I had just settled in to watch a movie when the intercom rang, jolting
me from my relaxation. I paused the film and made my way to the door,
expecting to find a delivery person who had dialed the wrong apartment
number.

But when I reached the intercom, the call had already ended, leaving me
with nothing but the faint buzz of silence. I peered through the small
window, scanning the hallway outside, but there was no one to be seen.
Shrugging it off as a simple mistake, I returned to my movie.

Minutes later, a sense of apprehension crept over me. Something about
that brief encounter nagged at the edges of my consciousness. With a
growing curiosity, I approached the door again, this time lingering by
the peephole.

As I watched, the elevator indicator blinked to life, signaling its
ascent. It paused momentarily on each floor before continuing upwards,
and I could hear each time the doors opening, somebody walking in and
out, and then the doors closing.

Finally, the elevator doors slid open, revealing… nothing. The empty
interior of our small and cramped elevator made the carpeted floor of
the building look like a huge pool of blood. The movement that I had
previously heard from the elevator had all vanished. But I kept staring.
As I continued to stare, a shiver ran down my spine. Although there was
nothing out there for me to be scared of, all of my senses were sending
big flashy warning signs. It was as if I was staring at the void and the
void was staring back.

Many days have passed since then, yet the strange occurrences persisted.
One day, when I was coming home from work, I realised that I had left my
keys in the car, so I went down to the parking lot to get them. My car
wasn’t where I left it, instead it was, doors wide open, left in the
middle of the aisle, motor and radio still on. Which is weird, as I
don’t like to listen to the radio. When I got in to grab my keys, I also
found some pills scattered around the ground, so I cleaned up my car a
bit before leaving it in my spot.

I finally decided to look online for help as it seems that these
instances where something weird happens have gotten more and more
invasive and common, since just this morning, when I woke up, I was
lying in front of the elevator, and I could see that something was
knocking on my door, I just couldn’t see what it was, so I ran away, as
fast as I could, with a sense of impending doom towering over me,
getting bigger by the minute. And now as I’m writing this from the local
library I can see that the lady who’s in charge of monitoring the
computers is walking towards me, but it’s like she glitches because now
I can’t see her face anymore and her walk is weird.

I hope this uploads in proper time.

  !It’s my first time writing something like this so constructive
  criticism is thoroughly appreciated. Also, the random bold letters in
  the text aren’t so random.!<
