Houston, this is fossor-535. This would be my seventh mission report. I
repeat, I am fossor-535, this is my seventh mission report. The date is
the fourth of June, 2109. Three days ago, I sent you a report
establishing that my transceivers are incapacitated. In funny words,
that means I can no longer decode nor encode signals created by data
disguised as electromagnetic waves. In other words, it’s been three days
where I was unable to hear anything. You can’t hear me either. As soon
as this report is sent out to you, it is practically guaranteed that it
will be erased from existence. Even if it will be found, eventually, it
may be hundreds of years from now. For the possibility of this being
received by a total and unapprised stranger, I will try to describe my
situation with all necessary explanations. So, to ensure that you
understand, allow me to repeat myself: it has now been three days of
utter silence.

You know, it’s funny; almost disconcerting. It is only now that I
realize that the title of a fossor stems from the ancient Latin word
fossor, meaning ‘he who digs,’ or ‘excavator.’ I suppose that would be a
precise adumbration of what I do, I dig and extract. When the Romans
referred to their fossors, I reckon they were workmen employed to dig
for plain construction. Two thousand years later, give or take, and now
being a fossor is a remarkably different task. Fossors, such as I am,
work for federal republics and extract gold from the 16 Psyche. The 16
Psyche is an asteroid located about two hundred and forty million miles
away from Earth, somewhere in the belt between Jupiter and Mars,
incessantly orbiting our sun. About six decades ago, the United States
(my country) had become the First Nation to extract precious material
from outer space. Then, Russia joined the economic endeavor. After that
— China, India, Türkiye, even Saudi Arabia. The economy was not always
stable, but there was peace and a temporary state of financial
equilibrium. However, in the year 2099 —a decade ago — the foreign
central banks of the Russian, Turkish, and Chinese Federations
aggressively pivoted from the US dollar as their chief mean of trade and
therefore shifted from holding dollar reserves to physical gold. They
did this upon development of spaceships capable of extracting (using
intelligent machinery), refining (separating the gold from the iron and
nickel using carbon monoxide in vacuums), and transporting (from the
asteroid back to Earth’s atmosphere) the metals of the distant 16
Psyche. While the 16 Psyche may be a very small asteroid it (alone)
holds ~ten million metric tons of gold. For reference, Earth has less
than two hundred and fifty thousand metric tons. Enough value,
hypothetically, to make every man on Earth a billionaire. Sounds like a
pretty good investment.

There have been little altercations between different nations in space,
but nothing serious. No one wants to risk their expensive space
equipment being damaged. There was one case, I believe, where a Russian
invaded an Indian spacecraft operated by some lady fossor that was sent
to extract tridymite from Mars. He took over the ship, harassed her, and
navigated the craft to a Russian base. Economic chess, played all across
our solar system. That poor woman… I remember hearing that the invader
raped and tortured her until her naked body was barely visible to the
Russians who cleaned up the ship, as it was almost entirely covered with
the internal organs he pulled out of her. I remember my Captain even
told me that officials wouldn’t admit it — but he also ran biological
tests on the young girl. With as much as I feel contrite about her
story, I cannot but resent the negligence on her behalf. Granted, the
job is  arduous. A responsible fossor, however, should know to be
cautious enough to eschew such failures. Especially failures so
conspicuous that they lead to brutal invasions. I don’t say this to be
rude or denigrating, I have simply been told all these things for years
now. Trained and meticulously regulated since I was a child.

I am an American fossor, which means that I am assigned to do all these
extractions myself. A space digger. While that may seem amusing or
extraordinary to whomever this report reaches, it is considered a filthy
task in reality. We are day by day disparaged and looked upon with
disdain, only to work even harder tomorrow for hardly ample wages. I
have to calculate mechanical operations, forestall contaminations,
ameliorate processes, physically heave considerable weights, and dictate
chemical refining procedures. All for a paycheck that is barely
sufficient to cover my mother’s hospital expenses. Unrelated, but I will
turn seventeen years old this coming November. I’ve had to put up with
this reality since I was much younger. But I am in no way trying to
victimize myself, I reckon my hurdles alongside my benisons in life.
Take the bad with the good.

As I said previously, my ship’s transceivers are inoperative, both the
transmitters and the receivers. So are my backups and my backups’
backups. Everything is completely impaired. I incipiently believed that
the damage may stem from intrinsic malfunctions of the safety system
itself, but I’ve noticed that the problem was vacuum exposure. To
clarify, space has so little air pressure that it is considered a
vacuum. On Earth, there is a considerable air pressure, and the force
created by it basically scatters or pushes against the electrons. That
is why electrical breakdown is suppressed on earth, but in space… since
there is no air pressure, delicate conductors like my radio transceivers
experience a multipactor (practically an avalanche of electricity). And
a multipactor is bad news for me, because… well, in fancy language it
means that the avalanche reached Paschen’s minimum, which is a voltage
threshold high enough to cause discharge. In other words, my spacecraft
is so overwhelmed by space’s electricity that I can’t communicate. The
security systems are exceptionally well designed, I have engineered
parts of them myself. Until three days ago, I was absolutely positive
that my communication systems could not be altered. I suppose I was
wrong in my tenet. I guess something hit the system upon my departure
from 16 Psyche, maybe radiation or some toxic exposure. I really don’t
know. But the fact of the matter is, I have been deaf and mute for
nearly 75 hours now. I’m alone. I’m lost. I don’t know what damaged my
ship. I don’t know what to do aside from trying to relax and slowly
travel to Earth. 

I wish my troubles ended there. Last time I woke up, a few hours ago, I
noticed a stinging sensation on the right side of my neck. I itched it,
and that itch led to extreme pain. I rushed to the mirror, there were
two wounds on there; both covered in hematoma. It seemed like the
results of a very shoddily conducted blood draw.  Did I test my blood
before going to sleep? I don’t remember doing anything like that.
However, I do recall drinking beer and taking my pills before falling
asleep, and I suppose a blood work wouldn’t be the most arbitrary thing
I’ve done while intoxicated. I just hope that I didn’t inject anything.
Other than that, my increments of provision have shrunk considerably. I
am no glutton, never have been big on food… I do well with provision
that is precisely enough to run my body through another day. And yet, I
keep finding my daily increments vacuous. I have run the calculations,
and I have hardly enough food to eat every day for the rest of my
mission. I hope I don’t eat too much while drunk… I abhor such habits.
It may be an intrinsic response to my dilating emotional distress, but
it is yet another thing I have to modify. Houston, if you won’t help me
any time soon, it’ll only be by miracle that I would be able to return
home alive. 

I am using this message as an expression of esperance and frustration,
not telos. I am calm. I know that no one is coming to save me, and I’ve
made my peace with it. And, to be frank, I… hold on. Wait, wait, wait.
No. No, no, no, no. I mean, now that I reported all this, I can’t
believe I didn’t see it earlier. HA, there is only one explanation to
all this, isn’t there? Houston…

THERE IS SOMEONE ELSE ON THIS SHIP
