Sorry if you don’t like it 🥹…

Book 13: Entangled Spaces 

Nobody there cared about the orange color of the ketchup, or that it
sparkled. They ate it anyway. John shook his head, forcing his eyes
open.

“Man, these fries are great!”

Marion turned to him, licking the orange stuff off the fry before
chomping down on it and with a full mouth, she mumbled, “the fries? How
’bout this ketchup? It literally tastes like heaven, but has a touch of
sewage water in it.”

Marcus agreed, but had a different view on the ketchup. “The ketchup is
definitely doing all the heavy lifting here, I don’t taste anything but
delicious goodness.” 

The last word jumbled as it clashed against the plate and his tongue
when he raised it to his face, licking the dotted spots of orange goop
that remained. Then, clawed a handful of fries from Joann’s plate and
threw them onto his. Joann sat back.

“You guys are nuts!”

At the same time, John and Marion snapped their necks to face each other
with an expression that read, “is Joann from another planet.”

Puzzled, and staring at her food, Joann looked up. “How come there’s no
mustard?”

And John quickly jumped in. “What color you think that’s gonna be?”

“Actually, funny you’d say that, I was just thinking about the
mayonnaise. How I wanted to mix it with ketchup,” 

Marion spoke softly, frowning, and digging a fry into the orange syrup
splattered on her plate, then snapped down on it.

“John, call the waiter over,” 

Joann poked John. She was hugging a three quarter full order of fries
next to her chest and hadn’t eaten any.

“Excuse me, waiter,” John yelled, snapping his fingers. “Hey, waiter!”

Turning to face him, the waiter nodded acknowledging John waving at him.
A few moments later, the waiter finished taking a customer’s order, and
raced to their table.

“Good afternoon, how may I help you?”

John pointed at Joann.

“Is there any other condiments besides ketchup?” 

The waiter stared blankly at Joann, he never blinked, not even once, he
just stood there for a minute and repeated,

“Good afternoon, how may I help you?”

Marcus broke into a laugh, but tried holding it back, sounding like
Donald Duck in a heated argument with Bugs Bunny. Marion, John, and
Joann squinted at each other as if the grey clouds above them brightened
into a yellow glow. Joann arched her back and inhaled, then exhaled and
shot her eyes at the waiter.

“Can we get some mustard, or mayonnaise?”

The waiter’s face bunched together, trying to make sense of what Joann
just said.

“Mustard… Mayonnaise?” The waiter asked, staring into space at her
puzzled expression before she opened her mouth.

“Yeah, mustard, the yellow stuff, It goes on hotdogs, and hamburgers.”

“I’m sorry, we don’t have that. We have ketchup. It is famous around
here, the chef makes it right at home. Would you like some?”

“No thank you. Well, what other condiments are there?”

“Condiments? I’m not familiar with that,” 

the waiter mentioned.

As Joann was about to speak, John interrupted, slamming his hands on his
lap, he sighed, and spoke with an annoyed tone.

“Ketchup! You do know what ketchup is, don’t you?”

“Yes, of course I do. Would you like me to grab you some?”

“Huh?” 

Responded John, staring at the waiter as if John had to calculate a long
division equation in his head.

“Ketchup is a condiment, along with mustard, you know what mustard is?”

“Sorry sir, I’m not familiar with mustard, is there anything other than
that I could help you with? Would you like some ketchup? The chef makes
it right at home, it’s famous around here.”

John nearly spat out a curse word, but Marion, knowing John so well,
wisely cut him off.

“That”ll be all, we’re good, thank you!”

Once the waiter walked away, Marcus laid his hands on the table. “What
the hell just happened?”

John leaned in and whispered, “was that guy on something?”

“He didn’t know what mustard was, or what condiments were,” Joann
snickered. 

Marion paused for a second, before saying “what’s the deal with the chef
making the ketchup at home? I don’t think we should eat this.”

Marcus sat there, his head in the clouds, chewing on a dipped fry, and
stopped after Marion mentioned that, then spit what he had in his mouth
into a napkin. “Blech! I’m ready for the bill.” 

“Same, let’s go.” Marion tugged at John. John nodded. Joann waved the
waiter over.

“Good afternoon, how may I help you?”

“Bill, please.” Pulling his wallet open, John searched for a credit
card.

“Is everything alright, I noticed you didn’t finish your ketchup.”

“Everything’s fine. Just send the bill,” replies John.

The waiter darted off. But, when he returned, he placed the bill on the
table and four plastic, small sample containers of ketchup. They sat on
the table glittering at the right angle of light, reminding Marcus of
when he was six and his school had a scabies outbreak, the cream had a
sparkle that resembled the ketchup.

“Complementary, from the chef.” The waiter stood smiling inbetween where
Marcus and Joann sat. John tossed out a credit card.

“I got this,” said Marcus handing John back his card.

“Thank you!” Marion smiled at the waiter. 

The waiter held the card in his hand, pressed it against his palm like a
scanner, and handed it back. “Thank you. You’re all paid. Enjoy your day
and come again.”

“What?” Marcus said to the group after the waiter left.

“Guys, that was weird.” Joann glanced forward, wide-eyed as they
proceeded to stand up. 

They gathered their stuff and walked to their car. Once inside, Marion
opened the glove compartment. Flowing out, were tiny sample containers
of ketchup. At least twenty of them. “What the hell?”

They all stared at each other, they’ve never been to that restaurant
before. John turned the key in the ignition, it sputtered alive,
blasting from the speakers was a distinct voice.

“Good afternoon.” The car said. “How may I help you?” 

They drove for what felt like hours, but, had only been five minutes,
still they were stuck in the parking lot. 

“How are we still here?” Marion asked John, her voice crackling. 

Joann quickly touched each shoulder with her chin, scanning through both
windows. “Didn’t we just pass a McDonald’s two minutes ago?”

Marcus gripped Joann’s knee with his hand and leaned into her.
“Something’s off.”

“I know, I’m freaked out,”  she whispered back.

The brakes slammed. And the car screeched to a stop. The engine kept
revving as John’s foot was glued to the accelerator touching the floor.
Marion’s phone flew and slapped the glove box open, spilling the
containers of ketchup on her lap and around her feet. Joann clutched her
tightened chest compressing the air in her lungs, she gasped—

“Now… may I… help you…?” 

Distorted and groaning, the voice rolled out of the speaker. 

“Turn it off! John! Turn the car off!” Joann shouted. The space around
her began closing in. A pressure built between her eyes and sounded like
waves splashing in her head. Desperate to escape, she tried to scramble
out of the car, but the door wouldn’t budge. She rammed it with her
shoulder over and over with all of her force that she could throw all at
once. The door still wouldn’t give, almost as if it was welded shut. The
windows stayed up, and had a plexiglass texture that shattered Marcus’
phone when he pitched it at the backseat window attempting to smash his
way out.

There was an orange speck on Marion’s sleeve that she kept her eyes
peeled on. The noise in the car turned to an echo and faded  as her
focus deepened on the stain near her wrist, her eyes magnified the tiny
blot, blurring the crème color of her shirt behind the fire shaded hue
of the ketchup.

“Marion?” John took his foot off the gas and shook her. “Marion!” he
yelled out.

Her eyes widened to the world speeding up as John’s voice hammered
against her skull. 

“Are you okay?” said John, staring at her.

“What’s wrong?” Marcus asked leaning between her and the driver seat. 

“Nothing, I’m fine,” she told them with a tear trickling down her cheek.

“Joann are you alright?” John looked over his shoulder.

“No. I want to go home. I want to go home now!”

“Relax Jo, Breathe,” Marcus said, rubbing her back.

Joann labored to steady her breathing, taking deep breaths, in and out,
as the tremors shook her hands. The radio started crackling and scanning
through stations. The static mixed with a moaning background that
sounded like it was being sucked through a vacuum.

“Doog… noon… retfa…” the radio repeated while breaking the static. “?uoy
pleh I nac woH.” 

Shaking, John yanked the key out of the ignition, and silence. Then, the
voice in a clear tone, repeated over the speaker, “good afternoon, how
can I help you?”

He threw the key back in the ignition and tried starting the car. Click.
He turnt it again. Click.

What the hell! Why won’t the car start… 

He wondered*,* resting one hand on the steering wheel and the other
holding the key while staring blankly at the Ford sign in between them.

“Now the car won’t start?” What’s going on John, I’m getting really
scared.”

“I have no idea, Marion,” replied John. “Don’t worry though, I won’t let
anything happen to you, or any of you.” 

“Guys, oh my god! Joann passed out. What do I do!” Marcus brushed her
hair out of her face and tried shaking her awake. He propped her eyelid
open and a web of vessels covered the whites.

“I can’t see her eyes, Marion help, please do something.” Marcus begged.

 

“What’s that tangy taste?” John glanced at the roof and sniffed the air.
“You smell that?”

A purple mist began flowing out of the vents. Marion struggled to
unclasp her seatbelt as her head slowly dropped forward. John followed,
resting his head against the window. Marcus leaned on Joann and began
kicking the door with both feet until he rolled over and passed out with
his head between Joann’s shoes.

———-

John woke up next to Joann and heard a faint sound.

“Help—“

The sun made his eyes squint, and he tried moving, but couldn’t. There
was loud chattering he could hear, mumbling sounds. Marion woke up.

“I can’t move. Guys? are you there?” She wiggled and could feel Joann
and Marcus next to her. A heavy taste of salt filled her mouth and sat
on her tongue.

“What the hell!” Joann shouted*. “I can’t move.”* 

“Joann?” 

“Marion—Marion is that you? Where are you? Why can’t I move?”

“I don’t know!” Marion responded. 

“Mare? Jo? You alright? Where’s Marcus?”

Marcus was silent. There was some shuffling and an impact as they all
hit a porcelain floor. An orange slime covered them. Something reached
down and grabbed them. They couldn’t move, just feel, think, and see.
The light darkened and a slit retracted.

“Oh my god!” screamed Joann, just as everything went black.

———

Book 15: Short Circuit

“Stars Are Blind” pumped out of a factory car speaker which Jenna sang
along to until the music cut. A blinding white glimmer broke through the
night. She pulled her sun visor down, glanced at her feet and couldn’t
register why the vehicle remained idle while jamming her Gucci slide on
the brake. Jenna screamed, clutching her fists in a tight grip, and then
attempted to open the door. It wouldn’t budge. She rammed it with her
shoulder. Nothing. She tried again and again until she gave up. 

She leaned back and her head began spinning. She placed her finger on
the button to roll the window down and heard a screeching metal sound
that tasted sharp and earthy like glass rolled in dirt. She removed her
finger. The sound stopped, the taste was gone. She tried again. Burning
rubber smothered her tongue and filled her lungs. Jenna struggled to
ground herself and just before she was about to freak out, the window
retracted, filling her lungs full of fresh air.

The tremors faded and the knot untied in her stomach. But, just as she
was slowly calming, a memory flashed in her mind. It was her hiding in a
closet when she was ten and her parents would be fighting. Battling to
unclasp the seatbelt, she finally unjammed it and climbed out the
window, but landed on her bed. No. Beneath her palms, dirt slithered in
her hands. On the front lawn, she sat up, rubbing her fingers together,
gazing into a pink sky with a vibrating sound, tickling underneath her
skin. The plastic, earthy taste remained in her mouth.

Over her, loomed a man in a dark blue uniform, shadowing her like a
storm in a Kansas sky. When he spoke, she could taste every word,
pennies, copper, a metallic type of flavor.

“What… ? what’s going on?” she whispered.

There was blood seeping from her head and the man kept staring at her.
Scratches covered her oil stained hands. Flashing a brilliant red light,
the strangers eyes pulsed.

“Not… shh… I just… shhh… Ma’am… shhh,” crackled through an invisible
speaker.

“Why…? Why does your voice feel that way?” she asked, laboring to
rationalize what little sense she could. “Was there an earthquake?”
Jenna shut her eyes.

“Now…shh… hold — ma’am…shhh,” his speech broke. “I said… shhhh… can
you…shhh… ten-four…shhh,” he said. He spoke a bit smoother, but still
had a static kind of crackle in his voice. He straightened his posture
and leaned back against the air. Only the wind held him up as if it
acted as a wall. He leaned standing up and crossed one leg over and wore
a crooked grin on his face. Then, his dark blue suit faded behind the
black silk that held him up. Jenna curled her lip. 

“Does anyone know what color last Tuesday was?” a voice rambled from the
distance. Jenna drifted to the words in the air and clamped her eyes
down. She opened them to a glass shattering sound that weighed on her
chest. It was heavy. It was suffocating. It was crushing her ribs. She
blinked and found herself standing on her neighbors porch. The door had
a metal frame, but crushed like an aluminum can when she touched it. 

The rubber doorbell left a sharp, tingling metal taste in her mouth,
almost like grooving the blade of a machete with your tongue. She rang
the bell and it sung the sound of screeching tires and crunching steel.

Her neighbor pulled the door back and scraped a scratching sound on the
wood, opening it. A copper scent flushed in with a gust of wind. The
odor had color and shimmered in the air, a red glittery sparkle mixed
with blue flipped back and forth. The glimmer grew stronger.

“Shhh…unit-160 — code 3. Unit 120 — dispatch on your 10-76. 10-4,”
crackled a voice from a radio.

“Ma’am…? Ma’am? Can you speak?” the officer asked.

Jenna lay with her face resting on the steering wheel. She opened her
glossy eyes and lifted her head to a waterfall of glass raining from her
hair, and clanking on the dashboard.

“Ma’am, don’t move. The paramedics are on their way.”
