For most of my life, I’ve lived in a rather secluded area around rural
Montana. The town was surprisingly small, only having 2 gas stations
near the edge of town and a school which almost everybody went to at
some point or another. The best way to describe what it felt like is
like living in a town where everybody knows each other, knows where you
work, where you live, who your parents are, partners, etc. And just like
any other small town out there, it was a breeding ground for gossip and
rumors. Nothing serious most of the time, though, just some small-town
conspiracy which worked its way around the town like a game of broken
telephone.

Now, I remember back when I was in my teen years, a rumor started
spreading about a haunted, vacant property that was located about 4
miles outside of town. To give you an idea, the next town over was about
13 miles north from where I used to live, so this house was essentially
the only notable thing within that 13-mile distance. The house itself
looked like something you’d see at a ranch, one of those tall, two-story
wooden houses with that slightly elevated front porch at the front.

The rumors around that place spread like wildfire, and while the stories
varied from monsters to ghosts, some people from my class said that
there was someone squatting within the vacant property itself, and that
they’d seen a car going to and from the property multiple times.

During this time, I was hanging around with my small group of friends.
We were only 4 to 5 people at the time, but that didn’t take away from
the stuff we’d do on a daily basis. We weren’t the brightest, but we
sure as hell weren’t idiots, so I’ll give you that. After our middle
school graduation, two of the people went on vacation, so I couldn’t
really contact them. However, I was still getting up to my usual antics
with the 2 other people from my friend group. It was me, James, and his
cousin Wyatt.

James was tall and lanky. He always had this medium, wavy shag that just
never seemed to fit his face. Alongside this, he was slightly
short-tempered, which made it a pain whenever someone would crack a joke
around him. Wyatt was, in all honesty, a nerd. He was short, had
golden-brown hair, and usually wore a thick pair of glasses with clear
frames that would always rest loosely on the bridge of his nose. As for
his personality, well, he was very soft-spoken and introverted, but was
still a fun person to hang around. But anyway, I digress.

On this one Sunday afternoon, I got a call from James. This wasn’t
anything unusual, as most of our hangouts were planned and/or organized
by him because he was the only one who actually bothered to give a damn
about the when, where, and how of things. He told me that he wanted to
explore the abandoned house, the one where all of the rumors circulated.
He thought that the rumors about the house still being in use were true,
and since he didn’t want to check it out himself, he called me to
accompany him there. Convincing Wyatt to come with us was the hard part,
though, since, as I mentioned before, he was an introverted individual
who preferred to stay home and play Halo 3 most of the time. He was a
nerdy kid after all, and he had a knack for video games, and at the time
Halo 3 was quite recent. He was pretty much glued to his TV screen 24/7.

We managed to convince him on the promise that we’d leave him alone
after this for about the rest of the summer, which, for some reason,
convinced him. Again, I don’t wanna make it look like he was some dumb
kid, but he was certainly gullible.

Around 6 PM, we all gathered at the furthest bus stop on the north end
of the town. All of us were on our bikes, and we were dressed in all
black, carrying these large, heavy-duty flashlights. After making sure
that we had all of the equipment needed for our trip to the ranch, we
got on our bikes and rode off into the valley.

After cycling for quite some time, we finally arrived near the dirt road
that would eventually lead us to the abandoned house. However, mainly
because we were sick of pedaling our asses through uneven terrain on
bikes that weren’t meant for said conditions, we laid down our bikes
near a small patch right near the road so it’d be easy for us to get
them. Upon turning on our flashlights, we started to follow this path,
which led us to a sort of clearing within the woods, with tall grass and
plants reaching above our ankles. At a certain point, I remember looking
down to see the trail itself, and to this day I could’ve sworn that I
saw fresh tire marks in the dirt.

About 5 or so minutes into walking, James, who was leading the both of
us, stopped and focused his flashlight beam through the surrounding
branches, as if trying to get a good look at something. We walked closer
and saw that on one of the bigger trees that was next to the path was a
white, rusty car hood that had the phrase, “BEWARE OF - 925 ASHBROOK
LANE,” spray-painted on it with thick black letters. Wyatt and I had a
good laugh about it, and we decided to continue onward.

We walked through a more mud-filled area before stumbling upon another
clearing deeper within the woods, and there, in the far right corner of
this small empty patch, was the house. It was, in all honesty, a mess.
The windows were either smashed or boarded up with 2-by-4 planks of
wood, while the walls were missing a few logs and had graffiti
spray-painted all over them, with varying levels of detail. The front
door was only attached by the upper hinge that seemed to be barely
holding on.

As we walked towards the house, I looked at Wyatt, and he seemed
genuinely uneasy and nervous. I couldn’t blame him, honestly. In all
honesty, I was scared too, but back then, in my mind, I was already this
far in. There’s no backing out now…

James opened the door with a loud creak that seemed to scrape off the
wooden porch even with the slightest of movements. As we entered, we
suddenly smelled this disgusting odor that made me physically cringe at
the smell of it. It was strong, and in a way it smelled like antiseptic
and Windex. Now, I somewhat expected this to smell just overall shitty,
but this completely subverted my expectations in a horribly unpleasant
way. We all looked at each other, and we all agreed to look over
different parts of the house. James would take the main floor, Wyatt
would go through the basement, and I would explore the 2nd floor. Then
Wyatt chimed in and said,

“If anything goes wrong, we’ll… we’ll knock on the nearest surface we
can twice. This house is old, so I’m sure that you guys’ll hear it.”

Me and James looked at each other and then back at Wyatt, and awkwardly
nodded to each other as we decided to split off right then and there.

I saw Wyatt and James disappear into the darkness with their
flashlights, and I turned to face the stairs leading up to the second
floor. One thing that gave me goosebumps was that the stairs had a sharp
90-degree turn to the right, which would mean that if you were at the
bottom, you couldn’t see anything from the top, and it’s about the same
if you were on the second floor. But, I digress.

As I made my way through the stairs and eventually got to the upstairs
area, I realized that the odor had become rather worse now that I was
upstairs. I inhaled through my mouth and quickly exhaled as I began to
look through the different rooms one by one. There were a total of 4
rooms up there, two on the left and another two on the right, all
perfectly parallel to each other. Standing there, I felt an odd sense of
emptiness almost… It felt like I zoned out but was also there at the
same time. In a way, I guess I realized something was wrong about that
place…

The first two rooms were nothing out of the ordinary, just small rooms
with only a bed frame flipped upside down in the middle of the room. It
made me unnerved to all hell just looking at it, plus it didn’t help
that every step I took made a prolonged creak for just a few seconds, as
if a way to tease me. I quickly exited the 2nd room, and I tried to make
my way onto the third one on the left. However, when I approached it, I
noticed that the smell was emanating from this room due to how strong
the smell was now, so much so that it made me gag out loud a few times.
I tried to open it, but the door only opened for about an inch and a
half before being stopped by a rusty door chain that was somehow still
holding the door shut. When I tried to peer inside, I couldn’t make out
a lot due to my flashlight not reaching all the way in, so I decided to
leave it at that.

I closed the door, and as I moved onto the 4th room, it felt as if my
heart had dropped to my stomach at that point. Every thump gave me
goosebumps, and it felt as if I wasn’t alone on the 2nd floor. Sure, it
brought me some comfort knowing that James and Wyatt were probably
downstairs, but still, the thought of being alone with someone who I
didn’t recognize, in an unknown place, really cemented itself within my
head at the time. But again… I’ve come so far, there’s no backing away
now…

I grabbed the rusty golden doorknob, and it jittered slightly as I tried
to turn it slowly, trying not to make a lot of noise. After I heard the
click, I lightly pushed on the door as it opened to reveal the final
room of the house…

In the middle of the room, there was this large, circular dining table,
with these life-sized porcelain dolls sitting neatly around it. Their
faces were poorly painted, with hair that looked like it was made out of
hay and twigs and poorly glued onto the head in patches. While on the
dinner table itself, there were at least 15 Russian nesting dolls. All
of them looked different, some made of wood while others looked like
they were made from a marble-like material, I think?

I noticed that all of them were placed in a circle, and in the middle of
that circle were a bunch of sticks and leaves, all coated with this odd
sticky resin that seemed to smell like the Windex- and antiseptic-like
odor I smelled when I came in. I tried to focus on it. However, right
when I was going to do so, I heard Wyatt yell something along the lines
of “oh shit!” as a large thump was heard throughout the entire house.

I rushed downstairs and quickly met up with James as both of us headed
down to the basement. We waved our flashlights around the dingy basement
before both of our beams landed on a large rusty boiler that was placed
in the far right corner of the basement. My eyes scanned around for
Wyatt. I wanted to grab him by his arm and bolt out of there. I just
wanted to leave, please let me leave…

Then I saw it… Wyatt’s head poking near the top of the boiler. However,
something was off about it. I think it was his eyes. They looked… weird,
glassy, too wide for comfort. And it didn’t help that Wyatt was 5 foot
3… However, his head was poking in from around 6 feet off of where the
boiler had started…

“Wyatt?” James asked. This was the first time I’ve ever heard his voice
so… nervous, so uneasy. I felt the goosebumps across my entire body as
both of us started to hear this raspy gurgling sound behind us that made
us plant our feet within the ground before the adrenaline kicked in. The
second I could feel my legs, I bolted up the stairs and towards the
front door. It hadn’t crossed my mind that I left James. I just wanted
to leave…

I left that house and started running down the dirt path, and while I’m
running, I keep hearing footsteps around me, and out of nowhere someone
tackles me to the ground from behind me. I started yelling out
instinctively before this… unknown person covered my mouth and crawled
in front of me.

“Shut—just shut up!” the person said in a wispy, quiet voice… As my
vision adjusted, I saw that it was James. His eyes were shaking, and he
looked equally, if not more, terrified than I was… We quickly got off of
me and crawled away to my flashlight.

I asked about Wyatt, about the boiler. I kept repeating, “What happened?
Where is he?”… but James never answered. Instead, he looked at me with a
tired, sad expression that went from sad to pissed in a matter of
seconds, and before I knew it, I had gotten a right hook to the face,
which made me stumble into the tall, bug-infested grass behind me. I was
completely dazed for a few seconds before I felt something warm and
runny on my palm. As I looked down, I realized that my nose was
bleeding… I could taste metal in my mouth as I hastily got up to James’s
level, but not before stumbling a bit. I tried to cover my nose;
however, the blood was gushing from it, which made it harder to
concentrate on what he was saying… But before I could get a word in, the
silence was interrupted by a massive, white flash that filled everything
for a split second. As my eyes adjusted, I noticed that the flash came
from headlights… headlights from a car that was not even 20 feet from
us. In what felt like two seconds, I heard one of the car’s doors
opening, closing, and the instinctive gasp from James as we started to
run into the tall grass on separate sides. I wanted to circle the car by
somehow maneuvering through the woods and onto the first clearing we
passed through, so that’s what I did. I ran deep within the woods to my
right, and then I finally emerged into a similar clearing like the one
with the sign on it. I sort of skimmed around its perimeter with how
much I could see without my flashlight, but I was able to head back onto
the path back to the highway, and I looked into the ditch near the path
and saw that James’s bike was missing, while mine and Wyatt’s bikes
seemed to be pushed aside.

I took my bike and rode all the way back to town without ever looking
back at the house, without ever looking back at Wyatt… Knowing that I’ll
never know what really happened to him.

The following days and weeks were a blur to me. Wyatt was reported as
missing, and the town hosted search parties around the local woods and
near the property. I don’t know if anyone searched the house to begin
with. I told them about the smell, the dolls, and how I saw Wyatt for
the last time. However, I doubt that what I said was useful because,
from what I know, and from what they’ve told me, there wasn’t a smell,
and there weren’t any dolls in that room…

I never talked to James after that. I doubt that he would even want to
talk to me after what happened. My family moved away from that town the
next Christmas, never even bothering to say goodbye to friends or
co-workers. I seriously doubt that my parents cared, or maybe they do…
However, I know that I’ll probably never get the answer to that
question. I remember that after that night… the life from their eyes
just seemed to vanish… Like they were silently judging me in a way.
Maybe they believed that I had caused a kid to go missing, or maybe,
just maybe, they were glad I’m lucky enough to be here…

However, I’m not sure what their thoughts on me are, since I barely talk
to or visit them as of recently, but I might be able to get a few
answers since they asked me to visit them the following weekend… So, if
they answer with anything significant, then I’ll make sure to update you
people. If not, then yeah, this is what happened to me. This is what
ruined me for the next 24 years. Anyway, I’m really tired, and my
roommate might be coming over with his boyfriend soon, so I’ll probably
need to log off for a bit, and it doesn’t help that I’m a bit tipsy
right now… So yeah, bye. If I never update, then that means that there
was nothing more to this.
