A couple of years ago, I went through a rough patch. I went through a
separation with my then-fiancée after an eight-year relationship, and I
was moving to South Dakota for a job opportunity. There were a lot of
things breaking down at once, and I didn’t have much room to figure out
what the hell I was going to do. I was crashing at a college buddy’s
place for a couple of weeks while I was looking for a place of my own.

It feels strange to slow down enough to catch a glimpse of your own
life. I hadn’t taken a vacation in years, and all of a sudden, I had a
full month of nothing on my calendar. I took walks, talked to people I
hadn’t seen in years, rediscovered some of the music I used to listen
to. It felt like I was sleepwalking through someone else’s life, but I
guess that’s what it feels like to breathe free after choking yourself
for years.

It was a strange time in my life, and it would change me in more ways
than one.

 

I used to take walks along the river. I’d just started to listen to
audio books, and I would take the long way back to my buddy’s place just
to hear more. It’s strangely comforting, listening to a story. I guess
to a lot of people, it reminds them of childhood. Having a story read to
us is one of the most comforting things I can think of.

I stopped to tie my shoe when I noticed this acrid smell. I took off my
headphones and listened to the river, but there was something else. A
weak sort of wheezing barking noise. Taking a moment to step off the
path, I noticed the source – an adolescent deer.

It was lying in the river, half its body submerged and the top half
weakly patting at the grass as if hoping something would pull it up. It
was covered in these nickel-sized holes covering the entire side of its
ribcage, and I could see something moving under its skin. It was dying,
no doubt about it.

 

I stepped a little closer, just to see what’d happened to it. The poor
thing wasn’t long for this world. It didn’t look sickly, the wounds
seemed physical and inflicted. I’d never seen a parasite able to do that
kind of damage.

The barks turned to screams, and the screams turned to nothing. After a
while, it was just opening its mouth without making a sound. I could see
its eyes searching me. It made me believe in a kind of fear I couldn’t
imagine. All these things like losing your job or ending a relationship…
it’s all very human experiences. But what I saw in that animal’s eyes
reminded me that there was a kind of fear I’d forgotten. A comfort I’d
taken for granted.

Something was eating it alive.

 

I stepped back as it took its last breath. There was this chill across
my body, like I’d seen something I wasn’t supposed to. The shadows
around me grew darker. I could feel something creeping across my skin
just by looking at this thing. Nickel-sized open wounds. Dozens. Blood
in the water.

I walked away with this unsettling sense of dread. I figured I ought to
call someone; you can’t have a sick, dead animal polluting the
waterways. But more so, I didn’t know what to think of it. Should I be
horrified? Scared? Thankful to be alive?

I got back to the path and put my headphones back on. I let the
goosebumps on my back take over as I shuddered, shaking off whatever
worries I carried with me. I raised my phone to put my story back on,
when I noticed a little gray dot on my thumb. Just this tiny
beetle-looking thing. Using my index finger, I flicked it off.

But my finger passed straight through, and the little beetle remained.

I shook my hands a little and continued on my way, paying no further
attention to it.

 

Apart from that, it was a fairly uneventful day. Had a chicken salad,
answered some e-mails, and looked into some apartments. I had a good
lead on one, I just needed a little more time. Luckily, time was the one
thing I had plenty of. I have very patient friends.

That night, as I was getting ready for bed, I remember standing in the
bathroom looking at myself in the mirror. Maybe my eyes were looking a
little darker, and the skin a little loose along the cheeks. They say
you never look at the same you twice. Age does that to a person.

As I leaned down to spit, I felt a tickle on my right hand. Not much,
but enough to make me look up. There was that little gray beetle
crawling across the palm of my hand.

 

I turned the faucet to medium and ran my hands under it. The beetle was
still there. I turned my hand back and forth, up and down, and it didn’t
move an inch. After a couple of seconds, I was blasting it at max
temperature, and the water passed straight through. I could see the
beetle with my own eyes, but it’s like it wasn’t really there.

I put it out of my mind. I still had a story to listen to. I was gonna
go look at an apartment in the morning. I had things to do, places to be
– I couldn’t let my mind get preoccupied with little things that didn’t
matter. I had real problems looming on the horizon, and if I kept
staring at my hands I’d get nowhere.

So I went to sleep, trying not to pay attention to what I think was a
faint tingle on the palm of my right hand.

 

I’d forgotten all about it the next morning. As I showered and shaved, I
noticed a streak of blood across my cheek. Not much, just a tiny red
line. I figured I’d accidentally cut myself, but on closer inspection
there was nothing like that. It’d been a perfect shave. Then I looked
down at my hand.

It was just a tiny little red dot on the back of my thumb. No bigger
than the prick of a needle. The teeniest, tiniest little trickle of
blood was running out, but it was already coagulating.

And at the edge of the wound, a little gray beetle; suckling at it like
a gazelle at a watering hole.

 

Now, I’ve never really had a problem with bugs. I ate a worm as a kid.
But that thing was messing with me. I washed my hands three times, and
it was still there. I used more and more soap. I used a sponge and
scrubbed until my skin felt raw. I used dish soap, a weird skin cream I
found by the tub, but it did nothing. The beetle was still there, poking
at the wound.

Finally, I just put a band-aid over the whole thing. It took the beetle
a while to figure out. It tried to dig underneath, but the adhesive from
the band-aid was blocking it. With enough effort, it probably could’ve
made it through, but it had an obvious solution to this problem.

It moved out of the way and bit me. Now there was another little wound.
Barely big enough to be seen, but it was there.

 

I figured it just wasn’t real. It wasn’t reacting to anything, so it
couldn’t be real. Real things get washed off. Real things get scrubbed.
Real beetles get squished and washed down the drain. Real things show up
on the screen when you take pictures of it – this didn’t. Ergo, this
thing couldn’t be real. It wasn’t possible.

Deciding that this was the case, I made myself ready. I put on my nice
shirt and pants, got my car keys, and checked the calendar. There was
nothing tickling the back of my hand. There was nothing biting me. I had
real problems, and this wasn’t it.

For a couple of hours, I felt nothing. I went around town, checked out
an apartment, and had a long talk with my would-be boss about my
upcoming move. He was flexible and could give me a couple more weeks, as
long as I kept in touch and let him know the second I was available. The
whole thing was a done deal, but it’s always a bit nerve-wracking when
there are papers left to sign.

 

I went to see a guy about an apartment later that day. I got there in my
fancy shirt, trying to look the part of confident buyer. I shook his
hand and noticed him looking down. There was blood on his finger; he’d
accidentally touched one of my wounds. He looked up at me with this one
expression of absolute disgust, like I’d spat in his face. He composed
himself in the blink of an eye, but for a moment, I could see what he
was really thinking.

I apologized profusely and he did as well, but I could tell it really
bothered him. All of a sudden he wasn’t thinking about the apartment, he
was thinking whether he’d caught something from me or not. He jogged
inside to wash his hands, and I knew the whole deal was gonna freefall
through the floor. There was just… no way. I don’t think you’d be
shocked to hear I didn’t get that apartment.

When I got back in my car, I was furious. I could see the beetle on the
back of my hand, circling a little pinprick of a wound. I smacked my
hand on the dashboard over and over and over, but once I turned my hand
back around the beetle was still there. I brought the hand to my teeth
and bit my skin. I spat, and scratched, and itched, but still – nothing.
At my worst, I was using my car keys to scratch my skin like a lottery
ticket, but all that did was cause more wounds.

The beetle didn’t seem to mind that.

 

It was an enormous source of frustration. Not only was it bothering me,
but it was impacting my actual life. My buddy was asking questions about
my apartment hunting, and it just got to me. We ended up agreeing that I
could stay the full week, then I’d go stay at a motel. It all sounded
very congenial and cordial, but I could tell he was just done with me.
That’s how a lot of things in my life ended; with cordial smiles, tilted
heads, and practiced lines. My eight-year relationship had died the same
way. No screaming or crying, just a well-timed “we need to talk” in a
public place, as to not cause a scene.

But this damn beetle was driving me mad.

I couldn’t take photos of it, so I tried to draw it. I tried to get a
better look using a magnifying glass, but I’m a terrible artist. Still,
I got a good enough look that I could recognize it from a photo. I
scrolled through hours of images looking to see if I could find that one
particular beetle. I never found a perfect match, but I think the
closest description would be a sort of stubby darkling beetle with a
light-gray exoskeleton and short legs.

All the while, it was chewing away on the back of my hand, and I could
feel every tickle of its legs as it moved from one wound to another,
poking at the scabs.

 

Going to bed that night, I could feel the heat from my hand. Not from
the beetle, but from the way I’d scratched and itched at it. It looked
swollen, even from a distance. I probably had to get it checked out if
it progressed.

But that line of thinking drew me down a path I didn’t like. Laying down
to sleep, I could still see the eyes of that deer. Those blank dark
spheres – looking not at me, but the concept of me. Not knowing if I was
a savior or a predator. Maybe it figured out I was neither. Maybe those
barking noises were a warning to stay away - to turn around and run.

I never really fell asleep, but I shot out of bed like I’d been kicked.
I felt a bite, this time further up my wrist. Turning on the lights, I
could see the beetle had grown larger. Not by much, maybe a sixth of an
inch. There was a slightly bigger bite further up my hand. It itched,
already turning red.

I was done with this thing. I was absolutely, unequivocally, done. I
would kill it even if it meant chopping my own damn hand off. I’d had
enough.

 

I pulled out some ice from the freezer and dumped it in a bucket. I
filled it with water. As I did, my friend walked out of his bedroom,
hair still messy and a sleep mask tucked away on his brow.

“What are you doing?” he asked.

“I’m almost done.”

“Okay, but what are you doing?”

I sighed and bit my lip. There was no way of getting around it. I was
going to have to look like a madman. I turned to him and showed him my
hand.

“You see this?”

“Yeah?”

“What do you see?”

He looked a little closer. There was no way he wouldn’t see the beetle,
the damn thing was front and center.

“Looks like a rash. You okay?”

“It’s not a rash. Not a scratch. It’s… I don’t know what the hell it
is.”

“You should get that checked out.”

I rolled my eyes as he lumbered back to his bedroom. I shoved my hand
down the icy bucket, only to watch the beetle casually travel up my arm,
find a warm spot, and bite down again. This time, I felt it.

 

Over the next few days, the beetle was always on my mind. Everything
else became this background noise to this immediate thing I could see on
the back of my hand. I would get these specks of blood on my shirt,
right by the wrist, and I would absolutely lose my mind with anger. At
one point I noticed it didn’t seem to bite at wounds that were covered
in something, so I rolled my entire hand in duct tape. The damn thing
just crawled up my arm, found another spot, and bit me again.

I tried everything. I bought pesticides from a garden shop. I used some
stuff used to clean pools. I tried to cut off the blood flow with a belt
but ended up hurting myself. No matter what, the beetle had a solution.
It would walk somewhere else, bite down, and keep eating.

After a couple of days, it was big enough to cover the nail on my pinky
finger.

 

The same day I moved out of my friend’s place, and into a motel, I went
to see a doctor. I didn’t even bother telling him about the beetle, I
just showed him the wounds on my arm. He ended up giving me a
prescription for some kind of eczema medication and encouraged me to eat
more fiber, but there was little else he could do. All test results came
back negative. He recommended some generic antifungal cream, but I would
have to wait until the wounds scabbed.

I would get these bouts of rage. I could be going along normally and
then feel that twitch of pain, and I would lose my mind. I’d slam my
hand against the wall or beat my arm like a drum. I ended up with a
whole bunch of bruises and cuts, and I was nowhere near closer to
getting rid of that damn thing.

It would keep me up at night. I could feel it crawling around, looking
for places where the skin was soft and thin. And this one time, as it
bit down in the pit of my elbow, I made this ugly grunting noise.

My mind circled back to the ugly grunting of that dying deer. Perhaps
it, too, had looked for a solution. Maybe until that last moment, it’d
tried to wash them off by throwing itself in the river. Was that going
to be my fate? Dying from some self-inflicted nonsense while this thing
ate me from the inside?

 

It was hard to stay focused. I was barely getting more than 2-3 hours of
sleep at night, and I found myself nodding off in my car. I’d moved into
a motel down by the highway, but the wi-fi was spotty and I had trouble
finding a new place to live. I could spend hours at the computer and
still be no closer to a solution. All the while, my savings were
bleeding out, and my would-be boss was asking questions I couldn’t
answer.

I had this one constant tab open where, every now and then, I’d look
into whatever long shot I could imagine to get this thing off of me.
Poison, radiation, x-rays, soundwaves… there were a lot of ideas. The
problem was, without knowing exactly what it was, there was no way to
say what would work, and what wouldn’t. But I couldn’t show it to
anyone, and describing it just made it sound like a sort-of gray beetle.

Then I had an idea. It was nasty, but it just might work.

 

I had this cigar cutter from a friend’s wedding the year prior. I hadn’t
thrown it away, but never really found a use for it either. I’m not much
of a cigar guy, but it’s kinda cool to keep something that looks like a
guillotine in my pocket.

I noticed that if I poked myself with a needle, I could sometimes get
the beetle to move. It would always go towards the freshest wound. So
little by little, I tricked it to go to the tippy top of my ring finger.
I set the skin at the tip of my finger at the edge of the cigar cutter
and slammed down.

It’s not as dramatic as it sounds. It burned, but we’re talking about a
small patch of skin at the tip of my finger. The beetle tumbled off,
rolling onto the floor. I backed away, holding my bleeding finger up
triumphantly.

Then it flew towards me. Turns out this thing had wings.

 

I tried to smack it away, but it passed through my hand. I tried
running, but it passed through the door. I got in my car and drove, and
it slowly came crawling from the dashboard right back on to my hand;
still bleeding from the top of my finger. As it bit a nerve, I pulled
over. I was in the middle of nowhere by then, and I just stood there
screaming for a solid minute. My voice must’ve echoed for miles.

I drove around, going numb from the pain. If all this effort was all I
could do to slow it down a little, I was going to wear myself out. There
had to be something else I could do. Anything.

I experimented with a couple of things for a few days. Changing my diet,
for one. I figured if this thing lived off of me, maybe changing what I
ate could kill it. I tried a bunch of weird combinations, but nothing
seemed to work. If anything, eating more fiber like the doctor ordered
seemed to make it more active.

 

A couple of days passed. The beetle was growing. It could easily cover
the nail on my ring finger. I could feel the individual legs and the
round mouth moving in and out as it bore into my flesh. The wounds had
started to look like what I’d seen on that deer. Round, and cavernous.

When you don’t sleep, the days start to blend together. I would forget
to answer e-mails and phone calls. Instead I’d just sit in my motel
room, hoping housekeeping would come by to change the blood-stained
sheets. I’d begun wrapping my arm in a towel at night, but the wounds
were getting big enough for the blood to soak right through.

I was tired. Exhausted, really, and it was starting to show. Looking in
the mirror really felt like looking at a different person.

 

I stopped answering when my would-be boss called. I stopped asking when
friends and family called. When I started getting texts, I just shut the
phone off completely. They weren’t helping, and they wouldn’t
understand. How could they?

I tried to get a video of the beetle biting me so you could see the
wounds opening. It took a few hours, but I got it eventually. It looked
sort of weird, but not like a bite; in the video, it looked more like
the skin was just contracting and releasing. Less like a bite, and more
like I took a big breath, and something broke on the exhale. It didn’t
really show anything.

I considered getting a microscope, or some kind of macro-lens. But what
was the point?

 

I’d tried everything. Electricity, pepper spray, fire, acid. I
considered that maybe I could cut my finger off high up in the air, but
the damn thing could fly. It was fast, too. It wouldn’t work. I made a
long list of possible ideas, and one by one, I crossed them all off. All
the while, I would feel something stinging my arm, and this ceaseless
frustration would well up in my chest with nowhere to go.

The truth of the matter was; this thing wasn’t leaving. It was going to
eat, and grow, and eat, and grow. It didn’t matter what I did, and it
wouldn’t matter what I tried. I made list, after list, after list, and
it was all just a monumental dead end. As I panicked, and cried, and
scratched, it just sat there; quietly eating away at my skin.

People must’ve thought I’d been in an accident. Some of the wounds had
gotten bad enough that I needed bandages. The guy at the drug store
started to recognize me.

 

I remember booting up my phone to check a video I’d made, only to get
caught in a call with my would-be boss. I had about a dozen missed calls
from him by then. On a whim, I answered.

“Hey!” he said. “Glad to reach you, we were getting worried!”

“Yeah, sorry” I said, my voice hoarse. “I’ve come down with something
bad.”

“You’re sick?”

“Yeah, it’s been pretty bad.”

I held my hand up, watching the beetle scurry over the bandages, looking
for its next spot.

“We’ve been waiting to hear from you,” he continued. “We weren’t sure
you’d be coming.”

“I’m not so sure either.”

“Sorry?”

 

It’d just slipped out, but I couldn’t help myself. The beetle bit down,
sending another jolt of pain up my arm. I shuddered. It was big as the
nail on my thumb by now. Not that it mattered, it was a pain when it was
small, it was gonna be a pain when it grew bigger.

“I’ve been dealing with something,” I said. “I don’t think I’m getting
better anytime soon.”

“It’s that serious?”

“I dunno. Maybe.”

The beetle suckled at the wound, perching its legs on the sides for
balance. Not that shaking it off was ever an option.

“You don’t know if it’s serious?”

“I suppose it is.”

I yawned. I couldn’t help it, I was exhausted. I turned my hand back and
forth, watching the beetle hang on like it was nothing.

“I’m gonna be real,” he said. “We were expecting you days ago. This
doesn’t look good.”

“I might be dying.”

“You might be? How can you not know?”

“I dunno. It’s been eating me for weeks.”

I was referring to the situation as a whole, but looking at the beetle,
I realized it was astoundingly literal. Eating me for weeks. It wasn’t
meant to be a pun, but the moment I realized it was, I burst into a
laugh. This loud, belly-bursting, manic laughter.

I don’t know at what point my would-be boss hung up, but I didn’t care.
I was laughing until I ran out of breath and the tears rained down my
cheeks. The laughter turned to a wailing cry as I rolled around on the
floor like a toddler.

I ended up lying there for hours, watching the beetle take one bite,
after another, after another. It was sort of hypnotic, and after a
while, you dissociate enough to not feel the pain. That’s not your hand
you’re looking at. It’s his.

 

After that point, I didn’t really care anymore. I stayed in my motel
room, watching the beetle wander up and down my arm, looking for weak
spots. It was sort of beautiful in the right light. Not really light
gray, but more of a pale asphalt blue. Sort of like the novelty
sunflowers they sold at the garden shop.

I would lounge around, waiting for a genius idea to spring to mind. I’d
keep my headphones on and walk for miles, forgetting to put on something
to listen to. I just didn’t want to hear my own grunts of pain when the
beetle bit me.

It had stopped growing bigger, instead growing longer. Segmented. It was
almost as big as my thumb. I didn’t care, but the bites were getting
harder to ignore.

 

I got into this daily routine of cleaning my wounds, taking iron
supplements, covering my body in bulky clothes. Thankfully, the motel
room was cheap. At night, in lieu of sleeping, I would bounce between
impotent rage and desperate crying. I would feel so sorry for myself,
listing all the things I wanted to do if I could just get this damn
thing off of me. All the while, it would just bite, chew, swallow,
repeat.

Lying on the floor, I remember waking up from a strange rhythmic sound.
I couldn’t figure out where it came from. I turned on the lights and
realized I was shaking. The sound had been coming from me, tapping the
floor. I rushed to the bathroom. My mind was racing a hundred ways at
once, but they all funneled into this one contracting idea. I was dying.

I saw my black eyes in the bathroom mirror, and it was like staring that
deer in the face all over again. It had known it was dying. Now I knew
too.

 

The pain got progressively worse. I started getting these big round
wounds just inches apart. Some bigger, some smaller, some with long
strips of skin missing at the edge. If I tried to cover the beetle with
my left hand, it had grown big enough that I could see the tip of its
carapace peeking out the back of my hand. It looked so physical, but
everything still passed straight through it.

I hadn’t even realized I’d given up. It just dawned on me that I had no
ideas and nowhere left to go. I could go back to the doctor and get my
wounds treated, but would it matter? Sooner or later, there’d be too
many. I could prolong it, but to what end? Would I grow desperate enough
to throw myself in a river too?

I started listening to my audio book again. I walked around for so long
that I forgot how many hours passed. I wouldn’t even notice the shivers
coming and going. It was just nice to finish something.

 

At the end of one of those walks, I remember sitting down on a park
bench. At this point I could feel every bite of the beetle. It was so
frequent that it looked like I had the hiccups, sending my entire body
into a spasm.

I put on my headphones and dialed a number I hadn’t touched for some
time. My ex-fiancée. We hadn’t talked for weeks, despite promising to be
friends after an emotional breakup. It didn’t take her long to pick up.
She waited for me to speak first.

“Hey.”

“Hey you.”

“You doing okay?”

“Not bad, you?”

I looked down on my hand, watching the segmented creature scuttle
around, finding the perfect angle to eat.

“I know we’ve talked about this,” I said, ignoring the question. “But
why did we go this way?”

“What do you mean?”

“Why just… I mean, it was eight years.”

“We weren’t getting anywhere. With your job, and my classes, we keep… I
dunno, circling the same drain. Year in, year out.”

I nodded. I’d heard the same argument and even felt the same thing. It
just seemed like a really long time ago.

“Is that such a big deal though?” I asked. “Jobs, classes… I mean, yeah,
it matters. But for how long? Until I retire?”

“That’s a long way off.”

“Yeah, but that’s coming too. Jobs end. Classes end. But we could still
be around.”

She paused for a moment, letting out a sigh.

“I don’t think we can.”

I nodded. We sat there for a moment, letting the silence stretch the
distance between us a little further.

 

I gave up after that point. I bought a whole bunch of gooseberries and
just sat in the motel room, eating them like it was a job. They’re rich
in fiber, and one of my favorite berries. Given the way this thing had
reacted to me eating more fiber, I figured I might as well make a good
meal.

I was coming to the realization that I wasn’t going to be okay. My arm
looked like a minefield, and a couple of wounds were all the way down my
shoulder blade. The thing scurried so fast from one point to another
that I had trouble keeping track. If it wanted a particular spot, it
would sometimes flutter from one point to another in a soundless burst
of clattering wings.

The fibers really kicked things into high gear. The thing got ravenous.
I thought it was just a strange quirk at first, but it completely
changed the way it behaved.

 

It stopped taking the occasional bite and started digging down in a
frenzy. Not moving from one spot to another, instead focusing on this
one particular hole in my shoulder. Straight through nerve, and tissue,
and muscle, to the point where the pain was so bad I couldn’t focus. I
ended up on the floor of my motel room, screaming and bleeding all over
the carpet. The pain had been manageable when it was just the occasional
bite, but now it wasn’t stopping. It was eating and growing so fast that
I could physically see it.

Someone called the cops. I have this vague memory of a door opening, and
someone screaming at me. Meanwhile, I’m seeing this creature the size of
my hand scurrying back and forth over me, biting down and tossing its
body around like a predatory death roll. Someone was shouting.

“We need an ambulance!”

The creature was literally foaming at the mouth. Some kind of
anticoagulant. My wounds weren’t closing, and I could feel this strange
cold enter my bloodstream.

 

Colors looked different. Sharper, sort of. The pain slipped from me. Not
like an anesthetic, but more like I just forgot what pain was supposed
to feel like. It left me feeling empty and callous, like there was
nothing left that could touch me. The only problem was; I couldn’t move.

Someone put on gloves and dragged me out. Someone else was trying to
cover my wounds in bandage and gauze. There were flashing lights and
raised voices. Meanwhile, this thing was taking bites out of me in front
of my eyes, tearing up the skin for all to see. There was this one
policeman trying to drag me out that dropped me the moment he saw a new
wound burst open. I can’t imagine what he must’ve thought I had.

Meanwhile, I was nodding in and out of consciousness. Voices started to
sound different. The sky looked strange. I was splayed out on a gurney,
and it felt like I was already dead.

 

During the ambulance ride, the creature settled on my stomach, tearing
holes out of me. It curled up like a lapdog, now large enough to cover
my entire arm. It wouldn’t stop eating. The bites felt like nothing but
distant pinches, but I saw the volume of meat disappearing into its maw.

I looked one of the paramedics in the eye and realized I was making a
sound. With every bite, I was making this reactionary noise, like a
bark. I must’ve looked at them the same way that deer looked at me, by
the river. For the first time in a long time, I could see something of
myself in another. More so than by looking in the river. We were both
scared to death.

I tried to speak, but the words didn’t come out right. I tried to
breathe, but the signals didn’t reach my lungs. I was collapsing.
Shutting down. Little lights in the palace of my mind going out, one by
one, as bite after bite took away some semblance of self.

I was dying, and I could barely feel it. But a part of you just knows.

I don’t know where my conscious thoughts ended, and something else
began. But I remember swirling colors and strange voices. Bright lights
passing by, maybe streetlights. A sky with strange moons, and people
talking in unusual languages. Somewhere in the haze of expressions,
little undercurrents of things I never got to experience. Things I
didn’t know I missed. Eating ice cream. Having a fragrant bath.

Then one bite struck a nerve on my neck, and I passed out.

 

There are little flashes of life here and there, like a light swinging
back and forth in my mind. In one moment I’m being rolled into the
emergency room. Then, someone holding up my hand, looking for a pulse.
And that thing, the beetle, curled up on my lap in a spiral. Had it
stopped eating?

The next time I opened my eyes, it was dark. There were machines, and
wires, and cables. The thing resting on my stomach looked… different. It
had curled into a ball, the head and tail sort of fused together. It was
lying still, slowly bobbing up and down with the rhythm of my shallow
breathing. No pain. No biting.

I lay there looking up into the ceiling. The colors had faded. There was
this tingle in my eyes that, if I looked a little closer, I could almost
see the stars in the ceiling. Maybe it was just random neurons firing
randomly to keep my senses alive, but to me it just looked like silver
sparkles – and I was glad to see them dance.

 

It felt like the blink of an eye, but then it was morning. People
walking in and out to check on me. Someone had opened the blinds on the
window. The creature looked different as a light blue mold had crept
over it.

Then, it cracked open.

I saw movement. Little things making their way out of the creature
that’d been eating me, breaking it apart like a cocoon. At first it
looked like a sort of mantis, until I noticed the wings. They unfurled,
stretching out one by one and testing their tensile strength. There were
about seven of them in total. Just these little red, white, and black
things covered in gray hairs.

Butterflies.

They didn’t stay long. They polished themselves off and took to the sky;
passing straight through the windowpane and into the world beyond.

 

In the days to come, the doctors looked for answers. Someone thought I’d
gotten a flesh-eating bacterium, but it didn’t follow any known
symptoms. Once it was clear that whatever it was had gotten flushed out
of my system, they focused on my recovery instead.

I think in a strange way, giving up accidentally saved me. If I hadn’t
started eating more fiber, that thing would have killed me just from the
wounds. By accelerating the progress, it got what it needed before it
killed me.

By the time I left the hospital, I had a journal full of question marks
and a body full of scars. I was scheduled for a follow-up, but it was
just to check on the wounds. There was nothing they could do to make
sure this whole ordeal didn’t happen again, because they had no idea
what it was to begin with.

 

Looking back at it now, I feel like I should be angry. Like I should be
cursing God for making something I can’t understand, that tormented me
in such a cruel way. I know I should feel like that, but at the end of
the day, I’m just happy to be here. I can acknowledge that shitty things
happen and still be thankful that I get to enjoy the things I’ve taken
for granted. It’s helped me look past the calls, and the e-mails, and
the diplomas.

There were other jobs out there, and other loves. I can’t say my life is
perfect today, but it didn’t end with one turbulent upheaval. Not from a
move, or a breakup, or a beetle. Life goes on, and sometimes that’s
enough.

 

And sometimes on my way home, I take the long route. I put on an audio
book. And if I look closely into the distant fields, I can see something
fluttering from one bush to the other, biting into meaty red berries and
suckling the juice.

Little gray butterflies with red, white, and black wings.

That only I can see.
