To say I’m obsessed with the Savage Sam movies would be an
understatement. My bedroom is decorated solely with Savage Sam
paraphernalia; my desk littered with miniatures featuring most
prominently The Mortician, The Baron, and Cruel Carissa (the evil
despots Sam defeats in movies two, six, and three respectively); my
walls pockmarked by tacks holding up posters for all seven films
(including the limited release Japanese version for movie four which
starred J-pop star Tadaka as Sam’s new ally, The Nameless Samurai); my
closet bursting full of cosplay outfits and memorabilia, enabling me to
dress as nearly any character featured in the films. My most treasured
artifacts of course reside in my war chest, where I have replicas of
Sam’s mattock (not to be confused with a pickaxe, the mattock has a
blade on one side and a hammer on the other), The Nameless Samurai’s
legendary blade Arashi, The Mortician’s Morningstar, and even Richard
the Wrathful’s enormous flamethrower (though that lives outside in my
mother’s shed). 

There’s a simple reason I love Savage Sam so much. Its world is much
more logical than my own. The world I live in doesn’t make sense. Its
rules are arbitrary and keep me from elevating my status to anything
above the equivalent of a poverty-stricken town fool. My life is
tedious, unfulfilling, awful if I’m really honest. But the world of
Savage Sam… its rules are well-defined and easy to follow. There’s only
one. 

Fight to survive. 

In the post-apocalyptic, endless forest wasteland of The Understory,
Savage Sam and his fellow citizens know only of brutality. There’s no
polite society, no laws, only how much you can take from your fellow man
and get away with. Living in that world sounds so much simpler than one
burdened by rules and laws. 

Because for me, working at the McDonald’s half a mile from where I was
born and lived all my life, the golden rule of The Understory doesn’t
apply. If a customer, or more likely my shithead boss Derek, disrespects
me, I have to follow the ridiculous societal ideas of nonviolence. That
may as well be servitude. When Derek asks me to clean out vomit in the
restroom and laughs when it gets on my uniform, I should be able to
challenge him physically. I should be able to pick up the mattock I have
named after Savage Sam himself and bludgeon Derek’s ugly face. But
instead, I have to show deference to this loser fuckwad who for some
reason holds power over me. In The Understory, I would be completely in
the right to kill Derek. In fact, I’d be looked down upon if I didn’t.
And God, I long to live in a world like that.

I don’t falsely believe myself to be some master fighter. I know I’m
scrawny, both too tall and too skinny. But what I lack in muscle, I make
up for in practice. Hours and hours I’ve spent in my backyard, utilizing
each and every weapon replica I’ve gathered, studying each film to see
the techniques used by my heroes (as well as those they’ve defeated).
I’ve put in my hours, and if the world worked how it should, then I’d be
the fucking unequivocal King of this shitty town, and everyone I’d ever
met would have to bow down to me and lick my dirty boots. 

My algebra teacher who embarrassed me in front of my classmates would be
hung for all to see. The fat prick who broke my nose in gym class would
have his nose broken again and again each night for the entertainment of
all. And Derek… oh, Derek would be tortured privately, slowly – very
slowly – for my and only my pleasure. 

That’s the world I want to live in. That’s the world I’m owed. The one
where I’m no longer Nick Carson, but instead… King Nick the Nasty. 

But it’s not the world I was born into, as I’m reminded that very day,
scrubbing a disgusting, shit-flecked toilet with my bare hands after
Derek conveniently ran out of those yellow cleaning gloves. Derek hadn’t
even bothered to hide the smirk on his face when he gave me this task. 

The only saving grace of work is Jennifer. I have no delusions she would
ever pay me romantic attention, but I’m grateful for the kindness
offered by my beautiful former classmate. It isn’t something I’m used to
receiving in any other facet of life. Even my mother takes me for
granted and treats me like a slave. Though Jennifer never takes sides
between me and Derek for fear of endangering her own employment, she
always offers me sympathy, and that’s enough. 

When I finish cleaning the bathroom, I spot Jennifer sitting with her
boyfriend Brad. She’s on break, and Brad is hanging around like he
always does. Brad graduated high school a few years before me and
Jennifer and was the type to keep coming back to flirt with teenage
girls, hence his current relationship status. Though Brad and Jennifer
are far enough removed from high school by now for their age gap to be
considered normal, I’ll never forget the creepiness of their romance’s
origin. 

As I pass them, Brad fervently whispers something, and Jennifer
dismisses him. She raises her hand, gesturing for me to come closer. I
reluctantly do.

“We’re having a party tonight,” Jennifer says.

I stare back for a moment. “Okay,” I utter, unsure why she’s telling me.

“Do you want to come?” she asks, as if I should’ve already gleaned her
meaning.

“Oh!” I’m frozen for a minute, the thought of this invitation truly
something that had never crossed my mind. “Um… okay.”

“Great! You remember where I live, right?” she asks.

I nod as I try to ignore Brad’s scowl. I quickly wander off, mumbling
something about checking the fryer. In the kitchen, I wrestle with my
feelings. I’m strangely excited about being invited to a social
gathering even though it’ll surely be filled with people I hate. Even if
there are people I don’t know there, I know I’ll end up hating them. I
hate everyone I’ve ever met. Except for Jennifer… and she’s the one who
invited me.

“What the fuck are you smiling about?”

I turn to see fucking Derek smirking at me. “Nothing,” I spit back at
him.

“Good. Then get back to work.”

⚔️

When I get home that night, I begin my typical routine – fighting with
my disabled mother about which frozen dinner she wants to eat, showering
in scalding hot water to try to scrub the smell of burnt fryer oil off
my sore body, and firing up the next Savage Sam movie in my rotation. 

But as the DVD loading screen plays the drum-heavy score of Savage Sam
VI: Blood of the Baron, I remember Jennifer’s party invitation. Tonight
is no ordinary night. I look to my TV, where Savage Sam stands shirtless
with his mattock, waiting for me to join him in The Understory. He
beckons toward a world that makes sense, a world I understand. 

But my thoughts turn back to Jennifer. The Understory is a wonderful
dream, but it’s never going to be more than that. Maybe it’s time to try
to improve what little life I have.

That’s how I find myself dressed in ill-fitting, uncomfortable clothes.
My button up shirt is too big, slacks too tight, shoes all wrong. I
frown deeply at the ugly reflection staring back at me. I don’t even
know if I’m dressed appropriately, I have no idea what people wear to
parties. I wish I could wear something out of my Savage Sam collection,
but I know how that would go. I’d done it enough times in high school.
Back before I was properly prepared to defend myself. 

I move slowly through the house toward the front door, not wanting to
attract the attention of my immobile mother, watching her nightly game
shows in her recliner. 

“Where the hell are you going?” her voice rings out, eyes not moving
from the television.

“I… got invited to a party,” I admit.

She nearly barks out a laugh. Though I’m her sole caretaker and the only
one who earns any money in this house outside of her measly disability
checks, my mother still shows me no love or respect. She blames me for
my father leaving and has never and will never forgive me for it. 

“Be honest, Nicholas. Where are you really going?” she says with a cruel
grin.

I immediately get defensive and angry, like she always makes me. I hate
that about her, this ugly person she turns me into. “I’m going to a
FUCKING party, Mom. You don’t have to be such a bitch about it.”

“There he goes, calling his mother a bitch again.”

God, I hate when she does that, talking about me like I’m not there. “I
wouldn’t have to if you didn’t act like such a bitch all the time.”

“Answer me this, genius. If you go out to a party, if that’s what you
call the circlejerk under the bridge you’re probably actually going to,
then who is going to give me my nighttime pills?”

This is what life has given me. My only living blood relative, the only
person in the world who’s supposed to automatically love and care about
me, is possibly the person who thinks the least of me. And everything
she does, everything she says, it just makes me into this fucking loser
that she sees me as. It’s a self-fulfilling prophecy that I can’t help
playing into.

I walk through the room and kneel down to her. “You can get your own
fucking pills,” I say, enunciating each word right into her face.

I try to pace for the door quick enough to avoid her getting another
word in, but of course I’m not fast enough, not for my mother’s smart
mouth.

“When I die, it’ll be your fault, Nicky boy.”

SLAM! The door nearly flies off its hinges with the force of me shutting
it behind me. How would Savage Sam have dealt with that, I wonder? Sam
doesn’t seem the type to use violence against a family member, but he
always does what he has to, and there are rumors The Baron is Sam’s
half-brother. Sam hadn’t hesitated to cut him down despite that
possibility. Just thinking about that, I long to go back inside and
watch more Savage Sam instead of attending this party. But I force
myself to take a deep breath and resolve to forget about my mother. 

I’m going to this party, and I’m going to enjoy it.

⚔️

My shoe scrapes against the sidewalk, my bruised ankle dragging
helplessly behind me as I limp back to my house. I should’ve known this
was going to happen. I did know, but I let myself be tricked by the
bittersweet taste of optimism. 

Flashes of the party fill my mind as I struggle to summit the last two
uphill blocks of the dirt road. Jennifer greeted me warmly, her alcohol
intake fueling her kindness. But what vodka tonic had done to make her
more pleasant, it had in turn made Brad even more unpleasant. And the
sight of me speaking to his girlfriend in this setting, outside of our
pathetic shared job, it set Brad off. 

One block to go. I push harder, knowing only one thing can make me feel
better now.

A flash of Brad’s fist coming toward my face nearly knocks me back on my
ass again. Brad had attacked me savagely, and for all my big talk, for
all my fantasies of The Understory, when the moment came where violence
was an option for me, I failed. 

But it’s only because I’d been so concerned about blending in at the
party, I hadn’t even considered bringing a weapon. And without one, Brad
easily pummeled me. He hit me in the jaw so hard, one of my teeth had
come loose. He punched me so ferociously in the ribs, I was still short
of breath even at this moment. He stomped on my ankle in such a vicious
manner I could now barely make it back to my own house.

Pausing on my doorstop, I pray my mother fell asleep in the time it has
taken me to get the shit beaten out of me and walk back home.

But of course, as I swing the door open, her leering eyes find me right
away. They practically light up at the sight of my bruised and battered
body, a smirk coming to her lips. “Some party…”

Ignoring her, I pace to my bedroom unevenly, not even bothering to get
an ice pack for my ankle. All I want is to get into my bed and hit play
on my 4K disc. I need to be transported to my real home – The Understory
with Savage Sam, where everything makes sense. 

As I watch the next one-hundred and sixty minutes of violence and
bloodshed, I vow in the future to always be prepared like Sam is. I will
never again go somewhere so populous without a weapon. Had I had
anything from my war chest (but especially my Savage Sam mattock),
things with Brad would’ve gone very differently. And the way Jennifer
screamed at Brad and begged him to stop, I believe I could’ve won her
over to my side. She would’ve cheered me if I’d had the ability to fight
back.

On my TV, I watch Sam deliver the killing blow to The Baron, his blood
army dropping all around him now that their originator has died. Sam is
no comic book superhero. He doesn’t arrest the bad guy and hope for
better next time. Savage Sam fucking demolishes evildoers. He puts an
end to them and makes certain they can’t harm anyone again. That is a
real goddamn hero.

As the credits roll and my eyes drift off to sleep, I wish I could live
somewhere like The Understory, somewhere that makes sense, somewhere I
could be a hero like Savage Sam. 

⚔️

When my eyes open, several things are clear at once. I’m no longer in my
bed or even my bedroom. I’m outside, bright sun pushing through massive
clusters of treetops. I’m in a place I instantly recognize, somewhere it
shouldn’t be possible for me to be. But there’s no denying it. 

I woke up in The Understory. 

Getting to my feet slowly, I look around in wonder at the endless forest
I’m so familiar with from the movie screen. It’s just as vibrant as I
imagined it to be. The dense trees prevent me from distinguishing any
direction from another, something Sam uses to his advantage constantly.
But right now, it’s a hindrance. Despite my familiarity with this space,
I’m still a newcomer to actually being in it, and the density means I
can’t tell if there’s anyone hiding nearby. In The Understory, you can
be attacked at any moment, something I know very well, but much like at
the party with Brad, I find myself again without any weapons.

Choosing a direction at random and moving carefully across the forest
floor, I shuffle slowly, scanning the treeline for any movement. My
heart pounds, a mixture of excitement and trepidation. I don’t
understand how I arrived here, but this is what I had always dreamed of,
and I’m not going to fuck up the opportunity. I was born to be in The
Understory, and I will find Savage Sam and prove my greatness to him–

SNAP! CRUNCH! Pain pummels me, my body collapsing to the ground, seizing
and writhing. A shrill scream escapes my lips against my will, my breath
tightening in my lungs, squeezing my chest. I’ve never experienced agony
such as this, and it takes me several seconds to even register what
happened. But the sight of my foot leaves no question as to the culprit
of this pain – a homemade bear trap ensnares my right ankle tightly and
blood gushes down the severed leg of my jeans, pouring into my shoe and
onto the ground below. I nearly pass out from the sight of it, my
gnarled, already blackening foot. I know instantly it will never be
usable again.

“HEAVE!” comes the yell from my right, and suddenly I’m upside down,
wailing again as the full weight of my body now hangs from my injured
foot. Bare raw tendons and muscle are all that hold me in place. The
pain I felt before is nothing compared to this, my entire being pulling
on my halfway sundered ankle. If I hang here much longer, it’ll rip off
entirely.

But I don’t get to dwell on that, because from the grouping of trees
directly in front of me emerges a dozen of the largest men I’ve ever
seen, armored and wielding bright, sharp weapons of varying deadliness.
Some look familiar, but it isn’t until the last steps out that I realize
why.

Savage Sam. There he is, in the flesh. 

My pain is momentarily forgotten as time slows at the sight of my hero
walking toward me, scowl on his face, famed mattock strapped to his
back. Despite my circumstances, a smile comes to my face. Savage Sam is
right in front of him. He’s really here, mere feet away–

WHAM! Sam’s gloved fist strikes me in the gut. All the air leaves my
lungs as I swing backwards, the momentum pulling further on my foot. I
can feel the tearing of tendons. My ankle isn’t going to hold on much
longer. I scream at the top of my lungs as the agony overtakes all my
senses.

“Where is The Necromancer?!” Sam screams in my face. 

I fight to recover my breath so I can respond, but before I can, Sam
delivers a kick to my face. A horrifying crack lets me know my nose is
broken. The blood flowing down from my ankle is joined by more emerging
from my nostrils.

“Please!” I force out, fighting through the pain. “Please… I don’t know
who that is.” My voice sounds far away, choked. My nasal passage is
severely damaged. 

“You would lie to Savage Sam?” 

Sam’s men spit out laughs at that question.

“Never! I’m a… I’m a huge fan, sir.”

“You’re a fan?”

“A supporter, I mean,” I protest.

Sam moves closer, menacing. “Then what are you doing in The
Necromancer’s stretch of The Understory, boy?”

“I just woke up here. Please, I swear.”

“And you know not of The Necromancer?”

“I don’t. I have no idea who that is.”

Sam stands to his full height, turning his back on me. “Then you are of
no use to me. Someone cut him down.”

“No, wait! I want to help–”

CHTCH! One of Sam’s men swings his sword offhandedly, and it connects
right below the bear trap, severing what remains of my ankle’s
connective tissue. As I slam to the ground, my gaze aims straight up –
at my ankle, still in the bear trap, no longer connected to my body.
Another bloodcurdling scream comes out of my mouth before I can stop it.

“Someone shut this pig up! The Necromancer is not going to make himself
known with all this noise,” Sam commands.

I watch helplessly as an iron mallet hurtles toward my face. I close my
eyes, accepting my fate–

WHAM! The mallet lands beside my head, not connecting. The man who’d
been holding it kneels beside me, focusing on the stump of my right leg.
I was so concerned about the ankle I’d left behind, I hadn’t even
registered that the place it came from is gushing blood like a fountain.
My eyes roll back in my head as I take it in. But Sam’s man is unfazed
by this sight, and another lackey hands him a torch, which he presses
hard into my stump. As it sizzles and pops, my throat is made raw by the
cry that emerges, and then everything goes black.

⚔️

Drip, drip, drip. Awakening once more on the forest floor, I find drops
of liquid striking my face. As I come to, I realize it’s blood dripping
from my dismembered ankle, still in the bear trap above me. Quickly
rolling away and wiping my face, I look down to my stump, no longer
bleeding, cauterized by Sam’s man. As I search for Sam and his men, I
see I’m alone again. Or at least appear to be. The Understory has a way
of making you feel hidden, secure. But I now know well how untrue that
is. 

I push myself slowly to my ~~feet~~ foot, balancing carefully on my
nondominant ankle. I jump to a nearby tree for assistance in standing,
but a root leaps out at me, and I trip, landing right on my stump. 

Like deja vu, another scream precipitates a blackout, and I’m again in
the dark.

⚔️

The next time I wake, I’m no longer in the forest. Now, I find myself in
a dark, dingy laboratory. Torches line the walls, providing minimal
light to the space. Various beakers and potions are littered across the
workstations. Someone’s done a lot of work here and isn’t very
organized. 

I feel much better than before, assessing myself. To my surprise, there
is now a wooden peg placed perfectly in the stump of my leg. I reach up
and feel that my broken nose has been given a splint. Very gently, I set
myself on the ground, favoring my left leg, testing the weight I can put
on this new peg. It’s horribly painful, but it’s stable. I’ll get used
to it. Everyone has their scars from The Understory, and I’m almost
proud to get my first one. Though I haven’t had time to process the
heartbreak it occurred via my hero Savage Sam. Our first interaction did
not go as planned, but there’s time yet for me to prove myself. Now that
I’m in The Understory, I will not let anything stop my team up with Sam.
This is what I’ve been training for. If anything, a misunderstood first
meeting means I’m sure to be Sam’s new accomplice. This is how these
things always work. 

“That feel alright?”

I turn at the voice, and a hooded figure stands in the doorway of the
lab. After what I’ve been through, I’m on edge, searching quickly for a
weapon, choosing a beaker full of some sort of sparkling liquid.

“Oh, I wouldn’t do that,” the figure says. “You wouldn’t want to waste
the last of my regeneration serum.”

“Who are you?!” I demand, trying harder this time to bring the
aggressive force and vigor required for an interaction in The
Understory.

“Me…?” the figure says “Some call me… The Necromancer.”

I raise the beaker of liquid higher, ready to attack. This is who Sam
was looking for – his new nemesis. 

“Savage Sam warned me about you.” I did my best to sound intimidating.

“Savage Sam is also the one who took your leg, is he not?”

“That was a misunderstanding! And if you’re his enemy, then you’re mine
too.”

“So be it. Feel free to leave, but please put that down first.”

I’m not compelled to comply now that I know whatever I’m holding is
valuable to The Necromancer. “I’ll put it down… if you give me a weapon
to replace it.”

The Necromancer nods, leaving the doorway and returning moments later
with a mace. From several steps away, he slides it to me.

Carefully, my eyes never leaving The Necromancer, I hoist the heavier
than expected mace over my shoulder. This is no replica, that’s for
certain. I place the beaker back down on the nearest table to The
Necromancer’s relief.

“Thank you,” The Necromancer says.

I simply point the mace at him, moving toward the doorway. “We will meet
again, Necromancer. Next time, Sam will be by my side and together we
will stop whatever evil you’re doing here.”

Once I reach the doorway, The Necromancer finally removes his hood,
giving me a look at his face. It’s horrific, grotesque, a ball of
scarred skin peeled back to reveal far too much of what lay underneath,
a face made of gums, eyeballs, and exposed muscle. I have to fight not
to recoil.

“I believe we will meet again, Nick, though not the way you say.”

I’m sickened by this thing in front of me. I have to find Sam and tell
him where The Necromancer’s lair is at once. I take one last look at
that horrifying face, not wanting to forget what I’m up against, and
then I flee up the stone steps, bursting back out into The Understory’s
bright landscape.

After five misfires, I finally find the markings representing the pub
Savage Sam is known to spend time in, and I knock on the tree trunk,
waiting for its hollow base to open. When it does, I descend in wonder
through what looks like an ordinary tree down the steps hiding inside to
a dark tavern straight out of my TV screen. This is where Sam and his
crew hang out in between their fighting, where men can recoup and drink
and brawl with abandon. This is one of the places I always dreamed of
visiting.

And so it’s with a heavy heart, I immediately find myself in mortal
peril again as a short, squat man coated in body armor pins me to the
wall, beefy forearm digging into my tender throat, my mace falling
harmlessly to the floor before I can even think of swinging it.

“Who the fuck d’you think you are walking in here, bub?”

I choke out an answer, “Nick.”

“Nick? Nick what?”

I’ve been waiting for this moment too. “Nick… the Nasty.”

The trollish man gargles out a laugh, looking me up and down. “Only
thing nasty about you, boy, is that pathetic leg there.” The troll kicks
my bad leg out from under me, sending me straight to the floor. He
delivers a kick to the peg for good measure, which sends a lightning
bolt of pain shooting through my spine.

As I lie there writhing, the troll takes his place behind the bar as if
nothing happened, dragging my mace behind him and tossing it into a
chest of other weapons. “You best buy a drink.”

I force myself to sit upright and get to my feet. How I’m going to pay
for a drink I have no idea, but I also don’t want the troll to do
anything worse to me. I stumble closer to the bar, leaning against it.
After that kick, I can barely put any weight on my missing limb.

“I will definitely be purchasing something, sir. But first, I wanted to
ask…” I lean closer to the troll, trying to look my most polite. Until I
have my mace back, I need to avoid any physical confrontations. “…might
Savage Sam be here somewhere?”

BAM! The troll immediately grabs my collar and slams my head into the
counter. The tooth Brad loosened pops out, shooting down my throat. I
choke loudly.

“What business do you have with Sam?”

“I have information. Please. I’m trying to help.” I can barely breathe,
my face pressed into the dirty woodwork. How is such a small man so much
stronger than me?

“Help who?”

Before I can respond, that majestic voice emerges again, “I’ll take it
from here, Reg.” 

I find myself free to move, and I look up once more into the face of
Savage Sam. Even after being maimed by him, I can’t help being emotional
seeing my hero up close.

But Sam narrows his eyes as he recognizes me. “You again…”

I put his hands up to signify I come in peace. “Sam, please, I’m here to
help.”

Sam looks me up and down, noticing the peg leg, nodding at the sight.
“Well, perhaps I was too quick to dismiss you. Come upstairs with me,
the rest of my men are out there. You can tell us exactly how you want
to help.”

I breathe an enormous sigh of relief. “Thank you, Sam. You don’t know
how long I–”

“C’mon then.” Sam grabs me by the arm and pushes me toward the stairs. 

“Oh, um, if you don’t mind, I…” I look back at the weapons crate behind
the bar, my mace already far out of reach.

“Won’t be needing that, son. We’ll arm you even better.”

My eyes widen at the thought. My hero Savage Sam arming me. This is
exactly what I always dreamed of. We had our first misunderstanding of
an encounter, but now we are really going to team up–

BAM! As soon as I exit into The Understory, Sam hits me in the back with
his paddock, knocking me down to the dirt. 

I try to catch my breath enough to say anything, but the blow has taken
it out of me.

Sam stands over me, the rest of his men joining from the trees. “Look
what we’ve got here, boys. This little prick thought I wouldn’t
recognize the work of The Necromancer.” Sam kneels down, gently touching
my peg. “This could’ve only been fashioned so quickly by one man.”

I fight for breath. “Please… you don’t… understand…”

“Oh, I understand very well,” he says, before calling out again.
“Grichuk!”

From the back of the pack, a man who looks like he could be a Hall of
Fame linebacker steps toward Sam, and in his hand, he holds a fire
poker, burning bright red from their camp’s fire pit. 

I push myself backward, trying to crawl away, but Sam steps on my peg,
holding me in place.

“Please!” I scream. 

Sam accepts the fire poker, moving it toward my face menacingly. “Here’s
what’s going to happen. You’re going to tell us where The Necromancer
is, or…” He gestures with the poker, pushing it within an inch of my
cheek.

“I’ll… tell you… I swear…” I promise.

Sam laughs heartily, turning to the rest of the group. “What do we
think, boys? Is he going to tell us?”

“NO!” rings out the chorus from the savage band of men. 

My eyes bulge in horror as I realize what that means for me.

“Sorry, boy, but we’re gonna have to make you talk.”

WHOOSH! The poker moves through the air, and I see it happen in slow
motion, unable to stop it from making contact–

SZZZT! The poker goes clean through my left eye. It pops and sizzles
right there in my head as I let out my most bloodcurdling scream yet. 

Finally, Sam rips the poker back and in one burst, out comes my eye with
it, on the end of the point like a marshmallow getting roasted in a
fire. 

Sam drops the poker, and I’m forced to watch with what’s left of my
vision as my own eyeball turns black and explodes. 

Savage Sam once more kneels down to me. “And now… I’ll bet you’re
willing to talk.”

⚔️

When I wake up in The Necromancer’s lab for a second time, I’m
immediately brought to tears. How could Savage Sam treat me like that? 

And why is the person Sam sees as his new enemy the only one helping me?

A shuffling from the door alerts me to The Necromancer’s presence. He’s
just entered the room and is now watching me cry. Embarrassed, I try to
stop, wiping my face with the back of my hands. I look up at The
Necromancer, trying not to stare at his scarred face, unsure what to
say.

Finally, The Necromancer speaks for me. “I understand.”

“But why would Sam do this to me?” I whine. My physical pain manifests
into this emotional cry. I feel a horrible pulsing pain from where my
eye used to be and I can tell immediately how damaged my depth
perception is with only one eye to see from. First my foot and now this.
I’ve not just been injured, I’ve been broken. By Sam no less. And the
worst part is, I could tell he enjoyed doing it. He liked it. 

The Necromancer gestures to the horror that is his face. “Who do you
think did this to me?” he asks. 

Several things click for me then. Each of Sam’s villains is someone he
had previously injured in some way. Sam creates all of his villains, and
now here I am in the middle of another Savage Sam adventure, just not on
the side I expected. Because Sam created The Necromancer, yes… but he
also had now created me.

“Wait!” I suddenly realize something. “I told Sam where to find your
lab.”

The Necromancer simply shakes his head. “He won’t find it until I want
him to. Trust me.”

“So, we’re safe here? Safe from…?” I can’t even finish the thought. I
can barely believe I’m having it. 

“Yes, we’re safe.”

Forcing myself to my feet, I stop feeling sorry for myself. “How did you
know I’d be back?” I ask The Necromancer. 

“I could tell you were going after Sam again. And I knew what would
happen if you did. I know you admire the man, but Savage Sam… he only
understands brutal violence, even with those who wish to work with him.
You know, here in The Understory… we say it isn’t always wise to make
the acquaintance of those you admire, lest you leave disappointed.”

I suppress a chuckle. “Yeah, we have a similar saying where I’m from…”

There’s a bonding moment between us in the silence that follows. 

Then a question occurs to me. “What’s your name?” The Necromancer looks
confused, so I clarify. “Your real name. What did they call you before
all this?”

The Necromancer smiles sadly, like he’s remembering a nice dream he once
had. “Christian was my name once.”

I take a step closer to Christian. “Christian… I like it.” Another
question occurs to me. “And why do they call you The Necromancer?”

Now Christian really smiles. “I’ll show you.”

⚔️

My heart falls into my stomach as I try to process what Christian is
showing me. He’s revived not just one, not just two, but all seven of
Savage Sam’s worst enemies. It’s a nightmare.

“How could you do this?” I finally ask. 

“I know it’s hard to understand, but all of these people have
justifiable grievances against Sam the same way you and I do.”

“No! These people are evil. They were extinguished by Sam for the good
of The Understory and now you’ve brought them back!”

“Nick… please, you must understand. You’ve experienced it now. Sam
masquerades as a man of the people but he is a terrible force in this
world. He must be stopped. And this was the only way I could think to do
it.”

“But these people…” I say again. I can’t imagine working side-by-side
with The Baron or Cruel Carissa. It’s unthinkable. 

But is Christian right? Does Sam need to be taken down? The brazenness,
the carelessness, with which he crippled me… is he doing that to other
innocents with such reckless abandon?

“I know you’re used to seeing things from Sam’s point of view, but look
where it’s gotten you. Open your mind, Nick. Consider the possibilities
of what I’ve created here.”

I look in at them all. The Mortician talking to Brutus the Bear. Cruel
Carissa sparring against Lotus Lantern. It’s bizarre. 

“How did you even do this?” I ask.

Christian looks away, avoidant. “I… I tried unsuccessfully to bring
someone else back, someone Sam took from me. I could never get it quite
right with her, but for some reason, when I decided to try on them… it
worked.”

Seeing the pain on Christian’s face, I have a thought I never expected
to: Savage Sam must be stopped.

“Okay,” I say. “Let’s do this.”

⚔️

Christian and I go to battle. I fight each of Sam’s mortal enemies,
learning different maneuvers and fighting styles. At first, I pretend
I’m Sam going to war with them, but I soon find myself looking at each
one as an ally, my animosity turning to comradery. 

One day, Christian and I look in at The Baron and Lotus Lantern as they
brutally attack each other, training relentlessly. 

“They’re even stronger than the last time they faced Sam,” I remark.

“I made them that way,” Christian says.

“Can you make me that way?” I ask hopefully. I’d been improving but I am
nowhere near the leagues of these people.

“I was only able to remake them because they had perished. The same
would go for you.”

“Well…” I say. “Let’s hope that never becomes the case.”

Christian nods in agreement.

Though the journey of the following week is the test of my life, after
enough training, I eventually find myself fit to wear the moniker of
warrior.

And Christian had been proven right. Despite the information I’d given
up, Savage Sam did not find us during this readying process.

So, finally, myself, Christian, and the many foes of Savage Sam prepare
to do battle. We don our armor and sharpen our weapons. I go with a
mattock like Sam’s, not to honor him, but to match him. Chainmail is
forged for my person and fits me just so. And lastly, perusing
Christian’s treasure trove of helmets, I find one that looks much like a
crown, one that will make me look exactly like–

“King Nick the Nasty,” I declare. “This time, Savage Sam will be
fighting not just every enemy he’s ever faced, but also their new
leaders. King Nick the Nasty… and The Necromancer.”

Christian smiles at the thought.

⚔️

The battle is briefer and more gruesome than expected, but that’s the
nature of the weapons this world uses against soft human flesh. Blood
and sweat fly across the dirt floor of The Understory as men and women
fall on both sides. Bones are broken, skulls are smashed, lives are
snuffed right out. It’s unlike anything I’ve ever seen. 

And I do well, taking down several of Sam’s men, escaping with little
injuries to speak of. Until– 

–Richard the Wrathful confronts me, eager to show me my favorite device
in person. I’m torched from head to toe by Richard the Wrathful’s
enormous flamethrower, the very same of which I own a replica. My skin
boils and bubbles like a roast duck in the oven. The screams unleashing
from my throat make the previous ones seem like whimpers. 

But I don’t stop. My mattock swings into the flamethrower, knocking it
to the ground, rendering Richard the Wrathful a pathetic, unarmed man.
My burns don’t prevent me from landing the sharp side into Richard’s
head, his shocked expression now permanently etched onto his face.

And then all that’s left is me, Christian, and Sam. The others had
helped take down Savage Sam’s men, but Sam had fought them all before
and he knew how to defeat them. So it’s left now to the two new friends.

“You little shits will not be the end of me. I’ve defeated far more
difficult enemies with far less,” Sam says with an enormous amount of
bravado. But there’s no mistaking the nervousness running through him at
the prospect of a two-on-one battle. This is a side of Sam I’ve never
seen before. Perhaps he isn’t so savage after all. 

But I also can’t be counted as a full one in that two-on-one. It’s
torture just to remain standing with the state of my burnt body, and Sam
obviously knows he can take me down first. He doesn’t hesitate to swing
his mattock at my head. The sudden movement of my dodge tears open my
newly scaly skin, and the painful bleeding that ensues sent me right to
his knees. 

Christian stands alone against Sam, sword in hand, and I watch, with a
better view than I’ve ever had before, as Savage Sam once again fights
off his latest archnemesis. But this time, my allegiance has shifted. 

Christian’s sword and Sam’s mattock send sparks into the air as they hit
against each other over and over. I want to get to my feet and help, but
it’s all I can do to stay conscious at this point. My burns are now in
control. 

It isn’t long before Sam sends Christian into the dirt, his mattock
driving hard into his ribs. Christian fights to catch his breath, and I
watch in horror as it seems my friend’s demise is inevitable. 

With the last of my strength, I fight to my feet, raising my mattock.
Sam laughs at the sight. 

“Okay, you first,” Savage Sam declares.

And then he comes at me, mattock landing with a sharp, wet thud into my
chest. I fly back to the dirt, feeling my broken ribs stabbing different
internal organs. It’s like nothing I’ve ever felt before. Every time I
think I’ve felt the worst pain imaginable, more is lumped on.

“Looks like you’re no king after all. Pity,” Sam says as he stands over
me, sharp side of his mattock ready to come down.

And just as it swings–

–WHOOSH! WHAM! It instead lands beside me, and next to it sits… Savage
Sam’s head. 

Standing over me now is Christian, his sword wet with Sam’s blood. He
falls to his feet, reaching for me.

“You’re alright, you’re alright,” Christian insists.

But I know I’m not. I’m taking some of the last breaths I ever will.

“It’s okay…” I say. “I got to see The Understory. I got to fight here…
It’s okay.”

Christian shakes his head, not accepting it. “No. I will bring you back.
You will wake up even stronger, my friend. I promise you.”

But I shake my head right back. “It’s okay… I’m ready to go.”

And then for the last time… everything goes black. 

⚔️

When I next regain consciousness, I’m in bed at home. My return from The
Understory comes with none of the scars I earned while there. I wake up
with all my limbs intact, every sense restored to what it had been, my
body entirely without evidence of the journey I took. 

But I can still feel it all the same. The pain in my right leg as I walk
upon the peg that, with every step, bites into the musculature where my
ankle previously resided. The blinding fire in my left eye from the hot
poker that plucked it out. The bitter taste of blood from my broken ribs
massacring my insides. And of course, the tender, blackened skin
covering my entire body thanks to the flames that licked every inch of
me. All of it is still there, invisible, under the surface. 

And it is my fuel. 

Though I find myself back in the world I thought I left behind, my
journey hasn’t been for nought. All this time I wanted to get to The
Understory, to the world of Savage Sam, because I thought it’s where I
belong. 

But my time in The Understory taught me how untrue that is. Maybe I
should’ve learned cruelty isn’t the answer, that a hero isn’t someone
who resorts to violence. But that’s not what my takeaway is. What I
realized is I don’t need to go to some other world, I need to change my
own. I’ll remake this world as I see fit, and I won’t stop until I live
in the world I want. 

A better world. 

And so I go to work. I drive down the street. I put on my uniform. And
moments after my arrival, when Derek’s blood runs down the Golden Arches
on my shirt, I finally feel peace. I’m establishing the new rules of
this place, one person at a time. I take Derek’s newly severed head and
place it on a spike, putting it in the parking lot for all to see, for
all to know who rules this town. 

The flashing scream of sirens outside doesn’t even dampen my spirits,
for I know when they saw what I’ve done, they will know–

–this place is now and forever ruled by King Nick the Nasty. 
