In life, there have been few places where I’ve been able to find solace,
and it wounds my heart to have one of them so irrevocably tainted. I
fear that I may never be allowed to forget what emerged from the womb of
Bai Shan, the Giant Panda.

The sun was shining, mockingbirds sailed lazily through the afternoon
sky, and I found myself lost again in the bustling crowds of the San
Diego zoo. When I was younger, I would have hated it. The shuffling of
elbows, the occasional glancing of one ankle against another. As I’ve
matured I’ve come to appreciate how easy it is to become lost in a sea
of faces. Especially in a place like that, where exotic beasts lay caged
behind glass. Surely, in the face of such sterling examples of nature’s
graceful, brutal, efficiency, anybody would be a fool to spend their
time in judgment of a man.

Bai Shan had been receiving extra attention lately due to her surprise
pregnancy. The zoo had no breeding program for their panda at the time,
due to rising tensions with China, so the caretakers were completely
baffled when her discolored coat of white fur mottled with brown dirt
began to swell at the belly.

I stood admiring the lazy dozings of a pair of cougars, lost in thought
as I rolled my gaze across muscled jaws and paws easily twice the size
of a man’s hand. Suddenly the flow of people began to reverse its
course. I stretched my ear toward the conversation of passersby, without
even fully meaning to.

“Bro, c’mon! Tony is over by the Panda and he says it’s grunting like a
pig!”

I was befuddled by what I had overheard. Was it choking? Vomiting? Had
something gone wrong with the pregnancy? I rushed over to the exhibit,
others running alongside me in a torrent of bodies. Hundreds of people
congregated there, joined by mockingbirds in equal number, sitting in
hushed masses barely obscured behind the vibrant purple blooms of the
Jacaranda trees. The plaza was silent beyond the sound of beating wings
and pounding footsteps growing more distant as the available space
dwindled. When the last of the witnesses arrived, the branches, laden
with heavy blossoms and birds alike, sagged dangerously beneath the
weight; the sound of footsteps bleeding distantly into nothing.

I don’t know if you’ve ever seen the way a Panda gives birth, but it’s
nothing like it was for Bai Shan. Typically the infant bear, smaller
than a child’s shoe, springs forth from its mother’s womb in a comically
effortless way, anticlimactically launching the baby from its birthing
canal. Bai Shan’s labor was anything but effortless.

I pushed to the front of the crowd, and was horrified at the blatant
agony on display. Bai Shan laid flat on her back, muscles twitching in
violent spasms as her gut stretched desperately against its bounds. An
older woman, somewhere in her 40’s, fainted as the shape of a paw
violently distended Bai Shan’s stomach. The paw pushed against its
mother’s skin, making itself plainly visible through the thick fur. A
long, wet, schlicking sound crept out from the enclosure. What happened
next is something I have a difficult time putting into words. The skin
of Bai Shan’s belly seemed to suddenly rip and snap back to its place,
and the paw remained pressed against her fur, stretching it as if it
were a single, contiguous membrane. This second skin began to fill with
blood until it was fat and sagging like an overful water balloon.

Bai Shan grunted, heaved and roared. Her pelvic floor rocked with a
horrible, internal impact. The edges of her labia suddenly tore open,
oozing red blood into white fur as a mass ripped its way out from within
her, splitting its mother’s pelvis completely. Bai Shan roared in
terrible, grueling misery as a torso, far too developed for an infant,
emerged from her womb. It was followed rapidly by a forelimb, the hind
legs, another forelimb, and finally the head.

Several spectators turned to flee, hoping to find a safe place to vomit,
but found themselves blocked by the throng of bodies. A daisy chain of
bile spread through the crowd, lacing the air with a thick sheen of
pungent, acidic stench.

Each body part launched from within her with a wet popping sound,
landing in a flurry of slimy thuds across the dirt. The crowd stood in
shocked silence, parents quietly ushering away crying children as I
tried to make sense of it. Bai Shan wasn’t due to give birth for another
three months, at least, yet the heap of anatomy all seemed to belong to
a cub already three months old. A boy no older than 11, with a hat
bearing the insignia of the San Diego Padres, was the first to notice.
He spoke softly, but was heard by all amid the horrified stillness. I
remember a sense of relief at the momentary distraction, instantly
squashed by the words he spoke.

“Is it…moving?”

He breathed the question as if it were a thought gone rogue, drawing my
eye, along with hundreds of others, back to the gorey pile as it began
to sit up. The limbs pulsed with waves of dark, crimson blood from where
they were meant to meet the thorax. Small balls of bone, bones meant to
be securely fastened into sockets, pulled gently at the fur, wet with
blood, as they moved toward their position.

All the pieces fell into place, and immediately fell back out as they
slid past their mark. The left forelimb continued on to glide around its
back like a figure skater, with the right one hesitating at the
shoulder, as if waiting for its turn. The raised paw rotated forward at
the wrist, moving back around through the arm and returning to its
original position. The cub’s hips rotated independent of its torso
twisting the creature’s midsection up like a wrung-out rag. My stomach
lurched at the sound of skin drawn past taut and the grotesque clicking
of vertebrae pushed beyond their limits.

All at once a high-pitched whine, like some supercharged form of
tinnitus, tore through my ears. I clapped my hands to my head, hoping to
insulate myself from the noise, but it was no use. All around me, people
repeated my motions, many collapsing. After several minutes of writhing
excruciation the sound abated, leaving us to pick ourselves up from the
ground. Bewildered, furious eyes turned to the cub.

One of the bear’s hind legs had found its mark, locking itself into the
joint. The bear balanced on one foot which spun about the ankle, causing
the infant Panda to dance a slow pirouette as its other limbs slid
across its form. Something in the motion gave me a sickening sense of
celebration. As if the baby were dancing to herald its own arrival.

A brunette in a red leather coat screamed out what we had all been
thinking as she hung on her husband’s arm.

“KILL IT!”

Her pleading prompted the man to draw a revolver from the holster on his
hip. He leveled the barrel square at the horror’s head, but the shot
went wide and struck Bai Shan.

The cub spun its head toward the sound of its mother’s cries, with the
head continuing its rotation until it locked its eyes on the cowboy. The
cub’s brow furrowed in a move that struck me as all too human, and
leaned its head back. The head continued along its trajectory until it
disappeared into the cub’s torso. The woman from before let out a scream
which sounded half-hearted, as if her fear were battling a desire to
draw as little attention as possible, and the crowd began to scatter in
a panicked stampede as the cub’s head rolled itself impossibly back out
from the center of the man’s chest.

The man looked down, jumping in such startled surprise that his Stetson
went flying off his head. He screamed in a horrified rage as he slammed
the barrel of the revolver against the infant’s skull, pulling the
trigger just a moment too late. The bullet tore through empty air before
lodging itself in the skull of the woman in the red coat. She collapsed
to the ground, her head producing a sickening crunch against the plaza’s
stone pavers.

The mockingbirds cried out in her voice:

KILL ITKILL ITKILL ITKILL ITKILL IT

I wished desperately that I could flee, but the tide of rushing bodies
was far too strong. To enter that current would be to subject myself to
a thousand trampling feet. The bear re-emerged from the skull of a man
to my right, this time with shredded grey matter caking its fur as the
man collapsed in a seizure. The bear squealed in delight as it rolled
itself back into his head, disappearing once again.

KILLITKILLITKILLIT

I looked around wildly for any way to escape, finding my eyes drawn back
to the man with the gun as he climbed down into the enclosure. The cub’s
head had returned to its body, and the man fired four more shots as he
approached. Each bullet swung wildly away from its path, as if the very
idea of a straight line were distorted by the infant’s presence. He
reached for a large rock, hefting it up over his head and bringing it
down with a furious yell. Bai Shan’s second skin burst catastrophically
as the cub was crushed beneath the stone. The cowboy was swept off of
his feet by the crimson torrent of blood. He drew himself back up in
rage, and resumed smashing the cub, a wet thump echoing across the plaza
again and again and again and again and again.

KILLITKILLITKILLIT

When he had finished with the cub, he turned his rage toward Bai Shan.
The already dying bear groaned and cried real human tears as the man
slammed the stone against her skull over and over until blood and brain
matter sprayed out across the ground. Then he turned his eyes to me.

KILLITKILLITKILLIT

I’ve never had any explanation for how I became the focus of his rage.
Perhaps he felt me watching him. How he managed to scramble up the deep
walls of the enclosure is another thing which eludes me. He was on me
within a minute, raining down a hail of furious punches. The impact came
again and again, blurring my vision and drawing red into the corners of
the world as blood ran from my forehead. At the edge of unconsciousness,
a shot rang out and the mockingbirds scattered. The man clutched at his
side and staggered, allowing me to slip loose.

I ran like hell as the police, finally arriving, swarmed over top of
him.
