​

I stare at the dimly lit ceiling just like every night to drift off to
sleep. I hear the fan oscillating as the darkness drifts over my eyes.
My eyes are not closed, but the darkness makes it feel that way. It is a
comfortable feeling, a welcome one after a long day. Every night has
been like this ever since I can remember. Eventually, the numbness takes
hold of my limbs, slowly spreading from fingers, to hands, to arms, and
then, the rest of my body. I am at ease because I know soon, it will
come.

It has no name. Every night, without fail, it is there. No words are
spoken. I watch it, and it watches me until I drift off to sleep with
eyes wide open, until last night. As the darkness began to encompass my
vision, I dared to speak. I asked this midnight creature, “Who are you?”

I received no response at first. Then I felt a prickling sensation along
my skin leaving gooseflesh. A droning noise, almost like static, takes
over every other noise in the room. My vision began to blur as the sound
got louder until all I could see was its small yellow eyes on me as they
began to move closer. By the time it reached the bed to peer over my
catatonic body, the static was deafening. At last, nothing.

I woke in a large white space the color of a hospital room’s wall.
Although I could not see the walls, I felt how vast of an area this was.
I raised my hand to my face just to see. It was my hand. I felt normal,
comfortable even from temperature, body condition, and emotion. The
possibility of being awake was completely thrown out the window without
the regular pains and hot, miserable room I sleep in every night. No
sound could be heard other than my breathing and once I began to move,
my footsteps. There was no echo; there was just simply perfect silence.

The silence was broken by a voice in the emptiness. Not mine but a
familiar one. I sought out the source to hear what it is saying because
I couldn’t make it out from the distance it seemed to emanate from. The
voice continued to speak, and I began to make out small phrases like “Be
sure to brush your teeth. Please change over laundry. Don’t forget to
feed your brother first. Just walk home, you’re fine.” Many more phrases
I remember hearing from childhood and some even now. The voice belonged
to my mother. The same voice I heard through the phone every night when
she worked two jobs. Mom worked two full time jobs while Dad was away
for work just to make ends meet, and she left it to me to raise my
brother.

At some point I came upon the source of the voice but there was nothing.
There still was just empty white but the vocal oddity remained, almost
chanting phrases I remembered. Her tone began to shift. I felt strange,
shorter, and pudgier. The anger and frustration began to well in the
speech with words like, “I told you a million times not to! Why is it
not done? Wipe that smile off your face. Stop that!” These harsh words
were exactly as it was when I would be scolded for not doing things
perfectly or the “right way.” My mother continued on into more harsh
words. “What the hell do you think you’re doing? Are you stupid? I trust
you to do one damn thing and you couldn’t even get it right!”

I felt tears well up in my eyes at her harsh words, but the breaking
point was a simple sentence. “A good son would do better for his mommy.”
The tears began to fall, and I felt 10 years old again. I hung my head
and saw something odd through the tears. My feet and body seemed to have
shrunk. Inspecting my hands as the voice went on, were also younger. It
wasn’t that I felt 10 years old; I was 10 years old.

I felt yellow eyes upon me from a distance so I did what I had done all
those years ago. I ran to hide. It made sense at the time. The shame and
guilt eating away at what were, in my mind, my childhood failures. Never
to be the son she wanted, feeling it was my responsibility to keep
things in order, doing what must be done to survive.

With nowhere to hide, the white emptiness absolute, another sound bled
through the sobbing. It too sounded very familiar. My sadness turned to
fear as the realization dawned upon me. My father’s voice, deep and
slurred, “Be a good kid and bring another. I’m not sure when I’ll be
able to come home. This is the last time I’ll tell you.”

I heard the ripping of a belt against the loops of jeans and immediate
searing pain erupted from the back of my legs and then my back. I cried
out in pain as the blows continued until I eventually felt numb to it
all. Just like it was all those years ago. I stared out into the white
just waiting for it to stop.

Once the onslaught stopped, a quiet moment lingered just a little too
long. In a drunken slur of words and the smell of alcohol in the air, I
heard him say, “If you think you’re such a big man, get your ass down
here and fuckin’ fight me.”

I froze. The fear crescendoed to an anger I had first felt as a teen. I
had done it again. I angered him with my existence. I was no longer 10
and my 17-year-old body was far more capable of defending my pride, but
I felt no reason to. The outcome is the same. A lose-lose situation
fighting your own dad.

My thoughts and feelings were cast aside as a hand touched my shoulder.
Cold, delicate, but yet, almost caring. I turned my attention to the
source of the intrusion to witness it looking at me. Its hand placed
lightly on my shoulder as all other noise disappeared and all that was
left was it and me. Its yellow eyes were glaring. The closest I had ever
been to it. I saw its black pupils inside those yellow eyes, the nearly
skeletal face with sunken sockets and ground down teeth showing through
a lipless mouth. Its body was much the same. A thin, bony, and frail
frame covered in a cloth that looked not unlike a long dead animal
covered in a worn tarp.

It moved its hand with purpose back to its side and began to walk. The
bones looked as if they would snap at the slightest misstep, but to my
surprise, it moved with unimaginable grace for something with the
appearance of a corpse. We continued walking with dozens of others
shouting, screaming obscenities I’ve heard throughout my lifetime
directed at me. The strange aspect was that I felt in control. No anger,
guilt, shame, nothing. True apathy.

All at once we are met with silence again. It turned to me and
wordlessly beckoned me to a door I had not seen. I asked, “do you…” but
before I could finish my sentence, the buzzing began again and I
silenced myself. Quiet again, and the door opened. I nod to this
ethereal abomination of skin and bone in understanding. It does nothing
in response. I step through the door.

Every night, it still comes to watch me as I watch it. Yellow eyes are
the last thing I see as I drift to bed. As it lays in the bed beside me,
a cold comfort envelops my very being.
