A buddy I met in group therapy told me about this site. Derek. Great
guy, he doesn’t believe I’m crazy. And I am not crazy. Anyway, Derek
said you guys were open minded about stuff that can’t be explained by
science or logic or whatever. Well, my story fits the bill.

It all started with a speck. I was working overnight stocking shelves at
the grocery store, zoned out listening to music. I realized I had been
absentmindedly rubbing my eye every couple of minutes. It didn’t hurt,
but there was a black spot at the very edge of my vision that I had
mistaken for dirt or something in my eye.

Well shit I thought, I can’t afford to go to a fucking eye doctor with
no insurance. But when I flicked my eyes to the right, instead of the
dark speck staying at the edge of my vision, it disappeared. Thank fuck,
problem solved.

So then a week later I’m back at work, loading cardboard into the
compactor when the thing shows up again. Only this time it’s on the left
side. This time when I looked to the side, it didn’t go away. Instead, I
felt a ripple in my cornea as if it was stuck at a point in space and my
eye moved beneath it. I grabbed at my face instinctively and it moved
across my vision to the other eye.

In a panic I ran to the bathroom to look in the mirror. I didn’t see
shit. My eyes looked totally normal, just a bit red from rubbing them
again. But right in the middle of my vision was the speck. I could
almost focus on it at this point. There was depth to it, like looking
through a train tunnel. As I moved closer to the mirror, the tunnel
seemed to get closer.

I backed away from the mirror, and the tunnel disappeared. I looked
around anxiously but neither saw the speck nor felt any movement in my
eyes. Relieved but shaken up, I told my manager I wasn’t feeling well
and went home early.

Later that night, after more than a few shots of whiskey, the speck came
back. I was stumbling towards my bedroom to crash for the night when the
tunnel appeared right in the middle of my vision, seeming to block the
hallway. The drunken decision I made next will follow me for the rest of
my life. I continued walking forward.

As I moved down the hallway, the tunnel expanded, quickly filling my
entire view. Walking faster now, I felt the air around me grow colder.
Soon everything was dark, and I could smell wet earth. The carpet of my
home gave way to rough stone, and my footsteps began to echo.

A few more steps, and the light continued to dim. Suddenly my left foot
pitched downward, and I stumbled and barely caught myself on the stone
staircase. I held out my hand to the wall beside me for support and
began feeling my way down one step at a time. The temperature continued
to drop as I descended.

When I reached level ground, the last remaining light from the hallway
above me was totally gone. I paused, shivering, sobering up a little in
the cold. What the fuck am I doing, I wondered, as I shuffled forward in
the dark. I continued onward for a while.

After a few minutes, I heard a shuffling noise. I stopped and listened.
Again, a shuffling noise, like someone dragging their feet. It came from
behind me. From the way I had come. As I stood there, frozen in fear, I
began to smell it. The stench of blood.

I took off blindly through the darkness, my heart hammering in my chest.
From behind came a horrible groaning noise, then the shuffling started
up again, faster. I ran, praying I wouldn’t run into another stairway in
the dark.

I lost track of time in that mad chase. Eventually, the noises faded
behind me, and shortly after I noticed light growing in the distance.
With all reason replaced by fear, I ran towards the unknown light. The
stone floor gave way to carpet, the hewn walls becoming the familiar
hallway of my house. I reached my living room. Exhausted and terrified,
I locked myself into my bedroom and collapsed.

I woke up on the floor the next day. My head was pounding, and I could
barely handle the sunlight. I made coffee and took some aspirin. Once I
came fully awake, I was ready to chalk it all up to a nightmare,
combined with too much drinking. I went on with my day, taking care of
errands, and began to put the tunnel out of my mind. The next day went
fine as well. I went to work at the grocery store as usual and skipped
the drinks for once. The day after was just uneventful.

Days turned into weeks, and now three months later, the speck has never
reappeared in my vision. All’s well that ends well. Except I can’t get
one thing out of my mind. How am I supposed to get back to the real
world?
