Hey everyone! I’ve been working to keep myself on a new stricter
schedule, building discipline and all that, so I thought to keep me
encouraged I would bring you guys along with me! This is just going to
be pretty simple, just sort of journaling my day along the schedule.
Hope you enjoy! :)

So, before I get into it, I wanted to include a brief description of my
schedule for the day: First of all, I’m going to get dressed, brush my
teeth, just do my get ready for the day routine, you know? Then, I’m
going to go eat some breakfast. After I finish breakfast, I have just a
bit of overdue work I need to get done before I really get into the day.
That should get done pretty fast, so after that I’m going to replant a
couple of my house plants that have been looking worse for wear, then
I’ll do a workout before lunch! After lunch, I’ve got some cleaning to
do, then I’ll do some recreational stuff, engage in a few hobbies, stuff
like that. Then, I’ll take a shower, eat dinner, do the dishes, go
through my nightly routine, and settle down for the night! Easy peasy!

Alright, let’s get started! First off, I head to the bathroom to brush
my teeth. Might have put on a bit too much toothpaste, got a little
nauseous for a minute😅 I take a minute to wash my face, and look in the
mirror. A few little pimples dot my face. Nothing a patch can’t fix! I
pop some small neon pink stars on my face, then head to the bedroom to
get dressed. I have this ADORABLE outfit I’ve been waiting to wear! I go
ahead and start to slip the pants on- oh. They.. they don’t fit anymore.
Hm. Well. I’m.. not really sure what to wear now. I was really excited
to wear this. I didn’t have any sort of backup plan. I start sitting
through my wardrobe. I try on I don’t know how many outfits. Nothing
looks nice. Nothing fits right. Nothing *feels* right. I just wanted to
wear an outfit that made me feel good for once… Oh well! I’ll just throw
something else on for now, no biggie! I settle on an old T-shirt and som
yoga pants. Not as cute, but at least it’s comfy.

Anyway, time for breakfast! I walk into the kitchen and begin sifting
through the cabinets. I haven’t really made a plan for what I want to
eat yet, but I know I’ve got ingredients! They cut my pay a bit at work,
so I haven’t been able to afford as much quick food, but that’s alright!
My grocery store does deals on meat and produce a lot, so I usually have
plenty of stuff. Unfortunately, there’s surprisingly little room for
options made of meat and produce when it comes to breakfast foods. Okay,
I’ve got a couple of several different kinds of fruit leftover that I
needed to use, I’ll just use those! Let’s see, I’ve got grapes, apples,
oranges, pears.. not as much as I thought, but still! The grapes are a
little squishy and the apples a bit spotty, but that’s alright. I cut
them up and put them in a bowl. I go to pop a bite in my mouth, when I
feel something.. mealy? Squishy? It’s like something wriggling in my
mouth. I’m not a big fan, and apparently this fruit is a *little* older
than I thought, but I’m hungry, so it’ll do.

Now to finish that overdue work. It’s pretty boring and honestly, a
little soul-crushing, but hopefully this new routine will give me a
little more motivation. I finish that up, and now it’s time to move on
to the plants! I pull one up, and go to pour some potting soil into the
new pot, when suddenly I start feeling a little iffy. In fact, ever time
I bend in any way, or move to fast, or anything like that, I start to
feel sick. I’m sure it’s fine though, I’m having lunch soon and that
should fix me up! Now the plants are done, I should move onto my workout
before lunch. I start with stretches, and keep filling more and more
ill. It’s alright, just breathe. I steady my breaths. I’m sure it’s just
my body adjusting to the exercise. I’m fine. I’m fine. I’m fine I’m fine
I’m FINE. I got begin sit-ups, when all of a sudden it feels as though
my entire body is erupting from inside itself. I rush to the bathroom
and keep over my toilet, vomiting into the bowl. Every time I thinks
it’s stopped, more comes. Once I’ve collected myself enough and am sure
that at least most of it is out, I look done and- *Oh. My. God.* There
are *maggots* in my vomit. Oh god oh god oh god. I don’t even feel
conscious enough to be as concerned as I should be. I go to sit up when
I notice I forgot to hold my hair up, and it’s dangling into the toilet
and the larvae-filled mess. God-dammit! The last thing I wanted right
now was my anxiety starting to act up. The *last* thing I needed right
now was some bullshit like this!! Seriously!? Can I not just have one
damn day where everything doesn’t go wrong!?

Sorry about that. I got frustrated. It’s time to move on. I manage to
steady myself enough to stand. I.. don’t think I’ll be having lunch any
time soon. I go to wash my hands. I turn the water mostly on hot, but it
starts running cold. JUST HEAT UP! PLEASE! I take a breath. It heats up.
I even accidentally burned my hand on accident, haha. How clumsy of me.
Anyway, I begin to wash my hands. I scrub. And scrub. And scrub. I’m
almost done, when hand bumps into the sink. It’s the bathroom sink, so I
have to wash my hands again. I have to. I try to let it roll off my
back, but it keeps happening. I keep scrubbing. I scrub so much with so
much focus I don’t even notice that my akin has started to crack from
all of it. My wrists are bleeding now. And there’s something in the
sink. What is that? Oh. It’s my nail. I must have accidentally ripped
part of it off when trying to scrub under them. Ouch. Eventually I get
through that and take the pimple patches off. The acne hasn’t gone away.
Now it’s just icky and damp from my sweat and the moisture. I should get
in the shower now. I need to shower now.

I gather my things and manage to get into the shower with minimal issue.
I try to hurry, really I do, but my mind starts to wonder, as minds so
often do in the shower. I’ll just take a moment to relax and sift
through my thoughts before I get into the actual shower part.
Immediately the thoughts start to rush up upon me. Did you do your work
well? Are your plants okay? Honestly, they looked sickly. How dumb are
you that you can’t even keep a single plant alive? And those pants?
Maybe it’s good you skipped lunch. You really should eat less. Don’t act
like they’ll fit in the future, you know they won’t. There’s no point in
saving them. You won’t lose that weight.

Thoughts continue filling my head. They’re overwhelming me now. Thoughts
about family, friends, exes, plants, work, house chores, work- did I say
that already? Maybe. I’m not sure. Finally, one thoughts seems to snap
me out of my trance:

What time is it?

I realize I’m not sure how long I’ve been in here. Two minutes? Thirty
minutes? Two hours? How long? I should just hurry. I go to wash my hair
and realize by now the vomit and funk has crusted into it somewhat.
Dammit. I scrub and wash and scrub and wash until finally I feel clean.
When I pull my hands down from my head, I look down and notice fistfuls
of hair in my hands. Have I been that stressed? Shedding that much hair?
As if it didn’t look thin and ratty enough already. Anyway, I finish the
shower.

It’s dark now. I donnt know how long I stayed in there. Part of me still
feels sick as my kind keeps flashing to the maggots. The pimples. The
pants. The hair. God, I’m a mess. I drag my body to the kitchen to try
and find some sort of makeshift meal. I think about just putting
together a small salad, but every time I think of eating.. you know.
Guess I won’t be having dinner. I grab a bottle of water a slough to my
bedroom. The rest can wait until tomorrow. I.. I just can’t do it today.
I can feel my body willing me to cry, but I just can’t. I just feel
weak. Shaky. I have to be to work tomorrow anyways. God, I’ve got so
much work to do. I stay up late, thoughts swirling in my head. By the
time I start to doze, it’s already time for me to get up for work. Maybe
tomorrow I’ll get some rest. How long has it been anyways? I don’t know.
It doesn’t matter. I guess it’s over now. Thank you for reading. I hope
you’ll join me again sometime. Goodbye.
