Everything happened somewhere around four and a half years ago. Me and
my girlfriend of six months were kind of abruptly getting to know my
family, at my uncle’s fifth decade on this planet celebration. I just
told her I had to really be there, ever since he lost his wife and never
actually had any kids… well, let’s say things can get a bit lonely,
especially at that age. And, according to popular Romanian tradition,
this was an event for the whole extended family, of course! She, in the
sweet way that she acts, said it would be a great idea for me to finally
introduce her to my family. I admit, I wasn’t really planning on doing
that, at least not so soon. And you might say that six months is plenty
of time, but you don’t know my family…

By the time we got there, the eastern side of the family had already
arrived. It wasn’t even that long of a drive, maybe twenty minutes, but
they deliberately woke up at 4 AM just to get there and help with the
preparations. And yes, 4 AM was deliberate, because any earlier and it
might have been within the witching hour and caused a huge fuss at the
table if anyone found out. Along with them was my grandma, seemingly a
sweet old lady, always disappointed in me and my choices, especially
when the horoscope told her to be.

My girlfriend was all smiles, happy to greet everyone, in spite of my
reluctance to even look at some of them. I’ve never been the type to
really get along with people persons, maybe it’s a flaw on my side, but
that made me hesitant to actually be there, around twenty people, with
even more to come. I did my fair share of chopping wood for the
barbecue, mostly as an excuse to be alone and also maybe get a few looks
from my beloved, if I can afford this little bit of honesty in
retrospect.

The house was near the woods, I used to spend a lot of time there,
especially during summer, so I knew the area pretty well. I even had a
sort of special spot, beneath the roots of an old oak, exposed by a
landslide that happened before I was born, overlooking the tiny river
that flowed north of the house. It wasn’t that far from people, but it
was far enough that me and my love could have some time for ourselves,
to hold hands, to sit on the soft moss, to look deeply in each other’s
eyes. Oh, how I just can’t resist those eyes! I knew ever since that
trip that she would be my wife!

Unfortunately, the wooded and almost mountain-like area had the habit of
changing weather rather fast. A sudden rain forced us to run back. The
thunder was so loud all of the dogs in the village started barking,
whimpering or howling as if the world was ending, but I found that
rather peculiar, as I’ve had my fair share of bad weather here, and they
never did so. One of the lightning bolts even struck the house, frying
the improvised electrical cables in the old home.

Grandma was the first to actually bring out a candle and light it up, as
if it was something she’d done a million times… well, at this point, she
just might have! She gathered everyone around her, gave them other
candles and spoke solemnly, telling us that the spirits of the forest
are restless, that the dogs heard the rustling of the leaves and felt
the anger of the wind. She then proceeded to light a rag on fire, to do
some movements with it in the air, making shapes I could not really make
out, then extinguishing it with her bare hand. She claimed it would calm
the spirits and appease the storm.

While that spectacle was entertaining, especially to the children, I was
soggy and cold and wasn’t really in the mood for her antics. There’s no
scientific reason why a burning rag could calm the so-called spirits of
the forest. Well, there was no such thing as spirits anyway! Just old
folk tales, designed to do just that: make the kids behave and stay calm
in the storm. I told all of this to myself, believing everything, but a
knot in my throat just wouldn’t go down, no matter how much I tried to
swallow it.

The fact that the storm actually didn’t let up until maybe forty or
fifty minutes after it had started made me more sure of myself, of the
fact I was right. But my composure was fragile and all it took was to
come face to face with grandma, with a grave look on her face.

“It was you! Bad boy, I know you anger spirits! I knew you were bad omen
ever since you were born! None in family was ever born with caul but
you! Bad omen! You never listen to elders!” 

I wanted to protest, but that knot in my throat blocked every word I
wanted to say.

She filled me with anger, which tried in vain to cover the fear, the
exact feeling that I knew was irrational, the one my mind told me was
pointless, as everything she said was nothing but superstition. And
yeah, she was the oldest in the family, but knowing all the old wives’
tales didn’t mean she was any bit wiser than me!

The party eventually resumed, we made the barbecue in an old shed that
had more holes in it than Swiss cheese, perfect place to keep the fire
going, dry, and well ventilated. There wasn’t any cake. That kind of
celebration was apparently too modern, and nobody wanted to risk
angering some spirit twice in a row…

I didn’t feel too well that night. My head was spinning, as if I caught
a serious cold, but I didn’t really cough or sneeze, I was just dizzy,
and couldn’t sleep. The laughter of my relatives didn’t help too much,
either…

As quickly as they had started, the celebrations ended. The next day,
around noon, most people had already left. The old house felt eerily
quiet, apart from the heavy footsteps of grandma, still prowling around,
ready to give someone her undesired heavy remarks. I tried to avoid her,
not even telling her goodbye before stepping behind the wheel of my car
and driving off, only to spot her disapproving look from one of the
windows in the attic. What was she even doing in the attic anyway? How
did she even manage to get there at her age?

My head was feeling slightly better, after two pills, but they didn’t
manage to fully fix me. I took my girlfriend to her home and went back
to mine. I was renting a small studio apartment, decently close to my
workplace, near the edge of town. It wasn’t too impressive, but at least
I could call it home. It had a good view of the path to my uncle’s
house. When I moved there, I lied to myself that if I squinted hard
enough, I could probably see the smoke coming from his chimney.

The next night, I just couldn’t sleep either. By then, it must have been
at least 48 hours since I last slept, and I was feeling the exhaustion.
It was weird. While I did rest in my bed, I just couldn’t fall asleep. I
was awake, alert, and very irritable at work. My boss even told me to
take the next day off, because I was looking like a walking corpse, in
spite of me still being able to do my job properly. Apparently, that was
not enough reason to have me scare my colleagues…

And, then again, another night when I couldn’t sleep. The third one in a
row. I was getting rest, but not sleep. It was a weird sensation,
resting without truly resting. I decided to actually take my boss up on
his offer and not go to work that day.

Somewhere around noon, I got a call from my grandma. I wasn’t in the
mood for her, especially after what happened a few days prior, which by
then felt like weeks! Something compelled me to actually answer her.

“Bad omen! Grandma used chicken bones. The forest, she is still
restless. You have harm it. The bones tell me this! You must abolish
your sins! Apologise to forest! The more you wait, the more she get
angry!”

I snapped at her. I just couldn’t take more of her bullshit! I told her
to leave me be and that there’s no such thing as spirits or omens or
whatever crap she was spewing, then hung up on her.

I felt like maybe I overreacted, but I was so done with all of that! I
told myself that maybe she did have a good point about getting some
fresh air. I wasn’t about to apologise to the wind. And for what? What
did I do?

I drove my car to the forest nearby, on a trail I often went on to ease
my nerves. It was maybe ten minutes away from where I lived, half-way to
my uncle’s place. I parked the car and started walking. The fresh air
was already calming my nerves, easing that irritation I just couldn’t
get rid of.

Maybe around fifteen minutes into my stroll, I heard a voice. There was
someone, a woman, or a girl, crying further down the path. I started
running, thinking whoever it may be might be in danger. I didn’t have
weapons on me, but at the time, I didn’t really think what I would do if
there was an actual threat there.

When I got a little closer, the voice was hers… It was definitely hers…
Alice… my love… and she was screaming my name, telling me to come quick.
I ran as fast as I could, until I found myself at the edge of a
clearing, where I stopped to see a young woman, who had the voice of
Alice, but was not Alice. She was the most beautiful creature I had ever
seen in my life, and flowers seemed to grow towards her. She was naked,
apart from moss and lichen that was covering most of her body in
strands, gently caressing her form.

She was standing in the tall grass, with some poppy flowers contrasting
with her blond hair. She turned around slowly, showing me her eyes, only
they were not her eyes, they were Alice’s eyes, a perfect copy of the
most enchanting eyes I have ever seen. I felt drawn towards her by a
force outside my control, gently pushing me to take just one more step.
But, with each step, her beauty faded, her eyes went white, her soft
hair became rough, her back arched and her face grew older, but not as
old as her voice.

“You have wrong me! You have wrong my children! You pay now!”

Hearing these words made my ears start bleeding, it was as if that
angelic voice suddenly became sandpaper and brushed against my ears. I
was terrified. I ran, but in my panic, I lost the trail. I had no idea
where I was, but she was coming. I felt it in the rustling of leaves, in
the wind that came too strong and too sudden. She was always in the
corner of my eye, switching between old and young, not giving me an
inch.

I ran until I found myself near a very abrupt hill, where I slipped on
some rocks hidden below leaves and started tumbling down. I must have
hit my head on something, because the next thing I remembered was waking
up at the bottom of it, in a cold, torrential rain. I mustn’t have been
out long, because the ground was barely starting to get moist.
Strangely, it seemed like I was no longer being chased. Did I lose her?
Was that all she wanted from me? I wasn’t really planning on finding
out.

At that point, I finally had time to get my bearings, to see where I
could go. The place seemed familiar, I was somewhere with fewer trees,
mostly an area with heavy logging, west of my uncle’s place, maybe
somewhere around thirty minutes of walking from there. How much did I
even run!? I thought that the best thing to do was to just go there,
find shelter, find a phone and maybe get someone to take me to my car,
preferably in a car, just to be sure… I thought that maybe the fact
there were fewer trees actually discouraged her from following me in
that place.

I started walking towards my uncle’s house. The storm was starting to
slow down. Not long after, to my horror, I saw some footprints.
Barefoot. Likely her footprints. And worst of all, they were headed in
the same direction I was going. I thought to myself: if she’s going
there, that’s the last place I want to be in. I thought of a clever
solution: since the footprints were so deep, and clear to spot, I could
go the exact opposite way, to follow where she came from. The worst case
scenario would be that I end up back near the trail that leads to my
car, but I would at least be far away from where she is.

My heart was pounding. I went as fast as I could go through the thick
plants and mud, barely looking around, just following those tracks. But
then, it hit me: the tracks came from a river. It was the river that
flowed north of the house. I was really close! But it didn’t matter,
because what, or more exactly who, I saw on the other side of the river
shocked me: it was her, and the tracks came out of the water and led to
her, which is when I noticed something I had not up until that point:
her feet pointed in reverse… I had been going the wrong way this whole
time… Instead of running from her, I ran towards her. But then, what was
she doing at the house?

I knew she knew I was there. I knew she knew I was too exhausted to
outrun her. Hell, I probably couldn’t outrun her even at my peak! I
tried to back up slowly, only to feel a root grow and grab my left foot
tight, then, while attempting to break it free, my right foot, then moss
and lichen came from the canopy of the tree and grabbed my hands. I
tried to break free, but it was as if my bonds were steel. I was
completely trapped.

She slowly came towards me, seemingly switching between her old form and
the new, gradually, constantly, every step a different face. She spoke
with an echo, a combination of the old and young selves, both sweet and
gentle, and booming and rough.

“You try run from punishment! You make the forest angry again! You pay
more!”

I desperately asked what I did to anger her, apologising, trying to
explain that I never intended to.

“You only apologise because caught! Like animal desperate in cage! You
hurt my child!”

I was shocked. I didn’t understand what she meant by that. What child
could she possibly mean? I don’t remember hurting any child, let alone
some supernatural forest spirit… She dragged me through the air, still
tied by the moss and the lichen, still held by the now-moving roots. We
reached the old oak. My special spot. The spot where I engraved the
heart with my name and Alice’s name in the bark, declaring our undying
love with the spilling of the sap of the tree. That was her child.

I tried to explain that I never knew her tree was sentient, that I would
never have hurt it had I known, but she did not want to listen.

“First, you steal wound that you cut into my child!”

She raised me to the spot where I had carved the heart, tore off my
shirt and placed my back exactly on the symbol. I immediately felt a
burning sensation more excruciating than any pain I had ever felt in my
life, followed by a rapid healing that hurt even more. The carving was
gone from the tree and was placed on my back.

“Now, you feel the lashes of anger from the forest!”

Without hesitation, moss and lichen started to whip me hard, leaving
bloody marks in each spot. I had to find a way to escape. I knew that if
this continued, that is where I would die. It was then that I remembered
what grandma told me when I was a child: the forest was protected by
spirits that are old and wise, but they are all the children of the
Mother. The Mother! That was her! And my grandma also told me that if
the Mother ever gets too angry for reason, there’s only one thing that
she will accept: a bargain.

I yelled for her to wait with all my breath. She stopped for a second,
in which I asked her what she would like for me to bargain with in
exchange for my life and forgiveness for what I’d done.

“You finally wiser! Still angry! You keep mark on back! You give me
child! First! With Alice! You have sixty full moons to bring child or I
take Alice!”

I was completely shocked! I hadn’t even thought about having a child
yet, let alone consider giving it to some forest spirit! But I had no
choice. I agreed to the bargain. I had sixty full moons to find a way to
escape, to get rid of her. And what if me and Alice never had a baby?
That would mean she would come for her… But was I actually considering
the idea of such a trade? There was no other way… The pain was
unbearable…

The whipping stopped abruptly. She did not hesitate for a second. A deal
was apparently something sacred to her, more important than punishing a
mortal like me.

She set me free. I limped to my uncle’s house. He took care of me,
bandaged my wounds, and helped me recover for the next four days. I
didn’t really need hospital care, as all the wounds were just
superficial and somehow nothing got infected, in spite of the mud that
had been in the wounds.

On the last day, just when I was preparing to leave, I started feeling a
scent of incense coming from the attic. I was curious what that might
have been, especially since my uncle hadn’t ever had incense. I took the
ladder from the shed, then used it to climb into the attic. There, to my
horror, I found my grandma, or what was left of her, with clear burn
marks, along with many signs of charring nearby.

The coroner said that the cause of death was a lightning strike, and she
had been dead for about a week or so, which has me questioning things
even now. When did the lightning even strike her? And how did she get in
the attic? There was no way she could move the ladder from the shed by
herself, then put it back where it was… while being dead… My uncle swore
he saw her leaving with the eastern cousins, but did find it odd she
never said goodbye to him. The cousins swore she said she’d stay with
the uncle for six more days, then take a train home.

I could never answer these questions, nor could I ever tell Alice the
entire story of what happened, of the bargain I made, of the true cost
of my release.

We buried grandma with a stake through her heart, to make sure no evil
spirits still inhabited her body. Up to that point, I had always found
the practice barbaric.

I moved to a big city, far away from that forest. Alice and I got
married. We had never planned to have a baby, but all it took was for
protection to fail once and our hearts just couldn’t bear to give up on
the little miracle. And now? Well, I’ve been writing all of this from a
bar, drinking alone. The scar on my back started burning slightly more
every day.

I just can’t let go of the photo of Alice holding our newborn in her
arms, the photo I keep in my left shirt pocket all the time.
