I don’t know where I’m typing this from. I don’t know if I’m in my own
mind, or in someone else’s, or if I’ve died and gone to Hell. All I know
for sure is that the bite on my shoulder is still bleeding, and I can’t
find the door to get out of my bedroom.

Everything started when one of my patients, the Colonel, brought his
wife, Tami, to see me. Tami was much younger than he was. White-blonde
hair and magnetic blue eyes. 

“I love my wife, Dr. Stolow,” the Colonel told me. “But she terrifies
me. One minute, she’s happy; the next, she’s flipping over tables and
threatening to kill herself.”

I told the Colonel it wasn’t ethical for me to meet with a patient’s
wife. He refused to drop the subject, though. Then he brought up my
wife, Anna.

“I couldn’t bear to lose my wife, too,” he said.

I finally agreed to begin meeting with Tami every week.

Talking to her, I learned she’d had a very traumatic childhood. She’d
been raised by an alcoholic mother who’d committed suicide when Tami was
just fifteen. As a result, Tami was terrified of being abandoned.
Desperate to be loved but never feeling like she could be.

In my few meetings with Tami, I helped her work on distress tolerance
and emotion regulation. Her mood swings seemed to improve at first, but
then during another argument with the Colonel, she hit him in the face
so hard she broke his nose.

The Colonel stormed into my office the next day. “If anything, you’ve
made her worse!” he shouted.

I calmed him down and managed to get him to explain what had happened.

“Your wife’s condition is improving, but there’s no easy cure,” I told
him. “She just needs therapy and patience and understanding.”

“You can’t just put her on Prozac or something?”

“I can refer her to a psychiatrist, but she’s refused medication.”

The Colonel told me to cancel all of his and his wife’s remaining
appointments. Then he walked out of my office, slamming the door shut
behind him.

I thought that was the last I’d ever hear from either of them. But then
a year later, the Colonel called me, begging for help. He said he’d
taken Tami to Switzerland to try a new, experimental therapy, and he
worried this therapy had severely damaged her brain.

***

The Colonel sat across from me on my sofa. He’d lost weight since I’d
last seen him. His eyes had sunk into their sockets. His skin hung
loosely from his cheeks.

“How did you hear about this Dr. Weber?” I asked him.

“A friend of mine recommended him. He said Dr. Weber’s God Helmet had
changed his life. Completely cured his depression and turned his whole
life around. I hoped this God Helmet could do the same for Tami, too.”

He handed me an envelope. Inside it was a VHS tape labeled GODHEAD.

“This is the recording of Tami’s session,” the Colonel said. “You can
see the session starts off fine, but then very quickly, it goes wrong.”

On my way home from work, I stopped at a pawn shop and bought an old VHS
player. I connected the VHS player to my TV, and then I put in the
Colonel’s tape.

Tami’s face appeared on my TV screen. She wore a metal helmet covered
with exposed wire.

Dr. Weber touched Tami’s cheeks with his leather-gloved hands.

“When I turn the helmet on, you’ll feel a slight tickling sensation
inside your head,” he told her. “Your vision will go dark, but don’t
panic. This is just temporary. When your vision returns, you’ll be
looking at Heaven. Are you ready?”

“I am.”

He turned the helmet on. As the electricity flowed through Tami’s body,
she jerked backward. Her pupils dilated and her jaw dropped open.

“Do you see anything yet?” he asked her.

“I see my mother, sitting on a bed.”

“A bed? Where?”

“In our old apartment.”

“Is she talking to you?”

“She says she’s sorry she left me. She just couldn’t stand to be in this
world anymore. The pain was just too much for her to bear. But there’s
someone else here with us now.”

The TV screen flickered with static.

“Who?” Dr. Weber asked.

“A worm. A worm that’s becoming my mom.”

The screen flickered with static again.

“My mother’s face is melting!” Tami screamed. “Please, Dr. Weber, turn
it off!”

I heard a loud whirring noise, and then the VHS player shut off.

I ejected the GODHEAD tape. The magnetic tape inside had unspooled. I
told myself that tomorrow, I’d find someone to fix it.

***

My first patient the next morning was a young woman named Georgia. She’d
recently lost her infant son. A horrible case of sudden infant death
syndrome.

She sat on my sofa, rubbing the gold cross on her necklace.

“I keep blaming myself for what happened,” she told me. “I keep
wondering what I could have done differently. If there was any way I
could have kept my son alive.”

“You couldn’t have known this would happen,” I said. “You did everything
right. There were no blankets in the crib. No toys. It was a horrible
accident.”

“But if I’d just gone back to check on him a little earlier…” She
trailed off and then began to cry.

“I know this is hard. I know it’s not fair.”

She stopped crying suddenly, and she looked up at me. “It isn’t.”

Her voice wasn’t hers anymore. It was Anna’s. My dead wife’s.  

“What did you say?” I asked, not believing what I’d heard.

“I said it isn’t fair that you’re alive, and I’m dead.”

“Anna?”

“Georgia.” Her voice was hers again. “I’m Georgia. Is everything all
right, Dr. Stolow?”

“Yes, I’m sorry.” I blushed. “I think I’m just a little tired today.”

***

I found a video transfer store that was able to fix the VHS tape. As
soon as I got home, I put the tape back in my VHS player.

Tami’s face appeared on my TV, the God Helmet on her head.

“She’s gone now,” she said. “Everything is.”

“The bedroom?” Dr. Weber asked. “Where are you now?”

“I’m in my own house now. My own bedroom. My husband is there, but he
looks different.”

“How?”

“His face is stretched. His eyes are empty. Is this really supposed to
be Heaven?”

“I don’t understand what you’re seeing. This has never happened before.”

“Can I leave?”

“Yes. I’ll shut the helmet off.”

As he stood from his chair, though, Tami started screaming again.

Dr. Weber shut the helmet off. Tami’s pupils shrank back to their normal
size.

My phone rang. I paused the tape and answered it. It was the Colonel.

“I think Tami’s had some kind of psychotic break,” he told me. “She’s in
our bedroom, banging her head against the wall. I can’t get her to
stop.”

“I’m on my way there now.”

I got into my car and drove to the Colonel’s as fast as I could. Their
housekeeper brought me upstairs to the bedroom. Tami stood next to the
bed, banging her head against the wall, just like the Colonel had said.
She’d split her forehead open. Blood poured down her face.

I slowly approached her.

“Tami, my name is Dr. Stolow. Do you remember me?”

“I’ve been looking for you,” she said. “Where have you been?”

“I’ve been at home. Your husband told me you weren’t feeling well, so I
came here to help.”

“I can’t find a way out of this room. I’ve been trapped here for hours.”

She walked along the wall, running her hands over the floral wallpaper.

“The door is right there,” I told her.

I pointed behind me at the bedroom door, but it had disappeared. It
didn’t make sense. I didn’t see the Colonel anymore, either.  

Tami slammed her head into the wall again.

“I just want to go home!” she yelled.

“Please, don’t do that,” I said.

“We’re trapped here, aren’t we? We’ll never get out.” She slammed her
head into the wall again.

“What should we do?” the Colonel asked.

He had reappeared behind me. The bedroom door had reappeared, too.

“Can you call an ambulance?” I asked him. “We need to get her to the
hospital.”

He went downstairs to call 911.

I felt light-headed, so I sat on the edge of the bed. Tami turned to me
again.

“Do you still love me?” she asked.

“I care about you very much, but you’re my patient.”

“That’s not what you said before. You said you loved me more than
anything.”

“That’s not true.”

“Liar.”

The Colonel walked back into the bedroom. “An ambulance should be here
soon,” he said.

The paramedics arrived shortly after. They sedated Tami and took her to
the hospital. I requested she be placed on a three-day psychiatric hold.

I found the Colonel in the waiting room, holding his head in his hands.
I put my hand on his shoulder.

“It’s been a long night,” I told him. “Why don’t you go home and get
some sleep?”

“What about Tami?”

“The nurses will keep an eye on her.”

“Have you watched the video I gave you?”

“I finished it tonight.”

“Do you think Dr. Weber’s God Helmet did this to her?”

“I’m not sure. How long after you returned from Switzerland did you
notice Tami’s behavior change?”

“A week later, I think.”

“What seemed different about her?”

“She started becoming lost inside the house, locking herself in rooms
and not being able to find her way back out.”

“Do you still have Dr. Weber’s number?”

He gave it to me.

***

I called Dr. Weber the next day. I described how Tami had been behaving
since his session with her.

“My God Helmet is a much-improved version of Persinger’s helmet,” he
told me. “A working version, you could say, which moves away from
magnetic fields. Tami’s experience with the helmet was very unusual.
I’ve used it with hundreds of other patients and, each time, the patient
spoke to God. They left our sessions happier and filled with
understanding. Tami’s session, though, became a nightmare.”

“How does your helmet cause these hallucinations?”

“The God Helmet emits 7.83 Hz radio waves directly into the center of a
person’s brain. The Schumann resonance. The same frequency as the Earth.
The exact resonance required to activate the pineal gland.”

The pineal gland. I realized he was crazy. Deranged. I promised myself
I’d report him to the Swiss medical authorities.

Back home from work, I put the recording of Tami’s God Helmet session
into my VHS player again. Tami’s face filled my TV screen. Dr. Weber
switched the God Helmet on. Her body shook and then her pupils dilated.

“I ordered my men to hold the line,” she said. She spoke in the
Colonel’s voice, though. “If I’d let them retreat, most of them would
have probably lived, but then I might have died, too.”

“Are you afraid of dying?” Dr. Weber asked.

“I’m terrified of it.”

The TV flickered with static. Tami’s face distorted for a moment but
then went back to normal.

She described talking to her dead mother, just like before. The same
nightmare.

Am I going crazy? I wondered.

I turned off the TV and went to bed.

***

At 2:00 AM, I woke to a phone call. It was a nurse from the hospital.

“Tami’s escaped,” she told me.

“How?”

“She managed to get her restraints off somehow, and then she jumped
through a window.”

I heard muffled footsteps in my living room. I thanked the nurse and
then ended the call.

“Tami, is that you?” I asked.

A woman began crying.

I went into the living room and turned on the lights.

Tami sat on my sofa, still wearing a hospital gown. Her arms and legs
were covered with bloody scratches.

“What are you doing here?” I asked her.

“I’ve been looking everywhere for you.”

“We need to go back to the hospital.”

“Can’t we just spend a bit of time together first?”

She stood and tried to kiss me, but I pushed her away.

“What are you doing?” I asked.

“What’s wrong?”

“You’re my patient.”

“That’s never stopped you before.”

“What are you talking about?”

I sat on the sofa and rubbed my temples. Tami sat next to me.

“It’s this place,” she told me. “It feeds on our memories. It eats the
happy ones until all that’s left is pain.”

Static crackled on the TV.

“You told me you loved me,” she said. “You’d leave your wife, you said.
I’d leave the Colonel. We’d run away and start a new life together.”

“That’s not true.”

My own face appeared on the TV screen. I wore the God Helmet on my head.
Dr. Weber placed his leather-gloved hands on my cheeks.

“Tell me what you see, Dr. Stolow,” he said.

“I see the car crash. I’m sitting in the driver’s seat, upside down. The
windshield is shattered. There’s blood everywhere.”

“Where’s Anna?”

“She’s in the seat beside me. Blood is pouring from her mouth.”

The TV screen flickered and then went black.

Tami stood and took my hand. “We need to leave,” she told me. “I can
feel it getting closer.”

“What?”

“Come on. We don’t have much time.”

She led me toward the front door.

“But we need to go back to the hospital,” I said.

“Then let’s go.”

She opened my front door, but I didn’t see my yard. Instead, I saw an
empty hallway that seemed to go on for miles.   

Tami ran into it.

“Wait!” I yelled.

I ran after her, but she was running much faster than I was, moving
farther and farther away from me.

I heard something breathing behind me. I didn’t look back.

“Tami!” I yelled. “Where did you go?”

“I’m here.”

She reached through a doorway and pulled me into my office. Georgia sat
on my sofa, smiling.

How could this be possible?

My phone rang.

***

I woke up back in my bed again. My phone was ringing. I answered it.

“Tami’s escaped from the hospital,” the Colonel told me.

“How long ago?”

“The nurses just realized she was missing. I think she’s come back to
the house. I can hear someone upstairs in the attic.”

“I’m on my way now.”

I got dressed and then drove to his house. He was waiting for me at the
door. We went up to the attic together. He shone his flashlight over the
old furniture and cobweb-covered cardboard boxes.

“Tami, are you up here?” he asked.

As he brought his flashlight toward the window, I saw her sitting on the
floor, rocking herself back and forth. She was still wearing her
hospital gown. Her arms were covered with bloody scratches.

“This isn’t real,” she said. “It’s all a dream, but I don’t know how to
wake up from it.”

I slowly walked toward her. “Wake up from what, Tami?”

“From this nightmare.”

“We need to take you back to the hospital.”

“I can’t go back there again.”

“Why not?”

“Because that’s where it is.”

“Where what is, Tami?” the Colonel asked.

“The parasite.”

Suddenly, Tami ran toward the window.

“Stop!” I yelled.

I tried to stop her, but I didn’t move fast enough.

Tami jumped through the windowpane. The glass shattered across the
floor.

When I looked through the window, I didn’t see her corpse, though. I saw
the same hallway I’d seen before.

“This is a dream,” I said.

“You’re not dreaming,” the Colonel told me.

“Then what’s happening?”

“The God Helmet. You’re still trapped inside it.”

“How do you know?”

“Because I’m trapped in it, too. All of us are.”

“I don’t remember going to Switzerland.”

“You and Tami made a vacation out of it, remember? You wanted a week
alone to fuck each other as much as you could.”

“That’s not true.”

He dropped the flashlight and took a gun out from his jacket. “I asked
you for help, and you stole my wife.”

I raised my hands. “I haven’t done anything! I swear!”

The gun shook in his hands. “I told you how much I loved her, didn’t I?
How much she meant to me?”

“I’ve done nothing wrong!”

He pressed the barrel of the gun against his own head.

“What are you doing?” I yelled.

The gunshot blared. His head turned into static.

Suddenly, I was in my car, driving on a street near my house.

“Be careful,” Anna said. “You’re swerving. Are you sure you’re okay to
drive?”

“I’m fine.”

“Did you see her today? Is that why you were drinking so much?”

I brought the car back into my lane. I fixed my eyes on the road. I
didn’t see the stop sign, though.

Another car appeared in front of us. I slammed my foot on the brakes.

The tires screeched. The car flipped over. I hung upside down from my
seatbelt.

I looked over at Anna. Her face was covered with blood.

“It’s not fair,” she told me. “Why do you get to live, and I have to
die?”

***

“Dr. Stolow? Do you hear me? Can you open your eyes?”

Dr. Weber looked down at me. I was lying in a hospital bed.

“What’s happening?” I asked.

“I’m not sure. You lost consciousness during our session. After the God
Helmet opened your pineal gland, something else seems to have entered
your mind.”

“But it’s gone now?”

“I think so.”

Tami walked into the room. “You’re finally awake? I’ve been worried sick
about you.” She kissed my forehead.

“What are you doing here?” I asked.

“We came here together. Don’t you remember?”

“He seems to have a bit of amnesia,” Dr. Weber told her. “We should let
him rest.”

They left the room and closed the door.

Tami had been my patient for a year, I remembered. I’d invited her out
for coffee. Told her how I felt about her. Then we began a relationship.

Anna had found out three weeks before the crash. We’d been arguing about
it while we were driving home that night.

I’d heard about the God Helmet from a colleague of mine. He’d tried the
helmet himself, and he swore he’d talked to God.

He called the helmet a miracle.

I brought Tami to Switzerland so she could try it. Finally, a cure, I
thought. A new Tami. A fixed Tami.

We’d start a new life together.

Tami called a taxi to take us back to our hotel.

“How long have I been in the hospital?” I asked her.

“Two days.”

“You must have been scared.”

“I’ve been terrified.”

I put my hand on hers. “I’m so sorry this happened.”

“It’s not your fault.”

“You’re still having a good trip?”

“I am now.” She kissed me and then looked through her window. “Bern is
such a beautiful city. But we still have a few days to explore.”

The taxi parked at our hotel, and we went inside. We took the elevator
up to our room. When the elevator doors opened again, though, I saw my
office.

“What is this?” I asked.

But Tami had disappeared.

I walked to my desk and sat down. On the wall, next to my sofa,
Dr. Weber’s God Helmet hung from a hook.

Someone knocked on my door.

“Hello?” I asked.

“I’m here for our appointment.” It was Georgia.

“Come in.”

She came into my office and sat on my sofa. “How are you feeling today,
Dr. Stolow?”

“Not that great. What about you?”

“I’m feeling much better. You were right. Talking to God really helped
me understand why my son is dead.”

“You’ve tried the helmet?”

“During our last session, remember?”

She smiled at me. Underneath her skin, the outline of a worm stretched
from one arm to another, twisting through her face.

“This can’t be real,” I said.

“Your memories taste so good,” she told me. “All your happiness. All
your hopes and dreams.” She licked her lips.

“What are you?”

“You’d never understand. You couldn’t.”

The walls of my office collapsed, revealing a much larger room behind
it. An insane asylum filled with screaming people.  

Tami. The Colonel. Anna. Other versions of them. Other versions of me.

When I looked at Georgia again, her face had gone back to normal. She
held an infant in her arms. She brought the infant to her mouth and
started eating it.

Bones crunched. Blood splattered onto her dress.

Her eyes rolled back in ecstasy.

“Dr. Weber!” I yelled. “Do you hear me? If you hear me, please let me
out!”

Georgia stood and walked toward me, her face covered with blood.

I backed away from her. “Stop. What are you doing?”

She lunged toward me. Dug her teeth into my shoulder. 

I screamed in pain.

***

I woke up in my bed.

My phone was ringing. I answered it. It was the Colonel.

“Tami’s escaped from the hospital,” he told me.

I dropped my phone on the floor.

My shoulder was throbbing.

I went to the bathroom and took off my shirt. Somebody had bitten a
chunk of flesh off my collarbone. The marks left behind on my skin
weren’t from the teeth of a grown woman, though. They were the teeth of
a child.

When I came back out of the bathroom, my bedroom door was gone. I’ve
been walking around my bedroom for hours now, trying to find a way out,
but I can’t.

If anyone else has put on Dr. Weber’s God Helmet and found a way back
out, please tell me how to leave this place.
