When I was in my teen years I had the sense that I was invincible. I
always felt as if nothing could harm me and I was immune to death,
causing me to do a lot of idiotic things.

As I grew older I started to realize how stupid that really is, nobody’s
safe from deaths grasp no matter how much you’re teenage ego will tell
you otherwise. I start my introduction like this to give you an idea of
why I acted the way I did with what I’m about to tell you. I was young
and dumb and most people don’t truly understand how dangerous that can
be. Unfortunately I had to learn the hard way.

On my 17th birthday I arranged a small party with my 3 best friends and
my parents just so happened to be on vacation. I had the house to myself
and even got my parents permission to throw a small party in the house
since they felt bad for having to miss my birthday.

It was my birthday on a Friday night with the house to myself and my
friends so I was ready for a fun night.

I met Dean, Lucas and Matt in elementary school and we formed a small
friend circle. I met Dean in our fourth grade English class and he
introduced me to his other two close friends, Lucas and Matt. Dean and
Lucas were usually outgoing and extroverted, while Matt was usually the
quiet one but he was always up for anything. They used to call me Rob
the knob, not sure how they came up with that or what it meant but it
was my nickname to them so I just accepted it.

We were complete troublemakers together, and when we became teenagers it
became a lot worse. We were a group of druggies in by our high school
years, constantly skipping class to get high, staying up all night
drinking, smoking and doing pretty much anything we could get our hands
on. Deans brother was a dealer and would sell us anything he had for
half the price. Looking back I can’t believe our parents never suspected
a thing, but that was all apart of the fun.

Dean was the first one to arrive, then almost an hour later Lucas and
Matt showed up at the same time. They both walked through the door with
shit eating grins on their faces, and I could tell by the way they were
walking, they were already three sheets in the wind.

I won’t bore you with the details of how the party went but the
important thing is at some point Dean came up with the idea of playing
manhunt in the woods behind my house. If I wasn’t completely shitfaced
by this point, I would have laughed at him. It was around midnight,
almost pitch black outside and the woods I lived around were absolutely
huge. It goes off into a forest miles upon miles deep and I’ve never
wanted to go too far out because I knew I’d get lost.

“Manhunt? In the woods? At midnight? What are you talking about man” I
said stuttering over my words.

Dean laughed way harder than he should have.

“Come on Rob don’t your parents have flashlights? Think about it, we
could call it ‘flashlight manhunt in the woods’ or something.”

I looked over at Lucas and Matt for guidance, but they were in on it
too.

“Nah that’s a good idea! Dean just presented us with a world changing
game, something nobody has ever done before, probably. We should do it
I’m in” said Lucas.

Lucas punched Matt lightly on the shoulder and he nodded his head in
agreement. It was a three against one, there was no way I could chicken
out.

“Fine but the seeker gets another person to seek with, there’s no way
I’m walking around in there alone with nothing but a flashlight.”

Lucas quite literally pointed and laughed at me as if to mimic a bully
in an old high school movie and Matt pushed him over and Lucas fell on
the floor and I pointed and laughed at him back, mocking him.

As Lucas struggled to get up, Matt reached into the cooler full of booze
and liquor I stole from my parents and poured a shot of vodka and handed
it over to me.

“Maybe this will encourage you” he said shoving the glass in my face.

I looked at it for a few seconds before rolling my eyes and reluctantly
taking it. I really did not want to do this. We were a group of drunk
teenagers about to wander the woods alone with flashlights, everything
about this was a bad idea. At the time I was far more concerned about
not wanting to be a pussy then for our safety, but again I was young and
stupid.

Eventually after scavenging the house for 20 minutes, I found us four
different flashlights. One of which was awful compared to the others.
The first three I grabbed were especially bright, projecting a huge
bright circle while the other had a dull small yellowish light. I went
to give Dean the bad flashlight and he immediately knew what I was
doing.

“Take it Dean, this was your idea”.

He scoffed.

“Give it to Lucas over here” he jabbed a thumb at him. “He laughed at
you”.

I presented the flashlight to him again with a grin on my face. After
staring me down for a couple of seconds he muttered something about me
being a dick and snatched it from my hand.

“So how are we going to do this” asked Matt.

Dean perked up.

“You never played manhunt in the dark? It’s easy, whoever is seeking
will be using the flashlight to find the hiders, and the hiders have to
hide in the dark”

I opened my mouth to interject but Dean interrupted me before I could
say a word.

“Yes there will be two seekers, if that’s the only way you’ll agree to
play”.

I nodded.

Dean slapped me on the back and we walked outside to the backyard and I
looked into the forest. It was quiet and dark in there. It was setting
me on edge. I tried to brush it off as paranoia from the excessive
amount of alcohol in my system, but it was difficult.

“Alright group leader who’s hiding and who’s seeking?” I said to Dean.

“Rob, you and Lucas will seek and me and Matt will hide”.

“Why are we the seekers?” I said.

“Because I said so, I’m the group leader right?”

“Fuck you” I spat.

Dean laughed.

“Karmas a bitch. Maybe don’t give me the shitty light next time”.

Me and Lucas looked at each other and I shrugged.

“Alright fine, but don’t go past the shed” I said.

Matt and Dean nodded and booked it towards the woods, me and Lucas
looking away so we can’t track the lights. I gave them way too much
space to hide. The shed protruded at least a hundred feet into the woods
which normally would be fine but we were in the pitch dark, the sky
seemed oddly blacker than usual that night.

A feeling of dread was slowly creeping up on me, so intense the effects
of the alcohol were vanishing. I had no idea why I was so on edge and it
scared me even more. I was completely zoned out, unaware that Lucas was
trying to talk to me.

“Rob? ROB?! What’s up with you?”

My head shot up.

“What? Sorry I was zoning out.”

“You’re fine dude. It’s time for us to go look.”

I started towards the woods without a word, Lucas by my side. We barely
just passed a few trees before needing our lights. They were pretty
bright so that made me feel somewhat better.

“Man this is some horror movie shit.” Lucas said, nervously laughing.

He wasn’t wrong. The only sounds around were the chirping of crickets
and leafs crunching on the ground, and we were surrounded by blackness.
Anything could creep up on us at any point.

“Yeah this is why I wasn’t on board with this.”

We walked around in silence for a few minutes, beaming our lights in
every direction we could. Eventually we were certain we covered the
entire area.

“Do you think those idiots went past the shed?” Lucas said with a hint
of annoyance in his voice.

I agreed. “Yeah they might’ve. Dean probably convinced Matt to do it.”

“We should split up and go look for them. If this takes too long we can
text them and tell them to come back.”

Lucas saw from the look on my face that I didn’t want to do it. But he
insisted.

“We’ll be alright man, you’re just paranoid. I have my phone on me so
you can always call if you need anything. Plus these flashlights are
bright as hell.”

He had a point so I agreed to split up. If they did end up going past
the shed it would take us a while to find them anyway. I didn’t want to
be alone but I was afraid of admitting it so I accepted defeat.

“Alright. You stay in the shed area and double check, they might have
found a god spot or something so maybe we missed them. I’ll go out in
the woods and look for them, just call me if you need me or if you find
them.” I said. Lucas nodded in agreement and we began walking in
opposite directions.

I felt the absence of my friend instantly. It was very quiet in there
and I felt as if I was being swallowed by the darkness, even with the
flashlight. I searched different corners, behind trees and bushes but I
still couldn’t find anyone. I pulled out my phone and texted Dean.

‘Did you dumb fucks go past the shed?’

He replied only a couple seconds later.

’Don’t know. Come find us’

I was pissed. I had a feeling they would break the rules and now the
game was going to take a lot longer than I anticipated, all because they
couldn’t handle one simple demand.

I was in the middle of typing my reply when I heard the faint sound of
leaves crunching on my right. I pointed my flashlight directly towards
the noise but saw nothing. It was Dean or Matt, i was certain of it.

I cautiously walked towards the noise, overly aware of every step I was
taking. I didn’t want them to hear me coming. I heard it again but this
time right in front of me. I shot my flashlight over to the sound and a
wave of confusion mixed with terror hit me hard.

I didn’t see anyone, but I did see something.

Connecting between two trees fairly distant from each other, I saw a
web. It was made of all kinds of different colored strings and drenched
in what I only could assume was super glue and when I saw what was in
the center of it, I staggered back horrified.

Laying in the middle of the strange web, I saw a raccoon. It laid there
on its back unmoving, long dead. Its stomach was torn open and its
organs and insides were removed. I was overwhelmed with so many
different emotions that I didn’t notice the stench. After I stood there
completely paralyzed for a couple seconds, it hit me hard. I can’t
really describe it, but if anyone has ever passed fresh roadkill while
you’re driving then you’ll have a vague idea of what I mean.

I snapped out of my trance and turned around. I pointed my flashlight
across the trees, covering my nose with my shirt and saw at least ten
more webs, all with other kinds of dead animals suffering the same fate
as the raccoon. I was standing in a small opening with the webs
surrounding me in every direction. Laying in the center of the opening
was a massive pile of fresh raw meat, all squished together to form a
huge ball of different organs and intestines. Whoever had done this had
to have taken them months to put this together.

I didn’t know what to do, I had never seen anything like this. For some
reason my first instinct was to call Dean and cancel the game, but I
couldn’t bring myself to pull out my phone. I’ve always hated the phrase
‘paralyzed with fear’ but at that moment, I understood. It’s a very real
thing and I don’t wish it upon anyone.

Another leaf crunched somewhere on my left and my fight or flight
instincts kicked in immediately and I ran. I ran faster than I’ve ever
ran in my life back to the shed. When I made It, I couldn’t find Lucas
anywhere. I whipped out my phone and called him as fast as i physically
could, and as I did I heard a faint buzzing sound coming from behind the
shed. I ran over to the noise and saw the source.

To this day I wish I never looked.

I found Lucas, but had not found him alive. His face looked like a mess
of red mashed potatoes and he had a cinder block drenched in his blood
sitting right beside him. His head had been beaten into the block
several times until he died an agonizing, painful death and I was too
far to hear it.

His phone was buzzing in his pocket.

I couldn’t process what i was seeing, all I could do in that moment was
try to wake him up. I did everything I could, but he just wouldn’t wake
up. My friend was dead, and he died right in my backyard.

Just then I saw something ahead of me. A yellowish light.

Dean.

I ran towards the light feeling guilty for leaving my friend, but I
didn’t know what to do. I was too young to handle the situation properly
and so I didn’t know how to help. All that was on my mind in this moment
was finding Dean and Matt, getting Lucas to a hospital and getting out
of here. I would call the police immediately after I found them. What I
should have done originally was call them as soon as I saw Lucas’s body.

But I didn’t.

The light only flashed for a second before it was gone again. I risked
calling out for him.

“DEAN. MATT. WHERE ARE YOU?!”

I got no reply. I called Dean’s phone and he picked up on the first
ring.

“DEAN?! Where are you guys we have to get out of here now.” My voice
sounding helpless.

I heard wind and rustling in the background but he didn’t say anything.

“DEAN I NEED YOU TO TALK TO ME. LUCAS IS DEAD WE HAVE TO GO AND CALL THE
COPS!”

I knew someone was in here with us, but I was panicking so badly I
couldn’t control how loud my voice was.

“Rob, man I think I’m about to die.”

He sounded like he was crying.

“I just watched Matt get killed, I couldn’t help him. Someone’s in here
man and he’s looking for me”

“What? What do you mean you watched Matt get killed?”

Dean sobbed out his next words.

“I don’t have time to explain right now Rob, where are you?”

I was confused. Did he not just see me? I was in the area where I had
seen his flashlight. Just then, I realized.

“Dean. Do you have your flashlight?”

He took a few moments to respond, more calmly than before.

“No I dropped it. I had to run and I dropped it by mistake. I have no
idea where I am.”

I almost dropped the phone. I don’t know how I didn’t notice this
before. If he was near me then I would have been able to hear him while
he was talking to me, but I couldn’t.

I saw the light go off again in the distance, much further this time.
Just then, Dean spoke again.

“Did you see that light go off?”

“Yes. I think whoever’s in here has your flashlight. I’m going to flash
mine and I need you to run towards it and follow me” I whispered.

“Alright. Alright I can do that.” He was holding back more tears, I
could tell.

I took a deep breath and quickly prepared myself to run for my life.

I flashed my light into the sky and I heard running footsteps heading in
my direction, I could do nothing but wait until he caught up with me.
The closer the noises got, the more anxious I became. I then heard him
scream. I pointed my light towards the noise just in time to see Dean
getting dragged into the darkness behind him. I ran to him as fast as my
legs would allow, but I couldn’t keep up. I had lost him. Whoever had
him was fast. I shouted his name numerous times but he didn’t respond.

In a panic, I frantically searched around with my light but I couldn’t
find him. The silence was terrifying, my mind igniting with all kinds of
different situations he might be in, and it frightened me even more.
Suddenly I heard a noise on my left, like something being dropped into
the leaves. I looked down at what it was.

It was Dean’s light.

I looked at it, frozen. The fear I was in at that moment was unlike
anything I’ve ever felt. It was quiet, complete silence and I felt a
pair of eyes on me. I hesitantly looked up in front of where the light
had been dropped and saw who had done it.

I saw a tall man, barely visible in the dark. He had to be only 10 feet
in front of me. He wore a blood stained white suit with jeans and I saw
in his hand, he was holding Dean’s phone. We stood staring at each other
in silence for the longest few seconds of my life. He had a look of pure
madness on his face. I watched in horror as he slowly lifted up the
phone and snapped a picture of me. That was enough for me.

I was helpless, I wanted to go save my friends and find them but I was
an unarmed 17 year old and this man stood at least 2 feet taller than
me. I did the only thing I thought I could do. I’m ashamed to admit it
but I ran. I ran away from my friends and the man who just murdered
them. I didn’t hear any rustling or the crunching of leaves behind me,
he wasn’t even chasing after me.

Eventually my house came into view and I ran inside and called the
police, then my parents. The rest of that night was a blur, I only
remember being a mess of emotions as I explained to the cops that my
friends were murdered in the forest behind my house.

I described the man as best I could to the police but they never found
him, but they did find my friends.

They were butchered to nearly unidentifiable states lying in three
different webs in the same clearing I saw with the animals. The man had
done the same thing to them as he did to the raccoon and all the other
animals, their stomachs cleanly split open with all insides removed. He
had put duct tape over their mouths, decapitated them and placed their
heads on the top of the meat pile in the center, Lucas being the only
one to die before he got taken.

The police predicted the man trapped my friends in the webs and tortured
them until they eventually died. I can’t imagine what they possibly went
through, and it was my fault.

My parents came back the next morning and showered me hugs and love, but
I didn’t deserve it. By running off and leaving them to die, I almost
wish he took me along with them. We moved a few days after my parents
came home, far away across the country and I wasn’t allowed to attend my
friends funerals, but I understood why.

I’ve never recovered from that night and I’ve never made any new
friends. The guilt I live with will carry on with me for the rest of my
life.

Whatever was left of my innocence was stolen from me on my 17th
birthday, and there will be no justice for my friends. As far as I know
this man is still out there. I don’t know why he did what he did or why
he didn’t take me with them, but I don’t think I want to know. It won’t
matter now anyway.

I barely go outside now. I’ve tried to make other friends but nothing
compares to what me Dean Lucas and Matt had. We were a team together, we
had a special bond you can only experience with your very first friends.
And that got stripped away from me.

I share this in hopes of people learning from my mistakes and idiocy. If
you have a gut feeling about something, it’s better to listen to it.

If only I had, maybe things would have turned out different.
