It was around the end of 6^(th) grade when I stopped attending birthday
parties. I’d like to imagine that as the kids around me grew older, they
felt less pestered by their mothers to invite their entire classes to
parties on their birthdays And I was just outside of all their tight
knit circles so I never got invited to go. But honestly, I don’t think
that’s quite the case and the more I think about it, the more I remember
exactly why I stopped attending all those years ago.

This story came back to me around a month ago or so and it’s been
driving me up a wall just thinking about it since. I’ve been pacing and
losing sleep for weeks trying to remember every little thing about that
night. I even started up my meds again; I had to lie to get them, but I
was just hoping it would help me jog any memories my mind has all but
buried away.

 When I first remembered that night, I was having a get together with my
friend at a bar in downtown Ogden. We were just trying to burn off a
terrible workday with some fun when my buddy asked me a question that
threw me for a loop. He asked what the worst day I had ever experienced
was, because surely I’d had a worse day out there than the one we’d just
had. I snorted at him the way I always do at dumb questions and opened
my mouth to find I had no idea how to answer him. I was plainly stumped
by it. It was a question I had never even given a thought to before; and
now here I was thinking long and hard about it. I thought for so long my
buddy just moved on and asked me something else; I don’t remember what.
I just remember it was like something was nipping at the edges of my
brain trying to jog it.

That’s sort of when the night began to blur and after an hour or so I
asked for my check. I’d had my fourth round at this point and just as I
was handing over my card when it hit me. I mean it really hit me, like a
truck. All at once it was there just as though the memory had always
been. I remembered and then I got quiet, I mean real hushed. I turned
stiffly to my buddy who was loaded and I leaned close to him. I swear he
jumped when he caught me from the corner of his eye. I didn’t blame the
poor soul though; I probably looked just about halfway to hell at that
point. And when he grinned all awkward at me, I swear I smiled wider
then I’d ever had before then. I waved him closer, sort of giddy and a
little anxious at the idea of telling him a real shaking story.
Hesitantly, he complied.  I whispered harshly in his ear, “I think I
just about remember a day worse than this.” That’s when I told him about
the game.

It was called Ghosts in The Graveyard, and we played it just about every
time there was a party on the block. Playing it was as normal in our
area as going to church on Sunday. All the kids loved it, including me,
but I never got picked to be it when we played. Probably cause the kids
who we saw as head of the house didn’t like me as much as the other
kids. See I was quiet and awkward particularly when I was young, due to
being born about a month premature and nearly dying in the process. I
like to say now that my first act in life was trying to leave it, but at
the time it didn’t feel so funny.

Anyway, all’s to say that the doctors told me it made me a little
special, you know. The other kids never liked that about me, I was
always off in my own little world who knows where, and I had a hard time
remembering things like names and such. I could never quite connect with
any of them cause of it, except for this one girl Allie who was sort of
funny like me. Unlike me though, she was popular and had lots of
friends. I remember it was at her house where it happened. She was
turning twelve or so I think and had quite the large party for it. I bet
it was the last big party ever held in that neighborhood.

There were about 13 of us kids there that night with around half an acre
to use for our nightly games. 13 kids and I knew only one of them, Allie
herself. That was it. I was hoping to spend the night playing with her,
but she was busy that day talking to this boy she fancied named Matt.
Matt was this new kid on the block. He was tall and scrawny with the
fuzziest white hair I’d ever seen. I hated him; he was mean and there
was something terrible about him. But Allie sure did like the kid, I
still can’t tell you why.

The party started around noon and once everyone had arrived, we played
an indoor game to start, while waiting for it to get darker out. After
much decision making, the group landed on the idea to play this game we
called haunted house. Kids would walk through a makeshift haunted house
made by the others in groups of two and everyone else would try to scare
them. Whoever scared them first won.

When it was my turn to go through, I knew I’d break immediately, I was
an easy scare back then and to this day, I still am. I was less than
thrilled when my chosen partner turned out to be Matt and not Allie, but
I listened when they shooed the two of us upstairs so we couldn’t hear
their scheming. It was dimming outside and it wouldn’t be long before we
went out to play. I tried to focus on the window and not Matt who was
sitting next to me. He sounded a little sick at that point. He was
coughing and breathing funny like something was stuck in his throat.
After a minute it got so hoarse that I was about ready to ask if he was
alright. But when I turned to face him, he hacked loud into his hand and
just like that he sounded normal again. He stared at me with his wide
blue eyes and I glanced away feeling silly but desperately
uncomfortable.

A few minutes later the kids called us down to begin our descent into
the haunted house and as we made our way down the dark hallway, Matt
began breathing all funny again. It wasn’t quite noticeable at first, at
least not until he was resting his head face down on my shoulder. I
didn’t know how he’d even gotten there, or when he’d managed to lean
close enough to do it, but now he was there. People were still trying to
scare us by grabbing at our ankles and jumping out from corners. One
girl pretended to be some sort of monster, babbling and clawing at the
air by my face. but my attention was no longer on them. The only thing
scaring me in that moment was Matt.

I was shuffling along, too frightened and uncomfortable to say a single
word to Matt or anyone else. Nobody seemed to notice or care about him
resting on my shoulder like that. It was so un real, he was so much
taller than me, at least a foot or so. I couldn’t tell you how he did
it, and his head was so heavy. I was starting to sweat a little from the
weight of it. Finally, I couldn’t take it anymore and I begun saying
something when he grabbed my hand and squeezed it real tight. His
fingers were so cold against my skin and I cried out in pain and shock.

“I did it!” Some girl from down at my side shouted. “I made her scream,
that means I win!” A collective groan of disappointment sounded from the
rest of the kids as they all shuffled out from their spots and began
regrouping. I blinked; the room was suddenly filled with light, and
everyone was talking about what to do next. Matt was no longer resting
on my shoulder. I blinked away a tear and stood there watching as they
all chattered amongst themselves. After that we were called upstairs by
Allies mother for presents.

I wish the night had stopped there, I really do but after all the
presents had been opened and the cake was eaten, we all went outside to
play the long awaited game. The rules as we played them were simple,
here’s how I remember them going; there was one person who was the ghost
and everyone else had to hide from them. They’d close their eyes and
count to 10, and everyone would pick a spot to hide. Then the ghost
would walk around the yard, and if they got too close to you, you had to
leap up and shout “Ghost in the graveyard!” then everyone runs as fast
as they can and finds a new spot to hide. If the ghost tags you, you
became the new ghost and the game would repeat. It was simple but fun
and anyone, even me, could play it.

I was scared to play, but I thought that as long as I kept my distance
from Matt, I’d be okay. We played a few rounds till it became dark out.
When it came time for the final round Matt had been tagged and was it. I
felt troubled by this, and I hid in the bushes at the far end of the
yard, trying to put as much distance possible between me and him. It was
getting real dark out at this point, and I knew we’d be close to calling
it soon. Once the crickets came out, so did the mosquitoes and none of
us were fond of getting bit. It was a little chilly that day and I
rubbed my arms, feeling goose bumps as I did.

My breath was hot against my knees, I’d squeezed myself into quite the
uncomfortable position, but I was well hidden. At least I thought so. I
listened for the counting and heard squealing laughter in the distance
then shushing. After a few minutes, I dazed out, thinking about whatever
was on my mind and only coming back when someone all the way across the
lawn shouted, “Ghost in the graveyard!” Upon hearing the phrase, I
awkwardly sprung up expecting to see the other kids running in all
different directions from the ghost. Instead, my vision was filled with
Matt’s very, close face.

My heart nearly jumped out of my chest and my legs gave way as I failed
to leap properly to my feet. I hit the ground hard, my chin slamming
against the grass. I rubbed my face and scrambled to my knees, looking
up at Matt in wide eyed terror. Matt crouched down, moving like water.
He was so fast and before I knew it, he’d tapped me in the center of my
chest with his hand. It was gentle but it hit my sternum and stung a
little. I rubbed where he had poked me and shivered a little. I know it
was dark out, I know it was and sometimes that plays with your mind, but
at that moment, he’d just looked so overly giddy. Like, he’d just
received the best news of his life. He couldn’t have possibly looked
happier. If he had, his face would have torn right then and there. That
I am sure of.

“It’s your turn.” He says to me, “You’re the ghost.”

“You hurt me,” I says to him but he just sits there waiting for me to
get to my feet. I slowly rise up still tending to where he’d poked me
and trying to make out his expression in the dark. It’s twisting and
dancing like all faces do at night but somehow it feels different. It
looks all jumbled. I guess the best way to describe it is that his face
is like rippling water, and it’s reflecting what it sees back at it. I
just stand there for a moment staring at him before he talks again.

“Count.” He says.

“What?” But then I remember the game and my mouth quivers a little.

“Close your eyes and count.” He says. He doesn’t sound threatening, but
I can’t help but take it as such.

 I squeeze my eyes shut as tight as I possibly can hoping he will just
run off. But I can hear him walking closer to me now. I don’t dare move.
“One…” I says timidly. The tears start coming now, they’re hot I don’t
even lift a hand to wipe them away; I just keep counting. “6…” He’s
right in front of me now, I could feel his breath on my face. I could
hear it too, that raspy sound like someone trying to clear bile from
their throat. It stinks like something awful; I can still smell it if I
try. Then after what feels like forever, I reach 10 and I hear a shuffle
of feet bounding away from me in large strides.

I don’t open my eyes, not for a bit. I’m just standing there trembling,
and whimpering, feeling an awful lot like a fool, because there’s no way
I’ve seen or heard whatever I think I did. It’s all in my head because
I’m special like the doctor says and my head plays tricks on me. I keep
telling myself that. Then, slowly, my eyes peel open. It’s so dark out,
I can barely make out the outline of yard. I slowly turn, surveying the
thick dark, then I pick a direction and walk. I check at each little
stop or hiding spot for someone, expecting to see at least something.
Expecting to see Matt leap out and shout at me, but he doesn’t. None of
them ever do.

I searched the entire yard from top to bottom, but nobody ever came out.
Not even Allie. That was the last time I saw any of those kids. Then
after that I don’t remember anything. It’s just gone. When I told my
buddy about this, he about pissed himself laughing. I says to him that
it’s true and I remember most of it just not all because my minds a
little off.

But it’s clear not a single thing I’ve told him has stuck. After that I
didn’t share my story with no one else, at least not until my Nephew
John came over to help with some plumbing. When I told him my story, he
says to me there are people in places like this who may know something
about this game. People who won’t think I’m so crazy. So, I thought I
might give it a shot and post here. I ain’t too skilled with this sort
of online work but I’m running out of places to go and things to search
for. So please if anyone has heard of this game, or if anyone’s
experienced a thing like I did, let me know.

 
