To get to work I usually just take the bus, it’s not too far from my
office but it’s a bit of a walk. Recently though, I’ve been taking a
shortcut that’s been saving me a minute just by cutting through a small
alleyway from the backdoor of my office.

The problem is that there tends to be a few homeless people loitering
there. (I mean, I don’t like calling them a “problem” but it’s
unpleasant.) I don’t mind it too much, but when I’m leaving work really
late the alley does get more crowded. There’s a bit of rain shelter from
some fire exits hanging above the street, and I guess it just feels
safer to sleep there? I don’t know, I’ve never been homeless before.

Anyways, I’m walking through this alleyway and a homeless man is on high
alert, his eyes dart to me immediately. Normally my face is cold enough
for me to not be bothered, but there was some kind of desperation behind
his voice. Beside him was a dog, I don’t know dog breeds, but if I had
to guess… some kind of lab?

This man urged me to take his dog, saying ‘Charlie’ deserved a better
life, one that he could no longer support. I was honestly going to
ignore him, like I do to most of these people, but I guess the guilt
kind of moved me a bit. I ended up taking Charlie home and just put him
in my living room, planning on taking him to the vet the next morning.
If he shat everywhere? Oh well. It was too late now to change my mind.

I locked the door behind me, went to sleep, and that was all. I’ve never
owned any animals before, so I’m not going to lie, I had no idea what I
was doing at all.

Luckily the next day was Saturday so I had time to take Charlie to the
vet. I kind of dreaded the bill, but I had no family to support, so it
wouldn’t hit me too hard. Something was… kind of strange about this dog
though. At first I assumed it was just malnutrition, but the dog was
eerily quiet. So I’m just thinking he just didn’t have enough energy or
something. (That was also why I assumed this dog barely moved). I just
hoped there was nothing severely wrong with him so I wouldn’t be charged
like 15k for dog surgery. Honestly, if it came to that I would just put
him down (sorry homeless guy).

But when I took him to the vet, they told me there was nothing wrong
with him. Gave him some shots, told me not to walk him until he gets the
rest, and I was on my way. Charlie didn’t act like how I assumed dogs
did, he didn’t really wag his tail, nor did he seem interested in other
dogs at all. Maybe he’s old? Honestly, I feared I had adopted a dying
dog. But he was pretty low maintenance, so maybe it would work out… I
don’t know.

When I gave him some kibble, he barely touched it. For a starving dog, I
didn’t think he would be picky. I had some leftovers and tried to feed
him that as well, but still nothing. The vet said there was nothing
wrong with him, so why did he refuse everything?

I bought a toy for him too, and he didn’t even glance at it. At this
point, I was genuinely frustrated. Why the hell is this dog so
standoffish, am I doing something wrong? etc.

As the days passed though, and he refused to eat, I decided to call the
vet. They weighed him, and strangely he hadn’t lost any weight at all,
and hadn’t shown any signs of malnutrition. The vet told me he might
have gotten into my pantry, or could be eating from something else. I
just accepted that, and when I got home I immediately went to check. But
my pantry? Fully stocked. Fridge? Also stocked.

So what the fuck was this dog eating?

I decided to install a camera in my living room to monitor Charlie, and
get to the bottom of this. And the footage gave me even more questions.

Charlie still, barely moved. Like, at all.

He wouldn’t lay down, or sit. He stood, perfectly in place. Staring at
my bedroom door. And suddenly, at exactly 1 AM, he would jerk back.
Flinching, before turning away. Then, he would turn to face the front
door. And strangely enough, black. No more footage.

I was creeped out to say the least, and decided to return the camera for
a new one. Because mine was clearly faulty. But the next night? Same
thing. The same, sudden jerk at precisely one, after hours of standing
very still… then black. Surely this isn’t a coincidence?

I was seriously dreading this dog, but it’s presence was hardly even
there. It was always so perfectly still, so perfectly silent. At work,
the footage of my living room would just play over and over in my head.
I started to suspect that the man who gave me the dog would know, but
when I went down the alley again, a lot more anxiously than usual… there
was no one. Not a single homeless person. I asked someone I saw walking
on the sidewalk adjacent, if something had happened. They looked at me
like I was stupid and ignored me.

And maybe I was overthinking, maybe some store nearby had security come
and reprimand them, or cops, or anything really. But, it was deeply
unsettlingly to me.

When I got home, Charlie was staring at me. Not at my legs, or face. No,
he was staring at my eyes. I knew he was. His beady, black, bottomless
eyes.

His mouth was slightly agape, I remember, because I saw a flash of red
in his gums. A red that seemed to cling to his saliva, that ran from his
mouth all the way to the floor. I flinched, when I opened the door to
that sight. As I went inside, Charlie remained facing the door.

I quickly looked up ‘rabies’ symptoms online, but, Charlie didn’t fully
match them. I was tempted to go to the vet but, then what? I tell them
my dog stared at me when I got home? And then get charged 250 after they
tell me again there’s nothing wrong with him?

When I put down my phone, Charlie was still faced towards the front
door, but as I got closer, I saw the whites of his eyes. I saw how his
pupils strained to stare to my direction, even as his face remained
motionless. Maybe I was imagining things, but I swear he was smiling.

And I could’ve sworn that his teeth had gotten bigger.

So, tonight I have my alarm for 1:00 AM. I’m going to get to the bottom
of this, and figure out what the hell is wrong with this dog.
