The following journal was recovered from The Democratic People’s
Republic of Korea. It was returned to the family of [REDACTED] by a
foreign diplomat who, at great risk to himself, was able to retrieve it
following a short, and abruptly concluded, investigation into the
individual in question’s sudden disappearance.

It is with express permission from the family that I share the contents
of this journal…

_____________________________

3rd March, 2026

Hi! If this is future-me reading this, I hope you had a great trip! If
this is someone else reading? Well, I guess I misplaced this somehow, or
something’s happened to me and you’re going through my belongings. In
which case, that sucks. But I digress.

With North Korea slowly opening up to tourists again, I’ve decided to
finally go ahead and do it.

A tour into the world’s most secretive, isolated country has always been
a fascinating prospect to me. The chance to get a glimpse behind the
curtain, even if it is just the sanitised version of reality that the
regime wants me to see, is still far too alluring to turn down. I am not
without my concerns. But this is something I truly want to experience
before I die, and it’s not something I want to keep putting off
indefinitely. If I don’t go now, then when?

I want to make sure I come home with memories of the trip. Not just the
performative photographs the officials will “allow” us to take, but
real, personal memories. Which is why I’ve decided to keep this diary.
North Korean officials will no doubt confiscate my devices at the
border, deleting any photos they’re not comfortable with me having. But
an inconspicuous notepad tucked away in my inner jacket pocket? Maybe
not…

It’s the 3rd today, and I’m booked to fly out to Beijing on the 5th.
From there, I meet up with my tour group and we board the K27 bound for
Pyongyang. I’m excited, but a little jittery. I’m sure things will be
just fine though.

_____________________________

5th March, 2026

Just landed in Beijing. Tired. Very tired. Got a day to myself tomorrow,
then Saturday’s the big day.

_____________________________

8th March, 2026

Wow. What a journey it’s been so far. It’s about 8pm right now, and I’m
told we should be crossing the border into the DPRK very soon.

We boarded the train yesterday evening. I was surprised by the look of
the thing. It was nothing like the high speed modern trains I had seen
coming and going from Beijing Station. It looks more like an old travel
train you’d see in movies set in the 70s and 80s. A little worn, with
blue framed windows and red stripes down the side.

It took us all night to chug our way up through Northern China, and
unfortunately the sun went down quite early, so I didn’t get a chance to
see a lot of scenery. There’s something about this part of the world
though. I’ve ridden night trains before, and I know all too well the
drastic change from day to night and back again. At high speeds, it can
play tricks on your eyes. But here’s different. The shadows don’t move
right. It’s like… something out of a dream. Or maybe it was, who knows.

I’m absolutely exhausted, and hallucinations aren’t entirely out of the
question. Something quite funny happened just now actually. As I was
drifting in and out of a semi asleep state, I was pulled back to reality
by the click clack of one of the conductors traipsing down the aisle. I
looked up and rubbed my eyes, nodding politely as he turned to look at
me, before disappearing into the carriage behind us. Not 30 seconds
later, I was folding down my blanket and getting ready to go back to
sleep, when my attention was snapped back to the aisle as another click
clack click clack began approaching again. Once more I looked up, only
to be met with what seemed to be the same conductor turning his head
down to look at me, coming from the same direction. Impossible.

Yes… I think it’s safe to say it’s been a very long day (haha!)

Anyway, we’re nearing Sinuiju, and that’s where border security happens.
I’m not quite sure what to expect, but I’m going to sign my little
journal off here for now. If I don’t write again, well, I suppose it’s
safe to say they found the journal and didn’t want me keeping it. In
which case, no one will ever even see this. Or maybe they will. Maybe
some North Korean official or the like will get a bit of a kick out of
the ramblings of a Western man.

In any case, bye for now. I’ll write again once we’ve arrived.

_____________________________

10th March, 2026

Well, I made it.

Border security was a rough experience. Everything had to be checked
over. My phone was taken, my camera, my iPad, even my toothbrush holder
was opened and inspected. North Korea really doesn’t mess around. But
hey! They didn’t find my journal. At one point I was sure they would, as
I was patted down by a stern looking border guard. But alas, they didn’t
think to check the jacket itself.

We arrived into Pyongyang and from there we were taken to our hotel. It
looked quite modern from the outside, and even in the lobby, but once we
got into the elevator and up to the rooms, it was like we had taken a
time machine back to the 1970s. My room has a weird smell about it. Like
a slightly mouldy scent, barely covered over by the similarly
intolerable stink of way too much carpet cleaner.

It’s fair to say North Korea has been a strange experience thus far, and
not only for the usual culture shock reasons. Initially, I wanted to
keep this journal because I wanted a record of my holiday. But now, it’s
more for my own peace of mind.

Some things just haven’t been adding up. Like last night, for example. I
could have sworn I got settled in for bed. I closed the curtains at
around 9pm, as the lights of Pyongyang were so bright coming in through
my hotel room window. I even clocked the time as I laid down for bed.
(Yeah, all the rooms here have those brownish 70s 80s style big bulky
alarm clocks.) Then, maybe half an hour or so later, I heard a tap tap
tap on my door. I got up to answer it, and it was our guide, asking me
why I hadn’t joined the group for dinner.

I told him that we had already had dinner hours ago, and he just looked
at me like I was insane, before turning around and getting into the
elevator. He told me to come down to the dining room floor in five
minutes. Needless to say, I was very confused. I pulled open the
curtains, and to my complete shock, it was early evening! Either I’m
train-lagged, or something really weird is happening in this part of the
world right now.

Not only that, but when I took the elevator down, just to see what was
going on, things only got stranger. It didn’t… move right. I pressed
down, I pressed the button for the restaurant floor, the elevator dinged
and signalled that it was going down, but I felt myself moving upwards.
All momentum was going up. I could feel it. I knew it beyond any doubt.
And yet, when the rusty old doors screeched open, I was met with what
was undoubtedly the restaurant floor. But everything was packed up.
Chairs were stacked up, tablecloths were all put away, and the tables
had been all pushed over the far side of the room so that the place
could be cleaned.

I looked around for a good while, making my way all around the huge,
dimly lit, musty smelling dining area, and eventually found what I was
looking for. Although I really wish I hadn’t. Around a corner up the far
end was my tour group, our guide sat at the head of the table, and our
group sat all around. All seats were taken, except for one. The same
seat that I had sat in and eaten dinner with them hours earlier.

Not knowing what to do, I joined them for what would be second dinner.
But it felt really off. No one spoke. And whenever I tried to
acknowledge anybody, they would just turn away from me. It was like, no
one knew that anyone else was even there. Twelve people sitting
together, yet entirely alone.

At the end of the dinner, everyone just stood up and filed into the
elevators, heading back up to our rooms. Again, total silence. Not a
word was spoken the entire time. And now? I’m just sitting in my room,
watching the lights of Pyongyang come to life again.

I honestly don’t know what happened? Did I dream that first dinner? Did
I dream the second? Did I somehow sleep for an entire 24 hours?! I have
NO idea! All I know is that I am going to keep writing in this journal.
Because if this keeps up, I’m not sure the return run through border
security is even going to be the most prominent of my problems.

I’m going to bed now. I hope that when I wake up, it might be tomorrow.

_____________________________

13th March, 2026

Hi, journal.

I don’t really know what this journal is anymore, but I’m trying to sit
down to write as often as I can regardless. The past couple of days,
prior to this day, went by okay. We spent the time doing the usual
tourist things in the country. We were chauffeured around the capital,
being shown only the things that we were allowed to see. An entire day
was spent going through military museums and other war memorial type
locations, being told all about the history the way the North Koreans
insisted it happened. Which, of course, was very far from reality as
every other historian on Earth recognises it. But regardless, it was
interesting to see the city, the people, and the North Korean way of
life, even if it was a little sanitised.

The reason for this particular diary entry though, was our outing into
the city today. It’s still strange to think about, and even stranger to
try to put into words.

At around 8am this morning, right after breakfast, we were herded into
our van and we set off for our experience of the day, which was to be
the infamous Pyongyang Metro. I say infamous not because of any personal
experience, but due to its history. It’s the deepest underground subway
system on Earth, and it’s built as such because it doubles as a nuclear
fallout shelter. Quite ingenious really, but it does create a bit of an
ominous air about the place right from the outset.

We got to the station maybe 9am-ish, and our guide gestured for us to
follow. We were told the ground rules. Stick together, don’t talk to the
locals, don’t photograph anything before asking, remain attentive at all
times. All the usual, before we made our way toward the huge blast doors
that framed the entrance.

I felt nauseous the minute I looked down the massive sheer drop that was
the escalators. It felt like teetering on the edge of a cliff, the
bottom seeming so very far below us. I gripped the rail tight as we rode
it down. Curse my fear of heights, I just couldn’t handle it, and so I
closed my eyes tight, asking the girl next to me (one of my fellow
tourists) to let me know when we were nearing the bottom. I heard her
giggle, which felt a little off to me, but I kept my eyes shut tight,
because I didn’t want to be where I was.

A minute passed, and then another, and then another. By the count in my
head, anyways. I know how deep this system is, but that seemed way too
long, so against my mind’s screaming protests I forced my eyes open just
in time to trip over my own feet as the escalator met the bottom.

Cold fear washed over me as I stood back up, realising that the entire
platform was devoid of life. Nothing was here. No one was here. Where
the place had moments before been buzzing with an entire city’s
population going about their daily commutes, there was now nothing but
the ambience of an abandoned subway station in the dead hours of the
night.

I turned around to look for my tour group, and my guide, but I saw only
a motionless set of escalators. I began to climb, and I don’t exaggerate
when I say it felt like hours. Riding those things up and down when
they’re running takes minutes on end, but when you’re doing it the old
fashioned way, it feels like forever.

Upon reaching the top, my fears were only confirmed. Between me and the
city of Pyongyang were 50cm or so of heavy structural steel and
reinforced concrete filling. Of course, I uselessly tried to push, pull
and knock on them, but as expected it was to no avail.

As I write this now in reflection, it’s interesting to note that my
first thoughts and fears were not of anything out of the ordinary, but
grounded in real world terror. A western tourist, separated from his
guide, sneaking into the Pyongyang Metro in the dead of night. How that
would look to the Government of North Korea was not lost on me. I
thought to myself that the only way out of this mess was to try to find
some way to get out, and so I clanked my way back down the escalator,
back down to the station, hoping that maybe that was the trigger, and
maybe things would go back to how they were.

It wasn’t. And they didn’t.

What happened instead as I walked back out onto the platform, the buzz
of the barely illuminated massive ceiling lights above me digging into
my brain, was even more bizarre. At what would have to have been far
past running time, the hiss of a metro car coming from the dark tunnel
to my right. It approached the station with a rumble before coming to a
slow screeching halt. For a few moments I just stood there staring at
it. No passengers lined the seats, no conductors stepped off the car to
direct boarding and disembarking commuters, as is the protocol in
Pyongyang, whether there are riders or not.

One single figure occupied the cars. A driver, whose gaze was set
straight ahead, for the most part. But every few seconds, he would jerk
back around to stare at me, before whipping his head back again. After a
few repetitions of this, and the tram refusing to move, I got the
distinct impression that I was meant to get on. Having no other real
option, I stepped on and took a seat, as the doors creaked shut behind
me, and we began to move.

The first few minutes we spent rolling through the dark tunnels, as
expected, the entire system runs underground, and I had resigned myself
to just wherever the metro was going to take me. Maybe it was a late
night service that simply ran to pick up commuters who had gotten lost
for whatever reason. But then? The tunnel opened up.

I was suddenly surrounded by bright, neon lights. Towering skyscrapers
lined both sides of the tracks, as the metro glided through this
otherworldly plane. Pinks, reds, blues, greens and yellows overwhelmed
my senses as I tried and failed to take all this in. All around me,
endless streets bathed in the same futuristic neons stretched out as far
as my eyes could see, lined with various vehicles, both traditional and
the kind of thing you’d see in a sci-fi movie. Numerous figures walked
the streets and alleyways, many of them beyond my understanding. To call
them human would be to understate the sheer weirdness of this place I
had found myself in. This was not Pyongyang. This was somewhere else.

Up ahead, from what I could see through the car in front of me, a
looming tunnel began to open up, and before I knew it, we were engulfed
in darkness once again. Unlike the last one, this tunnel did not open
back up. We ventured through for hours on end, far longer than any of
the underground routes on the Metro should keep going for. At some point
I supposed I drifted off to sleep, because when I awoke, we had stopped
at a station, and a figure (what I assumed had to be the driver) was
standing over me, smiling at me, and pointing to the open carriage door.

As I rose from my seat and made my way out, not once did his expression
or composure waver. He just kept that same rigid stance, and continued
pointing out the door as I made my way out.

Off the Metro now, I was standing in a station like no other. Not just
no other in North Korea, but like no other I had ever seen before in my
life. It was just a long, empty hall in front of me. White tiles lined
the floor, walls and roof, and small, seemingly one sided windows dotted
both sides. I chanced a look back at the metro, but that driver was
still just standing there pointing. I knew it was useless to try to
board again. And so I walked. On and on and on for ages I walked, and at
one point, I was sure this new pathway would never end. The buzz of the
lights, the echoes of my footsteps, and the low hum of a draft blowing
through this enormous station was enough to drive a man to insanity, and
I am not yet convinced that this was not the case. But eventually, I
found the end.

A small door. Far too small for the wall which framed it, and above it,
a simple green lit neon sign with some Korean symbols on it. At least
this meant I was still in the same country. Small favours. I ran to the
door and I pushed through it, falling helplessly onto the ground on the
other side, and being forcefully grabbed by two hands and pulled to my
feet.

Looking into the frantic eyes of my tour guide, my overwhelming urge was
to hug the guy, but I stopped myself, realising how crazy I would seem,
and reminding myself where I was. Or rather, where I thought (hoped?) I
was.

After a few generic exchanges and questions regarding where I had been
for the past, according to my guide, ten minutes, I was quickly ushered
back onto the tour van, and we were all driven back to the hotel in
silence. I couldn’t help but notice how differently my entire tour group
was treating me at this point, and it made me feel even more uneasy.
Only adding to this were my guide’s words to me as we were sent on our
way up to our rooms.

“What did I tell you? Remain attentive at ALL TIMES!”

It’s now 10pm at night as I recount the events of the day, and I still
do not know entirely what to make of it. As many rational explanations
as my mind tries to come up with, I simply cannot accept them. Something
is happening in North Korea. Something strange. And I’ve been, for
whatever reason, at the centre of it ever since our train began
approaching the border.

I’m signing off now, and heading to sleep. I hope beyond hope that
tomorrow I wake up and realise that this was all a dream.

Guess we’ll find out…

_____________________________

14th March, 2026

Whoever comes into possession of this journal, as I am fully aware now
that it will not be me reading back over this, I need to make a few
things very clear.

My name is [REDACTED], and at the time of writing this entry, I am of
sound body and mind. I do not, and have never suffered any condition
which would cause me to self harm or become suicidal.

I came to North Korea out of a profound sense of curiosity. I did not
come here to cause trouble, nor did I have any intention of seeking out
or uncovering any strange events which may or may not have been
discussed in various paranormal forums across the internet. The strange
events which I have encountered here were entirely unexpected. I never
wanted any of this.

After the events in the Pyongyang Metro, my hope was that I would go to
sleep, and wake up to normality. But unfortunately, quite the opposite
has occurred.

This evening, our tour group attended Kim Il Sung Square to see the
statues of the great leaders. Things were unfolding relatively normally.
We exited the van, approached the statues, paid our respects and took
photos where we were allowed to. I almost was beginning to believe that
I had been suffering fever dreams, or perhaps my dreams had been
blending with reality and I was too tired to tell the difference, when
the most innocuous split second event snapped everything back again. One
of my fellow tourists, the same girl who had laughed at my fear of
heights, stepped back to take a picture of the statues from another
angle. The camera clicked, and the flash went off, and in that moment
every individual person in the square froze, becoming still as statues,
before slowly turning to look right at us.

Unlike the previous “glitch,” I was not alone this time. The girl who
had taken the picture was still right by my side, her face frozen in a
look of sheer terror. Slowly, the statue people began taking steps
towards us, their faces unmoving, their gaze locked onto us. I grabbed
the girl’s arm, and we began walking quickly away, back toward the van.
We were met there by our tour guide, and the other members of our tour
group, who were all equally terrified. In the moment, I recall feeling
glad that at least they could see it too.

We drove quickly back to the hotel, and our guide sternly told us to go
straight to our rooms, to not talk to anyone we might meet in the halls,
and to dispose of our clothes we were currently wearing. As bizarre as
that sounded, none of us questioned any of this. We returned promptly to
our rooms, and did as we were told.

Now? I’m just sitting here, preparing to sign off for the last time.
Because I know I’m not leaving this country.

At about 11:30pm, I was awoken by a blinding flash of white light
through my window, the spluttering of engines, and the slamming of truck
doors. I got up and went to the window, I pulled up the blinds, and
immediately ducked down out of sight, not that it would have done any
good.

Staring up at me were, at my best guess? Fifty or so individuals wearing
hazmat suits, many of them carrying rifles. I’ve been sitting here
writing this since then, and at last check, they’re all still there.

I know I’m not getting out of here.

I’m going to try to hide this journal as best I can.

To whoever finds this. Share it.
