Part 1, Part 2

I’m writing parts of this post in advance, so I can get this next update
up as soon as possible. Jamie just got here and he told me that while he
was thinking about what I’d told him so far about this whole thing, he
got an idea. He’s loosening one of the hinges on the closet door right
now so the door hopefully won’t close all the way when the man in the
suit leaves it tomorrow morning. The thought Jamie had is that maybe the
physical act of the door closing could be what changes the closet back
into a regular linen closet again. 

We’re also planning to empty the closet so that we can check again for
any sort of mechanism that would allow the man in the suit to enter the
closet without alerting anyone else in the house—Jamie, like me, doesn’t
think it’s possible, so he wants to see for himself that there’s no
other explanation for it. 

***

After Jamie was satisfied that there was no false wall or secret door
inside my closet, we grabbed some Wendy’s—there’s one practically right
down the street—and brought it back to my house. We went back over what
we already know as well as everyone’s suggestions while we ate, and
Jamie suggested that instead of emptying my bookshelf that’s about the
same size as the closet door and using it to trap or confuse the man in
the suit, I should go into the closet and he could put the bookcase up
on the other side of the door, closing me inside. Like one of you said,
it would be a pretty solid recreation of the conditions—better than just
shutting myself in the closet without the bookshelf, since I’ve tried
that already—from the time that I was hiding in the closet of that one
open house when I was five, and since I was the one who had the
experience, the best recreation would be one with me involved rather
than the man in the suit. Our theory right now is that maybe doing that
would transport me to wherever the man in the suit is coming from.

It’s not my favorite idea, if I’m being honest because it seems a little
riskier than I’d like, but I think it’s still definitely worth a shot.
We’ll probably still try to block the man inside too to see what happens
when he can’t leave the closet, but there are other things that we can
use to block the man inside that would probably be more effective and
easier to manage. Honestly, an angled chair could probably do it since
the floor in the hallway is carpeted so the chair legs would catch
easier. 

I also tossed out the idea that one of you mentioned about spending the
night in the closet to try to catch a glimpse of how the man in the suit
arrives/appears. I told him my plan regarding that idea: enter the
closet just a few minutes before the man in the suit appears—since he
seems to appear at almost exactly the same time every day (about 8:53 AM
CST)—and wait to see how he manages to get into the closet in the first
place, that way we wouldn’t have to try to suffer through a night of
sleeping in what’s basically a tall, two by three box. 

Another idea that I think would be worth trying is attempting to touch
the man in the suit. I haven’t endeavored to make physical contact with
him before, and since I’ve learned that he disappears from photographs
after a short time, I told Jamie that I wonder if the man in the suit
even has a tangible physical form. Obviously, he can open and close
doors, so to some extent, he has to have a form with some degree of
tactile presence, but it’d be good to know exactly how far it goes.

Jamie says we could also just try leaving the closet door open to see if
the man can still appear, or if the door has to be closed for him to be
able to enter. But, we’ve agreed not to try too many ideas out at once
because it’ll be easier to connect causes to effects if we don’t muddy
the waters too much. That said, our plan for tomorrow morning is simply
to see if Jamie can see the man in the suit too since so far I’m the
only one that has, watch to see if the door not closing properly will
keep the closet from changing back into a regular closet after the man
leaves, and maybe to see if we can touch the man—we haven’t fully
decided on this last one, but we’ve agreed to at least leave it on the
table.

I’ll type out the rest of this tomorrow morning after we’ve done our
experiments.

***

Jamie and I just got back from trying to follow the man in the suit to
see where he goes after he leaves my house. Jamie’s planning on staying
over again tonight so we can try a few more things, but before we get to
that, I’m going to explain what happened as best as I can. I’ve called
in sick, said I wasn’t feeling great yesterday and that it hasn’t gotten
much better, and Jamie’s disc golf tournament looks looks like it’s
probably going to get rained out—it’s supposed to start storming by
around lunch time—so it looks like we’ll have the whole day to go over
everything, attempt a few things we can do without the man in the suit,
and plan for tomorrow morning.

Jamie can see the man in the suit, and other people can too, but we
didn’t find that out until we followed the man.

However, our plan to loosen the hinges so the door wouldn’t close after
the man left didn’t exactly go as planned. It was actually pretty
disappointing. When the man in the suit left the closet and tried to
shut the door behind him like he normally does, he noticed it wouldn’t
go back inside the doorframe easily. Instead of leaving it open and
going about his day, he studied it for a moment, opening the door wide
and trying to close it again. While the door was open, Jamie and I were
both able to look inside the closet and it didn’t look any different—it
looked like any other closet. There wasn’t a portal to a fantastical or
even another regular-looking place, it was just the same closet that it
had always been, only empty now because Jamie and I took everything out
of it last night.

Eventually, the man shifted his weight against the door to lift it back
into proper alignment as he shut it, and it closed, not easily, but it
still clicked back into place. Then the man checked his watch and walked
down the hall. It seemed to me like he moved faster this time, but I
honestly can’t say for sure. One thing I can say for sure, though, is
that as he opened the front door, he cursed his tardiness and set off
across my yard at a dead sprint. Jamie and I hadn’t planned to go after
him, but when he took off, we felt like we had to.

He didn’t run along the sidewalks or streets, he ran in a straight line,
between houses, through a drainage ditch a few streets away and then
straight into the thicket at the opposite end of the ditch. Jamie and I
weren’t able to gain any ground on him at all. Jamie got closer than I
did to keeping up with him, but he still couldn’t seem to catch up with
the man in the suit at all. Jamie was a sprinter on his high school
track team. He joked about it and being a masochist all the time at work
because he was the only person on the school’s team who had run the 800
meter race at every meet—nobody else wanted to because the 800 meter
race is notoriously hellish so they only ran 800s when the coach told
them they had to. In the end, Jamie’s speed didn’t seem to matter at
all.

I was about halfway across the ditch by the time Jamie reached the
thicket that the man in the suit had disappeared into. A few moments
later, I heard a handful of cars honk in pretty quick succession as
brakes screeched. Jamie came back through the thicket as I was just
about to enter it and he told me that the man in the suit had sprinted
across the expressway before simply disappearing right as a lifted truck
was about to run him down.

Jamie said it looked like the truck had hit him, but instead of knocking
him to the ground and running him over, the contact with the truck’s
grill had made him vanish into thin air. The truck didn’t seem to be
damaged or marked at all from what Jamie could tell before all of the
cars continued on their way as if nothing at all had happened.

We walked back to my house and sat on the porch while I called out of
work since even if I left my house at that instant I would have been
late. After I got off the phone, Jamie looked at me.

“Did that all really happen?”

“I mean, I think so,” I answered.

“You said this guy’s been leaving your closet every weekday morning for
like a month now?”

I nodded. “Sure has.”

Jamie stood and stretched. “Well, we’ve gotta figure this out now. It’ll
nag at me if we don’t.”

We both went inside and down the hallway. We decided to start clearing
off my bookshelf so we can try a few things with it this afternoon, so
that’s what Jamie’s been doing while I’ve been typing this up. We’re
probably going to try to tackle as many of the ideas we have left as we
can this afternoon. Some of the things we want to try require the
presence of the man in the suit, so we’ll obviously have to wait to try
those ideas out until tomorrow morning. That said, if you all think up
any new things you think Jamie and I should try in the meantime, I
should be able to check in frequently, so we’ll probably be able to do
it either this afternoon or tomorrow morning. 

Here’s a running list of the things we plan to try either today or
tomorrow:

1.  Attempt to touch the man in the suit.
2.  Attempt to trap the man in the suit in the closet by barricading the
    door (possibly using the bookshelf to recreate the conditions from
    my childhood).
3.  Enter the closet a little bit before the man in the suit appears to
    see if (1) he can still appear in the closet with one of us in there
    and (2) if we can catch a glimpse of where he’s coming from or how
    he gets in.
4.  Enter the closet myself and have Jamie try to recreate the
    conditions from my childhood to the best of our ability by blocking
    the closet with the empty bookshelf.
5.  Have Jamie enter the closet under the same conditions?

Hopefully, I’ll have more answers by this time tomorrow.
