I have been working at a historic movie theater for almost five years
now, and as far as I can tell, this guy has been coming since we opened.
He’s in one of the photos from before the renovation and my boss says
it’s been a thing since before he started thirty five years ago. 

Regardless, our box office is outside so whoever is working that evening
is the unlucky one that has to give him the bad news. I remember my
first time very clearly. One of the managers took me aside. By this
point I had been told about this person but I didn’t really believe any
of it until Eliza, my manager, got super serious about it. Normally
she’s a careless pothead who just wants to go home as quickly as
possible. The lack of irony in her face scared me, probably saved my
life.

“Okay, whatever you do, don’t say the name of the movie he asks for.” I
looked at her. Kind’ve freaked out.

“Why, what happens?”

“Don’t think about that right now okay, cause it’s not gonna happen,
right?”

“Right.”

“All you say is ‘sorry sir. We’re not showing it and we’ll never be
showing it as far as I know.’ If he persists,  just say you have the
whole schedule right in front of you. Don’t fuck around with this Jack.
You feel me?”

“Yeah, I got you.”

The time came. I watched a man dressed straight outta the 50s casually
stroll up. He had a suit and hat and he lit a cigarette and smoked it
before approaching me. Besides this he just seemed like a regular dude. 

“Ya’ll showin’ …. Tonight?”

“No I’m sorry sir we’re not showing that.”

“Anytime soon?”

“Nope.”

“You sure about that, boy?”

“I got the whole schedule here and it isn’t there sir.”

“Seems thorough enough. Say, what are ya’ll showin’ tonight?”

“Oh we’re showing Killer Klowns From Outer Space. We show it every year
around this time.”

“KILLER CLOWNS!” He began laughing his ass off. “Why, that is a doozy.
Thank you for your time nonetheless friend.”

“My pleasure.” I said. I couldn’t help but let a little indignation out
with my words. He walked away. 

I was eventually promoted to manager and became the one giving the pep
talk before his appearance. I still didn’t know why this was happening
or why we can’t say the name of the movie but I didn’t really want to
find out. 

My 4th year here I gave the talk to the girl, Sarah, who was to work in
the box office. She seemed sufficiently scared and I watched from inside
as he approached. After a moment, Sarah opened the door to the box and
quickly walked towards me. 

“He asked to see Killer Klowns.” My heart sank. 

“Uhh shit, sell him a ticket.”

“Can’t I just say we’re not showing that either?”

“No, he knows it’s annual.”

“Shit, okay. Regular customer?”

“Regular customer.” I looked at my two coworkers next to me working the
concessions booth. “Just treat him like a regular customer, guys okay?”
They both nodded nervously. 

Sarah went back to the box and next thing I knew the man walked through
the door with a smile.

“Hello!” I said.

“Hello, good to see you again.” I handed him a raffle ticket. “What’s
this for?”

“Oh we have a giveaway before every movie.”

“Oh like a raffle.”

“Yeah.”

“Well thank you.” He walked into the theater. No one seemed to be
concerned by his presence besides the employees.

“I’ll watch him after I start the movie.” I said after he had left the
lobby. But as I turned to face forward, I realized I could no longer see
color. I became aware of the tight usher’s uniform that then  wrapped my
body along with my co-workers, whom I was selfishly grateful of for
being just as confused as I was. We all wordlessly agreed to play along
but I became more nervous as I realized all of the customers were
dressed in the same way as The Recurring Man. All of them were men,
neatly dressed, and seemed to openly detest the brief time they had to
interact with me when handing them their raffle tickets. 

I thought. “This is bad”. There are few occasions in which I would say I
felt less safe.

I went into the theater to do my normal routine not realizing that the
whole event had completely changed inside the theater as well. The
renovation tried to keep things as they were during this time and they
did a remarkable job from what I could tell in black and white. Every
patron was wearing the same hat which they all took off in unison as the
countdown started. I rushed to the projection booth hoping in vain that
everything was the same there.

I opened the door to a wave of cigarette smoke that burned my eyes.

“What the fuck! WHAT THE FUCK YOU DOIN UP HERE, BOY!” He took great big
strides towards me past the many film reels and through the fog of
smoke. In one quick motion he recoiled his hand and brought it square
onto my cheek. 

The smack echoed through the auditorium and I was dazed for some time.
When I came to I was sitting on the steps catching my breath as the
movie began in front of me. It was not Killer Klowns. Instead, it was
the image of a man screaming as his head began to melt like wax and pour
down his chest. I was horrified but transfixed.

It cut to a child standing alone in a field. It reminded me of the child
that the Monster drowned by mistake. But, that’s not what happens to
this child. A group of men all dressed like the patrons in the theater
came into frame and began eating the child’s limbs piece by piece. They
were not ravenous about it. They ate with the formality of a steak
dinner and the child laughed, even as they lay up against a log with
their head the only remaining appendage. They laughed until they were no
longer a child, then they began to wail endlessly. 

It was then I realized all of the men in the theater were watching me
with blank faces. I slid down the railing and rushed for the exit doors.

“Why!? WHY HAVE YOU DONE THIS!?” The man on the screen screamed as I
felt a hand grab my shoulder and what I assumed to be a knife enter my
back. Almost instantaneously I lost feeling in my legs and my screams
matched the now grown child’s. I crawled towards the door little by
little each movement sending searing pain all throughout my body. Eliza
opened the door.

“Holy shit,” she said as she grabbed both my hands and pulled me through
the door. I lay there on the period accurate carpet, in excruciating
pain, bleeding as my co-workers quickly locked all of the doors into the
auditorium. “Fuck fire safety,” Eliza said. 

Eventually we saw in color again, Eliza called the ambulance. We didn’t
see anyone leave the theater. The next day my boss would open the doors
to find an empty theater. I was taken to the hospital. Prognosis is I’ll
never walk again. I told the police he’d be back next year, but they
didn’t believe me. We stopped playing Killer Klowns on that day, but he
never asked for it again anyway. Also, no idea what happened to the
people who were already inside the theater when The Recurring Man first
entered.

Regardless, I’m learning to move around better on my own with the
wheelchair. I am going to figure him out. There’s a corn festival every
year here. It’s circus themed, that’s why we show Killer Klowns on the
specific date. But I happen to know that said circus has been happening
since 1922. The fair is the only other common denominator besides the
man himself.
