Part 1, Part 2, Part 3

Jamie’s gone. I’m still trying to figure out exactly what happened, but
I’m at a loss. The last hour is gone too. Yesterday, we both tried
sitting in the closet with the bookcase on the other side of the door,
but that didn’t do anything. At least not really. When I was in the dark
closet, I could’ve sworn I heard a child crying, but Jamie said he
didn’t hear anything, so I figured I was just hearing things. Other than
that, nothing at all. 

Jamie disappeared when we tried to see what would happen if we were in
the closet when the man in the suit arrived. We tried that an hour ago
by my watch, but every other clock around is an hour ahead. Or mine is
behind. I think that might be more likely. I’m really not sure.

I got into the closet at 8:45 AM because I didn’t want to cut it too
close, but I also didn’t want to have to stay in there for very long.
Too cramped. But, about two minutes later, Jamie decided he wanted in
too. He said that it’d be better if we both saw whatever we were going
to see when the man in the suit appeared. We could both corroborate the
story that way, back each other up. Plus, he added that he’d be jealous
if I saw something crazy and he missed it.

I shouldn’t have let him. I should’ve told him to stay out in case
something happened and we needed to call for help. If we both got caught
up in it and it turned out to be bad, who’d call someone. It’d probably
take days—maybe weeks—for anyone to find us. Neither of us have families
waiting for us to get home. The point is that Jamie should’ve stayed
out. The closet was barely big enough to fit both of us anyway. It was a
really tight fit, but we’d only have to make it work for a few minutes. 

And it did only take a few minutes for the man to open the door to get
into the closet. Past him was a long hallway flooded with sterile light.
He stared at us for a moment without expression. Down at the end of the
hall—or what looked to be the end because it seemed to extend
endlessly—it seemed to get darker in increments. There wasn’t room for
the man in the suit to get into the closet. It only took a few seconds
for the realization to wash over him. The darkness approached at a
snail’s pace at first. One light at a time from beyond the vanishing
point, but as it grew nearer, the darkness came faster. I could see each
individual light flicker before going black. The man continued staring
at us. His eyes widened and he pursed his lips. There were maybe five
lights left—a matter of seconds—when the man in the suit spoke.

“I’m sorry, but I have to get to work.” He grabbed Jamie in a flash and
pulled him from the closet before forcing his way in.

Jamie tripped on the doorjamb and fell into the sterile hallway. I tried
shoving the man in the suit back into the hallway, but he’d wedged
himself in with impossible security. He had braced himself against the
back wall and the doorframe. Jamie scrambled to get up, but before he
could, the man in the suit pulled the door closed just as the last light
flickered out. Then the door seemed to open into my hallway
automatically.

The man stepped out without a second thought and made for the front
door. I caught him by the collar and he turned to face me. 

“You’ll have to excuse me, I’m running late for work.”

I blinked and he was gone. I think that’s when I lost the hour. Again, I
can’t be sure. I plan to go back into the closet tomorrow morning, see
if I can get back to that hallway. Maybe Jamie’s still in there? That’s
the only place he could be, right? I’ll update once I’m able to get
back, assuming I am. I don’t know what happens when the lights go out.
Based on the man in the suit’s desperation, I can only imagine it’s not
good. I’ve got to at least try to find Jamie. It may not be possible. 

I’m going to pack a bag. I told my boss I’m still not feeling well.
