Part 1

I don’t know why I’m writing this.

I suppose some part of me still thinks it might matter.

I should at least let you all know what happened.

I had been staying at my friend’s house; I’ll call him T.

T believed me when I told him what happened, because he’s always found
Monte strange when he’d come visit me at work, or to get a drink with
his lady for that night.

But sleeping there wasn’t very cozy, as I’m on the couch right next to
the window. I heard tapping coming from outside one night.

I wasn’t sure what it was, but it was tapping very rhythmically. It
reminded me of Monte’s cane hitting the ground when he walked. Sure, I
could have looked out, but if he was there, I didn’t want him to see me
and vice versa.

I stayed quiet; eventually it stopped, and I went to sleep as best I
could.

I had a dream once I did finally get to sleep.  I was on the stage; I
was in one of those boxes that magicians put people in to ’saw” them in
half.  Monte came out with a round of applause accompanying them, making
a saw appear out of his hat.

Instead of coming to the middle of the box to saw it in half, he kneeled
down right where my head was, putting the cold metal against my neck.

I felt a sharp pain before jolting awake and gasping for air.

Catching my breath, I noticed something fluttered to the ground. It was
a playing card. From the folds I could tell it was the card

I looked out the window; nothing. I called T down, and after three or
four attempts, he came down with a hangover in tow.

I pointed to the card, and he and I were both equally confused, and I
was terrified.

I unfolded it, and it was my two clubs, with frantic scribbled letters
saying “NOT YOUR CARD.”

We both freaked out. I threw the card down and tried not to vomit at the
idea that the bastard had not only stood over me to place the card but
also, instead of killing or hurting me, he left.

I called my boss and asked my boss who he was, just trying to get any
new information. But he is useless; Monte isn’t exactly employed; he’s
just an act, like how a band playing at an event is an act.

They each get to split the money that people paying for his show make at
the bar. His contract is due to expire soon, so all he told me to do was
“hold on for a little longer, and he’ll be gone soon anyway, so calm
down.”

I talked to the police, and they said they would look into it; they had
an officer keeping an eye on me the entire time I stayed with T.

Two days after the card incident, I had to go back to work.

Monte was there, doing his normal preparations before his show.

It was the worst shift of my life; I kept my eye on him the entire time.

T said he would pick me up after work, because like hell I was going to
walk again.

My shift ended, I closed up the bar, clocked out, got my things, and
walked right out the door and waited for him.

I heard the door open behind me.

Looking over my shoulder, I saw him; we made eye contact, and neither of
us moved for a moment.

He came over right beside me, like nothing was wrong.

I had a knife on me; I softly gripped the handle of the blade tucked
away, but before I could do anything, he whispered to me.

“Help me.”

His words were quiet and full of panic.

“You have to help me; if you don’t, it will only be a matter of time
before IT gets its way.’

“What the fuck are you talking about?!”

I was tired and I just wanted it to all be over. I didn’t even mean to
yell, I was just so confused.

He shushed me loudly, then spoke quicker like he was running out of
time.

“Just listen, I don’t have any magic talents. I don’t even know how to
shuffle a deck.”

He paused to look around.

“Every time I disappear and reappear, that’s not me.”

“I give It what It wants, and he gives me the ability to make more money
than I’ve ever seen.”

I stood there; all of my focus went into listening to him speak.

Who are you talking about? And what does he want?” My throat dried at
the question; I almost couldn’t get it out, afraid of the answer.

He went very quiet once I asked, after a moment, he finally answered.

“It needs a sacrifice; it goes out and finds a suitable person every so
often, and then it takes them away, like they disappear and never
return.”

I laughed. “You expect me to believe that?”

I saw his eyes glare at me through his mask.

“Please, you have got to believe me; I think it’s trying to get rid of
me now aswell.”
“No one’s ever escaped it until you did, and now it’s angry!”

“I’ve tried to stop it before, but with all the police attention you’ve
brought, and my previous insubordination, it’s only a matter of time
before I’m next! And if he’s willing to get rid of me, what do you think
he’s going to do to you?”

I laughed again at how insane this all sounded. “If you are telling the
truth, which you aren’t, then you don’t deserve my help for getting
people killed.”

I looked at him to get his response, but he was frozen. I looked in the
direction he was looking, and I saw whatever that version of Monte was
standing in the alley between the bar.

I stared in disbelief. He was telling the truth, or at least he was
right about there being two of him.

Whoever the man was that was standing beside me got onto his knees.

“Please! Take him! I’ve got him right here for you! That’s what I was
doing, honest!”

I ran, I left him and ran, as fast as I could.

I looked over my shoulder while running; I saw Monte standing there, and
where the other man was, all that was left was a top hat.

I focused on running, and I didn’t care how bad it hurt; I couldn’t
stop.

I ran back through the park; the only thought on my mind was survival.

As I approached where the park normally would have let back out, it
didn’t; the forest kept going. In fact, there weren’t even any
streetlights anymore.

I stopped, and when I did, I heard that tapping.

He was walking behind me, cane hitting the ground, walking with a strut
of confidence.

I yelled in panic. “Why me! What did I do to deserve this?”

I threw a rock at him, and once he got close, I tried using my knife on
but he tripped me with his cane.

On the ground, looking up at him, I knew I could do nothing else to save
myself.

He stared down at me, slowly taking his mask off; his face was
indescribable.

He softly handed it down to me; I knew what he was asking.

He wanted me to take up the mantle.

What other choice did I have? I was never really playing a game I could
win, this is the only outcome where I survive.

I have become Mystical Monte. I drive around the country with a second
set of eyes watching my every move.

Where I go, death follows, and people get hurt as I perform tricks and
provide entertainment.

I make myself disappear everyday, while he makes innocent people do the
same.

The worst part is, I think I’m starting to enjoy it.

Am I writing this as a confession? Or as a plea for help? I am not sure.

Just don’t come to my shows, otherwise you might be the one followed
home.
