Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, Part 4

This may sound crazy, but I’m five years old again. I’m starting
kindergarten in the fall—right after I turn six at the end of August. My
parents pulled me from the closet and I was crying and they took me to
McDonald’s to get a milkshake like always—it’s still Sunday after
all—but I remember everything from the life I lived while I sat in the
closet of that vacant house. I think I remember it at least. I believe
that’s most evident by my writing here. This isn’t the writing of a five
year old, at least not any five year old I’ve ever heard of in this life
or the other one. Except for myself.

Here’s how it went down to the best of my ability:

I waited in the closet until the man in the suit opened the door. I
rushed past him into the hallway and ran as fast as I could down it. I
glanced over my shoulder and the door wasn’t there anymore. Jamie wasn’t
there either. I met the darkness winded, but still sprinting. I tried to
flick on my headlamp, but it wouldn’t turn on even though I had made
sure to put fresh batteries in it before I entered the closet. The only
sounds I could hear were my quick footsteps and my heaving. Once I
couldn’t run anymore, I walked, and when I couldn’t walk anymore, I sat
down and tried to dig through my backpack for a water bottle and my
spare flashlight, but I went to pull my bag off of my shoulders, it
wasn’t there. I could feel the sweat running down my face. I started to
cry. Then my parents opened the door.

I’m typing this on our brand-new family computer that we bought not too
long ago. My parents are asleep right now, and I plan to do everything I
can to wipe any kind of evidence that I typed this from our computer
before I crawl back into bed. However, I do not plan to delete this post
or this account, but I won’t likely be able to interact with it further
as I have for the past few [weeks], or at the very least, I won’t be
able to do so in the same way. Maybe I’ll be able to return to it down
the line. Maybe I’ll forget the username and password and lose access to
it. I feel like that would be a fitting way for this to end. 

Come to think of it, I don’t know how this account still exists since I
made it during the life I lived sitting on the floor in the dark closet
of a vacant house, but it does. Maybe that’s proof that the life I lived
wasn’t just in my head. Maybe some things carry over. Either way, what’s
done is done. I still don’t know what happened to Jamie. Maybe he’s out
there. Maybe I’ll meet him in the future and we’ll hit it off again. But
everything that I grew to know in that other life doesn’t exist yet—some
things maybe won’t ever exist. 

This feels like one of those bursts of nostalgia that people get when
they smell one of those smells that brings them back to their childhood.
For me, it was always the smell of fall leaves flowing through school
bus windows, mingling with the smell of the thick, sticky vinyl that
coats the seats.

The only other things that I still wonder about my experience have to do
with my memory and if there are other people out there with similar
stories. However, like I said, if you, reading this right now, have gone
through an experience like mine and you wish to reach out, it likely
will not be possible because of my circumstances.

It feels like the memories I have from the life I lived inside the
closet are disintegrating at the edges, like a piece of paper burning
slowly. It’s becoming harder and harder to find the right words to write
this post. I don’t know how much longer they’ll last, but at least the
memories will be here, and maybe I’ll come across this again in the
future. Maybe I’ll even recognize it—call it deja vu—and then that
feeling will slip away, drift just out of reach. 

Finally, one last time, I want to thank you all for your suggestions,
your comments, your kind words, everything. I don’t think I’d have been
able to handle this experience without you all.
