You may have heard of lucid dreams but I learned the hard way lucid
nightmares are a thing too. This is a 100% real dream I had only
recently learned this sub exists cause of youtube and thought I’d share
what I met.

Sometimes when I dream i have them consecutively. And it can be really
hard to tell when I’m actually awake. Usually as soon as i realize I’m
dreaming I wake up.

So i was unlucky enough to have 2 nightmares back to back. Being aware
of the first one made the second one much more terrifying.

The first nightmare i had was that some guy was doing a documentary on
how bad the meat industry was by attaching a Go Pro to a chicken and
seeing what it sees. For some reason they were using a wheat harvester
with modified to have saw blades on the front and just running over the
chickens well in that nightmare i was the chicken. Admittedly it’s
pretty funny in retrospect why would i dream something so ridiculous?
And of course as in most nightmares i woke up before i actually died.

But that’s where the real horror started. I “woke up” in my room, dark
with the lights off. I noticed something was off immediately. the lamp
by my bedside and the other lamp on my dresser by the door were swapped.
And out of the corner of my eye it seemed darker than the rest of the
room. I looked around and something was there standing next to me in my
bed. I couldn’t “see” it i could only tell it was there because it was
darker than its surroundings. It had the outline of a person, but a
little too wide and round and the head too spherical almost looked like
a fat chess pawn or those blank profile pictures that are just the
silhouette of a person. I tried to turn on the lamp next to me but all
that happened was the clicking of me turning the knob.

Terrified and panicked I leapt out of bed, losing vision of whatever was
standing over me. It was now between me and the door. When i looked back
at it, it now had a mouth. Just teeth sitting on this empty void
grinning. I move a bit trying to see if there’s a way around it or just
see if there’s anymore discernable details, due to it’s shape it looked
the same from all angles. No matter how i looked at it the grin was
always facing me.

And suddenly 2 greenish gray bulbs (color hex: C0CCAD) bulbs started to
grow where the eyes should’ve been. All i could do is watch, too afraid
to move the bulbs turned into a swirl pattern and unfurled into 2 lips
where the eyes should’ve been if this thing was human. The eye-mouths
opened as it started to speak and some white really bright
bioluminescent fluid started falling from its mouths tracing the outline
off its body the whole room lit up. As the fluid ran down its cheeks, to
where its gut would have been pouring as a continuous waterfall to the
floor. Almost like how water runs down the hood of a car. The only light
being from this thing now i can see that it’s nothing just 3 mouths
sitting on a pitch cutout in reality. At this point i’d still say this
is normal nightmare stuff for some folks.

But the next part is what terrified me the most.

As I said it started to speak. Only the eye-mouths moved as it spoke the
big mouth in the center stood a grin.

It asked me a simple question only 3 words. Its voice was almost a
growl, it sounded like something trying to talk for the first time ever.

Are… You… Alive?

It was talking to me. Not me in the dream me.

As soon as it said those words a pain shot through my chest it felt like
i was being crushed. And intense pressure on both my chest and back.

I was too stunned to reply. Just standing there staring at this so it
asked again. But this time its voice was clearer. It sounded like a
normal man and said.

Are you alive? Genuinely questioning, like the tone when someone asks
are you ok? When it’s unclear if you got hurt.

Finally processing what it said to me my left eye twitched and it took
note of that. It was excited I could understand it and it asked again
excitedly,

Are you alive?

And that’s when i realized whatever was before me was only a child.

It grew more and more excited and kept asking over and over every time
more eager than the last everytime it asked more voices where added. The
newer a voice was it got more distorted. It sounded like child, a man, a
woman all at the same time asking in unison.

It felt like we were moving toward each other even though neither of us
moved.

Everytime it asked more voices were added. I’m close enough now its face
is the only thing I see. theres no longer fluid pouring from it’s face
but it’s still glowing. The 1st mouth still grinning while the 2 small
lips keep asking Are you alive? Less time between each question.

By the time we almost touched there were at least 31 voices coming from
the little mouths, the larger one never moved. Some of the voices were
just laughter as it got closer.

I woke up for real right then, in the exact same spot. Trying to sit up
in bed real quick.

But you see the thing that makes me question if it was ONLY a nightmare
was that crushing pain was no longer just confined to my dream.

The pain was enough i didn’t sit up all the way before I yelled out from
the pain and fell back to laying down.

I genuinely hope it was JUST a nightmare. Because I’m afraid what did it
want? Am i the only person it approached? What would it have done if i
answered it?
