So I started going to therapy a few months back. My reason for seeking
therapeutic guidance isn’t of itself anything particularly crazy; no
psychosis, acute trauma, or anything like that.

​

I’m 27 years old and I’ve been drinking too much. I don’t think I’m
alcoholic, and neither does my therapist, but at some point in my mid
20s I began drinking to escape. What am I escaping from? To be
completely honest; boredom. I began going through a period of intense
stagnation in my daily life. The girlfriend I was with at the time
wasn’t making me happy anymore. I was becoming complacent at my job.
Basically all of my hobbies had become boring. My therapist says I was
just depressed, and I should’ve sought help. But I didn’t, instead I
drank. Drinking became my new favorite hobby. When it began getting in
the way of my personal life, I started seeing my therapist. I’m not
going to bore you all anymore with the inner workings of my less than
Grade A mental health, the important thing is I have been in therapy,
spilling my guts weekly to a psychologist, and that’s when things got
weird.

​

It’s the holiday season, which I’ve always loved. But for psychological
reasons that I can’t explain, during the last session I had with my
therapist, I unearthed a repressed memory. Ironically,we weren’t really
doing any intense digging into the inner workings of my psyche when I
had this strange recollection. We were just shooting the shit. We were
talking about our least favorite Christmas songs. Of course Mariah
Carey’s Christmas crime against humanity was brought up, Baby, It’s Cold
Outside, among other cringe worthy hallmark holiday jingles, when it hit
me. It started out as a nagging thought in the back of my mind. A
feeling. A disturbing realization. It had been there all along, just
repressed to hell. It made the hair on the back of neck stand up. It’s
not an easy feeling to describe, but for a second, I was taken back to
my childhood to a specific moment, and while reflecting on that moment I
realized that something had been very wrong.

​

I didn’t bring it up during that session, but as the memory has
continued to fester like an infected sore, I don’t think there’s any way
around bringing it up at my next one.

​

The memory was of my 10th Holiday Season. As a kid I fucking loved the
holidays. My mom is Jewish, and my Dad was raised Lutheran, so I was one
of those lucky kids that got both Christmas and Hanukkah. It was the end
of Hanukkah, which meant the tree went up. I would pass it in the living
room and every time I saw a new present my face would light up. As an
adult with mental issues and a drinking problem, my nostalgia for the
holidays as a child is almost painful, but in the best way possible.

​

And this damn memory. It’s ruining it for me. It’s a parasite, sucking
away my childhood joy. I managed to keep it buried for so long, why does
it have to come back now?

​

Anyways, the memory came back in waves. In my therapist’ office, it was
just a feeling I had. A connection I’d made, an equation; Christmas plus
music equals fear. I couldn’t stop thinking about it, agonizing over it.
Why am I, a 27 year old man, afraid of Christmas music?

​

Then I remembered a little more about that 10th Holiday season. I had
just finished decorating the tree with my parents and my little sister,
who I asked about this, of course, she doesn’t remember shit. I’m the
crazy one, figures. Rambling again, back to the point. We had finished
decorating the tree and I was in bed. I was just beginning to drift off
to sleep when I heard singing; Christmas carols. At this point I
remembered it as the Charlie Brown Christmas Song, you know the one.
“Christmas time is here. Time for joy and cheer.” At first I thought it
was beautiful, but deep in my gut, it didn’t feel right. There was
something otherworldly about it, and it was coming from my folks living
room. Why the fuck was there singing in my folks living room? I
rationalized it away, it was probably just a dream, and if it continued
to bother me I would bring it up to my therapist, who would probably
tell me, “It was probably just a dream.”

​

I was free of the memory temporarily. At this stage it was just an
annoyance, a pang of childhood fear that had resurfaced itself. Then
another layer was peeled.

​

I was drinking coffee the next morning having myself a smoke before
work, when I was taken back. I was a kid in my bed again, I had just
finished decorating the tree with my family, Dad almost fell off the
ladder when he put the star up. I was staring at the dark ceiling,
moonlight shone through my window, when I heard it. Singing, coming from
the living room. But this time, I remember, it wasn’t a choir of merry
carolers Jingle Bell rocking in the living room. It was one voice. A
woman’s voice, a lilting falsetto, haunting but joyous. I was strangely
drawn to it, but even at ten years old I knew this wasn’t right. I
covered my ears with my pillow until it stopped.

​

I snapped out of it and went to work. At this point I’m starting to get
worried. It was the most intense day dream I’d ever had,I really felt
like I was there. Before then I’d been doing really great about not
drinking, but I decided I needed a beer. I planned to grab a beer after
work. It was in the parking lot of the gas station that another layer
was peeled, this time even more vivid.

​

I was no longer in my car in the gas station parking lot, I was once
again in my bed, a ten year old kid staring at the ceiling. The singing
started, but this time I remembered; it wasn’t sweet, it wasn’t
beautiful, it could barely qualify as a human voice. It was piercing,
shrieking, like whistle notes from hell. It wasn’t just hurting my ears,
I could hear it in my bones. I put the pillow over my ears and screamed
bloody murder.

​

Back to reality, I’m in my car, in the gas station parking lot,
screaming my fucking head off. I turned the key and set a course for the
liquor store, beer wasn’t going to do it.

​

I got absolutely plastered that night. I was scared to death I’d be
taken back there, that I would blink and I’d be a 10 year old kid in my
bed, and that god awful thing would be in the living room, shrieking the
Charlie Brown Christmas melody. I drank myself to sleep, and to my
relief, nothing happened. It was a silent night. (I’m sorry, that was
terrible)

​

All was well for the next 3 days, I thought I was out of the woods. I
wasn’t looking forward to my next therapy session and revealing to my
therapist that I had basically been having PTSD flashbacks of what was
probably a childhood nightmare, and instead of calling her I had just
decided to take matters into my own hands and drink away the fear. But
other than this, all was well. I was out of the woods, or so I thought.

​

Last night I was laying in my bed staring at the ceiling, when the final
layer, or at least I hope it’s the final layer, was peeled. I was a ten
year old kid again in my old room, I had just decorated the tree with my
family, I’m laying in bed, staring at the ceiling.

​

The shrieking starts again, more horrible than ever. It sounds like four
voices coming out of one mouth. The melody isn’t the Charlie Brown
Christmas Song, but something else, something that no human would ever
dare compose, and if they did, they should be arrested immediately. It
had that eerie, ethereal quality of music playing backwards, like the
contorted voice of John Lennon telling me Paul McCartney had been dead
for years. The notes hit were just outside the limits of the chromatic
scale, these sounds shouldn’t have been possible. They were not only
heard by my ears, but playing in my head. I felt it in my joints, I got
out of bed and started dancing, I don’t know why I was dancing, I don’t
dance as an adult and I definitely didn’t dance as a kid. But there I
was, dancing in the dark. I opened my door and went down the hallway
towards the living room. I was terrified, I should’ve been frozen with
fear, but I was drawn to it, this god awful noise. I was in a trance,
but totally lucid, I wanted to stay in bed and cover my ears, but I
couldn’t. It was like the pied piper, I followed it, this screeching,
droning, wailing voice. I entered the living room and I danced for what
seemed like hours. I was scared, I didn’t know why this was happening,
but my child mind reached a point of acceptance. The music became less
and less terrifying and more beautiful. The screeching, droning, wailing
melody sounded like the sweetest thing I’d ever heard. I was shaking,
crying, my skin erupted in goosebumps as I waltzed around the living
room.

​

​

Then it stopped. The living room was quiet and I returned to my senses.
That feeling of ease and comfort was gone, and there I was, a ten year
old kid, alone in my living room, confused, scared. I heard a rustling
and a soft whistled melody and turned around.

​

There was something behind the Christmas tree. It was crouching, it’s
long arms arched with multiple joints, black hands clawing at the
carpet. The side of its pitch black face pushed into the ground, in
between two boxes wrapped in red and green wrapping paper, I saw them,
two huge white eyes with beady black pupils watching me, stalking me. I
sprinted to my room and I heard the tree topple to the ground as it
leapt from its hiding place. I could feel it coming after me, it was
right behind me, I was just out of it’s reach. By some miracle I was
able to get to my room, slam the door and lock it. I jumped into my bed
and hid under the covers. I heard it ravenously clawing at my door,
screeching, braying, bellowing.

​

When I came back to reality I was a grown ass man screaming and
thrashing about in my bed. “Fuck this,” I shouted into the night. I
checked the time, it was 10:04, the liquor store was open. My therapist
be damned, I was going to get shitfaced, and shitfaced I got. I’m
writing this right now, hungover as hell and terrified. I called, my
therapist and told her what’s been going on. She didn’t scold me, she
just made me an appointment to come in at noon. I’ll update this thread
and tell you guys what she says. I don’t even want to know what’s wrong
with me. I don’t know if this is PTSD, psychosis or just daytime
nightmares, but I’m scared. Terrified.

But, it sounds so sweet.
