A souvenir of the relationship between you and I.

It was such a beautiful period of time, really.

The love we had, all the laughs we shared. I sometimes miss how easily
you could make me smile.

I still feel awed that you weren’t deterred by the walls I had built
around myself; that you cracked the shell I had covered myself in, that
you loved me when I felt like I couldn’t even like myself. And I will
forever be grateful to you for that.

Sure, I had had a lot of relationships before you.

But you were different.

I feel like I truly loved you. Like you were the only person I felt like
myself around, even if just a little bit. You taught me what emotional
safety actually felt like. You taught me that I wasn’t weak, or any less
of a man, for having feelings.

You made me feel just as loved when I cried as you did when I smiled.

Which is why, the souvenir of our relationship is the most special to me
out of all of the ones I have.

Even though we’re not a thing anymore, don’t you think it’s so romantic
how I made a wedding ring to commemorate our time together? You used to
say that you felt like I don’t listen to you, but guess what — it’s the
exact cut and design you always told me you wanted.

The only difference is, it’s not diamond.

It’s carved out of your fourth rib, the one that was the closest to your
heart. How thoughtful, right?

The carving process was pretty tricky, really, being the smallest piece
that I’ve ever worked on. The rest of my souvenirs are carved from the
bigger, thicker bones, and are certainly bigger than any stone on a
ring. See how much trouble I was willing to go through just for you?

And yes, I do remember that you made me promise that I’d always stay
with you.

I’ll honour that promise — I’ll carry this ring in my pocket everywhere
I go. Or use it as a pendant, I guess.

I do miss you a little bit, honestly. I almost started to believe that
you and I were going to last forever. That you were my soulmate, my
forever person. That you loved me enough to know better than to make me
angry.

Apparently not.

You just had to go digging, didn’t you?

You just had to keep pestering me about my mother. About my jail time.
About all my other souvenirs. About why I was always so ‘defensive,’
allegedly, when the topic of my exes came up.

You just couldn’t mind your own damn business, could you?

And now look where it got us.

Look where you got us.

I’m all alone again.

And you’re in the basement.

The one place I had to keep telling you not to go to. The one place you
kept insisting on visiting.

You loved winters, right?

Maybe I’ll keep you in the freezer longer than I kept the rest.
