It was supposed to be a perfectly normal family outing: my mum, my dad,
my sister, my baby brother, and me.

We were a middle-class family living in Southern Manchester in the 90s,
in a classic suburban home in the Heatons. I stayed with my parents and
siblings, never really moving out of the house or neighbourhood while
living with them. Usually, my mother woke my sister and me for school,
we’d get breakfast, and walk to the nearest school district we were
enrolled in.

The routine was normal: wake, eat, school, and home. Seldom would we go
out as a family to a shopping center, or the piers, where we’d have a
relatively good meal of either fried food, fast food, street food, or
mum would just propose to cook at home, to all our dismay.

But on one spring evening in February, my dad came home with a big grin;
the man rushed to my mother, who was cooking in the kitchen with Troye
sitting on a high chair, devouring colored blocks bigger than his mouth.

“We won! We won the free dinner!” Dad said,

“Oh my god—how is that possible?!”

Dad shrugged, he chuckled to himself before shoving an envelope into
Mum’s hands, “I don’t know either. I called them earlier, and they asked
me a bunch of questions about our food preferences. He had a lot of
questions about allergens, but I reassured him nobody was sensitive to
anything.”

“Oh goodness, this is great news! Orago is extremely exclusive, I hear
those snooty shallots in the Revlon counter constantly talk about
months-long bookings.”

Mum held the letter, reading the print on the page, as I tried to keep
my attention solely focused on my homework on the dining table. Her grin
faltered slightly as she read deeper into the print. “Oh, dinner is
scheduled in April.” Her smile was plastered back on as she looked up at
Dad before continuing to cook.

I had practically forgotten about that whole conversation until April of
that year, when I got home from school disheveled from playing soccer
with my schoolmates. Mum wasn’t pleased, saying I should’ve gone home
earlier, and cleaner, before telling me to get into the bath and wear
the outfit on my bed she picked out.

‘Allen, to the bath—now!’ Her voice lingered.

The outfit looked brand new, or I just never wore it enough to notice,
as vests weren’t really my thing even then, especially when I wore them
over a shirt and under a coat.

Time practically moved faster than it usually did when your family is in
a frenzy, until we found ourselves in Dad’s car on the way to
Spinningfields; that part of the city looked mesmerizing from inside the
car, we only ever passed by only to get to another point before, but to
really see the tall skyscrapers, and commercial buildings in its peak
bustling hour feels different when you knew the destination was exactly
there.

“You’d better be on your best behaviour when we get there,” Mum said,

Claire sank into her seat, unhappy with how she looked in her frilly
emerald dress. “Tell that to Ivan”

“I only fight back when you start it.” I retorted, leading to Mum having
to tell us both off while Troye sat happily in his car seat in a small
but adorable suit.

The car stopped in front of a garden-like driveway, where men in velvet
blue uniforms waited by a golden revolving door near high paned windows.

After Dad handed the keys and claimed a ticket from the valets, we were
led by an escort up to the restaurant, where my sister and I ogled at
the entrance; you could see the giant aquarium from the outside, while
the nearby wall lit up with the establishment’s name and logo—Orago’s

A waitress led us in after the maitre d’ had a brief exchange with my
dad. Claire looked just as mesmerized at the restaurant as I was, never
having seen anything like it before; we were used to the yellow and red,
ketchup and mustard type of interior from fast food places, so to see a
fancy restaurant was a brand new experience for us.

She led us to a darker spot in the restaurant, which had a Japanese
screen keeping privacy between the tables. Our area had 5 five seats and
a high chair surrounding a round table, topped with a tablecloth that
had one too many layers forming swags around the table. I rushed to sit
near the window, seeing the entirety of London’s skyline from the view.
Claire was pissed she didn’t get to it first, but couldn’t do much about
it; first-come, first-served, she knew the rules.

“Please get comfortable, I will be back with refreshments and your food
cards.” The waitress said,

Mum was seated beside Dad, while Claire was seated beside me, and Troye
was seated in his provided high chair beside Mum. Mum waited for the
waitress to be fully gone before pulling out a digital camera to start
taking photos of everyone and everything around her. “Meredith is going
to fume seeing these photos.” She said, jeering behind the camera.

“One, two, three, four…five?” Dad mumbled to himself.

“Honey, what are you doing?”

“There are five seats.”

“Yeah, because there are five of us.” Mum chortled.

“No, I already told them Troye needed a highchair instead.”

“Well, this table was probably made for five.”

Dad shrugged, letting Mum’s words brush off his thoughts as we all
waited patiently for the waitress to come back. She did not long after
with a cart full of drinks and menus. She asked Claire and me if we
wanted sodas or juice. I had a Coke while she had sparkling apple juice;
she gave Troye his own small cup of orange juice.

She turned to Mum and Dad, asking which wine they preferred; “We’ll have
the red.” Dad said, as Mum nodded.

The waitress spoke a bunch of wine jargon, talking about how old the
wine was before uncorking the bottle in front of us, causing Claire to
jolt. “That’s scary. I don’t think I like wine.” She said,

“More for me, and Troye.”

She made a disgusted expression as the waitress began to fill the wine
glasses on the table with wine, first Mum’s, then Dad’s, then the third
wine glass by the vacant seat.

My parents paused, the drink barely touching their lips as they looked
at her. “Um, sweetie, who’s—” My Mum chuckled before putting the drink
down, “Who is that supposed to be for?”

The waitress glanced at them; her polite eyes hadn’t wavered. “Your
guest, of course,” she said, smiling before walking away with the
beverage cart.

Mum and Dad stared at the extra wine glass.”I—I’ll drink it.” Mum said,
brushing off the tension with an outstretched hand.

“No, just leave it there,” Dad said,

Claire was too engrossed in the menu, reading the names off the food
card, while Troye suckled on the sippy cup full of orange juice.
“Claire.” I held my sister’s arm as she brushed me off, annoyed.

“What?”

“Did you put the juice in his bottle?” I asked,

“What are you talking abou—” She paused as we both watched our baby
brother, not noticing the fallen plastic cup that was once filled with
orange juice roll under the table.

“What on earth did you two do?!” Mum said, seeing Troye’s baby bottle
full of orange juice.

“It wasn’t me!” We said in unison,

“Why would you do this? Who did this?!” Mum took Troye’s orange bottle
as he began crying.

The table was a bustling cacophony of familial exchange; for a moment,
we forgot we were in a fine dining establishment. Mum was scolding us,
Troye was sobbing loudly, Dad drank Mum’s wine, while Claire and I tried
to convince her we were innocent.

“Enough!” She snapped, silencing Claire and me.

Mum took Troye from his chair to calm him from crying, but even within
her arms, he bawled, until she paced walking around the table,
whispering pleas for him to quiet down before we get kicked out of the
establishment. People were beginning to stare, their darkened eyes
glared at our table, before whispering to themselves, and the empty
seats beside them. Dad sighed, taking another sip from Mum’s glass.

I furrowed my brows.

All of the tables had one empty seat, one singular seat that no one
occupied.

Troye stopped crying as Mum walked near the empty seat at our table; he
laughed, his small hands motioning at the sixth seat. Mum was too
relieved to even notice how odd the baby reacted, as she sat him back
down in the highchair to rest her feet. Troye didn’t take his gaze away
from the empty seat, clapping and laughing while kicking his feet.

“You drank all my wine?” Mum said, looking exasperated at Dad as her
glass sat empty beside her plate.

“Yeah, there’s another glass right there anyway—” He paused,

The 3rd glass was empty too.

“You drank the other one too?!” Mum said, trying too hard not to raise
her voice, but Dad couldn’t muster up a response to even defend himself
as he looked at the 3rd empty glass.

“N—No, no I didn’t—” He said, barely forming a coherent sentence.

Mum sighed, “You’d better pray that girl brings back the whole bottle.”

The waitress returned, but not with the bottle. She carted in a whole
bonsai tree in a tray before placing it in the middle of the table; the
tree had small pockets of food dangling from the branches. Each of us
tried it, taking a bite of the round, bubble-sealed food.

It was fun, I wasn’t sure what to make of it, actually. The shell felt
like a thin layer of sensitive plastic, and as I popped it into my
mouth, a burst of flavor coated my tongue—floral, yet savory and sweet
at the same time. Claire said hers tasted like lavender mint.

“So like laundry soap? You’re eating soapy sacks, sis?” I asked, barely
containing my laugh as she shoved me.

The appetizers arrived one after another, each more ridiculous than the
last. I couldn’t understand why anyone would pay so much money for food
that looked like science experiments, but every time I reluctantly tried
the food, it somehow tasted exactly like something familiar. From peeled
onions resembling a tapeworm on the plate, drizzled in olive oil and
breadcrumbs, to deconstructed burgers, each component of a burger is
turned into a ball before being pierced with a stick.

The ‘Nugget’ was the strangest so far; the appetizer was a barely formed
duck embryo housed inside thin crispy strings forming a nest, blanketed
on a toasted wonton skin. Its eyes were pitch black, and from what you
could make out was the head still barely separating from the rest of its
body.

Claire looked as though she was about to burst into tears when I turned
to her. She looked at the duck embryo with pity. “I…I can’t eat this.”
She mumbled.

Mum looked perplexed before Dad spoke; “It’s good to try new things,
Claire, you can’t appreciate what you don’t discover.”

Dad ate a whole nest as Claire looked mortified. “Dad, don’t eat it!”

“Honey, I… I think we should just return this; it doesn’t look
appetizing.” Mum said,

“Nonsense! It’s fine, I’ll eat it.”

Dad practically finished the whole plate as we watched him eat all eight
nests. The three of us sat in silence watching him eat before he gulped
down the whole glass of water in one breath. Troye didn’t understand
what was happening on the table, and quite frankly, we didn’t either;
although he was more particularly occupied by the empty seat opposite to
him, the empty plate with untouched utensils looked proper,

Ready.

Waiting.

Troye giggled again, kicking his feet under the table, as the waitress
came back, she took the used plates before setting down six different
plates; Claire and I let out a sigh of relief, realizing the food
finally looked normal. Mum had what looked like chicken alfredo,
Claire’s plate was a plate of lasagna, Troye had a bowl of tepid
mushroom soup, and mine was a classic spaghetti with a palm-sized
meatball on the top.

Dad had a plate of what looked like steak and potatoes; the potatoes
looked mashed with gravy sauce on top, but the meat looked… red.

“Richard, that’s too undercooked, we need to return—”

Mum paused, as she watched Dad eat the undercooked steak; it bordered
between rare and raw as each slice he took to put into his mouth juiced
with red liquid, too sheer to be blood, but too red to be water. He
happily ate his meal, pairing it occasionally with the mashed potatoes
before turning to us.

“Go on, it’ll get cold.” He gestured at our food before we too took
bites of our own meals.

Mum occupied herself with her food, slightly shifting on her seat to
move away from Dad, while Claire helped Troye eat his soup, taking bites
off of her own meal occasionally. I ate my own meal as well, though I
was better off eating nothing at all, as my taste buds barely registered
the food; my mind was occupied with the sixth plate between Dad and me.

My fork balanced the giant ball of beef, as my eyes trailed towards the
curling heat steaming from the plate a few feet away; the dish looked
like a plump pouch of sheer flesh, resting on top of an orange sauce. I
jolted back slightly, seeing a seam tear open—a clean, straight slice,
before small intestines began to pool out along with a soup of thick
cream liquid.

I checked the food card I set aside, and right on the main course
category, my eyes settled on ‘The Babe’; a pound of steamed milk-fed
baby goat intestines cooked with mushroom roux, wrapped within the goat
mother’s flavorful rumen, served with the in-house citrus sauce.

“M-Mum…” I muttered under my breath. I wasn’t sure if my mother heard me
the first time, as I was about to call attention to the sixth plate, but
the meatball on my fork finally slipped off as it rolled down onto the
floor. A wet slap hit the ground before the sphere disappeared beneath
the table.

I felt a heated glare against the skin of my nape, when I turned I saw
Dad’s eyes towards me, blank—empty as his mouth opened to speak; I
caught a glimpse of his bloody teeth, the once white teeth he
meticulously maintained, and encouraged and Claire to do the same; the
man who emphasized on the importance of hygiene was a far cry to what I
was seeing now.

“Go on, put it back on your plate. It’s rude to make a mess.” Dad said,
as the red juices from his meal lined the edges of his mouth.

I got off my chair reluctantly, before getting to my knees; lifting the
layers of tablecloth, I was met with a darkness bordering on pitch
black. I squinted, trying to make out where the ball of meat could have
been until… I was staring right at it; in front of my face was the
meatball clasped within an outstretched hand towards me.

My throat practically clamped shut as my breathing halted, my own hand
uncurled by itself right under it, as it handed it to me. My eyes never
left the dark; it never left the sight of the aged, greyish, pale hand,
with nails too long and dull. I felt my hand tremble as the meat slopped
against my palm, the black shadow or outline I had been looking at for
what felt like minutes had moved, and that’s when I finally saw light
peek from the other side of the table.

The heart in my chest dropped seeing Troye’s feet dangling, wearing only
one shoe, as the other had already fallen under the table; he was
inching closer and closer; the only thing keeping him held onto the seat
were the harness holding him.

I practically jumped from under the table before rushing towards Troye,
unhooking the harness, and carrying him into my arms. The baby began to
cry as I held him close. “There’s something under there, w-we have to
leave!” I practically yelled out, I didn’t care if I was drawing
attention from other diners.

“What are you talking about? Allen, sit down!” Mum said,

“No! We have to leave, we have to go now!” I said,

Dad’s face hadn’t changed; he wasn’t even reacting to a thing I was
saying. Meanwhile, Claire was at my side as she cooed to calm Troye. Mum
was trying to get a hold of the situation, but as she stood, the table
began to shake, while Dad sat on his own, unmoving in his seat. Every
unfinished food on the table began to topple to the floor as Mum backed
against the wall, holding her purse.

The waitress came back while the table shook violently, and she sighed.

“I’m afraid you’ll be asked to leave. We’ve been receiving some
complaints about the commotion from your table.” She said as I rushed
past her with Claire following behind.

Mum dragged Dad as we all rushed out of the restaurant and into the
elevator. I watched as the waitress and maitre’d stood just outside by
the glowing sign ‘Orago’s’ before the elevator door ultimately closed
the barrier between our family and the restaurant.

“W-What was…” Claire muttered, but her words barely made it out as she,
too, could barely process what had happened.

We waited in the lobby before Granddad came by taxi. Mum told Gran that
Dad couldn’t drive, that he had too much to drink in the restaurant, to
which he scolded him for on the hotel lobby’s couch for being
‘irresponsible’, but Dad barely listened; he just stared at the floor
before Mum gave him the ticket to give to the chauffeurs to return the
car.

During the ride, Dad was shoved to the backseat while Mum sat on the
passenger seat, and the three of us children were in our usual spots.
Claire and Troye had fallen asleep while Mum spoke to Gran about what
happened in the restaurant. Gran only listened as he drove, while my
eyes trailed to Troye’s shoeless foot. I lay my head on him gently,
thankful that my baby brother was safe, from… whatever it was under the
table.

Though it felt like the storm had passed, I could still feel the
lingering stare, the feeling of eyes glaring towards me, at the back of
my head, and on the skin of my nape.

As weeks and months had gone by since that day, Dad… became an
alcoholic, after work he would come home to drink more than three
glasses of wine. I noticed the strain in Mum and Dad’s relationship;
they no longer greeted each other with kisses before and after work. Mum
would sometimes sleep in Claire’s room, and this became the new normal
for us, even if… it never truly felt normal beneath the underlying
feeling none of us could address.

It had been years since that faithful dinner; Dad had passed from
alcohol poisoning alone after I graduated college, Mum and Dad were
already divorced by heart years before he passed, taking us with her to
live with Granddad; Claire, Troye, and Mum still lived together in
Manchester while I had to move to London for work.

Although many years had passed, and sometimes I do find myself thinking
it was… all just in my imagination, that maybe I really did just make up
whatever was hiding under the table, but whether it was real or not, I
still found myself checking and peeking beneath other tables from time
to time.

And that perhaps the vacant seats we ignore were already taken to begin
with.
