In my wildest dreams, I would never have seen it. That somewhere out
there, there was lying contently an idea so broad and expansive that the
world itself was its paperweight. My own fingers type these words
despite the contradiction, for there is no explanation, no such story
other than a human’s attempt at a few paragraphs of ill thought of
descriptions. I am watching now as does a budding potato, to be consumed
eventually by some creature I have no conceivable rationale of. In my
design, a million, nay, billion is sufficient for my understanding. What
number does it bear witness to? It is before me now, truly, it is in
these words.

It was the early 2000s, and I was on some online forum discussing a few
ideas with my friends. One such idea was how a potato’s roots spread
out. Hypotheticals were being thrown around, and eventually one was
brought up that is uncanny in design.

“What if a potato, under certain circumstances, kept growing its roots
out, reaching across the entire earth?”

My closest friend brought this up; his ideas were always interesting.

“You know, it would have to be a pretty large potato too. Think about
what that would mean, though. Like a giant hivemind affecting the whole
world.”

It was actually just the two of us having this discussion if I remember
correctly, but to not to seem as though I’m interrupting, I continued
the bit by saying to him,

“What if other vegetables did the same, other plants?”

Of course, there are plants, like certain trees, that are quite large
enough and have very deep roots. For one to cover the entire earth
though, that would be a spectacle.

“Nah, it would have to be a potato. I’ve seen a few online, they can get
quite large. They also last for a while.”

“Ok, but what’s the significance in it, what’s the point. It’s just a
potato.”

I said this to him, and he laughed, and I laughed a little bit, just a
chuckle, but then the sounds of it became construed to mean an ending
was close to our discussion on a potato hive mind. His last sentence
still lingers in my mind.

“Where would its roots end though? That’s the point. If it is rooted to
something as large as the earth, then is it still a potato?”

There wasn’t much discussion left to have thereafter, as it was getting
pretty late, and tomorrow would come as does the clock’s second hand
with the next second. I signed off, eyes dry from staring so long at my
computer. Laughing with my friend in our pointless back and forth
monologue normally would drain me, though ideas untold of kept coming to
me later that night. They branched off of my friend’s idea, culminating
in something so much larger. As if a thousand mirrors had suddenly
opened up to show doorways and halls within their frames, to some other
plane of existence yet discovered. Discovery is inapt, of course, since
there is none to be had. It would seem that it goes on for forever.

I signed back on later that night. It was around 2 am. My friend must
have been asleep. I watched the screen, weary, I think. I watched it
with zeal, I think. The ideas turning and postulating and culminating
and beating and then breathing and watching back from some facet of
creation. All displayed on my screen; rivulets and spots of the coarsest
browns and deepest oranges ran across. The electricity powering my
house, powering my computer, was being funneled into it. I was sure as I
saw its eyes twitch from pleasure, this spotty, green eyed being. It
would fade into a deluge of information, the words of the forum
rearranging and changing into completely new experiences. It felt like
the coming of a second being comparable to our flesh, beyond it even.

My brain must have attempted to understand it all, but, through failure,
reconciled onto one idea. A field of flowers with a lady in a dress the
color of belated fall. It was spring, it must have been with all of the
clashing colors of yellow, green, blue, and what not. There was a
silence with the breeze, my form felt it all, and I sensed that she was
laughing. She had no face, I could not tell really with only her back
facing me, but she had no face. Her head too round for a human, and I
wished that it was there, for just a moment, some sort of connection.
Even with her dress and hat, there was nothing. I could not speak as my
brain could not understand what was happening, so my speech must have
been the wind I felt rushing against me, the grass pressing against my
toes, my being as I thought I existed there.

She did not exist, with that uncanny laughter. My emotions pleaded with
me, tortured me in all of its ego, that creation of being of further
thought and sensitivity. I felt immediately that I was nothing there,
just a viewer among flowers hearing or watching some laughter I could
not understand truly. I was nothing, but a tinge of my being sprouted.

She left, the flowers left, yesterday became today to eventually become
tomorrow. I seized everything. It was all mine. The words, the days, the
wants, the pleasures, the ultimate experience. Not a single individual I
did not relate to, suffer with, or die with. I was everything at once,
my human flesh unaccounted for. Nothing was understood by me, yet
everything was at my whim. I sought the greatest degree which was
bounded by an endless void. The stardust is fitting for a human’s
conception, the stardust of cosmos far out, beyond what is normal, green
is a fitting black there. There is no semblance of rationale, yet
everything makes sense. The world could spin a million times, and its
eventual culmination would be a mere minutia of what I experienced. Yet,
as in a dream, something plucked me away from this being.

Before my desk, I felt moisture on my hands and forehead. I had a bit of
a fever, it seemed, but it cooled down a little bit later. It was now
the morning, or noon, and on my screen were my friend’s messages, my own
from some hours ago. A language I could not understand typed there, and
just below, my friend’s message just a few minutes ago,

“Woah. Can you send the link? That’s a pretty cool font.”
