It started at her eyes.

Streaks of amber liquid surged from her tear ducts, pouring down her
wrinkled cheeks and dribbling over her top lip. Her expression was
vacant, but she’d clamped down on my hand. I felt her payment growing
soggy in my palm, crumpled bills becoming slick with sweat as I watched
her begin to die. 

I wrenched my hand away. 

The old woman stumbled back, landing on the piano keys with a
dissonant thunk. 

Her ears began to leak. 

Then her nose, then her mouth. 

Finally, the liquid seemed to fill her lungs. 

She clawed at her chest, turning blue, gurgling. Even after she was
dead, that amber liquid continued to seep. By the time the ambulance
arrived her dress was soaked, all the way down to the hemline. The sight
was horrible. The noises were worse. But it was the scent that truly
haunted me, clung to me like a leech with steel teeth. Floral, earthy,
and slightly bitter. 

It was tea. 

“For once, I’m grateful for Juniper’s…introversion,” I murmured,
massaging my temple. “She bolted upstairs right after her lesson.
Perfect timing. Didn’t see a thing.”

Charlie nodded.

I skewered some pork roast and forced it in my mouth, pretending to have
an appetite. My brother-in-law’s cooking was good, and it was fragrant,
but it wasn’t enough to overpower the stench of fresh tea lingering in
my mind. He knew that Ms. Clara died in the house, but that’s it. I
didn’t provide the details. I wouldn’t give him a reason to think I was
losing my grip. 

“How’s Juniper holding up?”

I shrugged. 

“OK, all things considered. She wasn’t a huge fan of piano lessons to
begin with. Despised them, actually. She’ll be glad to hear they’re
over.” 

“Silver linings,” he replied. 

A dull silence fell over us, thick and uncomfortable.

“You know what Juni’s interested in nowadays?” I started. 

The question wasn’t rhetorical, but he didn’t look up from his plate, so
I just kept going. 

“Gardening. Flowers, specifically. She’s got a little patch in the
backyard. Beth was real cute about it. Wanted to support her interest.
She’d order seeds on Friday, and by the time Monday rolled around, she’d
have something new to surprise Juni with. Marigolds, coneflowers,
zinnias - “ 

“Are you sure my niece wouldn’t want to join us for dinner?” 

Every syllable pulsed with irritation. 

I shook my head. 

“No…uh…she filled up on popsicles. Took a box up to her room after EMS
cleared out.” 

He raised his eyebrows. 

“And that’s…nutritious?” 

Blood boiled beneath my skin. 

“She’s nine, Charlie. Her mother passed a month ago. Violently. If she
wants sugar-free popsicles for dinner, that’s what she’ll get.” 

I stood, grabbed his plate, and marched to the sink. 

“Just looking out for her, Rob.” 

“Yeah, whatever.” 

Charlie let himself out. I loomed at the faucet, but never managed to
flip it on. The thought of water gushing into the basin made me
intensely nauseous. 

Before I slipped into bed, I put my ear to Juniper’s door. There was the
soft churn of her small printer. Figured she was engrossed in homework,
so I didn’t bother knocking. 

Life went on. 

Ms. Clara’s death had been a confusing, electrifying blip, but I quickly
rationalized the event. I was mistaken. I had to be. She had a sip of
Earl Grey right before the heart attack, or the stroke - the natural
thing that’d actually killed her. Before long, everything returned to
our new normal, Ms. Clara a distant memory, the days passing like
colorless sludge.

I had a few weeks left on my bereavement leave.

I occupied myself best I knew how. 

Tended to our backyard, which, after a month of neglect, had become
overgrown and speckled with brown weeds. Picked up the house - tidied
everywhere but Juniper’s room. Called a contractor to evaluate some
structural blemishes: tiny black dots mottling the walls, mold or
something. Took a stab at consolidating the photographic omnipresence of
my late wife - those emotional landmines that I stepped on every time I
walked into a new room - but failed miserably. I couldn’t bring myself
to move a single picture, but every day, I’d try. 

I don’t remember exactly when I noticed the change. 

Juniper’s always been quiet. Soft-spoken. Self-sufficient and a bit
reclusive.

But one Tuesday morning, as I was sipping coffee on my stoop, basking in
the pinkish flutters of a fresh dawn, I asked myself: 

When was the last time I heard her say…anything?

And for the life of me, I couldn’t remember. 

She hadn’t spoken since Ms. Clara’s death. I felt relatively certain of
that. So, at a bare minimum, it’d been a few days, but it was longer
than that, wasn’t it? Did she talk to anyone at the funeral? I couldn’t
recall. Juniper had an odd disposition that day. She was quiet, but it
wasn’t her usual bashfulness, retreating from view to avoid unwanted
conversation. She stood by my side, awake but inert, nearly catatonic.
Wavy blonde curls hung over her black dress. She preferred her hair
straight, but she was afraid to handle the straightening iron. Her mom
was great at it. Guess I’d have to learn how to be great at it, too. 

My head turned to the chirp of happy whistling. Our mailman, a stout
forty-something with a generous beer gut, was bouncing down the
sidewalk, doing his rounds. 

“Morning, Rob!” 

I shot him a half-hearted wave. Couldn’t muster anything more. Anxiety
churned like spoiled milk in my gut. The last time I could recall her
speaking was the night of the crash. Heated words with her mother. A
screaming match. Juniper wanted a lock for her bedroom door; Beth
believed she was too young for that level of privacy. If she’s old
enough to have her own laptop, she’s probably old enough for a lock - I
thought, but I kept that thought to myself. Tiptoed into my home office
and carefully shut the door. I stayed out of it. Everything was easier
that way. 

I attempted to exorcise my worry.

Inhale, exhale, sip of coffee. 

Calm down. 

Just because you can’t remember doesn’t mean it never happened. 

You’re a good father. 

She’s fine. 

And it’s all going to be OK - 

The neighborhood erupted with terrible noise: a howl, sharp and primal.
I leaped up, heart stammering. The mailman was on the driveway, doubled
over, writhing. Even a few feet away, I could feel it. 

The heat. 

Steam hissed from his midsection. Blood pooled beneath his ivory-colored
button-down, a block of thick burgundy with perfect demarcation, a flat
line separating white and red, safety and pain. His face was a mess of
fear and confusion. Our eyes met. He looked to me for help. For relief.
For an answer. I had nothing to give him. 

And his legs were next. 

Flesh sizzled across his exposed calves. The burning progressed
horizontally, outside in, from right to left, the same size as the
bleeding along his torso.

I couldn’t move. I couldn’t think. I stared at the bone glistening
between his cooked tendons. The air smelled like meat and metal. 

Vapor began to diffuse from his cheekbone. 

I closed my eyes. 

His howl became wet. 

Then finally, mercifully, 

it was over. 

The police had a different attitude that time around.

With Ms. Clara, there was sympathy. Pats on the shoulder. Comforting
voices. Expressions that said “jeez, what a horrible thing you just
endured”. Now, each little action seemed rife with distrust. Two people
had died on my property in less than a week. Neither death had been
witnessed. If they’d been able to pin a motive or a plausible method to
explain how I’d killed them, I’m sure I would’ve been arrested on
suspicion of murder. 

I still left my home in handcuffs that morning. 

The guy was a prick. Big mother fucker with beady eyes and a fat head.
Kept insinuating that I wasn’t fit to take care of Juni by myself. He
wasn’t direct about it, but I felt it, jab after jab after jab. I
maintained my cool. But then he was strolling through my house like he
owned the place, chuckling about something under his breath, and he
knocked over an end table. Glass fractured on the hardwood. I took one
look at the shattered frame, and I saw red. My fist was airborne before
I consciously understood what I was doing. 

The holding cell reeked of stale urine. 

I paced around the cramped space, mind on fire, knuckles swelling bright
purple. What the hell was I thinking? Stupid. Just so resoundingly
stupid. 

Seconds slowly turned to minutes. 

Dread crawled through my veins like a fever.

First, Ms. Clara. Now the postman. One’s a fluke, but two? That’s a
pattern, and there was one common denominator. 

Me. 

Charlie was kind enough to bail me out. By the time we were exiting the
station, the sky was beginning to dim. I hopped into the passenger seat
of his car. I’d spent the last two hours racking my brain, replaying my
memories, trying to make sense of the ungodly circumstances, but I’d
forgotten about the one thing in my life that actually mattered, and she
was sitting silently in the back of Charlie’s sedan. 

“Oh…hey Juni.”

I quickly examined her. No glassy eyes. No flushed cheeks. She appeared
well-rested, calm, and content. There were a few small smudges on the
back of her hand. 

“You been scribbling treasure maps on yourself with Sharpie again?” I
asked with a wink. 

She didn’t move.

We jerked out of the parking spot. I could hear Charlie audibly huffing
in the driver’s seat. 

“We need to talk about your behavior.” 

I grimaced.

“Listen…I know. I screwed up, but you get it. You have to get it.”

“Get what?” 

I paused, searching for words, watching cars flash by as we turned onto
the highway. 

“Grief. It’s a…volatile sort of thing. I lost myself in it.”

“You don’t have the option to lose yourself, Rob, not anymore.” His eyes
darted between traffic and the rear-view mirror. He was watching Juni.
Monitoring her. 

“You have responsibilities. And…” he swallowed hard, fingers tapping the
steering wheel, “…I’ll help. Of course I’ll help, any way I can. Just
pull it together. For her sake.” 

He was right. 

Acknowledging that fact hurt, wounded my pride a bit, but I couldn’t
deny it. 

So, I leaned back, and I nodded. 

“Thanks, Charlie. I’ll do better. I promise I will.” 

We pulled into the driveway around nightfall. Juniper scampered out of
the vehicle and raced inside, swinging the front door closed with a
heavy thud. My brother-in-law sighed. He turned to me. 

“You think she’s doing OK?” 

I was taken aback. Wasn’t like him to ask for my opinion so sincerely. 

“She’s been so quiet,” he went on, “not her normal quiet, where you can
tell she’s deep in thought or daydreaming. Doesn’t seem like she’s
upset, either. She just seemed…I don’t know. I can’t put my finger on
it.” 

Patiently, he waited. 

I considered confiding in Charlie. 

But what would happen if I did?

How would he respond? 

He’d be alarmed. 

He’d insist on being more involved. 

He’d buzz around my home, nitpick my every action, reprimand me like an
overzealous schoolteacher. 

No. 

It wasn’t necessary.

Juniper was fine.

Everything was OK.  

I placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. 

“You’re overthinking it, Charlie. Juni’s…processing the grief in her own
way. You know how she is. Fiercely independent but stubborn as a goat,
just like Beth.” 

He chuckled. Tears glinted in the moonlight. 

“Yeah. You’re probably right.” 

I smiled. 

“But…uh…I’ll look into a therapist. Just in case.” 

I stepped out of the car. Charlie started to say something.

“Call me if - “ 

I slammed the door shut and waved him off. 

The house was pitch-black when I got inside. It was never that dark. I
knelt beside the door, dragging my fingers down the wall until I found a
small bulb poking from an electrical outlet. I took it out and plugged
it back in. No light. I delved further into the darkness, stumbling,
tripping over stray shoes and old fast food wrappers until I reached the
switch. I flicked it, unsurprised when nothing happened. 

“Juli?” I called out. “Where are you?” 

Silence. 

I shuddered.

“The electricity is out…so….we may need to -” 

Hazy light streamed into the living room. The bulb by the door began to
glow. 

Suddenly, everything was working again. 

“Huh.” 

I didn’t dwell on it. My muscles ached. My brain throbbed. 

It was time for bed. 

When I reached the top of the stairs, I stopped. A strange realization
rooted me to the landing. I’d been creeping on my tiptoes, not out of an
effort to be quiet, but out of a fear of being heard. Detected
by…something. I peered toward my daughter’s room. A closed door at the
end of a nebulous hallway that seemed miles and miles away. I turned and
began inching the other way, slowly, cautiously. Once safely in my
bedroom, I eased the door shut, threw back some sleeping pills, and slid
under the covers. 

My sleep was restless. 

I was plagued by visions of a woman with gurgling, tea-drenched lungs, 

of a man being cooked alive by some unseen force, 

of a home with ink-black walls and an empty stomach. 

I shot upright, gasping.

Sunlight streamed through the cracks in the blinds. I grabbed my alarm
clock.

10:04 A.M. 

I wiped the sweat from my clammy forehead and collapsed back into bed. I
examined the ceiling, tracing some tiny cracks in the drywall with my
eyes. 

An epiphany hit me like a freight train. 

The black dots on the walls. The electrical disturbances. The impossible
deaths. 

It’s not me. I’m not the common denominator.

It’s the house. 

I rocketed from bed. Manic energy pulsed through my body. It’s some sort
of curse, a preternatural infestation; maybe it sprung up from the land,
maybe it’s always been here. A ghost, a hex, a goddamned wormhole - the
cause didn’t matter. I didn’t need to understand it. 

I just needed to leave. 

We just needed to leave.

I marched into the bathroom, flipped on the sink, and splashed some cold
water onto my face. I stared at myself in the mirror. 

“That makes sense, right?” 

My voice was hoarse. I raised my hand and dragged trembling fingertips
across my jaw. I looked…thin. No, not thin; I looked emaciated,
malnourished, downright skeletal. Sunken cheeks and sunken eyes and - 

A flurry of thunderous knocks exploded through the house. 

I paced from the bathroom. Nerves thrumming. Heart racing. Something
stopped me dead in my tracks. 

There was no light coming through the blinds. I looked at my clock. 

“No…” I murmured. 

7:08 P.M. 

I blinked slowly. Picked at the skin of my forearm. Told myself to wake
up, but nothing happened, nothing changed, I was awake, and it was real,
it was all real. 

KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK

I sprinted from my bedroom. Down the hallway. Down the stairs. I swung
the front door open. Charlie marched inside. His teeth were clenched.
His face was flushed, rose-red and glistening with sweat. 

“You have any idea how many times I’ve called you?!” 

I stammered. Pulled my phone from my pocket. It was dead. 

“When I bailed you out, you said everything was OK, and like an idiot, I
believed you, I trusted you. Got a voicemail from Juniper’s school.
She’s been absent for days, and they can’t seem to reach you.” 

Charlie stormed through the living room, head on a swivel, scowling at
the disorder, the empty milk cartons, the shards of glass I never
cleaned up, the moldy noodles flittering with insect movement. 

“W-what the hell are you talking about? Juni went to school yesterday.
You…you picked her up…then you picked me up from the station.” 

He turned to me. Wide-eyed, slack-jawed, earnestly dumbfounded. 

“That was last week, Rob.” 

Silence enveloped us.  

The lights flickered. 

I wobbled in place. 

A whisper drifted from my lips.

“Please…I need to wake up…” 

His mouth fell open. 

“That’s it!”

His voice echoed through my home. 

“Enough. Is. Enough. I’m getting Juniper, and we’re going.” 

He threw his hands in the air and advanced toward the stairs. I let him
push past me.

As he reached for the banister, it began.

Just a noise at first. A quiet cracking. A sound like a dry branch
breaking under a boot heel. Charlie grunted, then bellowed, then
screamed. His body was still, but his foot was moving. Turning.
Rotating. Thirty degrees. Ninety degrees. The cracking grew loud, fleshy
fireworks popping into my ears. Eventually, one set of toes was facing
me, and the other was facing away.

His left leg was next. 

Then his left arm, his right arm, and finally, his head. He tumbled to
the floor, contorted like a broken action figure. 

I jumped over his twisted corpse and bolted upstairs. Rounded the
corner, flew down the hallway, and ripped Juniper’s door open. 

I wasn’t prepared. 

Don’t know how anyone could be. 

My daughter was sitting on the rug, cross-legged, grinning. Her hands
were adorned with marker ink, a delicate and precise pattern, thin lines
that refused to intersect, a black labyrinth. Paper was strewn across
the room, dozens and dozens of sheets, printouts from various websites
in a language I didn’t recognize, grainy pictures of women with jagged
teeth holding animal skulls and fields of vibrant wildflowers. There was
a ring of petals in the center of the room, with black splotches
radiating outward, dappling the floor, and the walls, and the ceiling. 

Inside that ring were four stick figures, constructed from popsicle
sticks. 

One was submerged in a mug of old tea, head first.

Another was lying flat, limbs branded with rectangular scorch marks. A
hair straightener was plugged in nearby. 

The third was shattered. Legs snapped. Head removed. 

I stared at the fourth for a long, long time. 

I couldn’t bear it. 

I thought I might die, right then and there. 

It was pinned under a toy car. 

Beth. 

My daughter relayed a message. Her mouth stayed shut, but I heard her
voice. It was in my skull. 

“I’d like for you to install a lock on my door. Do you understand?” 

I gazed at the stick figure under the car. When I asked the doctor if
she died instantly, they hesitated. I wondered how long she had
suffered. 

“Do you understand?” 

Juniper’s voice evolved into a migraine. I clutched my aching head. 

“Yes. I understand.” 

“Good. The postman did not deliver my seeds this week. Fix that.” 

I nodded. Suddenly, the pain intensified. I cried out. 

“Or did you neglect to order them?” 

Bile slithered up my throat. I shook my head, over and over. 

“No…no…of course not…”

The pain disappeared. 

“Yes, of course not. You are a loving father.” 

Juniper picked up a loose popsicle stick and began smearing glue along
one side. 

She was creating a fifth totem.

“I’m confident you’ll remain that way.” 

I left her room.

Shut the door, walked down the hallway,

and crawled into bed. 

I can’t seem to sleep, but that’s alright.

A voice that’s probably mine repeats the mantra in my head, and I feel
content.

Everything is OK. 

Everything is OK. 

Everything

is

OK. 
