I first noticed Oliver one Tuesday afternoon when my parents came to
pick me up from school. He was sitting on the pavement, his back against
the wall, headphones on.

From the moment I saw him, I knew he was different, not just for his emo
style, but because he didn’t seem like the typical highschool boys here,
who are either very ugly or vape behind the cafeteria and are still
ugly.

From that point on, I began crushing on him and saw him in the entrance
area a couple of times, but never said anything because I was too shy.
And he’d probably just shoo me away, since he seemed quite antisocial.

However, one day I walked up to him and greeted him politely. He looked
at me, then greeted me back. I made sure to greet him and compliment/
ask how he’s doing every time I saw him. And it worked! Soon we’d
occasionally have short conversations. I’d planned to confess my love
for him in the weeks leading up to Christmas, but the next day after my
decision I was in the cafeteria eating lunch when I looked out the
window & saw something shocking.

Oliver was heading towards the bus stop a block away, but in his company
was a very gorgeous blonde. I saw him say something to her and she
laughed. I was seething with rage. How dare she take him! He was the
only good looking kid, all my hopes about us, wasted! I’d never taken
revenge on anyone, but I knew that she had to go out of the way.

I noticed her opening her locker the next morning and memorized the
number. From that point on it was easy, I sent her a couple notes about
how something bad will happen if she doesn’t leave Oliver. Of course, I
wasn’t going to hurt her, I just wanted to scare her. Eventually, I
stopped seeing her. I was happy, at least she was gone and I’d have
Oliver all to myself. About a week later, I told him about my feelings,
asking if he’d want to go out with me. He looked at me, then said

“No, I’m not ready for dating anyone yet”.

I knew he lied, when I managed to peek at his phone and he had someone
saved as ‘crush💗’ . This was the final straw. The very next day, I
invited him to my house, telling him that we can have some soda and then
hike through the woods where the abandoned house was rumored to be.

Luckily, he came over. As we walked towards the woods, where the
abandoned house was,I prayed that the sleeping pills I put in his drink
would work. They did. He collapsed to ground just feet away from the
entrance. I dragged him into the house, into the basement and got
everything ready.

15 minutes later, he began stirring. I watched as he lifted his head and
looked down at his wrists and ankles, which were now bound.

“What have you done to me? Why am I tied up?” He asked, frantically
trying to escape.

“Shh, calm down, it’s only to ensure you don’t end up running away.”

“You’re sick.”

“No, I’m not, I just want you to myself. It’s a good thing I got that
dumb blonde out of the way so she won’t take you away from me anymore.”
“What blonde?”

“The one who you were talking to on the way to the bus stop!” I yelled
angrily.

“You mean my sister? You’re why she ended her life?!”

“That was your sister? I’m sorry, I-I didn’t know,” I stammered,
thinking of a response.

“Well, you should be sorry, you psychotic yandere fucker!”

That was enough for me. I reached out to slap his face, but he instantly
turned his head and bit my hand. I demanded him to let go, and when he
didn’t, I smacked him across the face. After he let go, I confessed my
love for him.

“So, will you be mine?” I asked, hoping he’d say yes. Instead he
rejected me.

“Well, I guess I’ll just have to keep you here until you’ll love me”, I
said.

“I’ve disconnected the house phone and destroyed yours, the front door
is locked up, the windows are boarded up, so there’s no escape. I’ll
come by once a week to bring you food and anything else you need.”

That happened twenty years ago, I now live a happy life with two
children and my husband. I watch as the front door opens and my husband
enters the house.

“So how’s work been, Oliver?”
