I’m a single, 33 year old woman. I’m a mother of one sweet little boy,
who is just the light of my life. He’s around 5, he just got into
kindergarten. He says it’s fun, he’s always drawing and creating, he
always brings me something when he comes home. The problem is, he’s been
more inattentive as of late. I know he’s only five, but he used to
respond much quicker than he does now. He also doesn’t really listen to
teachers, which they’ve called me about several times over the past few
weeks. When I asked him why he wasn’t listening, he just shrugged and
went back to doodling. Recently though, he’s been drawing this black cat
creature? I can’t add images, but it looks like a tall black cat with a
thick, cylindrical body that looks like it’s wearing some sort of cloak?
It has a long thin neck and a half shaded face, and a big smile that
stretches across its face, with tiny black dots for eyes. It’s usually
crying in the art my kid draws, but the smile never really leaves. It
took me a bit to pry him about it, but when I managed, he told me that
he has an imaginary friend. For some background information, my son
hasn’t had very many real friends. I tried putting him in preschool and
daycare, going to the park, but he never really talked to any of the
other kids. I think he was just too nervous to, or maybe he just didn’t
want to. His father is never really around either, so it could be that
he made a friend so he would be less lonely. (I understand, I was the
same way when I was younger.)

It’s less the imaginary friend I’m worried about, moreso the things he’s
been doing because of it.

He’s been avoiding people altogether, and actively been trying to get
off of school grounds. He keeps saying it’s because his friend wants to
play somewhere else, somewhere more fun. It scares me because there’s a
road extremely close to the school, and I’m worried that he could get
hurt if he managed to get out of the school. Not just that though, he’s
been drawing disturbing things. He’s been drawing things like messed up
people, graves in random areas, and all with that creepy cat character
he made.

I know I’m probably overreacting, but I just can’t help but think that
it might be the imaginary friend that’s causing this. This all only
started when he started drawing that thing around 7 or 9 weeks ago. Does
anybody have any advice for maybe guiding him away from these ideas?

Before anyone asks, no, I don’t allow him onto the internet. I make sure
all of his media is safe and age appropriate. There is no way that he
could’ve gotten any of these ideas from anywhere or anyone.

I’m sorry if this is all over the place, I’m low on sleep and I have to
drive him to school tomorrow. Looking forward to any questions or
advice.
