Have you ever heard the Flat Line of a heartbeat Monitor?

I was outside a Hospital, well above one when I Jumped.

Suicide, well It Might as well been.

I Originally was apart of the 82nd Division, Paratroopers of Vietnam.

Nothing like 173rd or 101 Division.

After my 10th drop, Death was never an Option.

That was until, They Dropped us Directly into what could only be
Described as “Hell on Earth”.

That is, Minus the Fire and Brimstone.

When we Landed, even after the Dozen upon Dozens of Practice an
Actualized Mission Drops my Jackass landed in a Tree.

An From a Tree is where my story is Told.

Leaning into a Jungle you Got three Options, Die by the Jungle, Die by
the Vietcong or Burn an Kill everything in your way.

However there is a Fourth Option, Rot and Die hanging in a Tree like a
Hanging Froot.

I wasn’t Gonna Let that Happen, and Obviously didn’t. Even going for my
Gravity knife the Fucker was Gone.

Most in this situation Panic and Shout, that knowledge was a one way
ticket to be Killed.

Knowing that was what saved my Life.

As I Hung High In the Canopy below me I could hear Growns and Commotion,
another fellow Paratrooper hit the Ground, Hard, Leg obviously broken as
he dragged himself crying backwards.

I Couldn’t tell who he was from this Distance and was prepared to shout
to him when I noticed it.

The Foliage shift and spoke, there was no Haste, a Clear sign of the
enemy approaching and they were right below me.

Hastely I explored my belongings, Grabbed a Canteen and tossed it at the
Groaning man, his eyes shifted right to me as I laid a finger upon my
lips to hush him.

Crunch.

Snap.

Crunch.

Snap.

Bellow me was Something Dark from the leaves, yet this one gap of light
was enough.

It was Human, no, Human Like.

A shine shimmered from what appeared to be fish scales, leading into
Twitching furred ears, that branched to brown feathers with a red comb
that wiggled an shifted as it moved.

The Individual stood in the light, it’s stature Dominated over the
injured soldier.

Blue and Silver scales Gasped for Air a maw pulling yet never recieved,
it’s Cattle eyes stared down as it snorted letting out fog of aspersion,
beside it towered a Macabre Poultry head Darked around by eager as it’s
beak point Cardinal directions.

I Felt limp, as if a Possem in the eyes of Hunter.

The Prey However squirmed and begged.

“Oh God, w-what the fuck.. what the fuck are you..”

The Creature bent down stretching an manly arm to lift my Comrade by the
throat.

Then it spoke, like the elderly man an aged women who reached their end
and a youth with newborn words.

“I am. I am that, was Harvested. That Wich is over Fed, Raised and
abused, Schooled and Cattled, Free Range and now Flocked. I am. That I
am.”

It’s Large Middle cattle skull leaned it’s mouth wide as the injured his
Head found the entrance, Ushered by teeth.

The Brahmans Teeth shut slowly with a sick crunch and pop vanishing the
Skull into mulch.

Crunch.

It chewed.

Crunch.

It feasted.

Crunch.

It was unsatisfied.

Its Back Arched and roared to the over cast of leaves.

“I AM LIVESTOCK!”

Someone who may have been my friend collapsed to the ground into a
puddle of himself as the Beast pressed on.

I Hung for Hours.

Mabey a Day, who know.

Eventually, I Pulled my HDR sidearm, a pistol adapted for silence.

Each shot hit my branch as I jossled in-between each book bounce before
finally snapping and landing me into Dirt and mud.

The Blood of my Companion.

Upon my Return I was Sent on mandatory leave, my account leds those in
the high command believe I wasn’t Fit for Duty.

Actually the Bastards institutionalized me for a year before being
released as absolutely Sane.

Even if I wasn’t, being nearly 82 years old, not even Dementia can wipe
this Memory, and I will have to carry it to my death bed.
