My name is Marcus; I’m building a backlog of my experiences with
whatever the hell this is. I know they’ll never get out there because
well, I don’t know if there’s anyone left alive. I uh, I’m locked in my
camper in my own driveway. I know it sounds stupid, especially because
if this ever does get out, you’ll all think, “Why doesn’t this damn
idiot go in his house, the driveway’s probably like six feet from the
door.”

I should probably write how the hell I ended up trapped in a camper at
my own house, so let me do that. I was working on the camper in my
driveway, ironic huh. Anyway, I had a hammer in my hand tapping the trim
into place on the new door I had put on the old Winnebago. I had to, the
one on it before had a broken lock which like anyone else, is a huge no
for me. If the door can’t be locked, I don’t camp. I was listening to
one of my playlists using my old Bluetooth speaker, some country song I
can’t remember now, that’s when my music cut off making me stop working
to look back at it. What followed the silence was a sound I don’t hear a
lot where I live, the tone of an emergency alert, shrill, piercing and
overly damn obnoxious.

The voice that followed that tone, it sounded how I remembered it
growing up but what it said, well that was overly new to me. “Emergency
Alert, The CDC has issued a lockdown, an unknown pathogen has been
detected causing aggressive tendencies in those that come in contact,
avoid all contact with infected individuals and limit outdoor activity
besides what is absolutely necessary.”

I called his name, yes, I understand now was the stupidest damn thing
I’ve ever done in my life. But at the time, how was I supposed to know
he was infected with whatever this thing was? As soon as it left my
mouth I felt like an idiot. If you could have seen the way Chuck, no,
whatever he had turned into. Anyway, if you could have seen the way this
thing turned its head toward me, if he was a normal human I swear it
would’ve broken his damn neck. Looking at him, that’s about the time I
started to consider maybe, just maybe, the alert wasn’t lying, funny
huh. His eyes, bloodshot, pupils dilated like a cat, blood coming from
his mouth and eyes. But thinking back to it now, I’m doubtful the mouth
blood was even his.

Before I even had time to evaluate what I was looking at, he was coming
at me. Not like the fifty-six-year-old man I had befriended, not the man
that every week I talked with about his grandkids. He sounded and moved
like a damn animal, like he wanted nothing more than to get to me. The
screech he let out sounded like, let me think of a way to try and
describe this in writing, like a rabid animal choking on its own blood.
Then he was on me, and in a panic, I did the only thing I could think to
do in the moment. I swung the hammer in my hand. It wasn’t perfect I’ll
be the first to admit, I was terrified and the only thing on my mind was
that I couldn’t let what used to be my neighbor get its hands on me.

The metallic audible thunk of my swing connecting with flesh is what
snapped me back into the moment. The hammer had hit Chuck in the temple
with a wet thud, knocking the thing into my yard. The damn thing flailed
around how a fish would when you catch it and lay it on the floor of a
boat, not like a person would after a hit like that, like he was some
kind of animal. I scrambled backward, hammer still in hand, up the steps
of my camper before I felt the connection between my back and the door.
I turned faster than I thought I was capable of and threw the door open,
crawling inside like my life depended on it, which is funny thinking
back on it now because it did. I threw the new deadbolt into place as my
neighbor slammed into it hard enough to rock the entire damn thing.

There were plenty of things going through my head in the moment, but to
keep this easy to read in case it’s ever actually posted, I’ll name the
big three. They are as follows: “What the hell is happening,” “How the
hell did whatever that thing is survive a hammer to the softest part of
the head,” and “I’m gonna die in this stupid damn camper,” which for
some reason then prompted me to realize I felt a wet, warm feeling in my
pants. If you’re reading this somehow and wondering, yes, this is me
trying to tell you I pissed myself.

That uh brings us to now, hunched over my phone like an idiot in a dark
Winnebago with God knows what walking around my neighborhood outside.
You know, the outside that was only separated from me by a couple inches
of metal, comforting thought I know. I’m freezing like hell because as I
mentioned, I pissed myself and the camper I barely used isn’t exactly
stocked full of shit that I would need to survive because why would it
be. Anyway, I’m gonna go now. Phone’s at like thirty-four and as you can
assume don’t really have a charger in here. Don’t worry I’ll probably
keep writing if some freak doesn’t bust in and rip me apart like a
goddamn pork chop first. I can’t say I really care if this never gets
read, writing all the shit I’ve seen down helps me tell myself I’m not
insane or something. Marcus signing out or whatever the hell the saying
is, bye.
