They all believe I’m dangerous and deranged but I’m just forced to tell
the truth. At the risk of your disbelief, I will just start at the
beginning. 

A tale as old as time, I fell in love with a boy. Not just any boy, I
fell in love with Parker who had the perfect family that accepted me as
their own. Despite me being in and out of foster homes and foster care
since I was two years old, I didn’t let the cards I was dealt define who
I would become. No matter how many schools I changed, I made sure to be
near the top of my classes. If I lost sleep studying or had no social
life, that was fine. If my foster parents didn’t feed me, get me clothes
that fit, fought all night or threatened to kick me out for every little
thing, that was fine too.  Education was the only important thing to me
and it was my way to a better life. 

Of course that was until senior year and I met Parker. I could go on and
on about the perfect meet cue. I can describe how meeting Parker’s
mother was the first time I felt true maternal love. We can reminisce
about the empty wells that overflowed after Parker’s father became a
father figure to me. 

None of that matters now because they are all dead. Not just dead, they
were butchered by beings from outer space right in front of me.

Many months ago… 

“Mattie,” Parker’s dad called for me. “You got a package.”

“I didn’t order anything,” I called back as I skipped down the stairs.
“But I’m happy to receive a wonderful bounty of what I hope are sweets.”

“A wonderful bounty indeed,” Parker’s mother sang-sung from the same
place Parker’s father was. “Come dear, quickly.”

I ran into the living room expecting to find Parker there to surprise me
with a lovely box of Belgian chocolates or some French pastries I loved.
To my utter shock, Parker was down on one knee holding a ring box
presented to me while one parent stood at either side of him.

“Yes,” I screamed and ran to hug Parker. “A million times yes.”

Most of the evening went as you would expect. We opened an expensive
bottle of champagne and celebrated well into the night. 

While everyone slept, I crept out of bed to walk around the house and
stare at the many, many family photos. There was a legacy here that I
would continue. I sat on the living room couch and stared at the photos
in my view without knowing that my life would be changed in minutes. I
imagined being embraced by Parker’s ancestors as well as the family
members that are still alive. I smiled to myself ready to start the rest
of my life. It only took 23 years but now I’ll have a family of my own.
I was going to belong somewhere. 

I felt a presence in the room and almost thought that Parker came
looking for me. I turned to look at the recliner that Parker’s dad
usually used and there sat a stereotypical martial alien looking being.
The Martian’s skin was green. It had an elongated oval shaped head,
fingers that were at least double the length of a human’s, a small split
for a mouth, very large black eyes and a flat reptilian nose. Despite
being seated, I could tell that it was over six feet tall, with a thin,
wiry body that wore a black onesie space suit that almost looked like
leather. 

I knew the martian wasn’t a statue or toy because I saw the chest move
the leather like material as though it was breathing. I chuckled to
myself because of course I believed I was dreaming. We stared at each
other while I ignorantly waited to see when the plot of this dream would
start. 

After what I believe was 30 seconds of staring, the alien said to me in
a robotic voice “I am going to kill this family tonight.” I felt ice run
from my fingertips to my toes. Still believing this was a dream, I sat
still and hoped to wake up. 

The alien tilted its head. I believe it read my mind. In that robotic
voice it said: “You are not dreaming. I am going to kill this family
tonight, and you are going to take the blame for it. No new family for
you. You will suffer until the day you die.”

The ice in my bones turned into a furnace. Realizing that this was not a
dream, I screamed for Parker. 

The martian somehow looked even more relaxed. “Thank you for retrieving
him for us. We are not the best with stairs.”

I looked around for other aliens and didn’t see any. They can be
anywhere in the house. Maybe they started up the stairs earlier. I
instantly regretted calling for Parker when he came running down the
stairs brandishing a baseball bat and stopped right in front of the
alien. 

“What the hell is that?” Parker yelled. He quickly came to look me over
and see if I was injured. 

“I’m fine, Parker” I yelled frantically. “You all have to leave. This
thing is going to kill everyone.”

The alien responded, “We are not killing everyone. Just the family. And
you are going to take the blame for it.”

“Like hell, she is,” Parker raised the baseball bat and swung as hard as
he could to crack the alien’s large head. The unaffected alien stood up
and towered over Parker. It was taller than I thought with his oval head
touching the ceiling. “Run, get out of here,” Parker yelled to me. 

Most likely because they heard the commotion, Parker’s parents came
downstairs. Once they reached the bottom of the stairs, two aliens
identical to the one Parker fought came from the kitchen. Before he
could react to the scene, one kitchen alien grabbed Parker’s dad around
his shoulders and the other grabbed Parker’s mother who was behind him.
The alien in front of Parker tossed the baseball bat to the side and
held Parker in a sleeper hold.

“Get your hands off my wife,” Parker’s dad yelled as he struggled to get
out of the alien’s grasp. “What the hell is going on here? Get off my
son.” He looked at me and told me to run. 

The aliens were too strong to be fought off. No answer came when we
asked what they wanted or why they came here.  

“Please leave them alone,” I begged from my spot on the couch. “Don’t
hurt them. Please.”

I almost had hope when the aliens looked at each other and tilted their
heads in contemplation. They were so strong and despite their
expressionless faces, you can tell they were barely bothered by the
struggling humans they held by the shoulders. They nodded to each other
and let each person go at the same time. 

I exhaled in relief until a second later they used those too long
fingers to grab the arms of the human they just held prisoner. One
second later, a crunch and splash filled the air as the skin and bone
ripped from Parker and his parents’ arm sockets. The aliens tore their
arms off cleaner and easier than I saw children destroy their dolls.

Time paused for me as I stared at the geysers of blood that splashed the
family photos I admired just moments before. All except the aliens
screamed. We humans screamed in pain at the top of our lungs. Them in
physical pain and me hurting for them. I hated knowing that they were
about to die. That’s another cruel thing the aliens did. Why did they
tell me their plan? Why couldn’t we all wake up dead? And if just them,
I’d have joined them soon after. In life or death, I wanted to be with
this family. 

The aliens did not appear to be affected by the screams and held the
shoulders of the screaming armless family. I felt the hot tears burning
down my cheeks but I couldn’t move from my spot. I willed my body to go
kiss Parker one last time and then join him in the afterlife once this
is over. But my legs would not move. All I could do was scream and cry.

Based on the police report I now know that the aliens allowed us to
scream for about two minutes. They soullessly held Parker’s family up
allowing the neighbors to hear their wails of pain. Even through their
pain, they told me to run away. They begged me to escape. 

I didn’t want to be blamed for this nor did I want to be without this
family. I decided to escape and end my life within the hour. My body
finally reacted and I stood up ready to run. Parker smiled through his
pain and I mentally sent him a last kiss. 

As soon as I turned away, I heard a soft crack and then there was
silence before I heard bodies crumple to the floor. Even without seeing
it happen, I knew that the aliens snapped their necks and they all died
at the exact same moment. A fast death was the least cruel thing these
aliens did. 

“Why did you do this?” I turned back to the aliens who acted as though I
wasn’t there. 

They each stared at their human victims and put a foot on their torso
before bending over and grabbing one of their legs. 

“Leave them the fuck alone,” I screamed. I felt spit leave my mouth.
“Stop it. You’ve done enough.”

Another snap and wet pop as each left leg was pulled off at the same
time. Then again a few seconds later for the right legs. One of the
aliens produced a few black garbage bags and passed them along to each
other. I stared in disgusted awe as they casually gathered the limbs
they ripped off into their respective bags. 

One of the aliens seemed to remember I existed. He handed me a glass
vial with a clear liquid in it. 

“You can live and be responsible for this,” it said in the casual
robotic voice. “Or you can end it now and be with this family you wanted
so badly.” 

I threw the glass across the floor and spat in the alien’s face. He
didn’t seem offended by the spit. “Liar.” I screamed at him. “Why would
I believe you’ll give me an easy way out. You already said I will take
the fall for this.”

The alien made a grinding sound that I figured was chuckling or giggling
for aliens. It had the nerve to be amused. 

Another of the aliens grabbed the unbroken bottle I threw across the
room and walked over to me. The alien I spat on held an arm across my
shoulders to keep me in place. The alien who retrieved the bottle opened
it and forced it into my mouth. When I tried to refuse to swallow, it
held my nose with those odd fingers. It and the alien holding me in
place let go once I took a gulp. 

“What the hell was that?” I screamed and spat. I attempted to make
myself vomit but I realized the aliens dropped me right next to Parker’s
and his parents’ bodies. I didn’t pay attention to the alien’s departure
as I cradled and cried over Parker’s head and torso. His face was frozen
in the last smile he gave me believing that I would escape. 

I heard the police sirens and realized that my time was almost up. I
would have to take the fall for this. If I was lucky, I could get the
electric chair and if I was unlucky, I’d get life in prison and have to
wait to reunite with my love and his parents. I abruptly stood up and
ran to the kitchen for a sharp knife. I slipped on the blood underneath
my feet and fell very hard on my shoulder. I tried to give myself a
minute to let the pain pass.

That minute was time enough for the police to enter and raid the house.
I can tell what this looked like right away. Of course with so many guns
aimed at me, I claimed my innocence immediately and told them about the
aliens but no one believed me. I was arrested right away. During the
investigation, our home surveillance as well as neighboring cameras that
caught our home in view only showed that we were in the house that day.
Logically speaking, I was the only person who could have committed the
murders. 

My court appointed lawyer let me know that I can continue with the alien
story and live out my days in an asylum or I can end the madness,
confess to the murders and live out the rest of my days in a maximum
security prison. 

In prison, I will be in a cell for the rest of my life but I would have
a cellmate albeit a dangerous one. I would have a routine, be able to
exercise, get a job, and have a social life. I won’t ever use the degree
but I’ve always loved to learn. I can keep out of trouble and spend the
rest of my life getting prison degrees.

In the asylum, especially with no advocate, I would spend the rest of my
life in a drugged haze. I’d be deemed too dangerous otherwise. I’d get
wheeled outside for a few hours of sunlight once a week, twice if I’m
lucky.

I tried to tell my lawyer that I will confess to the murders but my
mouth wouldn’t say the words. My mouth repeated the alien story
regardless of what I wanted to say. Out of frustration, in front of my
lawyer, I started to hit myself in the head trying to get the correct
words out. That only made me look crazier. I tried writing down a murder
confession but my fingers only wrote the truth of what happened. Another
tantrum, another reason to send me to the asylum. 

It broke my heart to see Parker’s extended family at my trial. They
believed that I had a mental break because of childhood trauma. Hearing
about me beating on my head and destroying pencils, crayons and markers
because they did not write what I wanted them to cause them to have just
as much pity as disdain for me. 

It took me getting strapped down on day 1 of the rest of my life in the
asylum to realize why I couldn’t speak the truth. After Parker’s and his
family’s murder, I knew that I was not crazy but I was dealing with a
lot of grief and regret. All I could think about that night was the
gruesome pain Parker’s family endured. 

What if I had just shut up and not called for Parker. Why didn’t I just
go upstairs and we all escape from the windows? Why did we make so much
noise that Parker’s parents got involved? Maybe they would have just
left us alone. Maybe they could have died in their sleep instead if they
truly wanted to murder this family. 

When I received my first dose of sedatives, I temporarily had a moment
of realization. Whatever the aliens forced me to drink before they took
Parker and his parent’s limbs, prevented me from speaking anything
outside of the truth from that night. When they told me that I would
take the blame for this murder, I assumed they meant prison. The aliens
specifically wanted me to go to an asylum instead of prison. 

Looking back, I wondered if I even saw their true forms. If this wasn’t
such a tragic situation, it would be almost comical how they looked like
stereotypical aliens a child would have drawn. Their looks could have
been a ploy to make me appear crazier. 

I only had six years of peace in my life. At least I got to be with
Parker and know what it felt like to have a family for that time. I
don’t know why I had such a hard life or why the aliens did this to me
and Parker’s family. 

When I have my lucid moments, I try to remember the good years and the
happy times. I mentally create a reality where the wedding happens and I
am truly a member of Parker’s family. 

It never lasts more than a few moments though. No matter what happy
scenario I dream up, whether it’s a brunch, dance date, or beach trip,
the aliens interrupt and repeat the slaughter just as they did that
night. And just like before, all I can do is stand there frozen in fear
until the slaughter is over and I’m forced to watch the aliens gather
Parker and his family’s limbs into a garbage bag over and over. 

I then find myself waking up seizing and then I’m strapped down and
heavily sedated again. This is my life now. Barely existing and riding
the numbness of heavy medication. I’m so slumped that I can barely talk.
I can’t even go to the bathroom on my own. Despite no concept of time,
I’m counting down the days until I die and hoping the heavy medication
expedites it. 
