Hello everyone. My name is Amber Scott. I work in the hospital as a
technician. I do a few jobs but I mainly work in the MRI department.
They call us imagining technicians. I handle X- Rays, CTs and of course
MRIs. I’ve been doing this job for years now. I’ll be 36 this year and
I’ve been doing this since I was 23.
I’m very familiar and good at my job. That’s something I have to express
explicitly. I’m not some fresh bright eyed kid anymore. I have my job
down to a science. Make your patient comfortable, get them positioned
correctly, offer comfort, do the scan, rinse and repeat.
Easy. Well about a month ago something weird started happening.
First I thought it was just some technology glitch but it’s not. I’ve
had several of our tech guys come and check it out. But it’s like they
can’t hear it. They can’t hear them. Let me start at the beginning. It
was a Wednesday. I had just made it up in and clocked in. I work in the
ER but today it was relatively quiet. 4 am stragglers, a random homeless
man and an older lady with an oxygen tank. That’s it.
When I get to the back Teresa is all smiles probably just happy to go
home. I take her place in the MRI room and continue with the patient she
was getting out of the wheelchair.
The man can stand and I get him positioned chatting with him comfortably
trying to ease his obvious nerves. I check his charts to ensure the dye
had been administered and then I go to the observation room to begin the
scan. There is usually always a distinct tapping sound that comes from
the imagining equipment and that was normal but as the man, Thomas, as I
came to know, began to go into the machine I hear cries and screams. I’d
like to mention that I’ve heard my fair share of misery and pain working
in the ER but this was… it was different.
The intensity of the pain caused a visceral reaction within me and made
me want to scream or cry or just run away.
I stopped the machine immediately convinced for the first few seconds
that I had missed some metal on the man. I rushed into the room with him
and I’m asking him frantically if he’s okay. Thomas was mostly all the
way in the machine. I could really only see the top of his head but he
tilts his head back to look at me his face is totally fine. He looks at
me confused and irritated honestly.
“You didn’t scream?” I asked him my own voice shaking to which he
genuinely looks confused although there’s something almost excited in
his eyes.
I clear my throat convincing myself I had to have just been still half
asleep or something. I go back to the observation room and begin the
scan again.
Nothing else happened that day.
But everyday after. They start by whispering to me. “Come closer, you
hear us, we’re in here please.”
The voices are always different in each person. Sometimes they scream,
sometimes they whisper, sometimes they ask me questions and sometimes
they beg for my help.
I don’t know what they are or why only I can hear them. But they are
starting to paint a very terrifying picture. I’ve tried to record the
sounds but my phone doesn’t pick up any noise except the normal sounds.
It’s gotten so bad I’ve even tried to switch positions. It’s like with
every person their voices become clearer. It’s like there’s hundreds and
hundreds of people living inside of every person.
Well not ever. I look forward to the people that do not have these
crowds in them. But theres not many who don’t.
So about a week ago I started writing all of this down to try and make
sense of it. And well. I don’t think it’s good.
The voices ask me questions about the time period and where they are.
They tell me things about the past their past things that I couldn’t
possibly know. I’ve found a few of them. They’re real people. All of
them missing. Scattered throughout time but all of them gone without a
trace. I’ve only been able to verify 6 actual people. The oldest voice I
could verify came from Thomas. About 2 weeks from that first incident he
came back needing another MRI.
The voices didn’t scream this time they seemed calmer. His voice is the
one that stuck out the most.
“I’ve been here a long time, be careful around him, if he knows you hear
us he’ll eat you too.”
My blood ran cold at that but I don’t think I’ve ever felt fear as much
in that moment because I simply looked up at Thomas who was already
looking at me.
If you have ever had an MRI done you know the observation room is
shadowy and it’s hard to see in from the testing room. But Thomas had
his head tilted so far back I could see the whites of his eyes and they
were on me.
“Don’t react young lady” the same voice says as the cacophony of other
voices shouting to stay calm, look away, pretend.
As you can imagine I finished that MRI in the most relaxed way I could
manage as my heart beat a million miles a minute. Anyway the man the
voice that warned me gave me a name. I found him easily a simple search
on Google and I found the man that has been missing since 1923 in a
faded newspaper article.
After that I started asking for names. So you can imagine my surprise
when I saw that all these people are missing and most of them would be
dead by now although I have heard my fair share of children’s voices. I
don know what any of this means.
Hundreds of people being eaten over a hundred years?? And why am I the
only one to hear this? Well. Today I asked. It’s a Monday well it was 20
minutes ago. I quit my job and I’m sitting in my house with the lights
off. If they find me. They’ll eat me.
It was a little girl this time. I get her into the machine I didn’t
expect there to be any voices for her. She was 8 according to her chart.
She was a sweetheart. Her voices were the worst I ever heard. Tortured
and so full of pain and misery tears were falling down my face before I
could stop them.
“Please help us. Our bodies are gone but she won’t let our souls go.”
The voices overlap and scream at me. They just keep getting louder
making it feel like my head will blow up. I covered my ears and squeezed
my eyes shut. It seemed like it just kept going.
“What is going on” I yell losing myself in the screams and pain. Then
the room goes silent for just a moment then the voices explode.
“RUN RUN RUN RUN RUN RUN! They are not human. They live among you only
to eat! SHE HEARD YOU RUN”
Over and over and over so I jumped up I didn’t even bother cutting off
the machine as I ran out of the room into the bright hallway.
As I turned to pull the door shut behind me I saw her. I don’t know how
but she wasn’t in the machine anymore she was up against the glass her
body was still that of a child a little girl but that face. Those eyes
and that mouth.
Pale huge head razor sharp teeth like a sharks going so far back into
her mouth I could tell how many rows there was.
Her eyes were fixed on me. Dark and beady and so full of hate. I turned
and ran. My friends and coworkers people I had grown to care about and
love all trying to stop me to calm me down but the voices told me one
last thing before I ran out of there.
This voice was one I was familiar with. One I hadn’t heard since I was a
child myself. Since the day she went missing.
“Amber” the voice calm and assertive as she always was.
“Mom” I barely got the word out
“This hospital is a hotspot. There are too many of them here. Run and do
not stop running. They know you know. You will never be safe again.
Don’t let them get you my love. They never let you go” then the screams
of agony.
