When the headstones bleed, panic is all that seeps into the bones. Amy
Locke showed me such things, things that I never thought could exist
outside of nightmares. We’re so ignorant of the world that we convince
ourselves its rules are set in stone, that everything has an explanation
if we look hard enough, but I was forced to see a painful light, one
that I wish I had never been shown.

Forgive me, but I don’t remember all that much from the days before. I
have flashes of things that weren’t red or black; I remember green, I
remember breakfast, but I don’t even remember the feeling of my own bed.
It was a normal day, or at least it seemed that way at the time. I left
the house, saying goodbye to people who still wait for me, and met with
my friends, who I walked all the way to school with while we joked about
girls and talked about new games and films. By the time we reached the
school, the sky had gone from blue to grey and the warmth had been
replaced by a bitter cold, but I was still excited for the day ahead.

I don’t think Amy Locke shared that feeling.

As we sat down at our desks, chatting and waiting for our teacher, Amy
sat in the same corner she always did, a place that somehow seemed much
darker than the rest of the room. Her long black hair drooped over her
face as she stared down at her notepad, writing continuously, while
thin, pale hands poked out from the sleeves of her clothes. She was a
thin girl, very small for her age, and even though we were among the
older kids in the school, she could easily have passed for someone in
the younger years. Her crimson coat hung over the back of her chair.

While I was organising the books we would need for the day, I turned
around and found her still scrawling away on the paper. Through the
curtain of her hair, our eyes met, and I gave her a small smile.

“Hey, Amy, you okay?”

It was nothing more than a gesture of acknowledgement, but a small smile
broke across her spectral face. She then firmly placed her pen down and
lowered her head even further, almost as though she wanted to disappear
completely.

That was when three girls walked into the classroom.

They were the popular girls, the kind with fake smiles and an attitude
that screamed, \*I am a bitch, and everyone knows it.\* I scoffed as
they strutted into the room, whispering amongst themselves before
walking straight towards Amy Locke.They sang together in unison.

“Amy Locke loves cock! Opens her legs for the boys to fuck!”

They cackled like hyenas, but Amy didn’t move a muscle.

The head of the pack, Chloe, made sure this morning ritual took place.
If I had known what it would eventually lead to, I should have ripped
that bleached scalp straight from her head.Chloe grabbed the notebook
from Amy’s desk and began flicking through it.

“What is this shit? Oh my God, just a bunch of schizo drawings. What the
fuck?”

Amy suddenly reached out and violently ripped the notebook back,
scratching Chloe’s hand in the process before clutching it tightly
against her chest.

Chloe recoiled, her face turning red with anger.

“Fucking bitch! Don’t touch me!”

She slapped Amy across the cheek, and the crack of it silenced the
entire room. Chloe bent down towards her and screamed, “You’re a freak,
Amy Locke!”

This was Amy’s morning, and as far as I could remember, it had been like
this for as long as I’d known her.Our teacher, Mrs. Hancock, an older,
heavier woman, had seen the whole thing. Instead of punishing Chloe and
the others, she simply said, “Hey, all of you, sit down now. I’ll deal
with you later.”

She then walked over to Amy and knelt beside her.

“You shouldn’t provoke them, Amy. I told you about the drawings, okay?
They just bring bad attention. Now put that stuff away, okay? You’re
creeping me out.”

Amy didn’t answer. She simply sat there, breathing heavily while hugging
her precious notebook to her chest. Looking back, I think she just
needed a hug.Those girls would never be punished. They fit the
untouchable criteria.

For the rest of the class, Amy sat almost completely still, trying to
make herself invisible. When lunchtime finally came, the rest of us ran
around the playground, making the most of the little free time we had.
The grey clouds had turned almost black by then, the ground was muddy
beneath our feet, and somewhere far away at the edge of the playground
stood Amy Locke, staring down at a single daffodil.

The three girls were heading straight towards her.

One of my mates noticed them and gestured for me to look in their
direction. I remember muttering, “Shit, here we go again.”

Amy had crouched down and gently plucked the daffodil, carefully placing
it into the pocket of her crimson coat. While she was still in that
vulnerable position, Chloe shoved her down into the mud, and brown and
crimson immediately fused together as Amy’s black hair became tangled
with the dirt. She struggled to stabilise herself, keeping one hand
firmly wrapped around the leather-bound notebook while the girls kicked
and pushed her further into the mud, screaming the same song over and
over again.

“Amy Locke loves cock! Opens her legs for the boys to fuck!”

Other girls began joining in, although some tried to convince them to
stop, as though they were finally beginning to realise they were beating
a dead horse.

“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” I muttered to myself.

My mate warned me that getting involved would only paint a target on my
back, but my parents raised me better than to stand by and watch
something like that happen. I walked over and positioned myself between
Amy and Chloe, who was still standing in the mud.

“Chloe, that’s enough, okay? Look at her!”

She scoffed at me.

“What, are you her boyfriend?”

I leaned closer and lowered my voice.

“No, but I’ll tell the whole class what you did with Jason Clay in the
cleaning cupboard. He was very descriptive.”

Her expression changed immediately, and she backed away.

“Whatever. Fuck you.”

She turned around, and the others followed her, leaving me alone with
Amy Locke. I reached out my hand.

“Come on, Amy. Let’s get you out of the mud.”

Her hand was cold and almost lifeless as she took mine. She stood there
shaking, her black hair hanging low around her face, although somehow it
looked longer than it had before, reaching far beyond her shoulders.
Through the smallest gaps between the strands, I could see tears running
down her face, but underneath them there was something else, something
that looked much closer to anger.

Through all the noise and emotion, she spoke softly, her voice somehow
sounding scared and full of rage at the same time.

“Thank you. Can I give you something?”

“You don’t have to. I just thought you needed help.”

She reached into her coat pocket and pulled out the daffodil. Its yellow
petals seemed unnaturally bright against the gloom surrounding us.

“You can keep this. It’s really important that you have it close.”

I accepted the flower and carefully placed it in my pocket.

“I can do that, no problem. And thank you. No one’s ever given me a
flower.”

She closed the gap between us and looked around. A few people were
watching, judging her, and her tar-like hair was still stuck to my
clothes. She leaned closer and whispered again.

“You’ll be happy you have that.”

Then she walked away, and as she disappeared into the distance, the hair
slowly peeled itself away from my clothes.I spent the rest of lunch
being teased by my friends. I took it on the chin and shot back whenever
I could, figuring it would all be forgotten eventually. I had only
wanted to help.

As we went back into class, however, I noticed that a small part of my
blazer where Amy’s hair had stuck was still damp. I rubbed it with my
finger, expecting nothing more than water, but when I pulled my hand
away, my finger was red.

Blood.

During class, the rain began falling harder and harder until it became a
violent storm. Lightning flashed outside the windows, followed by
thunder that seemed to shake the building. Class continued, but some of
the kids were becoming increasingly jumpy. There was something in the
air, something all of us could feel without being able to explain
it.Something wasn’t right.

I looked over at Amy. She was writing in her notebook, just as she
always did, but her scribbles had become more frantic as the storm
intensified. Lightning flashed outside the window, and the kids screamed
as thunder crashed almost immediately afterwards.

The teacher tried to regain control of the class, but Amy continued
writing.

Then she placed the final dot on the page.

The storm stopped.

Nobody else seemed to notice the exact moment it happened. The air
became completely still, and the crackling sounds of the storm
disappeared as though someone had simply switched them off.

A moment later, one of the kids shouted, “Whoa, look at the fog!”

We all got out of our seats and moved towards the windows. A thick,
dark-grey fog had surrounded the school, stopping approximately
twenty-five metres away from the building. It wasn’t simply mist; it
looked like a wall, completely blocking our view of anything beyond it.

Amy remained seated.

Then Chloe shrieked, “She’s a witch! I fucking knew it!”

The class stared at her in shock.

“All this was in those creepy drawings!”

Mrs. Hancock tried to control the situation.

“Oh, sit down, Chloe. Don’t be dramatic. Amy, have you been scaring your
classmates?”

Amy said nothing but Slowly, she stood.

Her hair had grown even longer, now reaching down to her waist, and only
her crimson coat seemed capable of breaking through the overwhelming
darkness of it.

She held the open notebook in one hand, keeping the other behind her as
the lights above us began flickering. People slowly backed away while
Mrs. Hancock approached her.Then Amy Locke addressed the class.Her voice
was soft, but there was a strange force behind every word.

“Bone, rot, hatred, red, carnage.”

She placed the notebook onto the desk and revealed a small blade with an
old wooden handle.

“Pain, hunger, fear, flies.”

Her hair was growing rapidly now, spilling across the floor and
spreading between the desks. Kids began screaming as the black mass
moved around their feet.Some tried to run while others froze in
place.Mrs. Hancock stepped forward.

“Put the knife down.”

Amy began speaking faster. She cut her own hand with the blade and held
it above the notebook, allowing the blood to splatter across the
pages.Her hair climbed over the desks, curling around them like vines.

“Falling, destruction, screaming… hair.”

Her hair exploded across the room, clinging to the walls and pushing
through the ground as it wrapped around Mrs. Hancock and dragged her to
the floor. Strands forced their way into her eyes, nostrils and ears
while she screamed and struggled beneath the growing mass.

Blood seeped from the hair and dripped from every strand, smearing
across everything it touched.

I was the first to bolt.

By then, the growth had already reached the door, but me and a few
others managed to escape before it slammed shut behind us. Thuds and
desperate pleas came from the other side, and through the small window
in the door I could see terrified faces before they were completely
obscured by the black growth.

The screaming gradually turned into gagging and crying.

Students and teachers from the other classrooms had filled the hallways,
watching in horror as the scene unfolded.

“I told you she was a fucking witch!”

It was Chloe.

One of the teachers tried to open the classroom door, but it wouldn’t
move. He backed away after seeing blood begin pouring from underneath
it, and the door started to buckle and splinter under the pressure.

The lights flickered again.She was coming.

I ran as the door finally gave way, and a sludge of blood and wet hair
flooded into the hallway. It bounced off the lockers and flowed through
the narrow corridors, occupying every open space it could find. Strands
spread across the walls and ceiling, growing thicker as they moved, and
people were pulled from their feet before being swallowed by the mass.

The hair seemed to find every weakness in the human body, invading every
orifice and crevice it could reach. People disappeared beneath the
sludge and never came back up, while the growing mass became thicker and
stronger, tearing into anyone unfortunate enough to be caught in its
path.

I saw it grab Chloe and slam her against the lockers, pinning her there
as the hair tore into her chest. It dug and pried through flesh,
splitting bone, scrambling her insides and gouging at her eyes before
ripping at her tongue.

Me and a few others ran towards the main doors, but they wouldn’t open.
Hair had already spread to the outside of the building, wrapping around
the entrances and windows until it was beginning to cocoon the entire
school.

A small group of us dodged and weaved through the corridors, with
screams of pain and terror following us wherever we went. Through the
roof tiles, the hair reached down and pulled a girl upwards, wrapping
around her body and squeezing her like a wet towel. Her boyfriend tried
to help her, but all I could hear was his muffled call for help as the
hair covered his face.

Eventually, we reached the gym.

I grabbed some skipping rope and began tying the doors shut. I knew what
that meant. Anyone still outside would be locked out, and we were
condemning them to whatever fate awaited them on the other side.As I
slammed the door shut behind a small group of students, I caught sight
of Amy Locke a few feet away, suspended in the air by a solid mass of
her own hair.

I tied the door closed while the others added more skipping ropes,
trying desperately to reinforce it.Then we stood back and listened to
those we had left behind crying for help.

One by one, they fell silent.

The gymnasium was huge, with two basketball hoops, bleachers and the
usual equipment scattered around the edges. Some of the kids tried the
fire exit, but it would only open slightly before the hair stopped it.

“Cut it or burn it! Just do something!”

One kid pulled out a lighter and began slowly burning through the hair.
The fire exit started to give way, and even the smallest gaps began
allowing fresh air into the gym.Then Amy began to speak through the
door.The gym fell silent.A timid knocking came from the other side.

A girl screamed, “She’s coming! I want my mum!”

The knocking continued until Amy’s voice slipped through the gaps in the
door.

“Longing, forgotten, cries.”

The girl who had asked for her mum put her ear against the door.

“Nature, force, merged.”

She began crying as the hair crept through the gaps and intertwined with
her own.

“It hurts!”

She tried pulling away, but she had already been fused with the growth.
The hair tightened around her head, slowly ripping at her scalp until
the pain became too much and she collapsed.The growth slowed as the fire
exit finally began to open.

Then Amy spoke again.

“Shadow, void, horrors, growth.”

The other children suddenly began howling in pain, clawing at their
necks as hair began oozing from beneath their fingernails. Their nails
popped away as more and more of the black mass spread through them.

The doors suddenly flew off their hinges.

I dropped to my knees in the centre of the gym, completely overtaken by
fear, as the hairy, bloody sludge began circling around me.Amy came
through the doorway and floated towards me, suspended above the ground
by the mass of hair beneath her. The lights dimmed before suddenly
shining at full brightness, bursting several bulbs above us.Desperate
for something to hold onto, I reached into my pocket and pulled out the
bright yellow daffodil.

“I kept it close, just like you said.”

She lowered herself until she was only inches from my face.

Her red eyes stared deep into my soul.

I could feel her reading my thoughts, something wriggling around inside
my mind as though she were searching through my neurons. She reached out
and cupped my hands with her own, and the flower immediately turned to
ash between our fingers.

The air had gone completely still, and my breathing became shallow as
she revealed the notebook and opened it.There were crude, scratched
drawings of everything that had happened throughout the day, almost as
though someone had been watching us the entire time.

She turned the page.It was us.

I think there was a drawing of her standing over me while I slept,
followed by another of the two of us holding hands.I said nothing as she
took my hand and cut it with the same blade she had used earlier,
allowing the blood to drip slowly onto the page.

“Amy, please don’t hurt me.”

She leaned closer.

“You’ll never hurt again. I’ll make sure of that.”

She moved back, and the cut in my hand suddenly erupted with hair.Blood
spurted from the wound as the growth spread up my arm. I rolled around
in terror, trying to escape as it engulfed my entire body.Her eyes were
the last thing I saw before everything disappeared into darkness.

I woke up in my own bed, soaked in sweat, cold and frightened. I reached
for the light and switched it on, expecting to find hair, blood or Amy
Locke waiting for me, but there was nothing.

No hair.

No blood.

No Amy Locke.

A wave of relief washed over me.

I sat there for a while, trying to collect my thoughts, until there was
a knock at my bedroom door.

“It’s okay, Mum. I just had a nightmare.”

There was no answer.Instead, flashes from the dream began forcing
themselves back into my mind. Amy. Her beautiful black hair. The way she
had looked at me.I approached the door and locked it.From the other side
came a voice.

“Control, will, thoughts.”

Her voice was summoning me.

I wanted to open the door.

I wanted to see those ruby eyes again.

There was no phone signal, so I ran to the computer and began typing
this. I can feel my thoughts moving, being altered, and it’s getting
harder to think about anything other than her touch. I want to hold her.
I want to be with her.

I don’t have long.

Too scared to move, but I’m even more afraid that if I stay still, I’ll
lose myself completely. My mind isn’t my own anymore, and my soul
doesn’t feel like it belongs to me. The urge to turn around is becoming
too strong, and every second that passes makes it harder to resist.

I need to see her.

I need Amy Locke for we’re about to start something beautiful to be
together forever.

“Peace, acceptance, mine.”

A voice so pure.

A voice coming from right behind me.
