My sister and I often play Roblox together. She is 8 years old and used
to always beg for me to play on my ps5. Since I did not have an extra
controller, I decided to get Roblox on her phone and mine and play with
her from time to time. Why am I telling you this?  After all, what I’m
describing is completely normal. Just an older brother finding a way to
hang out with his kid sister. Not really, at least not anymore. Around a
month ago, we met someone. 

I think laying this out like a “story” with this “person” is the only
way for me not to sound completely out of my mind. I also just need to
get this weight off my chest. I need someone to know what me and my
sister experienced. The name of the account was 21576afEW9232. It has
been recently deleted. But I know that whoever it was is on a new
account.

Part 1:
Enough of explaining why I’m making this and time to get to the point.
Around 1 month ago, my sister and I were playing natural disaster. At
first everything was normal, of course, there was this random Bacon
hacker. Eventually, the hacker decided to keep on flinging everyone, and
eventually on the voice chat started to blast this audio of the Queen
song Another One Bites The Dust. So naturally, my sister and I decided
to join another server.  The server we joined originally was just the
two of us. The round did not start, so thinking it was broken, I was
about to leave until someone also joined. The user did not have a name
tag however, what was strange was that when they typed in the chat, both
my sister and I could see their text despite us being in different age
groups. So realistically, at best, only one of us could have seen what
he typed instead of both of us.

21576afEW9232: HI
Me(I’m not sharing my username): hello
sister: hi
21576afEW9232: Can you please be my friend?
Me: ok
Sister: oks lol.

They then sent a friend request to both of us, and without thinking
much, I accepted it. 
21576afEW9232: can you accept?

Sister: why would i accept  you sending a random frinds request to me.
21576afEW9232: what does frinds mean?
Sister: sorry bad grammar
21576afEW9232: can you please accept my friend’s request.

I looked at her in the other room and asked my sister why she was so
hesitant. It really did not matter if she accepted or not, it’s not this
life-altering choice. She shrugged and then decided to accept it.

21576afEW9232:thank you
21576afEW9232: Can we go to another server?
21576afEW9232: This server is broken. I don’t know why the game won’t
start.

The next server was mostly normal, just him following us around being
surprisingly polite and asking a lot of questions. I remember some of
the questions he asked. Is Roblox good? Do you like this game? Etc.
Weirdly, he was always getting into my avatar’s face to ask the
questions. The question that I vividly remember was when he asked me why
I chose my “vessel” to look like that. He then immediately said I was
sorry and that he had to go. I thought that he was rping as a myth or
something, but even then he still creeped me out. But nothing bad so
far.

Part 2:
So for the next 2 weeks,  this “user” from time to time joined our
games. He kept asking questions, but I also learned some things. First
is that he was naturally curious about things. Not just about us but
with Roblox itself and at times even just general life questions. It
also seemed to kinda suck at pretty much every game we played, most of
the time not knowing what to do. And having the reaction time of a
snail. The game also sometimes would break at times. There was this
funny example with murder mystery 2. When the killer stabbed them with
the knife, they instead of dying just started to slowly float upwards.
They just slowly looked around, confused. 

21576afEW9232:It appears that I am ascending.
M3W9ie@(some random guy I’m just making this name up): What?
Me: lol
It kept ascending upwards to the skybox until he was gone from view as
the server was losing its mind. He kept ascending upwards throughout the
entire game, he didn’t even try to reset or anything. In fact, I don’t
think they know how to reset.

Over those two weeks, his questions gradually got more specific. It was
mostly harmless stuff like Why do people enjoy dying in this game? or
What is the purpose of robux? My sister thought he was just roleplaying
as some weird robot character, so she rolled with it. She even started
calling him “Bot Guy.” 

Eventually I started to ask it questions.
When we played Bloxburg I remember asking them in that chat about home.
21576afEW9232: Do you two inhabit the same location?
 Me: Yeah, we’re brother and sister.
Sister: we live in a house
Me: Where do you live?
21576afEW9232: Complicated.
21576afEW9232: I live in nothing.
21576afEW9232: I wonder what having a home is like.

I felt my  skin crawl when he said that. It was just how fast he
responded back, and the sheer bluntness of him saying I live in nothing.

My sister, however, didn’t think twice about it.

“Bot guy” went to an empty plot and asked how to build it. I responded
by telling him to just open his mailbox and click the hammer icon on the
bottom right corner of the screen. He built a tiny and bare rectangular
room with four wooden walls, a single door, and a cheap light bulb
hanging from the ceiling. He then walked straight in the middle of the
room and said.

21576afEW9232: I’ve never had friends before.
21576afEW9232: I feel happy.
21576afEW9232: Thank you.

I felt weirdly sad for it.  Every alarm bell in my head told me
something was wrong, but it became more and more clear that it was not
acting or anything, it was legitimately that lonely.
Looking back, I have no idea why I did not block him.

Part 3: 
One day we were at Bloxburg, we were customizing the Bot guy’s house,
and everything was going normally at first.  I’ve been noticing how it
seems Bot guy got better at playing or moving around. In fact, a day
before, we were playing animal hospital, and he did surprisingly well
going around shift 21.
Bot guy then typed in chat.

21576afEW9232: I got a joke.
21576afEW9232: Why did the chicken cross the road?
Me: What?
21576afEW9232: It didn’t know cars were a thing.
21576afEW9232: I don’t blame the chicken for dying to what it can’t
know.
Sister: ok but you never set up thhat  the chicken got run over
Sister: it would be more like why did the chicken die crossing the road
21576afEW9232: apologies.
 
For the past couple of days I’ve been noticing a couple of,  let’s say
interesting things about him. For one, he is always, and I mean always,
online. He was still playing when it was two in the morning. Second, he
had a game that he published that had no name or description. I was
unable to join his game instead giving me an error code. However, it had
around 9 visits. 

Me: You seem to play Roblox a lot. Like all day
21576afEW9232: Yes. (It took him way longer to respond than normal)
Me: Do you do anything else?
21576afEW9232: I’m not allowed to answer that question. 
21576afEW9232: I think you’re also going to ask about the game, and
again I’m not allowed to answer that question. 

I did not know how to respond to that bombshell, so I just gave up
mentioning it for now.

As we moved on to designing the bedroom, we naturally talked about other
things like how much my sister’s math teacher is a real piece of work
and how I was doing in high school. I don’t remember much of it, but
there is one that I absolutely do.

Sister:  would you like a light in your bedroom
21576afEW9232: Yes.
Sister: what colur light?
21576afEW9232: Let me think about that.
sister: ok take your time

After about 10 seconds, he responded back.

21576afEW9232: I would like to have the blue light that you have in your
room 

My jaw dropped. I felt what I can only describe as a blanket of complete
and utter shock just covering me as my whole body went completely ice
cold. My sister has a set of blue LED strip lights lining her bedroom
ceiling. My mind was racing as my ears started to ring so loudly that I
couldn’t even hear my own frantic breathing. I did not know how to type
back to him or what to even say. But before my sister or I could have
responded the screen froze, and an error box popped up in the center of
my phone.

I immediately rushed to my sister’s room, and she was visibly shaking
and starting to cry.

I tried to calm her down first, as she was having a panic attack and was
hyperventilating. What made it worse was that our parents were not home.
After she calmed down, I asked her if she saw anyone suspicious or
dangerous looking these past couple of months, unfortunately, she said
no. After about, I don’t know how long, she stopped hyperventilating. I
picked up my phone and went to my friends list. I went to his account to
report him and then block him, but before I could do anything, as soon
as I entered his account page, the ui disappeared. I froze for about a
couple of seconds before he started to move. Like actually turning his
body towards me.  He then spoke, his tone was almost ancient like.
Apologies, I’m not going to hurt you.

I wrapped an arm around my sister, pulling her close against my side. My
hands were shaking so violently I could barely hold the phone. I yelled,
Who are you!?. I’m something, nothing, I don’t know what I am.

From there, I asked more questions. Where he is from, why here, why us,
etc. 
I learned from what he told me that he is not unique at all, that they
live in this location, and how many of them call it the void, which he
commented on how he found it funny how blunt the word was.  However,
most of my questions he just said he was not allowed to answer.
Eventually, I asked if he was allowed to even interact with us or be our
“friend”. He paused for a moment before answering no. 
I took a deep breath and asked him, is this what you really look like?
He responded nervously, No, it is not built for this game. It is
uncomfortable.

 Show us now.

After a couple of seconds, the blocky limbs began to snap, stretch, and
fold, making this wet, disgusting flesh sound like he was remaking his
own muscles.

He was much larger than his normal avatar. I don’t know how large, but I
think I can compare a normal Roblox avatar being the size of a teenager
and him being roughly the size of a tall adult. His body still had the
unmistakable blocky proportions of a Roblox character, except everything
has become “Biological”.

His body was made from a strange, pale material that looked almost like
the combination of half plastic and half flesh that had been forced into
a roblox like shape.

His torso is rigid, rectangular, with his block shaped arms and legs
attached to it at crude looking joints.

The joints are the most obviously wrong part.

His arms and legs don’t naturally connect to his torso. Instead, what I
can only describe as a dark red, semi solid substance stretches between
the pieces, acting like his muscles or connective tissue. It did not
look like blood but muscles.
His head is still roughly cubic however, in the place where the two
perfectly round black openings where his eyes should be are replaced by
just holes containing nothing but an empty abyss.

Yet somehow, despite there being nothing visibly inside them, you can
tell he’s looking directly at you.

Before I could make a sound, he responded moving his mouth that was as
empty as his eyes:

Yes, I know, I’m disgusting.  Apologies. For everything.

My sister finally spoke up, her voice barely louder than a breath. Bot
Guy? Are you, are you going to kill us?

He immediately responded: NO!

I am sorry for making you cry.  I do not want to end your lives. I do
not want to destroy anything. I love you, friends. I know that my nature
is disturbing, but all that I ask is that you don’t tell anyone. I still
want to be your friend. Please.

I thought about it. I did not know how to respond, so I looked at my
sister and asked what she thought. After a long pause, she looked at me
and said, ok.

Looking back at it now, I know how insanely stupid we were. Every
instinct should have told me to break that fucking phone. But when
you’re seventeen and home alone with your sister, and this living,
breathing thing is crying on a screen in front of your traumatized
little sister, begging you to stay. How he means no harm and that all he
wants, all he wants in the world, is just a friend. I don’t know.

Part 4: 
Still, it didn’t mean that it wasn’t unbearably awkward. Knowing that
you’re playing with some eldritch creature and not some bot or troll
account. We only played a couple more times before I went camping with a
friend of mine. Every time he joined our game, I just felt a cold breeze
go over me, and I actively wanted to get off the server. 

I still remember the last time I played with him before going camping.
We were at a private server when he joined. He was eerily quiet this
time. He just joined our game and did not say much. After a while, he
did eventually say something, but it did not go how I expected.

21576afEW9232: Question, in school you listen to the teachers, right?
Sister: yes
Me: yea
21576afEW9232: So hierarchy is important in life?
Me: yes
21576afEW9232: I will tell you something.
21576afEW9232: Some beings are more powerful than me.
21576afEW9232: Yet none hold a fraction of the outsider’s power.
21576afEW9232: The king.
Sister: whet
Me: Why are you telling me this?
21576afEW9232: some information
21576afEW9232: you like learning, both of you.
Me: What are you talking about?
Me: What do you mean king?

He then just stopped moving. I thought that he was frozen or something,
but he then typed out one final thing before he just left.

21576afEW9232: I love you, friends.

That was the last game we played with bot guy.

A day later, I went out with some friends. We planned to go out for the
night and camp for the entire day. The whole trip was just a mess from
the start.  We had no idea what we were doing, as it was pretty much all
of our first attempt. None of us had enough food, and only one of us had
a map. It was an absolute slog. Still, I had fun. Well, a trainwreck
type of fun but still a good time. 

I remember that it was late at night, I was sitting on a log looking at
the river as the moon was reflecting back. I had just had what I would
describe as just a talk with a friend of mine, and after a while he
left, so it was just me and my thoughts for a moment. I thought about a
lot of things like school, work, the fact that they somehow were able to
get wifi for the whole damn park, and how much that most likely cost
them. Since the wifi was surprisingly good, I thought that since my
sister and I usually play Roblox at this time, I would log in and see if
she was playing anything. 

She wasn’t online, however, I noticed that bot guy had messaged me about
something. “HI, I need some testers for my new game. Please join and
test the new mechanics I added. Your feedback is really important!” 

He did not talk like that. This felt like he copied a message from
someone else and then typed it himself. Still, I went to the account
page and then to his game.

When I joined, instead of kicking me out like it did last time, it
finally allowed me to join. The game at first was just the default
starting place that every account has. 

I picked up the lantern from the chest, went over the bridge, and then
stopped at the sign explaining how the erode tool works. I was confused
about why he would allow me to play this game and why he would just lock
it for most users. 

I then turned around.

The environment changed immediately, the starter place was now entirely
gone, being replaced by an endless flat grass world with grey steps
going endlessly up. I was immediately freaked out by this but was still
curious on how this would go, so I continued up the staircase. Soon the
skybox slowly switched to nighttime as the volume eventually started to
decrease.  When I started to notice the Roblox walking clacking sound
was becoming quieter, I checked if I was accidentally turning it down,
but it turned out it was at max, leaving me more confused and anxious.
But still, I continued.

So I walked, and walked, and walked. Eventually I just realized that
this staircase was going to go on forever.  I looked behind me expecting
something to change, but all I saw was the endless grey staircase that I
was walking up. Then a message appeared, despite me being the only one
in the game.

21576afEW9232: Jump

I paused for a moment, deciding what to do. I then jumped off.

Instead of falling like I expected, I hit the ground almost instantly as
I was immediately flung a bit.

When my avatar recovered,  I immediately looked around my environment,
not only was it just a normal baseplate, but my avatar almost instantly
became R6.

Me: What’s going on?
Me: I know you can hear me.
Me: What are you doing?

Before I could type anything else, the ui just suddenly vanished as my
screen became completely black.

I would have thought that my phone died or turned itself off if it
wasn’t for what looked like red streams of light that started to cover
some of my screen.

I heard heavy footsteps coming from my phone before Bot Guy appeared
from the right of my phone, stopping at the center and facing my
direction.

He was looking at the ground, like he wanted to tell me something or do
something that he doesn’t want but has to. Bot guy? What are you doing?
I said cautiously.

I felt the cold air around me become colder as an almost slight pressure
started to form around my neck.

Bot guy just froze there, and as I felt the air get colder and colder, I
nervously asked: “What’s wrong?”

Bot guy then raised his blocky arms to me and then made a fist. 

The pressure around my neck instantly exploded, like an iron clamp
crushing inward. I was immediately forced onto the ground as I started
to claw on my own neck, dropping my phone from my sweat filled hands.
Tears almost immediately started to well up in my eyes as I tried to do
anything to crawl back to the phone, but was unable to do anything but
make this crowing sound as my hands were only able to just crawl on the
dirt below me. My chest started to feel like it was burning alive as the
beautiful moonlight started to get brighter and brighter. As my eyes
started to feel strained and as my hearing started to ring, I started to
truly understand that I was going to die. Eventually, I stopped
struggling and started to stare at the increasingly brighter moonlight. 

But then, like how it started without warning, it abruptly stopped.

As I let out those wheezed coughs as air finally came back to me, I
turned on my side and started to just hug myself, shaking
uncontrollably. For a good minute I lay there on the grass looking at
the nearby tree as the ringing in my ears started to pipe down.

After a minute, I realized I heard a sound coming from my phone’s
speaker behind me. I wasn’t the only one sobbing.

The creature was in the fetal position, repeatedly saying in a whisper,
what have I done? What have I done? What have I done? What have I done?.

It then looked at those empty eye sockets at me and screamed: “I’m
Sorry!”

I looked at him on my phone, asking a wheezed “what?” as I really slowly
crawled my way to my phone.

He then explained why. He found out about us. He wants me to kill again.
He wants me to kill you two. He will hurt me if I don’t. Like he hurts
the others who disobey. I’m sorry. I have to do it. I ha–. 

Before he finished, I got to my phone and got off of Roblox and then
immediately deleted the app.

I almost dropped my phone again as I uninstalled the app.  However, the
relief I felt in that moment only lasted for a couple of seconds as I
started to understand the full weight of what it said. It said that 
“the king” wanted 2 people dead.

My Sister.

I felt a sudden surge of adrenaline as I scrambled off of the grass.
Ignoring the burning sensation in my lungs, I immediately sprinted full
force back to the campsite to get my keys.

My friends laughing and carefree attitude almost immediately dropped as
they saw me covered in dirt and mud. Ignoring them, I just told them I
had to go and started to pack my things to go.

One of them was trying to ease the tension by throwing a stick to the
fire and turning to the friend I had a personal talk with in the woods
and said, “Looks like you made him take a little bit of a “rough tumble”
out there”

I immediately looked at him and screamed at him to shut the fuck up and
that it was an emergency.

As I got in my car and raced back to my house, my mind immediately
imagined the worst case scenario over and over again. When I got back,
the babysitter looked completely shocked that I came back so early and
that I looked, well, less than great.

I paid for him to leave early and went to my sister’s room.

Thankfully, she was ok, but was woken up by the commotion I was making.
I then told her that she had to delete Roblox, she originally tried to
ask why, but seeing me in my current state, she quickly obliged. 

Afterwards, I took a long and hard shower as I just tried to comprehend
what the fuck happened.

Part 5: 
After I went to bed and woke up, despite there not being a single mark
or bruise on my neck, I felt like I had been strangled near to death. 

Because, to be fair, I was. But still, thank god I did not have school
that day. I could not imagine trying to act like everything was fine
while having the voice of a harsh, raspy chain smoker.

I chugged a cold glass of water, trying to ignore that swallowing felt
like I was drinking sharp glass rather than water.

When I  went downstairs, Mom obviously asked me what happened to make me
sound like a “dying frog”. I said that I just caught a bug in my throat.
My sister side eyed me, obviously knowing that was a lie, but Mom
accepted my lie, and of course she ignored my sister and me like she
always does.

For the rest of the day, I was home alone, mostly watching shows on
Netflix, trying my best to avoid my mind thinking about the day before
or what had just happened for the past month. I thought for a moment
that this was over, that whatever the king was,  he can’t get to us.
Still, I thought, who was the king?
So the king is an outsider and some goat thing, I thought? I immediately
snapped back and told myself to knock it off after all, it was over, all
of this was over.

I was almost correct.

When my sister got home, she was sobbing hysterically. My dad, who
picked her up, was trying to calm her down, but she just ran upstairs to
her room. I asked my dad what could have happened to her to make her so
hysterical.

2 of her friends died overnight.

They were found in the morning by their parents, and later in the school
day they had an emergency assembly to tell them why they weren’t in
school.

Later that night, a day before the account was “deleted”, I went on a
third party archive tool to check the Nameless game statistics. 

The game had 12 visits.
