June 26th 2024 i woke up and started my day as i always had. Brushed my
teeth , made my coffee , and plotted my itinerary of what i was going to
do. I had been killing and torturing people for about 7.5 years now.
Pulling teeth out of peoples mouths, cutting eyelids off to ensure that
my victims couldn’t hide from what i was doing to them, anything i could
to give me that boost of dopamine that no drug or substance had ever
given me. Ive become a professional. Surely to be up in the mount
Rushmore of serial killers with no intention of ever getting caught
because i knew how to cover my tracks. My latest victim was a 5’7”
homeless man. Super easy kill no one would even notice…but boring
nonetheless . Over the course of these 7.5 years I’ve tallied up
around…243 bodies? I think? I don’t know I’m starting to lose track.

I was starting to get bored though. I wanted to challenge myself. I was
starting to let my victims run into the woods surrounding my house so i
could chase them down like a wolf chasing an injured elk. But i wanted
more of challenge. Someone more fit , someone who had mental and
physical stamina , the will to keep going , to endure what i was doing.
I wanted them to think they had a chance to survive. But most of the
prey knew right away when they would wake up in my dungeon (cool name
right?😀) that their demise was near.

The curdles and cracks of their screams, the tears streaming down their
faces pleading for mercy asking what they had done to deserve this. My
answer to every victim was simple,

“i just enjoy what i do. The same way a businessman enjoys selling
things and making money , i enjoy picking away at your soul and seeing
what it takes to make you break.”

It was true. All of it was pure ecstasy to me. A drug id never want to
end. I wouldn’t lie to my victims mainly because at that point i knew
they weren’t going home to tell anyone.

The longest any one of my victims lasted ,before i thought the sick
thrill i got was going to end, was Rachelle moore. A whopping 6 days! On
the last day as the highs were reaching its peak i let her run giving
her a sense of hope that she might just make it out of the clutches of
my domain . She got pretty far into the woods , maybe close to half a
mile. She ran track in college so i was excited to see what she could
do, but like the professional i am i obviously caught her and when i did
she told me one thing before i sent her on her way to meet the rest of
my victims in whatever afterlife there was.

“I hope one day you run into someone crazier than you”she said with
blood and chips of her teeth spilling out

It sounded a little more like a lisp being i cut half her tongue off but
i was able to piece together what she was saying. I laughed. I even took
the 3.5ft knife i made and plunged it into her hand pinning it into the
ground so i could take a moment to humor what she had just said to me.

I responded “me and you both, my love”.

Something stuck with me after that. Crazier than me? I took it as an
insult. As if anyone was capable of reaching the heights of MY work. I
wanted to be THAT guy, THE guy that everyone in the WORLD knew. I wanted
to inspire generations of serial killers. I wanted to be a blueprint for
all those who had a passion for killing, but simultaneously for them to
know that they couldn’t compare to me. The lebron of serial killers if
you will.

While i sat and had my morning coffee i was thinking who i had in mind
to abduct this time. Gym rats were no fun because they were all so
insecure on the inside hiding behind all that muscle, sure the physical
stamina was there but absolutely zero mental stamina. People who worked
in cubicles or white collars were no fun either cause most of them
seemed pretty okay with the idea of dieing…weirdos if you ask me. So to
ponder up some ideas i took a drive into the suburbs 20 miles from my
area maybe to find some inspiration.

I drove into a regularly populated town. I drove a maroon dodge caravan.
I was clean cut and took care of myself to avoid suspicion from local
authorities (not like they could ever catch me anyway). While scoping
out my next boost of dopamine, i spotted a white step van. It was a
fedex delivery driver. I saw him running from house to house as if he
was in a hurry to get done with his route for the day. My interest had
peaked.

He was 5’9” 145 pounds. Small frame but athletic nonetheless. Two
tattoos on his leg one of them resembling something of what looked to be
a centipede. I wondered if they had any meaning. He had to be somewhat
strong because i watched him take a gazebo out of the back hatch door,
throw it on his shoulder and run it up to the house he was delivering
at. He was consistent. Running up to every front door, leaving the
packages , taking the picture of the delivery , running back to the van
and jumping to the second step and moving on to get to the next
delivery. I started analyze him on a mental level. What was he in such a
hurry for? Can he maintain this pace for a whole days work? I followed
him and watched him effortlessly do his route for 2 hours where he did
about 87 stops. There had to be some motivation for him to want to get
done so quick and i had to know. Could he be the high i was chasing?

I formulated an excuse to talk to him. I drove up to his van where he
was just about to take off to his next stop and asked

“ hey! Sorry to bother you but do you have a package for 187 morrison
st?”

He replied with a warm and slightly startled demeanor “uhm…i dont know
off the top of my head but i can check though gimme one second”

He looked at the ipad he had in his van to check obviously not knowing i
didn’t live there.He went to the back of his van and grabbed a small
grey envelope and said

“here you go can i just see your ID verify your residence?”

I quickly started shuffling looking for a ID that i didn’t have and said

“Oh my! i must’ve left it at home.”

As i said this i didn’t realize i had Rachelle’s ID still in my van
passenger seat . I can tell he wasn’t dumb because being his van sat
higher than mine he was able to get a good look inside and see the ID i
so thoughtlessly forgot to bring back inside the dungeon. He didn’t
waver. the look in his eyes had changed but his expression Didnt. i
could see that the pieces were starting to be put together inside his
head. Surely the 2x division 2 national champion that i had kidnapped
two weeks ago was bound to pop up on the news. Of course he knew what
had happened. He says after clearly seeing the mistake i had just made

“ if you want, I’ll be in this general area still for about another 3
hours so if you find me just bring your ID and i can give you the
package!”

immediately i knew what he was doing and i could feel this situation
starting to get sticky. He was trying to get me away from him so he
could call the cops. I wouldn’t let that happen. I smile and said

“Okay thanks!”

With the fakest grin I’ve ever given. Realizing how bad i just fucked up
i knew i had to improvise, if i was going to take him for my next victim
it had to be now. I let him drive a few more stops and once he hit a
back road where there was no cameras on peoples houses. I followed him
for about a quarter mile where i knew it was safe…for me Atleast. I park
the caravan and get out with a rag full of chloroform in my back pocket
with my ID out and said

“Hey! Got my ID!” I let out a soft chuckle with a smile.

He says “nice!”

He takes the ID and looks at it. The moment i realize he sees that the
address on the ID doesn’t match up i grab his arm pull him towards me
and smother the rag over his face. He fought for a little and i was
right , he was strong, expectedly so considering his job. I threw him
into my van and pulled off to the side so i could move his step van deep
into the woods on this backroad so no one would notice a random fedex
van awkwardly parked. I ripped the cameras in his van out and smashed
them with a crowbar i had to avoid any evidence of what just happened.
Certainly one of my sloppier abductions but still a success at that.

After about 3 hours my prey finally awoke. I was salivating at the
thought of getting to see the endurance of what i had just captured. I
ziptied him to a metal chair i welded to the floor of my dungeon. I sat
across from him and said.

“So Hunter is it?”

He says with fog in his eyes due to the chloroform “where…*coughs… am
i?”

“Oh my apologies, welcome to the dungeon my sweet little sugar cube!” I
said with excitement ready for potentially the best high I’ve seen in
years.

“Now Hunter tell me about your self a little , i saw you running so
much, why do you work so hard?”

I said holding A invisible microphone pretending as if I’m interviewing
him (i crack myself up).

He stares up at me like I’m a psycho (how rude >:( ) and says

“You’re the lunatic that kidnapped rachelle moore…i fucking knew it”

“Sure…one of my latest works…she was fun indeed”

Hunter looks around the dungeon to see all the tools i had placed for
whatever part of his of body i wanted to dismember. Oddly enough he was
still composed , angry if anything but composed.

“Well hunter? Tell me…what do you work for? What…drives you?” I winked
at him hoping he understood my pun.

“Kill yourself.” He said

I stepped on his bare foot in frustration. he let out an agonizing grunt
and i could feel a little blood rush to my head.

“Come on now don’t play hard to get, it’s important i get to know you,
now I’ll ask again…what do you work for.”

Gritting his teeth he says “money… i need money. i have bills what kind
of stupid fucking question is that.”

“Come on Hunty dig just a wittle deeper than that…what.do.you.work.for.”

As i push down on his foot and hear the bones starting to crack.

“FUCK YOU!!”

As he spits in my eye. I wiped it off. I go and grab my favorite pair of
pliers. Hunters eyes follow me and says

“What’re you doing??”

“All you had to do was answer the question my beloved”

I open the pliers up and clamp his toe nail and rip it off

“AAHHH FUCK WHAT THE FUCK YOU FUCKING FREAK!!” He replies in anger

“Maybe tomorrow you’ll have a better answer, think about what you want
to tell me in the morning… oh eggs for breakfast?” I said

“Kill yourself.”

I chuckled and walked upstairs to the main part of the house to get
ready for bed.

End of part 1
