I won’t say my name because that’s not important. Just know that I
worked on the case and liaised with the reporters. 

I was there from the beginning. Saw things that most people can’t even
believe. 

That’s the hard part about working in homicide. You come face to face
with the worst of humanity and it eats your soul.

But I digress.

The serial killer I’m referring to is, of course, Slippery Fingers. 

If you haven’t heard about him, thank the Lord almighty, because you can
sleep better at night. 

His crimes were brutal and sadistic, the sort you could only dream about
in nightmares. 

He loved to spend hours torturing his victims, bringing them to the very
limits of their pain, then making them beg for death. 

He was the kind of killer that made Ted [redacted] look like a
gentleman. 

Before I continue, I should probably explain the nickname. 

The moniker “Slippery Fingers” came into being after some anonymous
poster put it up on [redacted]. The user called him that because he
would always turn up out of nowhere, commit a heinous crime, and then
vanish for years, like he had never existed. 

No one knew his identity or had any idea of his whereabouts. He was just
some slippery figure, striking fast, and then vanishing before law
enforcement could decide what had happened. 

Some people claimed he wasn’t real. 

Me? I knew he was… I’d seen him once on a security camera downtown after
he had committed a murder at a ritzy hotel.  

In the camera’s playback, I’d witnessed a tall, pale figure. His hair
long and wispy. His hands draped down at his sides like he was
sleepwalking. He only moved them when he raised his right hand to knock
on his victim’s door. 

We didn’t catch him that night, obviously. Like every other time before,
Slippery Fingers had disappeared after murdering his victim. 

We had no clues or traces of DNA to pin down his location. Even the
images of his physical appearance turned up nothing in our databases.

He wasn’t seen for years after that. 

That is… until he turned up at my home. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

My wife was inside making dinner. I was in our garage, tuning up our
bikes for our annual trip along the East Coast.

She had been bugging me to get our bikes ready and, like any supportive
husband, I was determined to make her happy. A few minutes into my work…

… I heard a light tapping at the window. I got up, knees aching, and
looked out onto the street. I nearly dropped my tools in horror. 

My god…

Someone tall and wispy-haired, hands hanging down at their sides, was
watching me from my yard. 

Holy shit.

I couldn’t believe it was him. The absolute psychopath I’d been tracking
for years had somehow… found me.  

I was so stunned that it took me a good few moments to remember that my
Glock was strapped to my ankle. 

Thank the Lord…

I unholstered it and glanced back out the window. By this point,
Slippery Fingers was already at the street corner, nearly out of view. 

Oh, no you don’t… I hurried outside and started my pursuit.  

Now, some of you reading this might question my decision… I recognize
that standard law enforcement procedure is to wait and call for backup,
but I had to get him.

I’d been on the force for ten years, hunting this creep. 

People had been calling him a ghost, convinced that he was some made-up
boogeyman… a demon to torment sinners who deserved God’s judgment… 

I wasn’t going to tolerate any more of these stories. I needed to prove
to myself and to all of his victims that he was flesh and blood. That
there was still justice in the world that could punish monsters like
him. 

And so, I went after him.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I called my partner a few blocks into my pursuit and informed him who I
was tracking. 

“Slippery Fingers?! You’re joking?!”

“Just get your ass down here! He’s hauling and I don’t want to lose
him!”

I did my best to keep up with my target, but god, he was fast. Even
while I was speed-walking, he managed to always stay several streets
ahead of me.

By now, my wife was worried. My phone kept lighting up with texts and
voicemails. I sent her a voice memo, telling her, “I’m just out for a
walk. Be right back. Keep dinner warm.” 

I had no idea where Slippery Fingers was leading me, but I couldn’t give
up.

Just keep going. I pushed myself harder. 

Finally, we ended up at an abandoned strip mall a few blocks away from
my neighborhood. 

I knew the place well. It was a filthy spot frequented by junkies and
sex fiends. I’d driven by it countless times on my way to work.

I texted my partner the address before I went inside and braced myself
for any possibility…

Keep your eyes on each corner. That’s where he likes to hide.

As soon as I entered, the smell of urine and black mold hit me. 

The fading light from outside barely made it in through the boarded
windows.

As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I noticed a painting on the wall,
lit by candlelight. I thought the presence of these candles was odd. It
made me wonder, Is this where he’s been hiding all this time? No. It’s
too close. Too easy.

I swept my gaze through the moldy space, waiting for my nemesis to
attack.

“Evening, detective…”  

I spun and scanned the interior.

“Slippery Fingers… this is the police… come out with your hands up…”

“… I’ve been wanting to speak with you for some time…”  

I stared in the direction of his voice. It had come from a dimly lit
corner straight ahead of me.

“I won’t say it again… come out… hands up…”

My Glock shook in my sweaty grip. Then…

“Down here, Detective…”

What?

I glanced at my feet in horror. 

There was a dark lump next to me. 

Trash?

I kicked a rotted piece of cardboard aside, revealing…

Slippery Fingers. In the flesh.

What in God’s name?!

He was lying there. His body curled up on itself like a centipede. His
face staring up at me. Dead?

No. A bizarre smile decorated his face. His pale skin and wispy hair
seemed wet and oily.

A long, winding exhale escaped his lungs as he unfolded himself. Bones
snapping as his joints came together. 

Good Lord…

I nearly vomited as he rose to full height, returning to his regular
human shape. 

I didn’t even have the strength or logic to respond to the insanity.

I just stared at him as he smiled.

Then, he grabbed my face with both hands and smashed it against the
wall. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The next thing I remember is waking up to my partner and another officer
above me. 

“What happened?” my partner asked. 

“I… don’t know…” I got up and looked around.

A pair of crime scene technicians were setting up lights, taking
pictures, and trying to make sense of this bizarre sanctuary. 

“I’m not sure how to tell you this…” my partner began. “But something’s
happened…”

My face went white as I turned to the wall and studied the painting for
the first time.

Before me was an image of two people, presumably a man and his wife.
They were seated at a table, enjoying a nice dinner. 

I couldn’t make out the man’s face… his back was toward me… but the
woman was facing forward… her clothes and hair seemed familiar… she
almost looked like…

Oh god…

I ripped out my phone and called my wife. 

It rang three times and then…

… cut to voicemail. 
