The email came through when I was curled up in bed mindlessly scrolling
through my phone. It popped up on my notifications first, and then my
laptop pinged. Initially, I ignored it. It looked like one of those
frustrating spam emails insisting I  had won the latest iPhone model,
with the subject just reading, “Read this!!!”  I did grow curious when I
saw the name though. Eli.

High school Eli. The weird kid who was obsessed with Fortnite for our
entire high school career – Eli. It had been almost four years since we
had graduated and I hadn’t spoken to him. Since we were the class of
2020, we didn’t have a graduation or any kind of celebration, not even a
prom. I was a high school senior, blinked, and then I was a
twenty-one-year-old college student. Eli wasn’t really a friend.

I wouldn’t class him as someone who had kept in touch. So, it was kind
of weird that he was sending me an email out of the blue. Still, though,
I was intrigued. The last I heard about him was a screenshot I’d seen on
a friend’s story indicating he’d gotten his dream job.  Lucky him. Eli
was one of the smartest guys in our class, so I wasn’t really surprised.
Sitting up in bed, I dragged my laptop onto my knee, opened it up, and
clicked onto my mostly empty Gmail inbox which was nothing but Uber Eats
spam and rejections from jobs I’d applied to.

Eli’s email was sitting on the top with no subject, just a line of
exclamation marks which was very Eli. “Hey, Gabby, long time no see! Do
you remember when we used to play visual novel games during study hall?”
He started off the email like he was sharing precious memories at our
high school anniversary, though it was strangely comforting.  I did
remember. I was obsessed with visual novel games as a teenager.

The Persona games were a particular favorite.

Those games were my crack. I vaguely remember sitting in the library
playing it until my friends had to physically drag me away from my PSP. 
I smiled at the memory. Good times. However, I didn’t remember Eli being
with me.

It was always just me or my own close circle of friends. But hey, I
figured my memory was bad.  It wasn’t completely out of the realm of
possibility that he’d joined us once or twice since he too was really
into games. I skimmed through the email, highlighting lines of text, my
fingers fidgety.

“Well, I currently work as a games designer at an indie company, and I
figured you might like this! It’s our newest project and it’s still in
early development, though the game itself and the story are finished!
Why don’t you check it out before it goes live on Steam early next year?
We’re trying to send early access to some well-known streamers, but it’s
taking a while : ) If I remember correctly, you’re into this sort of
thing, right? Neverwood is completely up your alley.”

Underneath the initial paragraph was a link, and intrigued, I clicked on
it and read the rest of the email while another window—what looked like
a downloading wizard– popped up.

“Let me know what you think! I spent two years on this game so I would
appreciate your feedback! (If I had to describe it, I would say it’s
Persona but more slice-of-life lol. There’s a school setting, and it
focuses on making attachments, so no superpowers or demons ;)” I rolled
my eyes at that.

He hadn’t changed.

I still inwardly winced at old texts he used to send our friend group,
just endless winky faces, and sexual innuendos. Eli was a good guy
though.

I mean, I think he was.

I can’t say I remembered much of him, only that he’d sometimes be in our
topic of conversation. But I was still excited to check out his game.

I loaded up the downloading wizard which went through the specs I needed
to play the game, and then the usual terms and conditions that I
automatically skipped through. I could see some of the imagery in the
background for the game. It was a window looking out into a sky filled
with stars with a crescent moon poking out. I don’t know why I expected
something similar to Stardew Valley, though I was pleasantly surprised.

The art looked to all be hand drawn and there were no pixels in sight.
It was cozy.  It reminded me of Welcome to Nightvale. The game was easy
to download. It took maybe five minutes of staring at a rapidly changing
number skipping from 10% to 50% and then back to 3% for the game to
finally load up. It was surprisingly well made. 

The game started with an almost cinematic scene involving a first-person
point of view of a car ride. There was no voice acting, only text boxes
popping up in varying shades of purple—which I thought was a nice touch.

I was introduced to eighteen-year-old Maddy, a wallflower, coming back
home after a summer away at camp.

Driving through an idealistic-looking town, the animation was smooth and
there were no glitches or lag. The whole town of Neverwood was put on
display in several flashes framed in a photographic collage and
polaroids pinned to Maddie’s bedroom walls.

I figured these were all playable locations in the game. I saw a diner,
a coffee shop, and a school. The music was what I can only describe as
Lofi while other characters were introduced in a series of cryptic texts
and characters blurred out in the late setting sun’s glow.

Maddy herself was frowning at a photo of herself and a guy, whose face
was blocked by her finger. Again, whoever did the art for this game was
talented.

The smooth colors blending with the interface made it feel cosy and
warm.

These people looked… real. Sure, I could see that they were hand-drawn
sprites and had clearly had a lot of thought and passion put into them.

But they looked and acted like real people. The animation was flawless.
Eli and his colleagues had definitely taken inspiration from Life is
Strange.

Immediately, the game’s visuals drew me in, almost cyberpunk colors,
vivid reds, and purples blurring together in the vaporwave of traffic
outside the car.

I got the basic story through the narrative in the scene. In a written
monologue and through snapshots of texts being left on read, and phone
calls that she had missed—Maddy was going to actually try in her senior
year. 

She already had friends but had never tried with them, always backing
out of plans or making excuses. The animation ended with her lying in
her bed, and I loved the way it was decorated just like I would have
mine. It was very nostalgic, especially for a student who had lost her
late teen years to a virus.

Maddy was lying on her bed staring at the sky and acknowledging that she
wanted to see the stars for real—and go stargazing with her friends she
pushed away—when a notification popped up on her phone from one of the
blurry faces in the polaroid montage. There was a heart emoji next to
his name.

“You up?”

The text box popped up with her thoughts, and the interface lit up.

I had to click on something glowing behind her—another photograph. This
time I could see the face, a smiling brunette with freckles. The art was
beautiful, even for other characters.

I could see the work that had been put into making this kid look as
realistic and relatable as possible. Penn’s interests were highlighted
through more pictures sticking on the wall. He was on the school’s
hockey team, had an affinity for true crime, and was the one behind the
camera in most of Maddy’s photos. 

The game required me to scroll through the texts sent between the two
characters, which was mostly the character of Penn trying and failing to
get her to hang out. The two of them had been friends since they were
little kids, and according to Maddy, they were destined together since
their moms were best friends. I found myself sucked into both the game
and their relationship, with other characters being introduced as I
navigated the tutorial and town. But there was something about the
childhood friends-to-lovers trope that I loved. 

According to the tutorial, I was required to make as many friends as
possible, as well as build a relationship with my chosen character while
also solving a mini background mystery (who gave the entire senior class
food poisoning?) 

My options were: Pen, the childhood best friend whom the game seemed to
already be pushing through its colorful narrative. I had already made my
decision when he turned up at her door to offer breakfast cupcakes and
ask if she wanted a ride to school.

Then there was Violet, a wannabe reporter in Maddy’s classes who was
investigating the food poisoning mystery, and Jude, an estranged member
of the friend group who worked at the coffee shop and spoke fluent
sarcasm. (If you went to the counter straight away, his sprite wouldn’t
pop up for a while, until he finally appeared holding a coffee with the
same text box popping up:

“Aren’t you tired of stalking me?”

If you clicked on him several times (I was impatient since he had
information on the last person seen inside the school kitchen the night
before the food poisoning incident) he would disappear completely and
end up in the town square as an NPC until you left, and then he would
pop back up again. 

I think that was a glitch, so I waited until the next morning at school
to ask him about it. So initially, I admit I got addicted to this game.
I ended up building relationships with all three characters and growing
indecisive about who I wanted my MC to be with. I solved the mystery
pretty easily. It turned out to be one of the guys on the football team
playing a prank. I spent a whole night in real-time sneaking around the
school with Violet and getting to know her story a little better. 

She and Violet had a fight at the start of summer, which ended in Maddy
going to camp and leaving her on read. The game seemed to be implying
that maybe the two of them were a thing and broke up because of Violet’s
family.

Violet didn’t fully reveal their story until the two had solved the food
poisoning mystery. Yes, they were a thing—and yes, just like I thought,
Violet’s family weren’t exactly supportive. So, my main character was
bisexual and in love with her best friends. I got an award for solving
the mystery in record time, and Violet gave me a present, a bag of
diamonds I could spend in the mall which I couldn’t interact with yet.

After solving the mystery with Violet and playing a pretty fun mini-game
that involved catching the culprit by throwing watermelons at him—the
game took me back to the school where I presumed the next part of the
story would begin. I had been playing non-stop for two days, only
pausing for work and eating. So, I took a break.

I searched for the game online, but there was no mention of it. 

Curious, I went on Twitch to see if Eli had managed to convince some
streamers to play it, but no such luck. Last night, I had several hours
to kill, so I hopped back onto Neverwood—only to get Penn straight in my
face the second I’d loaded back to my last saving point, which was
outside the school. His sprite was a little bigger than normal, slightly
overlapping the text box at the bottom of the screen.

“Where did you go?” Penn folded his arms. “Maddy, I’ve been waiting for
you. We were supposed to go to the movies.”

Were we?

I had to think back, a little disoriented and foggy-brained from work.

Oh, yeah, I had movie tickets in my inventory. I’d picked them up behind
a trash can in the town square, only to get a snide comment from Jude,
who was several feet away. I was kind of out of it when I played through
his character story, but basically, he had drifted from the friend group
when his mom got diagnosed with cancer and pushed them all away. He
admitted he regretted it and he and Maddy shared a hug—which I thought
was cute.

I figured Jude’s character would be easier to talk to and more in line
with the main story instead of thrown to the side, but apparently not.

But his comment confused me. I think it was one of the reasons why I
decided to take a break. “You’re not supposed to be here.” His character
said and continued to say it every time I clicked on him for answers.

In my haste to take a break from this game and these characters,  I had
completely forgotten about the movie tickets.

I had three options to choose from to answer him.

Oops, sorry! I totally forgot!

Yeah, I’m not really in the mood for the movies. How about a rain check?

I hear they’re playing that new superhero movie! We should go see it!

I picked the third option and the two of them wandered into the movie
theatre. I didn’t see what went on inside. It just came up with: “Penn
and I had a great time watching Monster Sequel 2!!”

I expected Penn’s character story to start after. And it did. Kind of. I
was drip-fed information on his and Maddy’s past, as well as his rocky
friendship with Jude. But when the game started to get into the meat of
his story, and I was getting invested in the two’s friendship, Penn’s
sprite… blinked. If I had been focusing on the text box on the screen
where the character was pouring his heart out to Maddy, I wouldn’t have
noticed.

But instead, I was stupidly counting the number of freckles on his
cheek. I don’t think I have ever experienced something as uncanny and
strange as a video game character suddenly blinking out of nowhere. It
wasn’t the usual blink of a character animation—which was what I was
used to.

No, this was a slow blink, and I could almost mistake his expression for
sudden confusion. The rapid-flowing text that he had been speaking
suddenly stopped and disappeared completely, followed by three
ellipses. 

“…”

I was frowning at my options at the bottom, which were sympathizing with
him over his and Jude’s friendship break up when his sprite flashed out
of existence leaving me alone outside the movie theatre. The game seemed
to continue as normal. “**You had a great conversation with Penn!” The
text box popped up.

“Why don’t you call him and ask for a second date?”

The cellphone icon at the top of the screen was flashing, but when I
clicked on it, nothing happened. Now, I was playing this at 2am. I don’t
think these glitches would have affected me if I was playing in the
daylight. I headed to the school to see if I could find someone to talk
to, but once my character had popped up in the school’s main hallway,
the Lofi music playing in the background stopped.

I thought it was the game itself, but when I clicked on a locker to pick
up a bag of diamonds, the sound effect of the locker opening and closing
was still there.

So, at this point, I was considering restarting the game. But I found
myself hovering my cursor over the classroom doors I could interact
with.

The main classroom, which most of the story had taken place inside, was
usually unplayable during character stories—and I was pretty sure I was
playing Penn’s. Still though, when I clicked on it, I was let in. The
classroom popped up as usual, and I had apparently walked into a
conversation I did not start. Violet, Penn, and Jude’s default sprites
were already on the screen. Penn seemed to be the main speaker, with his
text box flashing up every few seconds, but his words were going too
fast for me to read.

His usual expression was a warm smile, but this time he was scowling.

While Jude and Violet looked… amused.

I was sure I had never seen Jude smile or even smirk. He always looked
annoyed, while Violet’s smile was always cheery with her sometimes
flashing a heart with her hands.

These expressions were different, though I couldn’t explain why. These
fictional characters weren’t real, and yet somehow they were so much
more expressive in this classroom, lips curled with amusement, eyes
shining.

The two of them appeared to be listening to Penn’s rant that was getting
progressively harder to make out.

So, I took a screenshot and managed to get at least some of it.

“Why can’t you just LISTEN TO ME?”

His sprite was going crazy, exprsisons flickering from happy, to sad, to
annoyed.

I took another, though this one was kind of blurry. “The SAME day OVER
AND OVER AGAIN. AREN’T YOU TIRED? VIOLET, YOU—”

I could feel my stomach twisting itself into knots.

“—SO MANY TIMES, AND IT’S LIKE WE’RE STUCK. WE’RE STUCK RELIVING THIS
SAME DAY, THIS SAME WEEK, THIS SAME YEAR, AND I’M SCARED BECAUSE YOU
GUYS LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT. LIKE I’M CRAZY. AND I’M NOT [FUCKING] CRAZY,
I’M TELLING YOU WE—”

I stopped taking snapshots when the text stopped flowing, and this time
Penn’s sprite turned directly towards me, and this time I did see it. I
saw his expression twist into disgust, his lip curling. And it was so
human, so normal, like I was staring at a living, breathing human being
through that animation. I almost closed the laptop, but part of me
wanted him to continue.

“What the [FUCK] are you doing here?”

His curse words appeared in bolded gibberish I could almost make out.

Penn’s sprite overlapped the text again. “Shouldn’t you be playing
mini-games?” He said. “Leave.” The character told me.

Me.

Not Maddy, the game’s protagonist.

Me.

The player.

I had no way to communicate back because there was no option to. When I
was staring stupidly at my screen, he turned back to the others.

“Please.” The text popped up again, and his eyes were suddenly far too
human, too haunted. “I know I sound crazy—”

“Yeah.” Jude’s sprite came up, mid eye-roll. This time he was wearing
his coffee shop apron, which was either a glitch or something else. Just
like Penn, he was expressive too, a lot more smiley than usual. “Yeah,
you do. What exactly are you trying to tell us?”

“You heard him,” Violet’s sprite was grinning. “He says we’re video game
characters! Which is a good one!”She turned to look directly at me, her
head cocking to her side in one swift burst of animation. “Sooo, that
would mean every choice I make is someone else’s?” The desk suddenly
flipped over next to her, and her smile widened. “False! Because I just
used my own free will to kick that desk over. So, in conclusion, Penn is
like, totally losing his mind, and we should get him to the town
doctor.”

“Agreed.” Jude’s sprite had frozen mid rolling his eyes, which shouldn’t
have freaked me out as much as it did. “I knew he was going to lose it
at some point, but not in high school.”

“WaIT!”

The two of them left the classroom and I snapped out of my trance and
started to close my laptop, my head spinning.

Eli was… quite the designer.

If he could create a game as meta as this, he was definitely going to
make it in the industry. I was sure Neverwood would be a success.
However, I definitely was not a fan of the 4th wall breaking. The whole
thing freaked me out. There was uncanny valley and there was fourth wall
breaking, fictional characters acknowledging your existence was…
something else. I was ready to exit the game when Penn’s sprite jumped
over the text box.

“Please.” The text flashed up, and I couldn’t look at his face—because I
could almost trick myself into believing it was a real person speaking
to me. 

The mix of agony and confusion in his eyes was too human, too real. “I
know you want to quit, and I can understand that I’m freaking you out,”
his text was a little slower, and I could imagine a real person taking
deep breaths through ellipses. “I don’t know why I’m the only one who
thinks like this,” he said. “But I am. I don’t think there was ever a
time when I wasn’t aware of what was going on. I have solved the mystery
at our school over a thousand times. I’ve been on so many dates with the
main character, and each one is the same. I come to school, and I go
home, and it doesn’t feel like living when I’m awake.” His sprite ducked
his head, and something warm slid up my throat.

“It’s torture. I don’t want to be awake anymore. I don’t want to be
aware of this existence because this existence…?” The text box was empty
for a moment while he pondered his thoughts.

“It sucks! Why should I have to relive the same days? Why should I have
to be forced to count each reset? I’m tired… and I should have a right
to be able to end it myself. I know video game characters don’t usually
have a say in what they’re allowed to do—their entire life is controlled
by the player. And I think that’s a pretty shitty existence. I should be
allowed to make my own choices. Who I want to be friends with, and who I
want to love. Who I want to hate, and how I’m going to live my life.
Like I said, it’s not fair. Being aware of my existence and even giving
me the ability to think for myself, is twisted. ” His sprite shrugged.

“So, you can go right ahead.”

When I didn’t respond, because I had no way to talk to him, he
continued.

“There’s a separate folder with the game files,”Penn said. “I’m not
allowed inside them, so I can only see a list of names and notes.”

I knew what he was talking about the second he mentioned the list of
names.

How could I deny this thing… this living thing an end?

But also, wasn’t this murder? If this game had fictional characters with
consciousness, wouldn’t I be killing someone?

“It’s easy to delete me,” Penn said. “Just right-click and delete.”

His smile made me feel sick.

“I know it’s kind of barbaric but trust me you would be doing me a
favor.”

I noticed the classroom glitch around him, and I wondered if him being
awake and controlling the game was messing with the controls. I got my
answer when I tried to open up the options screen, and half of the
screen froze. Luckily, it didn’t affect Penn, who easily popped up over
the frozen interface.

“You’re not killing me,” he said. “You’re saving me.” His words somehow
navigated me to the game files, and just like he had described, there
was a list of folders with one containing the names of the characters.

I went back to the game’s screen, and he was still there, and this time
he was smiling his default smile.

“I would say delete the others too, but I don’t think that’s my choice
to make….” He paused, and I found myself teary-eyed, my gaze flicking
through several text boxes with just “…” before he continued. “Did you
know I can actually have dreams?”

I figured Penn knew I couldn’t reply, but he did his best to act like he
could hear me. “Do you believe in reincarnation?”

I was hovering my cursor over his file when he continued. “I have dreams
where I’m not in this town,” he said.

“I’m someone else. I’m a whole different person with a different
life—and I think that was my past one.”

His smile made me feel queasy and yet indescribably sad at the same
time.

“So, that means I was human in my other life, right? This was just
another life on top of all of the others I’ve had, and this is just….”
He paused, the screen glitching once again. “This one life is just a
blip where something went wrong. Maybe I’ll be the son of the president
of the United States or a prince, or what if I’m like a dog, or an
insect? I don’t just exist as a thing in this game, I’m real. I’ve been
real– and when you delete me, I’ll be real again.

I saw the ellipses as his way of sighing. 

Fuck. I was choked up over a sentient video game character.

I swiped at my eyes.

“So, yeah, you can do it now.” His sprite looked peaceful, and yet when
I clicked on his name, I still felt like I was responsible for this
thing’s death.

“You know what’s weird?”

The message popped up when I was hovering over his name.

“Jude and Violet.” Penn’s expression contorted a little into confusion.
“Those dreams that I have, they’re in them too. Which is kinda crazy,
right?”

His last message was,“That’s fate. If they’re in all of my past lives
that has to be fate. If we all keep meeting each other—”

I deleted him before he could finish his sentence, and it wasn’t as
climatic as I was expecting. Penn’s sprite disappeared, but his text box
was still wavering on the screen. I could see the effects of his removal
almost instantly, even if it was hard to notice at first.

Maddy’s cell phone was glitching in and out of existence, and I could no
longer click on the town map. I went back to Maddy’s bedroom, and the
Polaroids with his face were gone, while some straying ones had a
glitched-out version of his smile—which freaked me out. I exited tp the
main menu and was ready to stop playing, ready to purge this game from
my mind when I found myself back inside the character folder.

It’s weird. I could almost liken feeling like a god. The remaining names
stood out in front of me. I should have clicked out of the game files,
but something lingering in my gut, entwining its way through me kept me
there. Penn told me he didn’t have a right to delete the others from
existence, but that was just him. 

This sentient thing had spoken like a living, breathing human being
despite being nothing but code tangled together. He said it was torture
to be awake and aware of his never-ending, monotonous existence. Wasn’t
that what it was like for them?

Even if they were not awake, there was a chance they could become aware
at some point—and were destined to the same fate as Penn.

He said he had relived the reset thousands of times.

And I couldn’t put them through that. I had the ability to give these
thing’s mercy. I could send them to eternal sleep.

They wouldn’t know, right?

I was already right-clicking on Jude’s name and scrolling down to
DELETE. That word had meant nothing to me playing games, and yet now it
gave me the ability to grant life or death. I could erase this thing
from existence and it would never even know.

Before I could delete him though, my gaze caught the rest of the files
open on the left of the screen. Penn said he wasn’t able to access them,
but I wondered if I could. I was curious about the building of this
game, and how exactly it had managed to create life inside its
interface. There were three more files available, the others locked.

I tried to get into the locked one, but no luck. So, I turned my
attention to the others. BUILDING, TEXTILES, and NOTES. I clicked into
“building”, which was just screenshots of various parts of the town, and
some character designs. The textiles folder was empty, so I clicked on
Notes.

Inside, there was a folder named, To you, Love 2021.

Clicking into that one, I found myself staring at several text docs in
what appeared to be diary entries.

03/05/2021

I don’t know why they ignore me. Is it something I’ve done wrong? I’ve
tried so many times to talk to them, and they stick their noses up at
me. I’m starting to think maybe this job was a bad idea. It’s my dream,
but they make it so hard to enjoy it. I made a new friend, at least.
He’s a true crime nerd, so at least we have something to talk about. But
he does talk about it in extensive detail. I was like, “Dude, you’re
scaring HER,” and he looked at me kinda funny. Does he like her?

That was the point I wish I stopped digging around these files. I don’t
know why, but I kept going down the list, clicking on each entry.

  03/06/2021.

They stole my ideas today and then laughed in my face. Mom says I should
talk to someone, but WHO do I talk to? This is the real world, I
shouldn’t be getting bullied like in high school! This isn’t fucking
fair. THIS IS MY JOB. WHY ARE THEY RUINING IT?

  03/09/2021.

I took a break to start on the game. We’re calling it Neverwood. My
idea, and they’re the ones getting the fucking glory. At lunch, that
bitch rejected me again. Does she not understand that I SEE her?

There are so many people here and yet I’m the only one who truly SEES
her for who she really is. She’s a fucking slut who’s making her way
through our whole studio. It won’t be long before she goes for HIM. I
know she has a thing for him, but he’s playing hard to get. What is
this, fucking high school? I told him to fuck off today, he can have
her. And his new friend who had dragged him over to the dark side.

  03/15/2021

I was right. I’m supposed to be using this stupid diary for game
progress, but I was RIGHT. They hooked up. That ugly bitch. I never
liked her.

03/18/2021

I love her. I fucking love her, why can’t she see that? Why can’t she
see me? I hate that nobody looks at me and when they do they look at me
like there’s something wrong with me. I can’t help being the smartest
here. I should be the one taking the credit for Neverwood. Not
HIMDJKDFJKDJFKDJFKDJFKSJKDHSFJSDHFJDSHJFHSJHFJHDSJGHDSJHGJASHDJHKASJKFDJKGJDKGJK

  03/20/21.

They’re killing me. I don’t think I can do this anymore. They think
they’re smarter than me. They think they’re BETTER than ME.

03/28/21.

I’m going to try to clear the air with them tonight! 😊 Neverwood has
just met our first deadline and I think we can make this work. I think I
can get her to look at me.   The entries jumped forward, a whole month
later. I don’t know why I clicked on it, on this clear descent into
insanity.

04/15/2021.

Do you know how easy it is to hide a body when you know exactly how to
dismember it? Oh yeah, HE may be the true crime freak, but I’ve had the
last laugh lol. It was easier than I thought! I didn’t freak out or
barf, it felt right, you know? He’s been looking down on me since I
started this job, and now I’m the one making his family suffer. I have
that ability, you know.

That’s what I did when I killed him and his BEST FRIEND, I gave him
life, and then I ended it. Just like that! :D She wasn’t quite as easy.
Because I wanted her before I killed her. And the bitch didn’t even let
me have that. Fuck her. If I get caught for this, I’m never telling
where the bodies are. Because there are none! LOL. They will only exist
where I can control their every move.

Something ice cold slithered down my spine.

Penn’s words came back to me like lightning bolts.

I dream of another life…

Stop reading.

I tried to, but something kept my eyes glued to my laptop screen,
because I was starting to put pieces of this puzzle together, and the
closer I was to coming to that inevitable truth, I could feel my stomach
creeping into the bridge of my throat. The next text note had an image
attached, and once it loaded up, I did throw up. It was hot and sticky
and wet all over my hands and the blankets of my bed, but I was still
staring at my screen, still trying to find a logical reason for why this
image existed and had been carelessly thrown onto the doc like it was
nothing.

Initially, I could just make out the white porcelain of a bathtub. I saw
the splatters straight away, severed limbs piled on top of each other.
These people had no identities. Not anymore. 

This psychopath had taken them away, skinned them of their faces, of who
they were, and left them discarded mounds of flesh.  I could see where
they had been cruelly sliced through for nothing but sickening pleasure.

I glimpsed a limp arm hanging over the bathtub, what looked like an
engagement ring attached to the finger.

The next image was a trash can set on fire, filled with what looked like
the remnants of clothes and bags, and nametags caught just before they
were engulfed in flames, hiding his filthy secret. The third image was
only half visible, and I could already see half of a face. I clicked off
of it before I could scroll down. I refused to look at them.

The last diary entry was at the bottom, and it took me a while to open
it. I found myself ringing the police, and then throwing my phone
against the wall. I didn’t know what to tell them, and when I opened my
mouth, I found myself choking on my own barf. Because what was I
supposed to say?

If that blossoming thought in the back of my mind was right, then I had
killed someone. I had murdered someone.

The final diary entry was as follows, and only solidified my
realization.

06/27/2021.

I went to your funeral today. And as a gift to your parents, I let them
know that you guys will eternally live inside Neverwood. Penn, Violet,
and Jude.

How beautiful is that? After everything you did to me, I actually had
the decency and heart to remember you in some way. I’m such a good
friend, right? Yeah. That’s what I thought.

I’m amazing, and you’re happy to have me as your best friend 😊 I hope
you guys read this, and I know you’re intelligent enough to find this.
So, if you do? Karma’s a bitch! ;) Vi, I’m so happy that I can date you
for real now whenever I want. You’re an amazing girlfriend. Penn and
Jude? We’re actually great friends! I’m so lucky or have you. Who knows,
maybe you’ll be getting some friends soon. I have some old friends who
were a little like you. They didn’t want to look at me either.

This time, I threw my laptop on the floor, slamming my hand over my
mouth. I needed to break it, but what would breaking it do? I fell into
a frenzy, my thoughts dancing, and snatched it back up, placing it back
on my bed as gently as possible, my gut twisting.

It was like I was handling bodies.

I kind of was.

I remember hitting the floor knees first, my head spinning off of its
axis.

I killed someone.

Penn’s words came into my mind, and my stomach heaved again, phantom
bugs skittering up my spine. It’s fate. 

It’s fate that we always find each other, like something is pulling us
together.

It wasn’t…fate.

I had killed the last parts of him holding on.

The remnants entwined inside this psycho game. 

And I almost killed two others.

I was staring at my phone and mentally coercing the words, “murder” in
my mind when a text notification popped up from Eli:

“Did you enjoy the game, Gabs? ;D”
