They have been banging on the front door for what seemed like hours but
must have only been minutes. The wood around the hinges is starting to
split and splinter with the occasional screw falling to the floor like
bronze diamonds. We couldn’t tell if the screeches and creaks were
coming from the wood around the door or from the gaping maws of the
residents trying to get in. Isaac stood by the pile of furniture by the
door being jolted with every push , every slam , every bang. His
trainers would occasionally squeak on the tiles below sliding through
splinters and blood.

“Fuck *ngh* Freddy I don’t think we can hold this shit down much longer
, I don’t wanna die man !” I stared at Isaac hesitant to help while the
events of the last few days rushed through my mind as I thought ‘this is
all my fault’

I’m not going to pretend I’m a good man , In fact some would call me a
pretty evil individual Whilst others would beg and call me their hero.
I’d only started peddling drugs because I had to , not because I wanted
to. I was a primary school teacher in Hackney primarily teaching history
but I was a bit of a jack of all trades. The kids didn’t see me as their
teacher but more of a parental figure , a lot of these kids were
troubled or grew up on the streets. I’d walked in their shoes and I
didn’t want the same for them , I wanted to give them something I never
had - hope and kindness.

As I said , I grew up on the streets abandoned at the age of two then
passed round social services like a hot potato. No one wanted me but I
was a little shit so I hold no ill intent towards those who gave up on
me. I was adopted however at the age of 12 by two wonderful people who I
called “Papa Murph and Mama Dee”. They showed me the kindness and hope I
tried to in-still in these young kids and I could never do enough to pay
them back for it.

We were hit by a truck with some news a couple of months ago. Papa Murph
had been struggling for a while with a cough and pains , the odd bloody
hanky here or the late night retching there to a point where Mama Dee
took him to the Drs with no if buts or maybes - shortly after he was
invited for a biopsy that confirmed our worst fears. Lung cancer.

Shit.

The NHS had offered free chemo to keep him ‘comfortable’ but through
hours of research I discovered a programme in Switzerland that claimed
to eliminate the cancer completely but there was only one snag. The trip
and treatment would cost around £59,000 , and on a teachers salary that
seemed like a near impossibility. So I jacked in my job and starting
dealing to try and scrape together enough money to get Papa Murph the
treatment he needed and then some. I told my folks I was doing some
freelance tutoring and every day before I left I’d get a hug and a
packed lunch before stepping out into a life that they knew nothing
about and I intended to keep it that way.

I sold for a man well known around here and someone I passed a couple of
times in the social systems called bishop. A very imposing character
always wearing black but you could tell was made of money by the golden
grills and balenciagas he wore. He’d give me a brown bag every other
night filled with a powerful opiate known as angel drops and a location
with a list of people but little else. He’d always give me a couple
extra pills ‘for old times sake’ but I just pocketed them to sell for a
bit of extra dough on the side.

A couple nights ago I was given a brown paper bag sealed tight , which
was unusual as I was normally shown the inside. Before Bishop handed it
over however he sighed :

“Listen Freddy , one of your regular drops at Wolford Tower few of your
regulars too ! But , be careful yeah ? Troubles brewing over there but
honestly just stay safe alright.” With that he handed me the package
with a cautious smile and sent me on my way. I do wonder in retrospect
If Bishop knew he was sending me on a suicide mission.

My car rolled up to the imposing behemoth of a tower , detail of the
building fading into a column of yellow squares that dissolved into the
clouds above. Rain smashed down hard onto my windscreen with such
ferocity I was surprised the glass didn’t start to crack. I turned the
engine off with the head lights once partially illuminating the
brickwork ahead faded to darkness and all I could see was the glass
doors ahead of me. I slipped the package under my hoodie whilst flicking
up the hood , car door creaked open and I made a sprint for the glass
doors. Just as I neared they slid open to reveal the dry solace inside
but the tiles in the lobby area were particularly slippy and I careered
into a vending machine. The glass on the front must have already been
cracked as upon impact I was showered with twinkling torrent of tiny
knives , luckily as I was wearing my hoodie I’d only garnered a small
cut on my left cheek but more importantly the package was safe. I lay
there for a moment to catch my breath when a group of young lads in
black tracksuits clambered over me to get the treats within the machine.
Instead of helping me they continued to climb and laugh at me.

“Bloody ell mate you must have been desperate”
“Free snacks on this muppet lads , take as much as you can and run back
to mine”

They were there and gone in mere seconds like a swarm of crows picking
at the remains of a carcass who’s belly lay open and ready for the
taking. I staggered to my feet as the rest of the glass shards crashed
to the pile below , cracking and squeaking as I was lied over it towards
the lift. I had a glance at the list at the first name.

“Isaac Morton-Jones. Floor 23. Door 9. One bag (s)”

I made my way up to floor 23 in the lift as the small metal box I was
trapped in creaked and shuddered surprising me when it reached the
correct floor without error or completely just giving up. I stepped out
into a dank rotten corridor dimly lit with a tube light on the ceiling
that over time had turned an uneasy shade of blue. Mould grew in the
corners creeping up the walls like infected ivy while the pipes rattling
above were wrapped thick with moss. This was not a pleasant place to be
in atall , I had to pull my mask up slightly just to block out the damp
smell that made me gag. I’ve delivered to other floors before which are
by no means pleasant but compared to this floor it felt I had previously
been delivering to the Ritz. My feet below felt sticky as I walked
towards door 9 feeling the rubber of my soles harder to pull away each
step.

‘Knock knock knock’

The door creaked slightly open to reveal a blonde sheepish figure
wearing a bucket hat and a dressing gown with a beard at chest level
attempt to communicate with me but seemed half asleep.

“Hi mate your the … ahhh the bloke aren’t you , you got the stuff right
?”

“Er yeah it’s right here , there you go”

I handed over the bag of brightly coloured pils as he inspected it with
a smile.

“Ohhhh yeah , good good Excellent! I don’t touch the stuff but my mates
can’t get enough of it , I prefer nothing more than the good ol Devils
Lettuce … hey you don’t know any first aid do you ?”

Isaac (or so I presumed) asked cautiously as he looked around my
shoulders for anyone else. The sensible thought in my mind was ‘say no ,
walk away , you haven’t got time for this’ but my kinder soul kicked
into gear , remembering the amount of first aid training I did before
becoming a teacher so I said yes and he hurried me in. We first walked
into the living room over stained dirty laminate with the smell of
something sickly and sweet lingering in my nostrils.

“Sooo welcome to my humble abode , you got myself Isaac , lanky Pete
over there on the bean bag , Rex over there and this here is the apple
of my eye the lovely Linda”Isaac half glided over to a woman completely
out of it on a leather sofa just Infront of me as he planted a kiss on
her cheek. The other two men half heartedly looked up and nodded but
appeared to be zombified , Christ … was this what the Angel drops were
doing to people ? I raised my hand back nodding in return telling them
my name was Freddy but at the same time Isaac was making his way down
the hall on the right. He gestured that I followed him towards a door at
the end of the corridor.

“Just through there sat in the chair facing the window , he said he felt
really sick and needed some air or to ground himself by looking at the
world around him , I don’t know mate I’ll leave you to it and grab you a
beer”

I stepped through the door and the first thing that hit me was the
smell. Sweet rot like roadkill on a summers day was so pungent my mask
came straight back up. Sure enough there was a bloke sat in the chair
facing the window but he slumped forward slightly forward almost could
be mistaken for being asleep. I approached him slowly and pulled some
force on his shoulder to lean him back but the regret set in almost
instantly. A pale grey face snapped back staring at the ceiling with
milky eyes and mouth that creaked open revealing a fleshy tunnel of rot.
I stumbled back and made my way out the door slamming it closed behind
me. What on earth was I supposed to do ? Call the police and explain I
found a body whilst delivering drugs ? Absolutely not ! Before I could
think about it any longer Isaac came back grinning whilst holding a beat
up can of Stella in his hand.

“Alright Freddy lad ? Look like you seen a ghost or something! Grant
give you a scare or something?”

“Issac… how long has your mate been in there for ?”

“Erm.. no more than a couple hours or so why ?”

Instead of dignifying him with an answer I instead opened the door and
signalled him to go inside for himself and shut the door behind him. It
didn’t take too long for him to start shouting profanity’s as panic
began to sink in his skin like a needle. He came back out of the door
slightly more composed and a bit red in the face.

“It would seem we have a bit of a problem on our hands Freddy if you..”

Isaac was suddenly interrupted by something that rocked the building.
Below us we could here the rattle of metal slamming down floor by floor.

Rata ta a tat a tat a tat , each welcoming a slam that shook the
building. Eventually the sound and shakes dispersed as it rattled on
down. Myself and Isaac shared a glance while we looked around the flat
for any clues of what might of happened With our efforts coming up with
sweet nothing while we tiptoed around the others still unmoved. I made
my way to the balcony and looked down seeing something quite peculiar.
It had seemed that every floor (or from what I could tell considering
the darkness) from the 22nd floor down had metal shutters enclosing
their balcony’s , strange I thought , Isaac came to join me looking down
into the darkness at the strange occurrence.

“Some kind of lockdown or something maybe ?” I asked him as he leaned
over viewing the others balconies now closed off to the world.

“Maybe … shit what if this is about the body ? What if it was in the air
vents or there’s a secret camera or or or…” he went back in running his
fingers against the walls trying to find any evidence of surveillance.
Suddenly we heard a speaker crackle from what sounded like the hallway
so myself and Isaac rushed over to inspect.

“*static* attention residents of Wolford tower , we do hope your well
and we apologise for any inconveniences. However we are aware of a
substance that is causing some unforeseen effects has been found in this
building so for the time being the building will remain on lockdown. For
your own safety please stay in your homes , lock your doors , and stay
safe. Good luck *static*”

I opened the door to see darkness , the window at the end of the
corridor just emitting a small glow from the streets below but little
more , the rest of the corridor was intermittently lit by a strobing red
light. I backed away and closed the door slowly , wether I liked it or
not It seemed I was going to be here atleast until tomorrow. I turned to
talk to Isaac but when I didn’t find him originally I discovered that
he’d passed out pissed on the kitchen floor hugging a bottle of
lambrini. The only room in the house that seemed somewhat liveable was
the spare room that had nothing more than a mattress and a small row of
windows that covered the top quarter of the far wall. I lay down , text
my folks I was crashing at a hotel and closed my eyes to get some rest.

My sleep would be interrupted in the morning though by a racket next
door. My eyes shot open not expecting the sun to be glaring into the
room so for a short moment I was blinded. In my blindness I stumbled to
my feet dusting myself as I walked towards the door but as my hand
touched the doorknob I heard a croaky strained voice that sounded pissed
off rattle violently through the flat .

“Isaac , the Angel drops *crack , squelch* where’s the god damn drops ?”

I creaked open the door to see Issac staring up towards the ceiling at
something. I exited the room to investigate and to my horror it was
Linda. She must of grown atleast a foot taller crouched on the back of
the sofa with her back arched in such a peculiar way. Through the back
of her t shirt you could see her ribs begin to protrude in her poor
posture like waves rippling within her t shirt. She scratched at herself
vigorously like a child with chicken pox but instead of small red
blisters she scratched away at yellow blisters that came away like warm
butter slapping onto the floor below.

“Linda my darling , you know I don’t have the drops , I gave them to Rex
! Ask him ! He’s in the loo.” Isaacs teeth rattled together in fear as
he sentenced Rex to a death sentence watching Linda crawl through
cracked bones and torn skin along the floor. Isaac shot me a look making
his way out of Linda’s path instead jumping towards the window. I joined
him as he rummaged through his pockets but when he caught wind of me
pushed me to the floor.

“These aren’t Angel drops you dick ! They are just mints dipped in food
dye ? What are you playing at man , what’s happened to Linda?”

“Isaac I can assure you I had no idea they were mints ! But , mints
wouldn’t do this to a person how did she turn out like this ?! What
happened ?!”

“I have no idea , she woke up in a bit of a daze and asked for some
drops , I was about to hand some out but noticed they were just mints ,
when I told her she flipped out and attacked lanky Pete , I think he’s
dead but … I don’t know man ! She started scratching at herself and
throwing herself against walls till she looked like , well what you just
saw !”

I clambered back to my feet and before I could continue the conversation
Linda re appeared caked in blood and ooze.

“*ngh* Pete , didn’t , ARRGH, have the Drops” she spotted the bag in
Isaac’s hands and from the spot she launched at him with speed. I
tackled him to the ground as she flew over our heads shattering the
glass window out over the balcony. We looked over our shoulders and just
for a moment she hung in the air , clambering onto the bag of mints.
Suspended for a moment just like an angel before plummeting to the
floor. We did not hear nor see the impact , Infact it took us a moment
to muddle over to the balcony and peek over. When we found the
confidence to do so all we saw were multiple black SUVs and a white tent
surrounded by people In yellow suits.

It was afternoon before Isaac or myself said anything and all Isaac
could muster was “whisky ?” I replied with a sigh and a nod so Isaac
jumped up and fetched a bottle of Jack Daniel’s but also brought over
some custard creams as a bit of sustenance. We drank and ate biscuits
until the sky turned a lighter shade of purple bleeding into the light
blue sky that had covered us most of the day listening to the screeches
of the chaos below . No sign of the lockdown ending anytime soon and my
phone as dead as the bodies littering the flat I made a bold decision.

“Tomorrow we need to find sustenance and preferably a charger so I can
text my folks , we arm up , head out there and ransack the flats on this
list hoping they have torn each-other apart already.”

“Freddy with all due respect , are you fucking mental ? We step one foot
out there and we are done… we could just rob people who perhaps haven’t
taken anything ?”

I looked at him with a frown as a flicker of empathy danced across him
mind leading him to say no and sit back down. I started to look around
trying to find any weaponry or protection I could use before Isaac
blurted out a genuinely good idea.

“We ask Jason for help ! He opened a little shop in the block about 5
floors down selling all sorts of crap on the cheap to help some of the
struggling families. He brought 4 flats down there , smashed some walls
down and now it’s like our own little corner shop , he’s mad as a box of
frogs but he’d definitely help , owes me a favour”

We concluded that we waited till morning so the hallways were lit with
sunlight rather than the red strobes , we arm up and protect ourselves
worse comes to worse. That night we shared the rest of the whisky
sharing stories of our past life experiences, turns out we aren’t so
different. He was born in Essex before being abandoned at a young age so
was shipped off to a foster home in Enfield but was not so lucky because
instead of finding folks he was spat out into supported living ,
dwelling here ever since. He loves to read , write , create art but his
crippling anxiety can only be suppressed by cheap weed and broken bongs.
When he’s high he feels happy but feels he can’t do the things he loves.
Tragic really.

The next morning I awoke to Isaac standing over me with two objects in
his hands.

“Oi Freddy , you prefer a cricket bat or a machete ? I mean there’s some
kitchen knives over there but they’re blunt as anything. OH wait I think
I’ve got some brass knuckles somewhere”

He skipped back into his bedroom sure enough returning with some brass
knuckles smiling like he was a child presenting his parent with a
drawing he did at school. With a cricket bat in hand , large rucksacks
on our back and a fair bit still drunk from last night we ventured out
into the hallway. The sunlight did provide a bit of visibility but not
enough to light out the flashing red beams turning the hallway into a
disco. The hallway seemed clear but weirdly quiet , no noise came from
the other doors and for now we didn’t intend to disturb them , if they
were safe and not stupid enough to venture out that was their choice
that we wouldn’t want to jeopardise for our own selfish gains. We
decided to take the stairwell rather than the lift thinking the lift
would cause way too much noise attracting unwanted attention. Luckily at
the top of the stairwell was a fire rescue pack next to the fire
extinguishers that contained a first aid kit , two torches , pamphlet ,
fire blanket and a small glass hammer. The torches were a welcome
addition to our loadout as we wouldn’t have to navigate the stairwell
blind to danger. We descended down the 5 flights of stairs it took to
get to Jason’s floor opened the door to a noticeably nicer floor with
less doors on the one side but instead had its own glass double doors
with a sign above it buzzing in a pink neon glow that read “Jas’ Space
of the just in case”

Fantastic , we made a b line for the shop not noticing what we had just
stepped on. Below something felt crinkled and sticky like walking on a
plastic wrapped honey sandwich. We aimed our torches down and the sight
was less sweet , but sickeningly sour. On the floor lay a handful of
black tracksuits in a red sticky puddle with their pockets stuffed with
candy and snacks. I gagged whilst I carefully stepped off the bloody
pile realising In some sick irony that they may have trampled over me
but I’d just don’t the same in return. Isaac made his way to the pile to
pick at the sweets in their pockets but I slapped his hand away glaring
daggers at him , instead we both made our way into Jas’ shop.

The shop itself was brightly lit with ice white tube lights , white
tiled floors with shelves kissing the ceiling above. Isaac wasn’t
exaggerating, this was a whole corner shop inside of the space for 4
flats. I didn’t hesitate, I started filling my bag with bottles of water
, crisps , protein bars , energy drinks , to be fair if it fit it was
going straight into my bag no questions. Medical supplies were also in
abundance which was a surprise as I thought more folks that just myself
and Isaac would of thought about getting supplies. I’d just about filled
my bag when I went to find Isaac however it didn’t take me long to find
him by the fridges stocking his bag full of tins of beer accompanying a
selection of spirits too. I checked over towards the counter with no
sign of Jason so I asked Isaac if we should just leg it.

“Nahh old bastards probably just out the back having a piss or watching
his shows I’ll shout for him now”

Issac called for Jason with no reply. We wandered towards the counter
picking bits and bobs up of the shelves as we did throwing in anything
from packs of cigarettes to a loaf of bread.

“Jas ? Where you at man , you stuck in the vent again I swear to god ..”

“Ahh Isaac let an old man sleep for god sake , every day you come here
’Jas I need more Tobacco , Jas I need more whisky , yapper yapper yapper
give me a bloody break man ! I’m exhausted and feel like crap”

The beaded curtain at the back of the shop rattled open revealing a
little old man , a short south Asian Hagrid looking chap scratching his
head and letting out a big yawn. As he scratched his head however we
noticed a couple yellowing blisters atop his head no bigger than your
average pimple but looked so similar to Linda’s So we backed away from
the counter cautiously.

“Christ Jas … you haven’t had any of those Angel drops have you …” asked
Isaac through gritted teeth.

“God son who do you take me for ? I’m not Pablo Escobar I wouldn’t touch
the stuff , I admit hand on heart I mistook one of my sons bags for a
bag of mints , but no ! I was tripping off my head for hours ! Never
again ! My sons a troubled boy , loads and loads of the stuff but BAHHH
he is … not well.”

We exchanged a look that lingered a moment too long for Jason to ask us
if we would check on his son in return our bags would be free of charge
so we obliged thinking it couldn’t be worse than Linda plus this time we
were more than prepared. We walked out the shop turning into a quiet
shuffle as we arrived at the flat. We couldn’t hear much bar the odd
groan and shuffle but nothing could prepare us for what we witnessed
inside. The door creaked open revealing a figure stood down the corridor
in the living room facing away from us. It detected that we were there
as it turned to face us what we saw was far removed from anything human.
A dark skull devoid of hair draped effortlessly with shreds of skin and
muscle that kept the jaw attached aswell as the eyes and tongue. An
exposed spine connected the skull and legs with the lower half seeming
intact but the torso had completely gone leaving just the spine
decorated with a couple organs hanging on for dear life with detached
muscle. But the ribs , they were contorted to be completely straightened
and outstretched like wings interlinked with yellowed blistered skin.
Two spiked appendages came from where shoulders used to sit dug into the
floor below creaking as it turned towards us.The 9 foot behemoth at the
end of the corridor had finally fully locked its eyes in our direction
letting out a low bone rattling groan then charges straight in our
direction. We slammed the door to no avail as we were hurled through the
air once the door had been smashed off its hinges into the window of
Jas’ shop.

Id landed hard on the tiled floor with my leg being torn apart by
shelving unit I’d landed on. Isaac tumbled into the freezer section
knocking himself out cold on the box freezer with a sickening thud
followed by the cracking of glass. Jas’ son stomped out the room using
its spiked appendages to drag itself through the window and leaned over
me. I could feel what was left ofthe warm buttery skin falling onto my
face as the skull moved ever closer to me. Through its rattled wheeze I
could vaguely hear a coherent sentence.

“Help … me. I need *wheeze* the drops , help me please”

For a brief moment in the grey sludge bubbles resting In his sockets it
once called eyes I could see a shimmer of desperation and struggle. This
fleeting moment did not last long though as I saw a can of Heinz soup
bounce of its head , it quickly whipped round too see where it had come
from but I saw who through it. Jas stood there from the end of the isle
with another can in hand.

“Oi Son , your a sick sick boy ! I knew something would happen but not
this , you brought me and your mum nothing but pain but what the fuck
did we ever do to you ?”

In that moment Jas’ son stampeded towards Jas driving each of those bone
spikes through his stomach. Jas was lifted up into the air hovering for
a brief moment till quick as a bullet Jas was separated in half leaving
a waterfall of gore to shoot town the middle of the isle towards my
feet. He was then carried into the back through the beads which was
followed by cracks and squelches. I took this opportunity to grab our
bags , grab Issac who was just coming round and make a run up the
stairs.

We thundered back up the stairs till we could feel the whole staircase
rumble. Frozen for a moment we switched our torches on and peered into
the depths to see what we could see. Darkness for about 8 floors but
faintly below we could see an enormous amalgamation that was taking up a
large section of available visibility. A glob of bone , yellow pustules
and muscle was moving and wriggling before our very eyes. It moves
slowly but almost seemed like a trick of the eye. It would groan as it
moved with sickening sounds.

Squish. Crunch. Squelch.

We didn’t stay long enough to find out and ran back up. We had reached
the 22nd floor and noticed that instead of a staircase there was a gap
leading to nothingness. Issac instantly stepped into gear mentioning a
‘vent’ running from flat 9 on this floor that lead right into his. He’d
explained that the vent was a facade for friends he had downstairs who
use the vent to transport weed to each-other if they were feeling lazy.
However he did say it was wide enough for a person to fit inside so we’d
be right as rain climbing up and the people who owned the flat were such
a great couple. He’d known Paddy and Charleen for years not too long
before he’d moved in here filling me in on all the positive memories
he’d made with them as we carefully traversed the corridors blood spills
and clutter. He’d described them as being like older siblings to him
when he moved in having no one of his own but had grown more distant in
recent years due to the loss of their kid a couple years ago , they had
tried to drown their demons with an ocean of booze but it was still a
puddle in comparison to the size of the demon.

Their door was a stark demonstration of the grief they carried , tiny
hand prints covered the lower half of their door with different shades
of paint. Isaac sighed gently knocking the door to no response from a
human but the door accepted the knocks and opened gently. The flat was
pitch black yet untouched which by tonight’s events could only be a
positive sign. Tip toeing gently through making sure not to disturb what
or whoever could still be here our torches shone of small hand made
ornaments covered in thick layers of dust , family portraits merged with
grime and a small urn on the end of the mantel flashed its golden lining
like we were following the North Star back up to safety.

“Paddy ? Charleen ? It’s Isaac , your mate from upstairs ? I know it’s
been a minute guys but we wanted to check you were okay after all this
nonsense happening”

Silence fell apart from the occasional rattle from a wine or scotch
bottle we had inadvertently kicked.

“Shit they must not be here , any idea where the vent is Isaac ? I’m
sure they won’t mind us using it , hell if they are hiding somewhere we
could even ask them to join us , strength in numbers n all that.”

“I guess so , no where was itttttt … aha master bedroom cmon it’s this
way , watch your step though Freddy more bottled up the hall”

We reached the master bedroom trying to open the door as quiet as we
could but a small pile of glass bottles behind the door rattled as they
crashed over each-other. Isaac shone the light straight at the vent not
before we caught a glimpse of a green flash sat on the bed , the torch
flipped back to see a woman sat legs crossed on the bed staring at the
wall.

“Bloody Ell Charleen what you doing sat in the dark ? Didn’t realise you
both were here !”

“Not both , just I” she replied , she said through sighed breath.

“I ? What do you mean I ? Where’s Paddy ?”

She looked down into her lap , draped across her legs and over each side
of the bed was a frail 9ft winged skeleton completely devoid of any skin
or muscle. Just dirty bone that looked frail enough to snap. Her eyes
began to well with tears sniffing gently.

“I … I told him the drink was bad enough but he got hooked on those damn
Angel drops. One swig one drop .. one swig one drop , swig drop swig
drop SWIG FUCKING DROP” she pounded her arms onto Paddy’s skeleton
causing the structure to snap splintering into her hands.

“ And now … I’m all alone. Everyone’s left me yet I’m still here picking
up piece after piece. I’m so tired.”

“Why don’t you come with us ? Don’t suffer alone , come on up and we can
keep an eye out for you while this all blows over. It’s not going to fix
things but you must have family out in the world right ? Cmon” I asked
Charleen , she looked up into my eyes , bright green had now turned into
murky bogs devoid of life , she started to mutter “swig drop swig drop”
as she collected what broken bones we still in her lap , lay down and
the covers over her head. I went to uncover her but Isaac’s had reached
out to grab mine , I looked at him and he just shook his head side to
side then gestured towards the vent.

We reached the top of the vent tumbling into the bedroom where grant
still sat with his head tilted back in the chair looking like he was mid
sneeze. We thought better than to settle in that room so took advantage
of the spare room I was sleeping in moving all the dining furniture and
sofa Cushions in there to lay out a bit of a banquet for ourselves. We
ate and drank ourselves to pass out where we sat with our belly’s full
and smiles on our face after we shared stories and laughs. I told him
about Papa Murphy and why I was doing what I was doing and he
sympathised with me admitting he’d do the same. He’d nodded off first
after telling me a story about his childhood about when he found a
strange purple gemstone near the river where he was from and he’d always
wished to go back - unfortunately he’d passed out about half way through
so I’ll never know what the point of the story was but maybe one day
he’ll tell me.

Our sleep was rudely disturbed by the speakers outside going off once
more.

“Good morning residents of Wolford tower. We are sorry for any
inconveniences caused over the last couple of days and we do hope you
have remained safe. Whe have identified some residents in the building
have been infected with a now identified substance which is causing some
adverse side effects. Due to this the building has been deemed unfit for
purpose and will be cordoned off and demolished. Please stay in your
homes and our team will evacuate you all before demolition begins.”

A smile grew on each of our faces as we jumped for joy , hugging for a
brief moment then continuing to celebrate.

“Thank fuck for that , listen Isaac if you ain’t got a place to crash
after this I’m sure you can crash with Papa Murphy and Mama Dee , your a
good lad and they would love the extra company”

“You know what , I’d like that , I…” Isaac was cut off instantly by
faint choir of thudding and screams. We rushed to the balcony and saw
some people exit with some of the men with yellow suits but no where
near enough people as those who lived here. The screams and thudding
became louder and louder so we rushed out the door and to the stairwell
to either identify what was making the noise or try and signal for
salvation. We shone our torches down the staircase and what we saw was
neither of those preconceived ideas but the amalgamation wriggling
further up the staircase , more and more skeletons of all stages of
decomposition joining the pile and climbing upwards.

“Fuck , back to the flat!” I dragged Isaac back over into his house and
slammed the door. We piled the door with furniture , bodies and whatever
else we could find in preparation. The thuds became clearer when we
realised that they were gunshots , but in their panic the things in the
stairwell had nowhere else to go - a torrent of bullets or up to the
heavens. Hopefully the people in the yellow suits would reach the the
angels before they reached us but our optimism was quickly crushed. The
first knock was frail but the fragility did not last long as it was
joined with more and more knocks more ferocious than the last. Groans
and wheezes of “help” or “Just one drop , please” could be heard the
other side of the door. The furniture decided to shift and Isaac jumped
infront of it which stopped the shift slightly before the power came to
much to handle and the slow shift began again.

“Fuck *ngh* Freddy I don’t think we can hold this shit down much longer
, I don’t wanna die man !

I jumped to action too holding my body weight against the door but I too
could feel my shoes budge Millimetre by millimetre. The rain of bullets
became even louder , surely they must be one or two floors below us by
now , please hurry up. Isaac looked at me with sweat dripping down from
his head asking me if we were going to be okay.

“*ngh* of course we are mate don’t be daft , just hang on a little
longer , pints on me after this”

“Sounds a plan Freddy *ngh* your a good guy you know that ? Thank you
for…”

The sweat dripping down his forehead turned a dark maroon , eyes rolled
back into his head and I could feel the spray of blood delicately splash
my cheek. The defences had failed as one of the bone spikes protruded
the top of our debris landing a fatal blow into the back of his skull .
Isaac let out a last defining gasp despite the fact it was that quick
his pained smile didn’t falter as his knees buckled and plummeted to the
floor. Time briefly stood still as he hit the floor , blood gently
spattering over my shoes. I felt tears start to well up in my eyes for a
person I had only known a couple days but shared stories with enough
substance to fill a library. In that moment I could feel the doors
hinges completely give way so I made a run for the bedroom and dove into
the vent. Through the cracks I could see a swarm of angels enter the
room for only a brief moment when the room started to light up with
bloody fireworks cracking and ricocheting off the vents. I could see
Isaac lying on the floor staring at me from afar with any once of hope
and safety being literally stomped out by the boots of an army of
yellow.

The dust settled and the angels had fallen. I clambered out the vent to
collect Isaac as I wasn’t about to let him get forgotten in the hellfire
when this place tumbled to the ground. I could feel my blood boil as I
thought ‘why couldn’t these pricks have arrived any earlier’. My
irrational brain switched into overdrive booting open the vent gate and
spilling out into the floor. I didn’t make it far till I was met with a
row of guns pointed at my head. I threw my hands up in panic shaking ,
this was it , end of the road.

“Lower your guns men” a voice from behind commanded the squadron. A man
stepped through the crowd of yellow in a white Hazmat suit and goggles.

“Jesus Christ Freddy , I thought you’d be dead ?” Bishop said almost
bewildered my presence.

“Bishop , what the hell is all this ? What’s a drug dealer doing going
round with all this bollocks ?”

“No Freddy , I’m not a drug dealer but a scientist. I’m sorry your here
, you didn’t take any of those angel drops did you ?”

“No ? What is it , what the fuck have you been making me give these
people, why them ?”

“It’s the research process of a much much bigger picture. We needed a
demographic of people that … to be honest were strains on society’s
recourses”

“They are still people with their own lives , their own struggles ,
families bishop , wiped forever ! The fuck kind of sick research is this
anyway ?”

“ Withdrawal , addiction , pain , we wanted to see how the human brain
ticks , why people get addicted the way they do and how the withdrawal
process performs compared to the amount taken - we believe we can help
that process to stop the drain on recourse.”

Before I could answer I was interrupted.

“Freddy I’m going to be frank with you , I can’t tell you what happened
here , or really what we do. You understand right ? We don’t want anyone
out of these towers finding out what’s happened here so , name price !
Forget everything that happened here , get out of Hackney , England
whatever , just name a number.

5 towers were demolished that day. All those families , people , lives
demolished with it. I’m not reminded of that tower these days , there
aren’t any towers like it here in this part of Switzerland.

Papas was given the all clear on his cancer diagnosis following a bit of
an uphill battle with the treatment. His was touch and go for a while
but to see him today you would think he was a new man. Him and Mama live
just down the road in a beautiful chalet by the river , which is idea as
they both love to paddle-board and fish which has been ideal for them.
We have dinner there at least twice a week and if anything it’s brought
us closer together. I love it here , I’ve got money , family and
somewhere I can build my own little family. A short while ago I’ met a
beautiful woman Sofia at work. An absolute gem of an individual who is
absolutely perfect for me. She’s the type of woman who will snuggle up
and game with you but challenge you to a drinking contest then calls you
a pussy when she easily out drinks you. She moved in about a month ago ,
we are expecting our first born sometime in the winter, a little boy ,
we’ve settled on the name Isaac. Life couldn’t be more perfect.

I may have met the angles , but this is as close to heaven as I’ve ever
been.
