I noticed the 10th ant enter my dorm room for the day.

“Where are these ants coming from?” I thought.

I texted my friend, James, asking about these ants.

Me: Hey do you know where these ants are coming from? Are you getting
any too?

James: No, I haven’t, and I have no clue. That is strange, are you sure
there’s no food lying around in your room?

Me: I’ve checked and, no.

James: Well if those ants persist, let me know and I’ll try to help you.

Me: Thanks bro

James: Np

The next day was seemingly normal, other than having 16 ants come in my
room. I went to class, and went over to James’ room. James’ room looked
like that of a hardcore gamer. 2 huge HD monitors side by side to play
online games as well as watch TV. James was also a big nerd. He was into
all kinds of animals. He had books of animals from A-Z. He would spend
hours reading facts about animals daily. Occasionally he would bring up
random facts about a specific animal in an unrelated conversation. It
was impressive how much he knew.

The next day the ant situation got worse, as I saw about 30 ants enter
my room. Not all at once but over the course of the day some would enter
and I would have to kill them.

Me: Hey bro, now 30 ants have entered today 😭.

James: Fr that’s crazy 😭

James: Well tomorrow I’ll talk to the RA and we can go from there, deal?

Me: Deal. Also, it’s getting late and I should go to bed.

James: Okay, goodnight John.

Me: Goodnight

The next day was absolutely miserable, as the ants would not fucking
stop.

23, 44, 78, 91, oh my god, 100, 135, 175, 200, 250, 400, 500!, 600, 610.

The weird thing about the 610th ant was that it came in at around 5PM
but it was the final one. They just suddenly stopped coming in.

I was curious how many total ants came in and I did the math. 10 + 16 +
30 + 610 = 666. Even though I’m not religious my mouth went agape. At
that very moment, I heard James laugh in his dorm room, across from
mine. I thought that was a bit unsettling but brushed it off as a strong
coincidence, since I rarely hear his laugh.

After getting dressed the very next day, I went to James’ room. He
looked sleep deprived. I didn’t tell him about the 666 ants.

Me: “Bro I had over 600 ants yesterday, no joke.”

James: “Alright John, lemme go find the RA.”

James left the room to find the RA. I noticed a YouTube video on his
computer about dinosaurs but I admittedly clicked off to his desktop
screen with all his folders. The computer felt very slow, like stuff was
running on it. I saw a bunch of animal ones: dogs, cats, turtles,
whales, sharks, stingray, foxes, etc. and I noticed one called ants. I
didn’t think much before I clicked on it. I wish I hadn’t.

What I saw made my heart drop. It said there was 666 live streams going
on, each one titled “Ant x” with x being a number up to 666. I clicked
on “Ant 1” and wanted to cry, scream, and throw up. I saw the camera as
if it was from an ant’s eyes, in my dorm room. I saw this and walking
around on my desk.

As if that wasn’t creepy enough, I noticed James had his diary on his
desk. I opened where he had it bookmarked and it read:

5-3-2024

Oh man, there’s nothing more I love in this world than spying on my
“friend” John. These ants are great for doing that. They craw all over
him in his sleep, in his mouth, eyes, everywhere, and I can watch 666
different cameras. It’s beautiful. Keep your friends close but your
enemies closer.
