  !CW: Mentions of Self Harm!<

Hello anthropology community. I’m wondering if it’s possible that there
is an uncontacted tribe in the mountains of Vermont. It’s the only
plausible explanation for what’s been going on lately.

It started back in November. There was a death in the family of my
lifelong friend Toby. His uncle drove to a cemetery one night, reclined
the front seat all the way back, and painted the roof of his car with
his brains and a shotgun. In his will, which he had updated only two
months prior. He left Toby his Vermont mansion. Toby had apparently only
visited the place once in his childhood, and he had only met this uncle
a handful of times. However, he isn’t one to turn down anything that’s
free, so he packed his bags and moved out of his parents home into that
mansion the day after Thanksgiving. 

He said in hindsight it was weird from the get-go. He once heard a
scream in the night in the dead of winter. He reported it to the police,
and they said it was probably just mountain lions. They however assured
him that it would be fully investigated. Nothing ever came of that.

Someone threw a bicycle in his trash bin. It was New Years Day so he
assumed it was just some drunk he stole it and threw it in there or
something. He filed a police report about that one too. Nothing ever
came of that either. They even offered the bizarre theory that it was
raccoons who put it in there.

Then came spring. He started opening the windows during the day. He said
that a few times he heard what sounded like a group of people cheering
in the distance coming from the woods. Now, this mansion was very
secluded. The nearest house was a half mile away, the next closest house
was a quarter mile further. On top of that, he emphasized that the
cheering was coming from the direction of the woods. 

Then came the summer time. It got hot in the house. Toby would leave the
windows open at night. One night he woke up at 2 AM to take a leak. He’s
pissing next to the open window. As soon as he finishes his pee, in the
moment of silence before the flush, he notices something odd. He can
hear what sounds like chanting in the distance, coming from the woods. 

He started doing research on local indigenous groups. He turned up no
logical explanation. He reports it to the police. They don’t take him
seriously. A week later he hears it again. This time he records a short
clip on his phone. He takes it to the police and they tell him it
‘sounds like windchimes.’

I don’t believe in the paranormal, and for most of his story I rolled my
eyes and worried he was crazy. But when he took out his phone and played
that recording, all my hairs stood on end. I wasn’t sure what I heard,
but I do scare easily. It really freaked me out.

It sounded like at least a dozen people, but maybe way more. They were
shouting out things in total gibberish. It didn’t sound like any
language I’d ever heard. For three beats of a drum they would shout
things in low, gravely voices. For the next three beats of the drum
they’d sing in high pitch falsettos. He had recorded about a minute
straight of this, but he said it seemed to go on for over two hours
which he spent on his bathroom floor, just listening.

Toby told this whole story to our other friend Clyde and I over
breakfast at Martha’s, a local diner. “So?” Toby asked, “What do you
guys think it is?”

I could see his exhaustion on his face. I’d never seen him looking so
disheveled. He had been losing sleep, but what does one even say in this
situation? I didn’t know what the hell it was either. Despite how freaky
the recording was, part of me still thought he was going crazy. It
definitely wasn’t windchimes. It could be some kind of dumb joke, but
I’d expect that more out of Clyde than Toby. This wasn’t like Toby at
all.

“We’re here for you, Toby.” I said, pushing around the eggs on my plate.

“I wanna hear it with my own ears, can I sleepover sometime?” asked
Clyde.

I was shocked. I thought for sure Clyde would think Toby was crazy. I’m
also shocked he wasn’t scared. What was uttered next sent a chill down
my spine.

“Yeah, yeah absolutely. You too James. You should both come sleepover
sometime, it could be fun, and it’d definitely help me sleep a little
better.” Toby replied. Shit. What kind of friend would I be to say no?

“Sure. I’ll be there, pick a day.” Clyde said, then they both turned
their attention to me.

“Count me in fellas.” I feigned a smile to accompany my words. 

Before I knew it the plans were set in stone. On the following Friday
night the three of us would spend the night in that mansion in the woods
and stay up to listen for the chanting. Maybe we wouldn’t hear it at
all. That’s what I’d hoped. It was Sunday then, I had five days to
mentally prepare myself. Those five days came and went so fast. 

Before I knew it we had landed on Friday. By then I had wisened up
again. I’m not one to believe in ghost stories. I’m not one that
believes in monsters. I’m not one to believe in cryptids or conspiracies
or government cover-ups. There had to be a rational explanation for it.
I packed a bag for the night and got in my car with confidence.

I stopped at a gas station for supplies. Two energy drinks, a jumbo
honeybun for later, and three of the nastiest gas station hotdogs I had
ever seen, all three of which never made it out of the parking lot
before being lathered with ketchup and devoured. 

It was my first time visiting Toby’s new place. I was relieved to learn
that it was only about a 10 minute drive from the nearest small town, it
wasn’t completely out of the way of civilization. I stared at the house
for a moment before double checking the address on my phone. As I was
scrolling back through text messages a car horn scared me half to death.
My head shot up to the rearview mirror. Clyde had pulled in just behind
me and was staring at me with a shit eating grin on his face. I was
definitely at the right address. Or we were both at the wrong one.

I got out of my car as Clyde got out of his. “Did I get ya?” he asked.

“I mean, you definitely started me.” I replied, defeated as the two of
us walked up to the house.

“So I got you?” he asked back, putting a ham firmly on my shoulder for a
moment before knocking on the door.

“Sure.”

Soon the door opened to Toby. “What’s up, did you guys come together?”
he asked.

“Nah, we just showed up at the same time. Spooky.” Clyde said with that
same shit eating grin

Toby welcomed us in and showed us around a bit. We’d be spending the
night in the large living room on the first floor with the windows open.
We’d be staying up as late as we could to try and hear the chanting. I
sat on the couch and cracked open one of my energy drinks. 

We ate some popcorn and watched a few scary movies. Now, we aren’t
teenagers anymore, the last time any of us pulled an all-nighter was
years behind us by this point in our lives. All of us had woken up early
that day for work at our respective jobs. Just past 11 it started to
sink in that we were not gonna make it to 4 AM, we weren’t even gonna
make it to 2. We decided to call it a  night just after midnight. 

Clyde and I played rock paper scissors to see who got the first floor
guest room and who got the second floor guest room. I lost and Toby
showed me to my room. It was small but the bed looked comfy. There were
no windows in the room. If I had to guess I would say it was a room
meant for a washer and dryer that had been converted to a guest room.
The fact that this was one of only three bedrooms in this house says a
lot about how Toby’s uncle must’ve lived. 

It had one little perk though, it had its own bathroom. It had a small
shower, toiled. And sink. There was also a window out to the woods. It
was open, the window screen had been patched up with duct tape in a
handful of places. Toby told me I should leave it open so it doesn’t get
stuffy in the room so I obliged.

The second my head hit the pillow I was out like a light. Next thing I
knew I woke up in the middle of the night. I peeked at my phone, 3:16
AM. The gas station hot dogs had run their course, I had to go to the
bathroom. 

I got up and went into the private bathroom, flicking the light on. My
eyes shot to the window. A nauseating chill went down my spine.
Someone’s face was pressed against the window screen. It was just their
nose and above that made it above the windowsill. It was a pale old man.
He had a few greasy strands of gray hair but was otherwise bald. The
whites of his eyes were almost completely yellow.

We made eye contact for a few long silent seconds before he crouched
down below the window, out of sight. I stood there another few seconds
completely frozen, trying to decide what to do. I wish I could say I did
something better, but I just screamed. I screamed at the top of my
lungs. 

I instantly heard clambering from upstairs. I had awoken Clyde and Toby.
“James? Are you okay?” Toby yelled down.

“C-call the police!” I stuttered. “There’s someone outside the house!” I
ran out of the bathroom and into the mail hall. I watched as those two
descended the stairway.

“What happened?” asked Clyde.

“I woke up to go to the bathroom.” I said with a gulp. Someone was
peeking into the window, right up against the fucking screen. Call the
cops.” I said, shaking. 

Toby spoke up first, “Calm do-”

“I can’t  calm down there was somebody staring into my god damn room,
call the fucking cops!” I interrupted.

“You’re serious?” Clyde asked.

“And you’re sure it wasn’t just a shadow from a tree or something?” Toby
asked. 

“Yes, I’m sure. We have to call the cops.” I said, my voice cracking a
bit. I was starting to compose myself but I was still scared as shit. 

Clyde called the police. Eventually they handed the phone over to me. It
took almost 15 minutes for the police to arrive. One car carrying two
cops arrived. They searched around the back of the house but assured us
they found nothing. 

“And you’re sure you saw a person?” asked the shorter fatter cop.

“Yes. Completely sure.” I said. 

The cop sighed. “We found nothing. Not even a footprint in the mud.
We’ll file a report and make sure a patrol car is nearby the rest of the
night, but there isn’t much more we can do for the time being.”

“Well, thanks.” I said, annoyed. The cops soon left.

“You can go home. I believe you.” Toby said to me as we watched the
cops’ taillights disappear into the distance. The sun was just barely
starting to rise and illuminate the mildew in the grass.

“The sun is almost up. I’ll stay.” I sighed. “But I wanna sleep on the
second floor.”

It was a done deal. I went upstairs, took a shit in the upstairs
bathroom, and laid down in the guest room bed where Clyde had slept. I
had come down from the adrenaline rush and I was exhausted. The sun made
me feel safe enough to sleep. Soon I was snoring.

When I woke up it was almost noon. I hadn’t slept like this for ages.

 I went down stairs and Clyde and Toby were eating sandwiches. “He has
risen.” Toby said. “Make yourself a sandwich.” he gestured to the bread
and cold cuts that were out on the counter. I made myself a turkey and
cheese.

“Toby is letting me stay another night. To try and see what’s going on.”
Clyde said. I lost my appetite in an instant. “Are you in, James?” he
asked.

“Totally cool if last night has scared you off.” Toby said.

“You guys are crazy.” I sighed. “How could you possibly stay here
another night?” I asked.

“I mean, I can’t just leave my house unguarded if some prowler is
creepin’ around.” Toby said.

“And you said it was just some old guy. I’m not scared of an old dude.”
said Clyde.

“So, are you in?” Toby asked with a smile.

I sighed, I get FOMO easily and it made me reply, against my better
judgement, with an “I’m in.” I had signed myself up for another night at
this place. 

“It ain’t much, but in case that guy comes back and tries to break in, I
grabbed these out of the garage.” Toby said. I hadn’t noticed before but
there were three rusty old hammers on the other counter. “It’s all we
really have, unless you want a kitchen knife.”

I would definitely sleep better with a hammer in my hands. Who the hell
was that last night? Why had I agreed to stay here again? I was
petrified. The day went by fast. We watched movies and talked about old
memories from high school and college. It was a good day. 

The couch in the living room was big enough that all three of us could
sleep on it with space left over. It was a big sectional that took up
most of the living room. It sat in front of a stained coffee table and
the oldest TV that I’d ever seen. On a newly mounted shelf above that
old TV sat a cheap smart TV that Toby had brought when he moved in.
There were several windows along the right all that faced the woods to
the side of the house.

The plan was simple. We leave all the windows open. We also leave the TV
running, playing movies all night. If you notice someone asleep, let
them sleep for an hour then wake them up. If you’re the only one awake,
wake up both other people. It was fool proof.

At some point during the night we all fell asleep. All three of us awoke
to a phone alarm at exactly 3 AM. Clyde had set it just in case we had
all fallen asleep. The three of us all laughed about how we managed to
all fall asleep. “It had to be your fault, dude.” Clyde joked to Toby.

As the three of us laughed suddenly Toby went ghostly pale. Turn the TV
off, shhh, shush.” He said quickly. 

“I grabbed the TV remote. The room wasn’t left in silence. Out the
window we could hear it. That chanting and that drum rhythm from Toby’s
recording. It sounded to be a decent bit in the distance, and it was
hard to hear from the windows in the living room. The three of us got up
and rushed to the kitchen. Toby threw the windows open. The kitchen
windows were facing the backyard and the woods. We could hear it much
better from over here.

It was the same as before. The pitch changing every three beats. Nothing
they said sounded like any language I’d ever heard, however, I swear
during one of the high pitch segments I heard one voice chanting “James!
James! James!”

This time Toby called the cops. His idea was that they wouldn’t be able
to call it windchimes if they were hearing it with their own ears. I
assumed that after yesterday the police would be on high alert in the
area and rush to us fast. It took them nearly forty-five minutes to show
up. They classified it as a non-emergency, they didn’t even keep Toby on
the line. And wouldn’t you know it, the chanting stopped just a few
minutes before the cops arrived.

It was the same two cops as the previous night. Clyde had made a
recording and showed it to them. They identified it as a bird call, took
a report, and left. Something really fishy was going on here. We sat
around for an hour or two, Toby made pancakes as the sun rose. Me and
Clyde both had to leave that day. All three of us had work the next day.
I told Toby he could come stay with me but I declined. I went home that
day defeated.

It’s been a week and I haven’t slept right a single night. I’m so
paranoid. Almost every night now I wake up in the early hours and worry
I’m gonna see something scary. I never do. I’m worried about Toby
staying in that house. I’ve begged him move back home with his parents
or even stay with me for awhile but he refuses.

I’m not really sure what to do next. I feel like I need to figure out
what’s going on. I just can’t come up with a logical explanation for
what’s happening except for the idea of some kind of lost civilization
in the woods. So I ask you all readers, what could be going on here?
What can I do about it? I appreciate any and all advice.
