As i was desperately trying to get out of the deep hole i fell into
after my ex broke up with me last summer, i got addicted to drugs,
drinking and just doing anything to take my mind off her. My friend told
me there was this party tonight so wore my best outfit, put on my
expensive perfume, took one tab of LSD and went to the party.

As i went into the house, my bestfriend tapped me on my shoulder, “Hey,
almost thought u wouldnt come, I thought u were just going stay home and
live in ur misery.” I laughed at his comment and just shrugged as i
walked to the kitchen counter with countless of alcohol bottles
scattered on it. I thought it wouldnt be a good idea to mix substances
with various past experiences of vomiting, anxiety and even passing out.
I drank… a lot.

“Pass the bottle bro.” I heard from next to me, I dont even know who
said that, the LSD was kicking in and the alcohol was just too much for
me to handle so i saw only a dizzy Outline of a person.

I went to the bathroom to make me calm down, the loud music and the
people hitting into me was just getting on my nerves. As i looked in the
mirror i heard a lot of commotion from outside the door, I went to check
it out as i saw that my Ex girlfriend was screaming at this guy to leave
her alone. I ran to her and told this guy to leave her alone, didnt even
know if it was real or if it was just my mind mixed with the drugs so i
can be her hero.

The punch was real, i felt the cold, hard steel of his brass knuckles
hit my face. Falling to the floor with my eyes closed i realized, The
pain was gone and the Noise faded away in an instant. I opened my eyes
and realised i was in a completely different room, light brown walls,
long hallways and a low hum coming from the bright ceiling lights.

A slight panic formed as i got up and realized i was no longer at the
party. My sight was still blurry, maybe from the alcohol but probably
from the punch. As i walked around the hum from the lights gave me a
headache, “Where am i?” i thought to myself. I am fully in panic by now,
running around the Hallways to search for an exit that seemingly doesnt
exist. I noticed that the hum gets louder, My headache gets worse and my
dizzyness starts coming back when i go a certain way. I thought maybe
its the rooms tricking me, maybe it gets worse because im near an exit
so i push through, guided by my health each corner i take the symptoms
start to get worse, “The exit should be just around the corner” So i go
around and i see a unexplainable nightmare.

Standing in front of me is a creature, its skin is like a otherworldy
dark color not black, not grey just nothing. The best way to describe it
is if you close ur eyes. The light from the ceiling is just not hitting
its skin. Thats not the worst part. It is about seven feet tall and thin
like almost as if it is made of just bones with a thin cloth wrapped
around. Its arms are long, too long almost hitting the floor and its
fingers… i dont even want to talk about them, Almost as long as its hand
with nails as sharp as a knife.

I ran, i dont even know for how long i just know i was almost passing
out from exhaustion. I thought im in the clear. The creature was nowhere
around me and i sat down on the floor. The realisation of never getting
out again hit me hard. I cried, probably for like an hour, but i dont
really know for how long because my sense of time faded away while
running. But i do know it saw me and wanted to kill me. The lights
turned a deep red and i heard sirens coming closer. I ran again, i got a
gut feeling that the sirens were coming from that creature. I turned
around a corner and saw it standing there. Not doing anything just
standing. I ran back as fast as i could. another one, there was another
creature exactly like the other one the only difference was, It was
moving.. fast almost too fast. i turned back and ran again the room
wasnt as i remembered it, Turns were missing, cracks in the wall and at
the end of the tunnel there was a white light between the red ones. I
ran faster, i could hear the steps of the creature coming closer. Too
close. Just as i reached the light i felt a sharp pain in my back, i
felt its nails digging into me as i fell under the white light.

My eyes closed and as i opened them i was back in the house, but no one
was around. I shouted for help but got no answer. It felt like i was
going to die any minute now and i passed out. Not too long after i woke
up to loud humming in my ear. It wasnt the ceiling light of the
unexplainable room, it was the alarm of my phone that was set to monday
7.00 AM. I was confused, the sharp pain in my back was gone, just the
headache was there again. Stronger than ever. I got up and walked home.
Was it just a dream? I looked at my phone as i got inside my apartement.
Dozens of people messaged me and one said: Where did you go? It looked
like you vanished through the floor.

Sidenote: My first language isnt english so i wanted to apologize if
sentences dont make sense or if i have grammar errors.
Also its my first story so i would appreciate a little bit of feedback
