I say this as a word of warning: guard your souls and do not neglect
them. You will not like the outcome if you do not.

 I was eighteen; wild and fresh as a summer’s morn. Rebellious and
stubborn, I disregarded all that I was taught. 

 A solder was I. Fresh faced, and uniform freshly pressed. Shipped off
to France to fight the Hun. 

 I remember the engagement. Dug in deep into the earthworks, waiting
patiently for our time to charge. I was excited, for I wanted to shed
blood. Until Jacoby took a round to the face.

 His cries for his mother which he uttered out of a shattered mouth were
all I needed to know that I was in hell, and that I would die here. I
had no idea what was to come.  

 I comforted him in his final moments. His breathing much like a child
with a high fever. The rasp grew ever stronger as he struggled. 

 I was only with him for a minute or so, until God took him away. 

 I was staring into Jacoby’s eyes when I noticed a reflection in them.
It was of a figure, high above in the bright, mid-day sky. And although
carnage and bloodshed were all around me, I couldn’t help but become
transfixed by the visage. 

 The figure continued to decend towards us. And then I looked up. For
one brief moment… I saw Him. 

 I should have known better.

 For he took my sight. I was plunged into darkness. I stared into the
sun for too long, after all.

 Through my other senses I continued to feel the world: the squeeze and
release of Jacoby’s hand in mine, the deafening roar of the guns, the
screaming and the agony, and the smell of flesh burning and blood
flowing. 

 And then I felt the presence of Him next to me. I could hear His
breath. I could feel the winds shift, and hear the guns fade for one
solitary instant.

 

 And then He spoke. 

 I still do not know what He said. It wasn’t for me, at any rate. It was
for Jacoby. But I do remember Jacoby squeezing my hand as tight as he
had squeezed so far.

 He passed then, I think. His hand went limp as he whimpered a final
wordless fairwell to the earth. 

 God then must have took him in His arms, for I felt Jacoby’s hand slip
from my grasp. 

 I sat there, in the mud and mire, waiting to understand what had just
happened. Then I stood. The understanding came in the form of a bullet
to my head. 

 The sensation of falling was all I remember. I didn’t feel pain. Not
even when I reached my hand up to the hole in my temple, and felt the
stream of steaming liquid flow freely. 

 I did not last long. My mind fizzled and faded like a fuse doused with
water.

 And I did not awaken again until God chose. 

 I opened my dead eyes to see a face staring back at me through the
darkness. A pale, bearded face. His piercing eyes bore into me. 

 “You are not one of mine.” He spoke. 

 And in an instant, I felt myself be brought into a new realm. 

 My eyes slowly regained sight, and I wish they never had. For I opened
my eyes to see a wall of stone. I frantically looked to my left and
right, then up and down. All to find stone. Forever in all directions.
Stone.

 I tried to move, but I was pinned in. I was in a cylinder of stone. I
tried to breathe, but I could barely grab any air. It was hot, and harsh
on the lungs. 

 I realized then that I wasn’t alone. I could hear moaning and screaming
far off through the walls. 

 Oh, how I tried to move. I fought, and wriggled, and kicked, and
screamed, and clawed. All to no avail. 

 Hell is no inferno. It is a cylindrical stone tube that goes on
forever. And I am stuck inside of it. Just another soul in the
pipeline. 

 I am now sewage.

 I will never leave this place. 

 I will never have another chance. 

 I cannot die. 

 Help me. 
