Fear of being alone.

Since my memories started to form and solidify in my head I’ve always
had this nagging fear in the back of my mind. It’s almost paralysing-
the way it grips me by my shoulders, forcing me to face it head on, it
feels like a cold palm on the nape of my neck, taunting me and reminding
me of its presence.

It plagued me when I was in kindergarten surrounded by familiar faces
laughing and smiling, waiting for me to blow out the candles, while my
age mates would’ve wished for the sky and stars, I wished to capture
this moment forever until my consciousness faded into nothing. It
plagued me when I was in the midst of a crowd cheering along to my
favourite band playing, the bass so loud I can feel it pulsing through
my veins, but beneath that still lies a coldness that never seems to
leave me, a coldness that I was born to live with. 

Autophobia was what I was told it was by the time I decided to seek
guidance. 

But I’ve never been feared being left alone or abandoned, never that, I
have been abandoned at many stages of my pitiful life, being proven over
and over again that there is no such thing as trust or devotion in human
nature. I only fear in the loudest moments of my life, I blink, I divert
my attention away for a second, and I realise I’d always been all alone.
The fear isn’t an invader, rather a companion. 

My 27th birthday. I am in a busy restaurant with coworkers and friends
and family, surrounded by flashy gifts and a cake so delicately
decorated I almost sneered at. I look down at my perfectly polished
leather loafers, thinking of a wish that wouldn’t be condemned by the
gods. I huff in exasperation, blow out the candles, and hear a roar of
cheer from everyone. Happy Birthday, they all say. I can’t help but
stifle a laugh for this year I am taking matters into my own hands, I
will find the silent observer that has been with me my whole life, the
hunted becomes the hunter.

I stalk the streets with hollow steps, feeling the weight of my
companion dragging me in each move I make, the puddles glisten meekly
under the moonlight reflecting a twisted face which I could only
describe as a caricature of myself, it’s grotesque features looking back
at me with a knowing smile, it’s eyes curious yet calculating. It knows.
It knows that the love I’ve been smothered with my entire life would
never be enough for something like me. I turn from cold puddles and warm
streetlights into an alley where shadows fold like worn maps into
forgotten corners. That’s when I met them. They sat quietly on the side
like a cat tucking away its limbs in an act of uncertainty but also a
silent strength. Our eyes meet. And in that moment of stillness
something shifts- a fragile recognition between two lost travellers,
each carrying their own kind of coldness. 

Why are you here? I asked. Usually this type of directness would be met
with hostility, however I knew this would be some strange exception. 

Take me to where I need to be. They say.

Perhaps this was the confrontation I had been looking for my entire
life. The air seemed to still as I contemplated as to whether I am eye
to eye with my companion that’s brought me nothing but an aching fear of
loneliness. I extended a hand not in friendship or kindness but a raw
desperation that I am finally embracing. They take it with no hesitation
and my journey begins. 

Note how I didn’t include them in ‘my’ journey, that was carefully
planned. I knew their journey was coming to an end. For what need is
there for a lost soul like them to keep walking the earth without any
ambition, drive or thirst. I decided that was what made us so
different. 

The night air tightened around us like a fragile veil, barely masking
the tragic end that loomed on the horizon. I led them deeper into the
labyrinth of empty streets, where silence was thicker than the fog
curling between the cracked pavement. Their footsteps matched mine- not
hesitant, but also not certain, just pacing like a faint heartbeat
struggling to find its rhythm. I look into their eyes, the look behind
them resembling a dog that realises its days are simply numbered-
nothing but a quiet surrender. 

We’re here. I say flatly, devoid of warmth or even the slightest hint of
humanity. 

In that instance, the weight of everything that has led me here presses
down- every step, very turn, every moment of loneliness that gnawed at
me like an ever-present shadow. The stars seem to look at me distant but
understanding, as if offering a silent vow that my wish would finally
come true. I remember the loneliness that has hallowed me out since the
day I was born, comfort and security that I could always seem to be able
to touch with my fingertips but never grasp. 

In this moment something greater shifted. What more is fate than a brief
reminder we simply aren’t doing enough to take control of our own lives?
The hunted becomes the executioner. 

Dear reader, you might not understand. However, by reading this you are
complicit.

You, too, will witness what has to be done.

Their back was turned against me, I held them so closely to my beating
chest, life flowing through a shell of a body I call mine. The companion
that has followed me my whole life seemed to have loosened its grip on
me, realising the depths I would go in the search of a sense of
belonging and permanence. How I wish I could let them walk away from the
twisted fate I have shaped for them. But I can’t, because if I do it
will only be more of the same- the coldness, the silence, and the cruel
reminder that we will always be alone. In this moment I realised, love
isn’t a gift- but rather a claim. 

I tell myself this is an act of mercy towards them. Mercy for what,
however, I do not know. I see their face cold and lifeless, and wonder
if I’ve freed them. But that thought too slips away, lost in the web
I’ve built around them.

I don’t need to relive the act, but rather the aftermath. Their blood
was warm and sticky, I cupped my hands to save each drop from falling
onto the cold and unforgiving concrete tiles. I cry and cry and cry, my
tears falling in an unexplainable torrent, was it sadness, was it grief
or a primal greed that has finally been satisfied after years of
yearning? Their lifeless body pressed so closely against mine, I feel
the heat slowly fading away into nothingness as the cruel fear that
plagued me for a lifetime understood the weight of my actions. 

I love you, I tell them. 

Fumbling around in my coat pocket led me to the candles left over from
my birthday celebration. The numbers 27 now had a dull colour to them,
yet the significance of them spoke so much louder than words ever could.
I placed it in their limp hands, as deep laughter erupting from
someplace so deep inside of me I never knew existed. This feeling of
accomplishment will be locked in this moment of time together signified
by the permanence of their death. I could understand why some might
think this was cruel, but to me it is simply the greatest act of love I
have ever done for myself, a brave sacrifice that had to be made in the
name of true happiness, and a mutual understanding between two silent
strangers that had finally found the right ending for themselves.

I tell myself it is love. But in truth, it is nothing more than a cage.
I am binding them to me. And when their body goes cold, their last
breath escapes them, the world will finally stop moving. It will freeze
and I will finally have what I wanted all my life; an unbroken,
unyielding presence. For the first time, I will never be alone.

Still, I say

I love you, I love you, I love you. 

This time, I meant it forever.
