Honestly, I thought it was a lie. A wild tale from a withered old man.
But it wasn’t a lie. Grandpa was telling the truth. Those coins were
magical. They brought good luck. Unfortunately, luck travels in both
directions.

When I was a kid, Grandpa got sick; he moved into our basement. I’d
listen to him tell stories for hours. Like how he and his friend Jim
would travel across the country in their VW Microbus, following the
Grateful Dead. I loved hearing those stories. Sometimes – after a drink
or three – he’d talk about his time in Vietnam. I hated those stories,
but was equally fascinated by them. Once and a while, he’d talk about
magic coins. But only after dark. And not until the cancer made it
clear: he was dying.

“Coins?” I asked, somewhat intrigued.

Grampa grabbed my little hands and looked me dead in the eyes. “Not just
any coins, Neil,” he said. “Special coins.”

When he spoke, the smell of bourbon burned my nostrils. His tired gray
eyes grew cold; he seemed lost in memories. I removed my hands from his
grip and stood uneasily beside his bed. There was another smell
permeating in the basement, one I could do without: death.

Over the course of that summer, I learned more of these special coins.
Apparently, he and Jim acquired them at a Dead concert in New Orleans –
their final road trip together. (I’ve since done some research, and the
pair of shows happened on October 18 - 19, 1980.)

Grandpa met a young fortune-teller named Pearl, who traded him a bag of
coins for some hash. (Hearing my dying gramps talk about hash
was…well…unusual).

Grandpa gave his friend Jim a couple coins, then stashed the pouch in
the glove box and away they went. They’d spent the entire decade
following the Dead, scoring chicks (his words, not mine), and having the
time of their lives. But when this particular road trip ended, Grandpa
and Jim had a following out. Grandpa grew tired of travelling; he found
himself a steady job, and never spoke to his friend again.

Anyways, back to the coins. Just before Grandpa passed away, he called
me over. By now the stench of death was all-encompassing. I dreaded
going down there. The basement was murky and damp and draped in cobwebs.
It felt like a coffin.

“Neil!” he croaked, his voice as sharp as a razor’s edge. “Come quick!”

I stood over to him, holding my breath. He was so thin and frail it
seemed impossible. But his eyes were ablaze. He pointed to a strange key
dangling from a nail on the wall. Somehow, I’d never noticed it before.
He made a ‘get going’ gesture. I didn’t know what to do – I’d just
turned twelve: old enough to fend for myself, young enough to scare
easily.

“Fetch me that key,” Grandpa ordered.

I did. It was long and bent and covered in markings. It looked ancient,
like it had belonged to a pirate.

“Now go to my dresser; bottom drawer. Near the back.”

I wanted to run upstairs, as far away from him as possible, and I nearly
did. But I was curious, so I went rooting through his dresser and found
a small, simple box. It was heavy.

“That’s it!” Grandpa started coughing. “Bring it here, goddammit! I
don’t got all day.”

I did as told.

“Open the box,” he snapped.

I tried, but my hands were clumsy. Suddenly, I was trembling. Grandpa
got upset with me, which made it worse. Finally, my hands steadied, and
the strange key slid into the slot. The small box opened.

I gasped.

Wrapped within a tattered old rag was a bundle of gold coins. The
peculiar coins depicted a sword-wielding lizard with a human head. The
lizard – which looked anything but friendly – was surrounded by odd
letters that looked otherworldly.

“There used to be a dozen of them,” Grandpa said, barely above a
whisper. “Now there’s only three. Becasue…well…you know…”

I didn’t know. Nor did I want to. The images on the coins were
horrifying.

“Keep them,” he said. “But spend them wisely. And wait until you’re
older. And for Christ’s sake, don’t do anything stupid, like get
yourself killed.”

A coin danced along his gnarly knuckles. To my surprise, he flipped the
coin straight into the air and snatched it. The coin vanished. He
motioned for me to come closer, and when I did, he reached behind my ear
and the coin reappeared.

I was impressed.

“They’re yours now,” he said. His eyes grew wider, “But keep them
secret. You understand?”

“Why me?” I managed to say, my voice choosing that exact moment to
crack.

He started coughing again, so I fetched him a glass of water.

“They’re magic,” he said in his croaky voice. “They can help you and
your mother. But be forewarned: magic is like a boomerang.” He drifted
into sleep.

That was the last time I spoke to him.

I kept the coins hidden in my closet. I didn’t know what to do with
them. I had to tell someone. But I knew Mom wasn’t the right person;
she’d take them away from me. Or sell them. So I told my friend Michael.

Big mistake.

Michael and I were school chums. We lived on the same street and walked
to school together. On our way home, we’d sometimes cut through a small
stretch of forest, climb trees and catch snakes. One tree in particular
– the Big Ape – was our favorite. We’d climb it and act like monkeys.
Harmless fun. Michael wanted a coin, and after much pleading, I gave him
one. Seemed harmless. Besides, it’s not like I paid for them. The
following week, he showed up with a brand new bike. I was baffled. His
parents were impoverished. I asked him how he paid for it.

His eyes lit up. “The coin,” he said.

I shook my head, “Impossible.”

“Nuh-uh,” he said. “I promise.”

He’d been bugging his mother for a bike all summer. The other night, he
tried again, but his mother was adamant. The answer was no. So he placed
the coin on his bedside table, and before he fell asleep, he prayed for
a new bicycle. The coin started glowing, so he prayed harder. When he
woke up, the coin was gone. In its place, was a new bike.

“You’re lying!” I said, but one look in his ballooning eyes told me he
wasn’t. I recalled what Grandpa said, and shivered. A million questions
sprang to mind.

“Can I leave it with you?” He frowned, “My mother will think I stole
it.”

I shrugged. My mother was very distracted. She wouldn’t even notice it.
“Sure,” I said. “But I get to use it too.”

It was a deal.

Sadly, I never got to ride the bike. Later that week, while Michael was
riding the bike to the convenience store – a mere three blocks away – he
was struck by a bus and killed. The bike was totaled. And I’d lost my
best friend.

…

The coins stayed hidden in the back of my closet for three years. But
they weren’t forgotten. Every now and then – in the dead of night – I’d
hear an ominous hum gurgling from the closet. The closet door would
open, seemingly on its own, and I’d feel the calling of the coins. This
sounds crazy. But it’s the truth.

My step-father left home without warning. Mom was devastated. And broke.
Turns out, her dear hubby left her with a pile of gambling debts. It was
a tough year. We moved into a small one bedroom apartment, and Mom took
up a second job. She was really stressed, and complained about needing a
vacation.

The call of the coins grew stronger. I recalled what Micheal had said a
few years earlier. About wishing for the bicycle, and it appearing. One
night, unable to sleep, I crept into the closet and snatched the bag of
coins. They were heavier than I recalled. And uglier.

I placed a coin under my pillow, and started praying. I prayed for Mom
to go on a perfect vacation and come home feeling rejuvenated. The
following morning, when I searched under the pillow, the gold coin had
vanished. My heart sank. I raced around my room searching for it. But it
was nowhere to be found. I went to school, grumbling about the stupid
coin, and was surprised by a smiling mother when I got home.

“Neil,” she said, grinning gloriously. “You’ll never guess what happened
to me today.”

…

Mom didn’t invite me on her vacation. She invited Doug, some loser she’d
recently started seeing. I was disappointed. But at least she got her
much-needed vacation. Earlier that day, she’d called a radio station,
and won an all-expence trip to see Coldplay in Ireland. Her favourite
band. The trip was triumphant. Mom returned looking ten years younger.
Finally, she was happy. A month later, Mom’s health started to
deteriorate. The doctors were baffled. Soon thereafter, she was
diagnosed with advanced MS.

The coins.

I was livid. Why did Grandpa give me those damned coins? There was only
one left. Maybe it would bring better luck. Or maybe not. I didn’t want
to find out, so one night, while Mom was watching TV, I tossed the coin
into a nearby dumpster. Good riddance.

The following morning, I awoke from a terrible dream. My head was
swimming. The walls in my bedroom were pulsating. A small, tinkering
light flickered.

The coin.

It was on the dresser, pulsating.

“What the heck?”

Did someone put it there? Mom, perhaps? No way. Impossible. She was
nearly immobilized at this point. Warily, I stashed the gold coin in the
closet, then I went to school and tried to forget the cursed coin.
Everyone at school seemed suspicious of me. And I couldn’t blame them.
My life was spiraling out of control, and I had no one to turn to. The
last person I confided with was Michael, and he died.

Mom’s health worsened. Money was an issue. I tried to find a job, but it
was tough. Nobody, it seemed, wanted to hire an unskilled
sixteen-year-old kid. Finally, I landed a job as a dishwasher at a local
diner where Mom once worked. It was nice earning money, but it wasn’t
enough to pay for Mom’s medical bills.

“Neil,” Mom called me over, late one night. “We need to talk.” The look
on her face was troubling. “I’m dying,” she said, sadly. “You need to
stay with Steven and Althea.”

I was gutted. As much as I loved my uncle and aunt (I stayed with them
during Mom’s vacation), I hated the idea of leaving her alone to die. No
way. I tried convincing her that things would improve, but even I didn’t
believe this was possible. It would take a miracle.

The coin.

I pondered the gold coin all week. I’d need to be careful – cover all
the bases, as they say. I considered wishing for millions of dollars but
thought otherwise. What if a pile of money fell on me and crushed me? Or
what if I drowned in a sea of cash? I could pray for Mom’s health to
improve, but that, too, seemed risky. I should leave her out of this.
Just in case. Think!

A big, fancy house. Somewhere warm.

Yes! I would wish for a new house in a fine neighborhood. The mortgage
would be paid off, and the property owned by us. Seemed fool proof.

Before bed, I painted a house surrounded by tall trees, eclipsed by
golden rays of a honeycomb sun. Then I added a swimming pool in the
yard. I placed the gold coin on top of the painting and prayed. The
following morning, I woke up feeling rejuvenated. Mom was sitting in her
wheelchair, sipping coffee. She looked dreadful. Like she hadn’t slept
in days.

“You’ll be leaving here once school finishes,” she said, her voice as
dry as Grandpa’s.

“What about you?” I asked, miserably. The idea that a gold coin could
save my family seemed ludicrous. I hated myself for even trying.

Then everything changed.

The following week, my mother received a letter in the mail informing
her that she’d inherited property. Apparently, Grandpa had owned
property in Gainesville Florida. He’d left this estate to some floozy
(Mom’s words, not mine) named Stella, who had rented it to students.
Stella had recently passed away, and the property was now awarded to
Mom. None of this made any sense, but at least my prayers were answered.

It took all summer to iron out the details. Mom suddenly had more than
enough money to cover her medical expenses. Things were looking good for
the first time…well…since Grandpa died.

When school ended, we packed up and moved to Florida. Mom wanted to sell
the house, but decided to live there for a while. Soak up the sun. The
house was exactly how I’d imagined, swimming pool and all. My friends
(all three of them) were asking when they could come down for a visit.
Life, it seemed, took a turn for the better.

Then the walls caved in.

By Christmas, it became apparent: major repairs were needed. The
plumbing was a disaster, the paint was peeling off the walls, and the
crawl spaces are infested with snakes. It was time to sell the place.
Pronto. Mom acted fast, but not fast enough. Making matters worse, some
drunk college kid drove a car through the living room window. Mom nearly
died of a heart attack.

“This place is cursed,” she complained.

She was correct. But I certainly wasn’t going to tell her why. I did
some digging, and discovered that Grandpa’s old friend Jim was alive; he
lived in Georgia. I contacted him. After much coercing, I convinced him
to have a meeting with me. He was highly suspicious, but eventually
agreed.

I was nervous. This was stupid, I scolded myself, standing outside his
home. What was I doing here? I nearly chickened out. Instead, I was
greeted by his daughter, who was roughly my mother’s age. She was tall
and thin, with frizzy dark hair and a warm smile. She invited me inside.

She spoke with a slight Southern drawl. “Can I get you some lemonaid?”

I asked for a cold glass of water, then was led into a large bedroom.
The room was a psychedelic dream. Grateful Dead banners, lava lamps and
floral colors. The works. Jim was lying in bed, watching baseball. He
was a heavyset man, with pale lips and large earlobes. His hair was
mostly gone, replaced by red spots.

Jim looked up. “Holy crow. You look just like your gramps!”

We chatted for a couple minutes, while I gathered my nerves. He was a
jovial man, and loved hearing stories about school. He asked me if I
liked the Dead. I told him yes, and he seemed pleased. He talked about
old times. Then he asked the million dollar question.

“Tell me, Neil. What brings you here?”

“The coins,” I blurted, before my nerves could get the best of me.

Jim’s demeanor changed at once; his eyes burst from his puffy face.
Drool fell from his furrowed face. His legs kicked. He clutched his
heart. He tried shouting, but instead whimpered. He died right there in
front of me.

I cried all the way home.

Life worsened, the house continued to crumble, and my hatred for Grandpa
grew stronger. Stupid coins. Mom managed to sell the house – the
property was worth a pretty penny – but she didn’t live long enough to
make use of the money.

After her funeral, I was gutted. I needed a change. At least money
wasn’t an issue. With high school completed, I decided to travel the
country. Luckily, I’d met a girl named Cassidy who shared my love for
jam bands. She, too, wanted to travel. We drove to the West Coast in a
newly-purchased SUV (not nearly as cool as Grandpa’s VW Microbus, but
beggars can’t be choosers), and had ourselves a blast.

After a month or so, we found ourselves in New Orleans, attending a
music festival. That’s when this story takes another terrible turn.
Cassidy met an old fortune-teller named Pearl, who traded her some gold
coins for a grilled cheese sandwich. We sold food and tie-dyed T-shirts
at the tailgates, earning extra money.

Cassidy was elated. Her jade-green eyes glimmered. She pulled a pouch
out of her purse. In it was a bundle of ancient-looking gold coins.
“Don’t these coins look cool?”
