Nearly the entire 26 years we’ve been together, married for 19 of them,
Mags has told me cigarettes would be my early death. As is usually the
case, she was right. However I don’t think even my beloved woods witch
could have predicted it would happen quite like this. Although I am
certain it is happening and I will die tonight. My pack of smokes is
after all, nearly empty now.

Perhaps I should be grateful for that. It won’t be slow or painful. In
some dismal hospital room, in a noisy, crowded city. With specialists
administering medication and treatments just as painful as cancer or
emphysema. And while I don’t imagine this is going to be more dignified,
it will definitely be quicker. I hope.

Come to think of it Mags was wrong about at least one thing, wanting to
live way out here. Isolated, in the middle of nowhere. Where sinister
creatures roam, hidden, while civilized folks convince themselves those
things don’t exist.

Millersburg is about as beautiful as northern Michigan gets, if you love
to look at the trees. Which of course Mags does. I knew how hard the
winters would be, growing old out here though and wasn’t as convinced as
she seemed to be about this little house out in the sticks.

She had always wanted to live somewhere like this though, long before
she was my Mags. When she was still Margaret Baker, beautiful, restless
and bored out of her mind in Bristol, Indiana. Our hometown, where both
of us had been born and raised.

Back then I didn’t have a lot of ambition to leave Indiana. I had always
expected to get a job in a local factory after high school. Or become a
truck driver like my dad and grandpa had been. Find a wife, have some
kids, cliché though it may be. A simple life for a simple man.

I did not find a simple wife though, and that has been my life’s
greatest joy. I’ve know Mags since pre K and she has always been a
pretty girl. By high-school I had been blessed with enough small
interactions with her to have a serious crush. Like most teenagers I had
no idea how to tell if she felt the same way about me.

So one year at homecoming I took a chance and asked her to be my date.
She delighted me with an enthusiastic yes and the rest is, as they say
history. It may not seem very glamorous or exciting to most people to
spend your whole life with your high-school sweetheart. Those people
have never met a woman like Mags.

Or maybe they have and they just lack gratitude. They don’t realize how
special some women are. Mags is special, she makes everything feel
exciting and meaningful. Back then, when she was just my high-school
crush she was the only Wiccan I knew. Granted the movie The Craft had
made it pretty popular and certainly been one of her influences.

She’s always had a spiritual nature, unlike anything I’ve ever felt in
any church. Her aura, I believe she would call it. A natural witch, one
who felt the most at peace out in nature. Not in a bright hippie sort of
way, but in a dark witchy way. Sexy and a little scary, the only woman
I’ve ever needed.

She had always wanted to live out in the woods somewhere. Tend to her
own garden and a few critters. I had always wanted to make that dream
come true for her. Currently I’m wondering if it wouldn’t have been
better to fall in love with a women who had glitzy dreams of a city life
instead.

It took us a lot of years to save and be able to afford such a move. For
those years I did work in a factory, wearing my body down to save and
build a respectable credit score. It worked out though, after my dad
passed my mother moved down to Florida for the stereotypical warm
retirement. Both Mags parents have been in Arizona for years for the
same reason. Siblings scattered around, there just wasn’t anything
keeping us in Indiana.

Millersburg happened to fit the bill for us after all these years
preparing and Mags searching online for somewhere brand new to call
home. The past two years here were the bliss she’d always known it would
be for us. Even now I don’t regret them, I had really expected to grow
old together here.

Now all I can hope is that she stays safe long enough to leave this
place. That’s not going to happen for me and I wish now I had seen all
the warning signs for the danger they were. Unlike Mags I wasn’t blessed
with anything special, a witchy knowing aura. Just an average man doing
what I could to make the woman I love happy. Happy wife, happy life
indeed. It has been that.

Coming home from work to a warm kitchen swirling with the delicious
aroma of the many meals Mags made for us to share. Our nights even
warmer, in bed alone together where we often shared those moments a
husband yearns for. Mags is adventurous and exciting in all her
endeavors and you best believe that includes the bedroom.

I think we were both the happiest just being around each other, it
didn’t matter what we were doing. Not that we didn’t have our own
hobbies, apart from one another. Before the move to Michigan mine was
taking that dog she adores hunting. She’s a pretty good little hunting
buddy, too.

Mags named her Matilda, after another witch she was influenced by
growing up. We call her Tilly, a cute little mutt with big floppy ears
and a gentle disposition. We got her as a pup, from an old neighbor in
Indiana. I took her hunting all the time there, but it’s been different
out here. I should have been more wary of that. Tilly is good hunting
company, but I’ve always felt she just likes spending time with me.

You know how people joke about taking an interest in their pets hobbies,
bird watching with their cats and things like that? Well I’ve always
thought Matilda just takes an interest in hunting to humor me like that.
She just likes to spend time with dad doing what I enjoy. She does her
duty, but never seemed to take it very seriously until we got into these
woods. I’ve never been one to hunt for sport, but I do love to provide
for my little family. It would appear that I am going to die for sport
though. Although this thing is going to eat me, it isn’t doing it to
survive. Somehow I know that, it shares.

Telepathically I think. Not actually speaking into my head, it’s a
feeling. A feeling inside my head, not my heart like feelings are
supposed to be. Maybe that’s how that sharp discernment feels to Mags
and all the others like her. Women’s intuition, it must feel something
like this.

Looking back now I think it’s been hunting me for a long time. I’m not
sure when it started, just when I first noticed it. The start of turkey
season, two months back in early fall.

I’d known all week what I was doing that Saturday, weather permitting.
So I got up while it was still dark out, which I don’t do often on the
weekends. Got myself dressed while the coffee brewed and tried to rouse
Matilda without waking Mags. I wanted to take her potty and get her
moving so we could get out there and bag our turkey to freeze until
November.

Tilly, like Mags is not a morning gal. So it takes some digging to get
her out from under the covers. She usually sleeps in her own bed, but
lately she’s been taking my spot next to Mags once I’m up. One of those
signs I should have noticed. That morning reaching for her she grumbled
at me in protest, not unusual. Also like Mags she makes her feelings
known. This morning she was feeling like sleeping in and not happy to be
pulled from bed into the chilly September air.

I did get her downstairs to the front door to head outside to potty. She
would not go, another sign I dismissed. Hind sight and all that. I had
opened the big door, then held the screen door for her and she just
stood there. She looked away, avoiding eye contact with me like dogs do
when they’ve gotten into trouble. She hadn’t though so I figured she
just didn’t appreciate the cold, early morning.

So I just picked her up and carried her outside, where she did finally
squat and do her business. Quickly, she did not require carried back
inside and was up those front steps in no time. We grabbed our things,
the last of which was a thermos of coffee with a heaping spoonful of
brown sugar and a splash of that brown butter cookie creamer Mags keeps
stocked. I have never understood the black coffee drinkers.

This time Tilly did go out the door herself, she seemed a bit more
awake. Not on edge or anything alarming that I noticed. I thought she
had just been tired and grumpy before, but was happy to be out with dad
now that she knew what was on the agenda for the day. I had absolutely
no idea which way was best to head for the hunt, I hadn’t managed to go
in the spring I’d been busy working on some of the home repairs and
renovations.

This was a brand new adventure for Tilly and me both. It didn’t seem new
to her though, she set right off trotting ahead of me like she was on a
mission. As if she knew just where to go. I didn’t give it much mind and
just let her lead the way, glad she was getting on board now that she
was awake.

She headed straight, I do mean straight. From our front door, directly
forward. For some time, I’d been busy keeping an eye out for game and
scoping the new scenery when it occurred to me Tilly hadn’t strayed from
dead ahead the whole time. No veering off a little to the left, a lot to
the right, nothing but straight forward. Due South, straight as an
arrow.

Soon I noticed a smell, I’d thought skunk at first. As we walked it got
stronger and it was not a skunk. I had started to think carcass,
something dead nearby. That was closer to what it smelled like, but
still not quite right. It was strong, it had to be what Tilly was
following. It also occurred to me I hadn’t seen any game.

Not just turkey’s, none of the birds you should see out in the woods. Or
squirrels, chipmunks, hell I hadn’t seen a fly. Or heard crickets or any
insects for that matter. Had it been silent except for us the whole
walk? It couldn’t have been, I’d have noticed. I think I would have,
well I was noticing now.

I whistled for Tilly, to get her attention. Usually she’d stop whatever
she was doing and look at me wagging her tail. She just kept marching
forward, like a soldier. I picked up my pace, caught up with her and
called her name. She finally stopped, dead in her tracks. It looked like
she was just waking up, like breaking a trance. She looked around
frantically and started whining low.

I knelt down next to her, said her name a few more times, gently stroked
her back. All her hair was standing on end and at my touch that dog
turned tail and ran. Sprinted like a bat out of hell, tail between her
legs, while I was still crouched down on my haunches.

I popped up and after the dog, in that moment mostly worried she’d be
lost out there. I lost sight of her quick, even if I didn’t smoke like I
did I would have. I’ve never seen that dog move so fast. I was out of
breath and hitching in no time. I had to stop, give myself a moment so I
didn’t pass out.

That’s when I felt it, no I can’t explain what “it” is. Just that all my
hair was on end now, too and that something felt extremely wrong. I felt
unsafe, like I needed to be away from where I was. I walked as quickly
as I could, trying not to wheeze. I didn’t feel alone and I didn’t want
anything nearby to hear me, breathing labored.

I remembered some random piece of information. I’m not even sure if it’s
true or just some made up thing. From a story or a show, or maybe
something Mags had told me.That if you’re ever stranded at sea and get a
cramp swimming not to swim with a limp. To hold still until it passes
because swimming with a limp will attract sharks quicker than blood in
the water. An injured creature makes for an easy meal to predators.

That’s just how I felt, injured prey being hunted. I strode along,
trying to keep my head up and look composed. Keeping my eyes peeled for
Matilda, just as worried for her as myself. Dogs are family I don’t care
what anyone says. Preparing myself for having to come back out here and
look for her if need be, wood sharks be damned.

I didn’t have to go search for her, I spotted her on the stoop before I
even hit the yard. Laying down, head up and alert, staring out into the
woods. She didn’t run up to me when I got close like she does when Mags
brings her outside when I get back from work. She didn’t even wag her
tail. I opened the door and she bolted inside and up the stairs. I
slammed and bolted the door shut behind me, adrenaline still coursing
through me, making me feel sick.

The sun wasn’t even up yet, it felt like it had been hours. I didn’t
even take my boots off, just set my things down and followed Tilly right
up those stairs to Mags. She was still sort of sleeping, Tilly had
jumped into bed with her pulling her awake some. I sat on the edge of
the bed and got my boots and everything off, down to my long John’s.

I went back downstairs, quietly put all my hunting gear where it
belonged. I headed into the kitchen, to peer out the window over the
sink. I couldn’t see it, but I know it could see me. I stood there
paralyzed, unsure of what was happening. Not thinking deeply enough to
worry about what to do about whatever it was happening. I just felt
uneasy and watched.

I don’t know how long I stood there, just that I came out of it with
Mags standing in front of me looking concerned. It was now late into the
morning, the whole kitchen drenched in sunlight. “Mark, what’s wrong?
Are you okay?” I cleared my throat, blinked hard, keeping my eyes shut
tight and told her that yes, I’m fine. She insisted I sit in and brought
me a glass a water.

She also informed me that first thing Monday she was scheduling me a
doctor’s appointment, I really didn’t want to. I was overdue for my
annual checkup though and I know how to pick my battles in my marriage.
It would be worth the doctor visit just to ease her mind if nothing
else.

Looking back now I wish I had just taken us all out of here that day.
All three of us in the truck and down the road. Send movers to go get
our things later. We could have gone back to Indiana, just for awhile.
Until we found somewhere else Mags loved. A different house, in a
different part of the woods, in a different state. Or we could go see my
mom in Florida, Mags hates the heat. Just a visit though, to give us
time to make a decision. Anywhere but here, instead we stayed.

I saw the doctor who lectured me about the smoking, but agreed I was
healthy considering. After that Saturday morning there were no more
notable occurrences. Tilly stopped going potty outside for the most
part. Sometimes, during the daytime with Mags she would. Otherwise we
started finding cold wet spots of urine around the house. Always in the
kitchen, on the linoleum. Even scared Tilly is a good dog and never
pissed on the carpet so it was easy to clean.

Mags scheduled Tilly a vet visit, too. Perfectly healthy of course, the
vet said less water before bed. We bought her some of those dog potty
pads. She’s not too old to learn new tricks and adjusted to them just
fine. It goes without saying I never bagged us that turkey, so for
Thanksgiving we had store bought.

Sometimes I smelled that foul carcass odor faintly. Getting in and out
of my truck for work, otherwise I can’t think of anything else I missed.
I’m sure I did miss more signs though, willful ignorance perhaps. The
human mind can do some interesting things to protect itself.

Last night was uneventful, work and then a nice hot dinner with my wife
at home. Some ice cream and TV on the couch together after. Mags headed
off to bed, but I just had to come out here for a smoke. She kissed me
when she got up off the couch and I told her that I would be up shortly.
Tilly followed her right up the stairs to bed and I grabbed a fresh pack
of Marlboros from my carton in the freezer.

I flicked on the porch light and sat in my favorite wicker chair just
off from the door so my smoke doesn’t drift back inside through the
screen door. I was just wrapping up that first cigarette when I smelled
it.

I froze because what else could I do? Every alarm bell inside my body
blaring. Ice in my veins, heart skipping beats, then beating too fast.
My heart dropped into my feet, backside puckered so tight it might be
shut forever. Every single cell in body screaming DANGER.

I squeezed the soft pack of smokes in my fist and without thinking
pulled out and lit a second one. That one wasn’t halfway gone when I
heard the rustling of the dry autumn leaves beneath me. Directly beneath
me, under the porch. I don’t know how it got behind the lattice. I just
put it up last summer, no broken places so far as I know.

I suppose it doesn’t matter how, it’s down there. It’s been telling me
things. Not speaking them, not even a whisper. It’s communicating in
some ancient way humans have forgotten how to do. Or maybe it’s
something we never knew how to do. It’s told me what’s going to happen
to me when I finish smoking.

The empty pack is damp even through the cellophane, from the sweat on my
palm. As I take the last few drags I ever will my mind is racing. I’ve
been thinking of everything I wish I had more time to do, the future I
don’t have. As for the past, when I think back on my life I am pleased
to say it has been lived without very many regrets.

One does come to mind though. My crazy, great uncle Judd up in Maine.
Who used to tell my dad stories of homicidal undead things and how
sometimes, dead is better.

My dad passed those stories down to me, like family should. Both of us
laughing, grateful we have all our marbles. I reget not taking those
tales seriously, especially after how Uncle Judd died. Brutally mauled
or murdered, they never could tell which. Or who or what did it. Sitting
here now, mostly I think of Mags and how I should have listened to her
and quit smoking a long time ago. What I wouldn’t give for even one more
moment with her.

This last cigarette burned all the way down to the butt, scorching my
fingers as I hear it speak out loud for the first time. In a voice so
ancient and far from human I can barely comprehend it “delicious”…

*Author’s Note: Many of you reading this story will no doubt have caught
the less than subtle nod to Stephen King’s Pet Sematary (1983).
Hopefully some will have noticed the homage to his short story The
Boogeyman, from The Night Shift (1978). If you haven’t read one or both
of those I highly recommend each. I was reading The Boogeyman late one
night, home alone with my then two year old son. Back when I still
smoked cigarettes. I did so outside and hadn’t smoked while I was
pregnant and breastfeeding, but had started back up when my son was
about a month old. That story fresh in my head outside in the middle of
the night this story came to mind. I pictured an older man smoking a
cigarette on a porch at night having a standoff with a monster
underneath him. If he acknowledged it or tried to go inside it would get
him! My son is 18 now and I’m finally actually writing it. It’s never
too late to do the things we love. Or quit the things we don’t, I’m now
about 4 years smoke free.
