“A single shard from the past, revealing the truth.

A resurfacing memory, to peek through time.

Follow the RULES if you want to see their memory:

-ALWAYS stay under the candlelight.

-Don’t let any other light source near her.

-Don’t go into light.

-Don’t look away or blink unless she does.

-Don’t decide on your own.

Follow her and she’ll let you see what you desire to see. One memory
from the past that does not belong to you.

1_ Grab a wide ceramic plate and place the candle on top.

2_ Go to your desired person’s house -whom you wanna get a glimpse of
their past- and leave the entrance door open, you need to invite her in.

3_ When the clock hits midnight, make sure all the lights are turned
off.

4_ Light the candle with a match and hold the plate with your both
hands. Wait patiently, your impatience will make her raged.

5_ She will enter the house before 1 A.M. If she does not, leave
everything and go. She will know what to do, and won’t hurt you.

6_ When she does come in, she will grab your hands from beneath, let her
shut the door and guide you.

7_ She will bring you to the last room they were in, and grant you your
vision.

8_ When she’s gone, destroy the plate and extinguish the candle. Don’t
tell anything what you’ve witnessed.

Never break the RULES and follow each step accordingly. Don’t try
something stupid. We don’t know what happens when she’s raged.”

This piece of paper was taped on a public restroom mirror at the gas
station near my house. I looked around, no one was there. Just me in the
dark, smelly and dirty restroom. The buzzing sound of the fluorescent
lights and the leaking faucet next to me was the only things I could
hear.

I wasn’t able to contact my mother in the past three days. I don’t know
if I should tell someone because this happens quite often. She vanishes
without telling a single soul for a couple of days, and then reappears
spontaneously. This time, however, I have a weird feeling about it.

Although as bizarre as it sounds, “seeing one memory that doesn’t belong
to me” could help me find her. This “game” sounds pretty insane, and
probably shouldn’t be “played”. But…

The rusty old door suddenly swung open by a stranger with loud bang. I
shoved the paper in my left pocket and washed my hands. Upon exiting,
there wasn’t any paper towel left in the machine, of course. I quickly
bought the stuff I needed and started heading home with my still
dripping wet hands.

I pulled out the paper as I started walking down the narrow pavement.
“Don’t decide on your own, follow her and she’ll let you see what you
desire to see.” First of all, what on earth is that supposed to mean and
who the hell is she? An old witch holding mischievous potions, or some
fortune teller with a magical crystal ball in her hands? Not a single
mention of a name either, just a she. It sounds pretty creepy but also
very demanding to a stupid horror fan like myself. I don’t usually
believe in these types of shenanginans. Because, let’s be honest who
actually does? This “masterpiece” was probably written by a 15-year-old
boy who has nothing to do in his free time.

Now, coming to the more obvious question: Do I try it? Does this ritual
make me witness my mom’s latest memory? Is it going to give me an idea
of where she could be? Or just any memory? Or perhaps all memories?
Well, that is if it actually works. Ugh- what am I even thinking, of
course it’s not real! I sighed loudly as I looked down on the paper one
more time.

Just as I was about to let go of the paper, I saw our neighbor walking
the other way. She looked presumably in a rush. When she finally saw me,
we exchanged a quick and awkward glance for a second as she disappeared
out of my sight.

That’s when I realized I’d walked to my house in under 10 minutes. I
checked my phone to see not a single notification or call from mom, or
anyone else. It was 5.54 P.M. the sun was setting and a gentle breeze
hit my face. It was nice, perfect to breathe in. Last few days were more
on the colder side, not as bad as winter yet though. Unfortunately this
part of the year lasted so short. That is fall to you, burning hot for
the first weeks, just a handful of days with decent and warmer weather
before winter hits.

I twisted the lock and pushed the door open. The house felt warmer, a
bit more comforting. The last bits of sunshine were about to fade as I
stared at nothingness. I felt the ashes of nostalgia burning in me,
slowly turning into emptiness then melancholy and loneliness. My mom? No
idea where she is. My siblings? Left us long ago. And the familiar
feeling of just home? Nonexistent. Uh. Just…

…

I cooked and ate everything in the blink of an eye. The next thing I
knew, I was staring at the TV with the empty bowl on my lap, my eyes
barely open. Darkness has settled down on the city, the TV being the
only visible light source left. Sleep was begging right outside my door,
desperate to get in. I had no intentions to keep it outside. A love-hate
relationship, I would call it perhaps. Reality faded before I even
realized. Calmness slowly invaded my brain, the weight of stress
gradually lifting off me. Finally sleep swallowed me whole.

…

“One last chance, please!” He begged and begged. The girl didn’t think
twice, didn’t even look at his face and left. 11.47 P.M. The commercials
then took the place of the classic dramatic movie. It was an old one,
I’ve watched it a couple of times already. The classic romance movie I’m
pretty sure you’ve heard of. “Beside the Candle.”

I pulled myself off the sofa, yawning wide. Made my way to the kitchen,
with the bowl still in my hands. No way I would wash it now. I was
heading back to my bedroom but…

“crunch!”

The piece of paper was on the ground, from the gas station. I went from
sleepy to wide awake in a blink. The writings, the rules, the game… I
picked it up. “When the clock hits midnight, make sure all the lights
are turned off.” I checked my phone, now it was 11.53 P.M. Should I do
it? Most definitely not. But my mom, she… I read it again. It must show
me a memory of mom, a clue about where she is. “One memory from the past
that does not belong to you.”

It’s 11.58 P.M. I had everything ready, the plate, the candle, the
match. I closed my eyes, took a shaky deep breath and waited. “What if
it doesn’t work?” “What if she doesn’t come?” “What if I see a
disturbing memory?” “What if…”

I lit the candle and opened the door. The plate was in my hands. Right
after the candle started burning, a chilling breeze swept past me,
flickering the candle. A set of dark blue eyes appeared in front of me,
making me involuntarily jerk back. SHE was here. Her incredibly cold
hands, holding mine from beneath. The candlelight turned a dark shade of
blue, exactly the same as her flamy eyes. The door was shut with a
powerful bang.

Her face wasn’t visible, just her eyes and the white hat she was
wearing. It resembled a witch’s hat, so wide it nearly poked the candle.
The room was getting colder and darker. I couldn’t see past a meter, as
if a dark black sphere was surrounding us. And it was dead silent for a
moment. My heart was pounding so rapidly I thought it’d jump out of my
chest. Then her head tilted, I saw the creepiest smile I’ve ever seen in
my life. A shiver ran down my spine, making me tremble.

She began slowly walking backwards, the sharp heels of her shoes
scraping the floor with an irritating sound. Her movements were precise,
no sign of hesitation nor uncertainty. Her eyes filled with
determination. She was also humming a melody, a classic I suppose.

As we were walking, I heard something rattling. It had to be the washer.
I tried to make out what direction it was coming from. I think we were
in the hallway, going to my mom’s room. Suddenly, she paused. I lost my
balance, nearly crashing down on the plate. My chin touched the candle,
the heat burning my skin. I managed to pull myself back with a hiss. The
pain was sharp, like a thousand needles piercing my skin.

Even before I could react properly, we started walking again, this time
faster. The pain was bearable, I regained my balance quickly. As we got
closer to the room, the candlelight grew bigger and bigger, her eyes
burned stronger and stronger.

She stopped again, I wasn’t caught off guard this time. We were here, my
mom’s room. I could feel it. She looked at me one last time, before
bowing her head and setting her hat ablaze. She squeezed my hands and
mumbled:

“The unknown speaks once more,

You shall see what we swore.”

And with that, I was in my mom’s car. On an unfamiliar road, in the
middle of nowhere. My mom was on the phone, talking to someone from her
job.

+ Yes I am on my way, 3 hours max. Please hold on.

‐ 3 hours? What the hell are we supposed to do until that!? Are you
kidding me?

+ I can’t teleport for God’s sake! Find a way.

She was out of town for a job meeting? What was so important? And most
importantly, why wasn’t she answering her phone, she clearly had it with
her. Did it die?

+OKAY! I’m going over the speed limit, it shouldn’t take that long.

-Good to hear, hurry.

The car accelerated faster and faster, 120 km/h. My mom was sweating,
there was a delicious smell coming from the back. I looked back at the
back seat. At the corner was a paper bag, takeout food. And my favorite.
Was she going to bring these to me? When I looked back at mom, I saw a
terrified look on her face. She screamed loudly as I felt gravity lose
its grip on me. The car had flown off the road, the road meters away
from us. The last thing I saw was a beautiful sea lying beneath.

“MOM!”

I screamed as loudly as I could, but the vision had disapeared. I was
back at the house, just standing in the middle of mom’s bedroom. I
couldn’t move, not after seeing this. The lady vanished after her
burning hat completely turned into ash. The ashes hit the ground, so did
the plate. It shattered into pieces and shards went flying everywhere.
The candle has also extinguished.

I looked up and saw my reflection on the mirror. My hands and feet were
frozen. I wanted to move but couldn’t. I just stared at the reflection,
my brain going numb. Maybe, maybe this was all a dream, no? No.
