Bugs.

Love em, hate em. Better get used to them. Because soon we’ll be eating
bugs for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Deep fried, baked, barbecued,
covered in chocolate or fresh off the grill. And not just those plump,
juicy bugs either. Nope. I’m talking cockroaches, maggots, slugs, worms
and snails, although I suppose some of you already eat snails, plus bugs
that don’t even exist yet.

How do I know this? Simple. I’ve been shown the future. But I’m just a
teenager, right? What do I know?I’ll tell you what I know, and you’d be
wise to take heed. A great change is upon us. Except, there’s nothing
great about it. Horrific is more like it. Damnation, perhaps. In fact,
our fate is so gruesome, I feel obligated to warn others, just as I’ve
been warned. Take it or leave it, it’s up to you.

The warnings arrived shortly after Dad left. I was seven. Lucky me. Over
the years, Mom rarely spoke of Dad, and the few times I saw him, he
seemed worried, like the weight of the world was resting upon his
shoulders. Looking back, I can see why. Turns out, he knew things.
Terrible things.

BEWARE THE BUGS <&>

This was typed neatly on a note, and left in my lunch bag, jammed
between two bologna sandwiches. As you can imagine, I freaked out.

“Bugs?” my mind went berserk. “What bugs? I don’t see any bugs!”

I scavenged through my lunch, searching for bugs, destroying the food in
the process. Needless to say, I didn’t eat that day. Instead, I went
home hangry (hungry and angry), demanding answers from my unsuspecting
mother, who threatened to call the school. Clearly, she had nothing to
do with the note. We don’t even own a printer.

The next time it happened I was playing in the sandbox with Lyla, who
lived in the unit next to us. Lyla ran home for some snacks. I followed
her, giving her specific instructions on what cookies I preferred. She
pushed me away, saying I was being annoying. Ouch. When I returned to
the sandbox, something was scribbled in the sand:

BEWARE THE BUGS <&>

My blood ran cold, my fists clenched into tiny balls of fury. Someone
was lurking in the sandbox. But who? I looked everywhere, sure it was
Buster, the local bully. But Buster was nowhere to be found. Neither was
anyone else.

BEWARE THE BUGS <&>

What did it mean? While searching the sandbox for crawling critters,
Lyla returned, and handed me a Freezie. Then she jumped inside the
sandbox, ruining the message. I almost confided in her. It was on the
tip of my tongue. But I never did. Even at age eight, I knew this topic
was taboo.

By the time I reached middle school, the frequency of the warnings
increased. Something I wasn’t prepared for. Deep down, I figured they’d
stop once I reached my teens, thinking they were a figment of my
overzealous imagination. If only this were true.One morning, for
instance, I awoke to find a crisp, folded piece of paper placed neatly
on my dresser. My heart fell to the floor. Someone had been lurking in
my bedroom in the wee hours of the night. Someone or something.
Cautiously, I crept along the creaky floor, toward the note. Then, I
gasped.

BEWARE THE BUGS <&>

Unlike the previous warnings, this one provided a photograph: Filthy
bugs, greenish-black, with alien antennas and little legs for crawling.
I’d never seen such sickly creatures, with their beady eyes and silver
wings. They were so gross, I scurried to the washroom and vomited.From
then on, my life was riddled with anxiety. I even told my mother, who
laughed and called me names. When I persisted, she threatened to take me
to the doctor, whom I feared more than the bugs. Scared but undeterred,
I stuffed the paper into a binder, and shoved it deep inside my
closet.Not long later, it happened again.I’d come home from school,
fatally exhausted and needing a nap, when I discovered the note hidden
underneath my pillow:

BEWARE THE BUGS <&>

Again, a picture was provided. These bugs seemed otherworldly, with
their speckled eyes, sharp-looking shells, and skeletal wings; they had
long antennas that twisted tightly at the tips, like springs on a Pogo
stick. Whatever they were, I didn’t trust them. What troubled me most
were their claws, which could tear your eyeballs from their
sockets.Questions crowded my inquisitive mind. Like, who put them there?
And why? I was terrified. I longed for my mother to call the police. But
she was too busy doing whatever it is adults do. So, I put the paper
into the binder. Then I tried to nap, which didn’t go well. When sleep
finally came, I was bombarded with nightmares; bugs as big as baseballs
crawling across my soft skin, scampering inside my nostrils, worming
into my brain. I woke up screaming.

Sometime around Christmas, I got a surprise visit from my father, who
came bearing gifts. I was thrilled. Underneath a stack of video games
was a smattering of books. Being thirteen, I tossed the books aside, and
went straight for the video games. It wasn’t until recently that I
discovered the significance of those books. Dad, who looked older than
his years, treated us to tacos, and stayed the night. When I woke up, he
was gone.

That was the last time I saw my father.High school was hell on earth.
The other kids didn’t like me. They still don’t. To be fair, my high
school career got off to a rough start. During week one, I was surprised
by another warning: A bag full of bugs. Most were dead, but some of them
were still alive, making crunching noises, which gave me the creeps. So
much so, I puked all over my books. Oh, how the kids teased me. That’s
when I finally reached out and told Lyla. Big mistake. For her, this was
the final straw. Our friendship was over. I won’t go into detail, but by
then she was hanging out with the Cool Crowd, leaving me alone to fend
for myself.

The warnings persisted; sometimes as random texts, or secretly-placed
notes where only I’d discover them. Once, I stepped out of the shower,
and BEWARE THE BUGS <&> was scribbled on the steamy glass mirror. I
shrieked. For starters, Mom wasn’t home. I was alone. Not only that, the
bathroom door was locked.

“Hello?” I called out, stupidly, not expecting an answer. Still, I
tip-toed across the apartment, sure I’d find the culprit. I didn’t, of
course, and soon gave up trying.Although I was growing increasingly
anxious, never once did I question my own sanity. You see, these
warnings were real. Real as rain. Instead, I found solstice in video
games. Anything to take my mind off those buggish warnings. This worked
for a while. Kinda. Then something happened that changed everything.
That day was December 31, 2022.

My mother threw a New Year’s Eve party, inviting all of her friends. I
stayed up with them, emceeing the party, until I got bored. Watching
adults getting drunk and belligerent is not my idea of a good time.
Thus, I retreated to the confines of my bedroom, where another warning
was lurking.

On my bed was the black book my father had given me some years earlier.
It was open. The page showed a swarm of bugs, each varying in size and
shape. Apparently, it was an encyclopaedia of sorts, dedicated solely to
bugs. As I flipped through the glossy pages, grossed out by the plethora
of bugs, something came over me: A knowing. This book wasn’t from our
time. It was from the future. I checked the publishing date. Just as I
suspected: 2056.

My head hit the ceiling. My mind went numb. I must’ve blacked out,
because I awoke sometime later, just in time for the countdown. Mother
and her friends were pretty lit by then, and forced me out of bed.
Afterwards, when I returned to my bedroom, two more books awaited me.
One was paper thin; the other, a paperback.My hands trembled as I
flipped through the skinny book, my eyes jumping from their sockets.
This wasn’t a book. It was a menu. A menu for eating bugs. In it, I
read:

Grasshopper Salad: $33.99. Chocolate-covered Bed Bugs: 36.99. Cockroach
Cargo: $67.99. Beer Battered Blood Suckers: $69.99, A DEAL!!!I gagged.
This couldn’t be true. But there it was. I felt hot and cold at the same
time. My palms were sweaty, my mouth desert-dry. At the back of the menu
was a brief description of the so-called restaurant. I tried reading it,
but I had to put it down. My mind couldn’t handle it. Nor could my
stomach. Besides, the other book was taunting me, with its orange cover,
declaring two-o’clock. The book was The Time Traveler’s Almanac.

Time travel? What does time traveling have to do with anything?

I riffled through the book at once. To my surprise, my father’s
signature was on the inside, along with a note:

Best of luck, Zack!

Hope these books don’t BUG you 😉

Love eternal,Dad

I nearly fainted. Everything suddenly made sense: My father was a time
traveler. No wonder he was so mysterious. And old. He was trying to warn
me. I wished he’d just pull me aside and told me. But then again, how
does one confess such monstrosities?

I sent my father a series of emails, asking for more information. My
emails remained unanswered, until recently, when he replied with a pair
of articles, published July 9, 2042:

BUGS ARE DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS; followed by: ARE BUGS THE NEW
GOURMET?

The article scared me stupid. I’m still scared. Upon much consideration,
I’ve decided not to disclose too much information. You see, I’m stuck
between wanting to warn the public…more like shake them to the core…and
not wanting to alter history. It’s a paradox. One I could do without,
thank-you-very-much.I will say this: I fear for our world. Why? Because
we’re on the brink of starvation. In the not-so-distant future, healthy
food will be as sparse as gold nuggets. Something bad is on the horizon.
Farmlands across the world will perish. Drought, famine, you name it.
It’s coming. Soon we’ll be forced to eat…you guessed it…BUGS.

That’s not the worse part. There’s more.Just yesterday, my father sent
another stark warning: A news article from 2083. Apparently, a bug-based
diet has unexpected consequences: Human beings are mutating. Our average
IQ has plummeted. We’ve become slobbering idiots. Plus, we’re growing
tentacles and other abnormalities.

Sorry, I wish this weren’t true. But it is. That’s why I’m giving you
this warning. If only I was older, with more resources, maybe I could
put a stop to this. But I’ve just turned seventeen. I’ve still got
another year of high school. So, with a heavy heart, I’ll leave you with
one final warning, same one I’ve been given time and time again:

BEWARE THE BUGS
