“Was it the British again?”

“Were you hurt Mr. Vice President?”

I recall it started with a flurry of flashes and frantic mics clamouring
for the wiry-haired man restrained in a hospital bed screeching on the
Nine O’Clock News.

“These people are turning my men, my family! I decide who I choose to
side with, this isn’t some banana state! When the evidence is clear, I’m
telling you, I’ll have a nice story for you. My old friends out there,
you’ll read about yourselves in all–”

I watched as the Director slammed down the remote and slowly turned to
sternly face the room, addressing us around the table like kids in
detention.

“That’s Mr. Petrović the day before yesterday. Some of you on the
Serbian desks have watched him closely over the decades. An irritation
before taking power, a problem while in power, and a disaster for us
when he never left power. He’s writing a book about our agency’s history
in Yugoslavia – he’s gonna name names…”

I shifted uncomfortably, gazing over to my right in time to see my
assistant’s knees trembling unapologetically under the table.

“… this interview - I’ll make the tape available for anyone who wants
it - goes on to claim he’s been approached to turn. He says it’s us. He
says he’s got proof. Our Prime Minister wants to know if there’s any
shred of truth in this accusation. I’ve already assured him there’s
nobody so reckless on my senior staff, not with another war on the
horizon…”

Soon as the emergency all-hands were over, I found myself lunging
straight into the men’s room. Turning the knob to warm and steamy water,
I started dousing my face just as Nicholas limped in with crutches.

Phew… Deep breaths…

It had been too long since I’d last checked my reflection in the mirror,
and I wasn’t about to betray my distress in front of my new assistant
and, bitterly, now brother-in-law.

“Someone tried the turn… tried. And failed. Was this Crossgate?” I
enquired.

The ‘turn’ was the agency’s age-old practice of enticing, eliciting
and/or extorting second-rate presidential candidates to become our eyes
and ears in exchange for covert campaigns to place them on the throne.
Crossgate had been shortlisted as its post-Cold War successor as a
strictly tabletop exercise of my wargaming assignment.

“You’re asking me a direct question… sir? Thought you were never going
to do that,” Nicholas whispered.

The biggest regret of my rollercoaster career wasn’t failing to turn
Petrović while he was still a mere Minister of Foreign Affairs, no, it
was bringing along my foolish sister Claire last Christmas to the
after-work party.

Despite my protestation, there was no stopping her from swooning after
the man now trembling besides the washbasin, who so closely resembled
our absent father. Elektra complex. Daddy issues.

As my eyes furrowed shrewdly, Nicholas relented. “Rumour is the Russians
got to him first.”

“And you didn’t tell me this before?”

“You never wanted to before-”

“You never made a mistake before!”

Nicholas had always been a slimy bat. Rocketing through the ranks of our
agency in record time (allegedly, blackmailing each of his superiors) it
was only a matter of time before he went after my job. It didn’t help
that the Director showed an unnatural affinity for him.

As if Petrović would acquiesce his reign and ideology for this weasel.

“Lemme get this straight Nicky boy, I granted you autonomy of
Crossgate’s biosecurity programme to bypass parliament, not bypass my
say-so,” I snapped as my blood started to boil. “Pull the interview
tape, I want all technicians working on this rumour of yours.”

Perhaps one-upping my career-stalling move by targeting the ageing
communist was his idea of relinquishing me of Section Chief title in
Southeast Europe.

“Already have, sir. Look, just below the chin.”

As Nicholas pulled out his phone and enhanced the screenshot of
Petrović’s wrinkled face, I stared at a pair of elongated red dots that
were oddly familiar. Abruptly, an ancient trauma churned my stomach.

“Lead analyst thinks it’s a new strain of liquid hallucinogen. Kind that
alters and commandeers the subject by whoever delivered what looks to be
syringe shots.”

The dots stared back mockingly as I felt time itself dilate to eternity.
It was only when the phone rang that I heard the bristling of my
assistant taking leave.

“Ta. Time for Claire’s medication,” Nicholas remarked, dismissing the
alarm. “Will keep you posted, soon as the techs let me know. And you
might want to turn the tap off. Sir.”

I had forgotten about the steamy water now overflowing the basin. I had
to squint my eyes to catch Nicholas leaving the bathroom. Well, at least
I saw the door shutting in the reflection, for the mirrors had fogged up
but for a patchy spot in the corner.

The echoing emptiness combined with the elevated humidity gave rise to a
sudden sense of hyper-focus which had oft been my saving grace in urgent
matters.

Where had I seen those dots before… Oh.

Claire had been sick, ever since our father disappeared that fateful
summer. Mother and I were off to tour yet another boarding school
against my protests, leaving my sister behind to care for our ailing
father whose face and legs had turned pale, rendered useless by multiple
sclerosis.

By the time we drove back home, Claire was bawling her eyes out,
uncontrollably screaming about a big black bird, blood running down
freely from two puncture marks on her calf.

Police suspected a burglary gone wrong – though nothing was amiss
barring my father. Dear mother, in her delirious frenzy, theorised he
had been faking his illness, concocting an elaborate crime scene to jet
off with our neighbour, a much younger woman who had disappeared that
very same day. Whatever had taken place, no amount of forced therapy
could treat Claire’s trauma, and she habitually forgot her
anti-psychotics.

“Quite the sauna you’re running,” boomed the Director as he strolled
into the bathroom.

“Sorry, I’ll clear it up,” I murmured, frantically wiping at the mirror
with my handkerchief.

“Petrović has just passed away. Bacterial infection.”

I froze. I saw. Or rather, it’s what I didn’t see: the now crystal glass
surface reflected my look of shock and confusion, markedly at the
absence of the Director’s reflection.

“Sir… I… You don’t think…”

“Good riddance I say this marks a new beginning in British-Serbian
relations, don’t you think?”

I never ran so fast out of the bathroom before. In fact, I never ran so
fast down the corridor, not knowing where I was heading, until I knocked
down a mountain of floating papers that protested in anger.

“Are you blind as a bat? What’s going on?”

Stooping down to help the harried woman sprawled against the office
printer, I vaguely registered this was Nicholas’ previous task manager.

“Apologies! Margaret, from counterintelligence, isn’t it? Terribly good
explanation for this, I’m going to sound batshit crazy-“

Just under her left eye, the same two-dot pattern was faintly visible
under the fluorescent lighting. Scrambling to push myself off the floor,
I jolted backwards upon seeing the reflection, or partial lack thereof,
against the printer’s acrylic surface.

Just me? Where’s Margaret!?

Only when I sprinted out of the security turnstiles did I allow myself
to catch my breath. My mind was racing at 10,000 miles per hour, trying
in vain to process what was going on.

Must be Nicholas’ doing! Some kind of psychedelic aerosols released
during our encounter, surely? Is he going to drive me out mad now that
little mutiny of his has backfired splendidly?

I managed to hail a black cab straight for Claire and Nicholas’
residence, fumbling around my trench pocket to locate the concealed
folding knife, tipped with African blackwood designed to avoid alerting
metal detectors.

Straight into that weasel’s heart.

Sneaking in through the backdoor, I crept silently into the living room.
I spotted Claire sleeping on a… makeshift operating table? Catheters and
IV bags decorating her calves haphazardly notwithstanding, she seemed
unnaturally serene under sedation. Medications, my arse!

As I rushed forward, I felt a prick on the backside of my neck. I
couldn’t help but cry out as something sharp and sinister dug itself
deeper into my scruff.

“The thing about ageing,” whispered Nicholas. “I could taste the
cholesterol in Petrović, really ruined the entire experience. Old man
just wouldn’t turn. No, I needed something pure. And what can be purer
than the flesh and blood of your own brood?”

It was only then I noticed how healthy Nicholas suddenly seemed.
Certainly, he was no longer trembling his legs, no crutches in sight,
and most strikingly, his pale complexion exuded a gleaming shine like
that of a sunscreen model.

“I always knew you were special,” he continued. “Blood bonds, as Serbian
folklore goes, are thicker than water - it’s what keeps our kind young.
Only the young shall go to great lengths to please their regnant in war
and love.”

“But… no… disappear,” I mumbled, reaching instinctively into my trench
pocket.

“Our clan’s global influence shall soon surpass those wretched
reptilians – all thanks to your Crossgate, my dear boy.”

I don’t quite remember the sequence of events that blurred past in
staccato succession. There was the thrust of the blackwood blade. A
piercing screech. Bursts of light. A flurry of wings. By the time Claire
drove me to A&E, I was bawling my eyes out, uncontrollably screaming
about a big black bird, blood running down freely from two puncture
marks on my neck.

The Director visited later that evening, as I sat restrained on the
hospital bed. I made doubly sure to check my bedside mirror and let out
a deep sigh of relief when his unmistakably stern but soft features
stared back at me.

Claire looks healthier than ever but tells me she’s worried sick about
Nicholas’ absence – cameras never captured his departure from work. Yet
neither she nor the Director seemed to believe my version of what
happened, their eyes betraying pity and confusion as I recounted my
accusations.

But I’m telling you, when the evidence is clear, I’ll have a nice story
for you both.
