I get sick pretty often. So much so that my friends always made fun of
me saying the hospital gave me a rewards card; it’s just a frequent
visitor card to make life easier for me when I do end up going.
Throughout the years I’ve developed this irrational fear that I could
get sick from absolutely anything and therefore am irrefutably ill. I
feel a shiver walk down my spine and I have a fever, I cough once and I
have cancer. That’s just how my mind works, sometimes I feel like I
think about being sick so strongly that I end up manifesting it to
reality.

As you can imagine, I end up self-diagnosing myself despite my
astounding zero understanding of anything medical and scientific. To my
credit I get it right most of the time, that or Ibuprofen covers
practically all the diseases I think I have. However, I would like to
make a confession here, one that might sound a little far-fetched but I
need you to understand that I get my sicknesses right all of the time. I
did some research and I think I have what is known as “DID” or
“Dissociative Identity Disorder”. I know it sounds crazy, at least
that’s what my friends seemed to think, but I have my reasons and I just
want someone out there to hear me out so I don’t feel crazy.

It was a few weeks ago when I first noticed it, I had that little brain
fart moment when you walk into a room and forget why you entered in the
first place. Well I walked into the kitchen, forgot why I needed to go
in, stood there for a moment and as I was leaving the room to try to
remember, my arm just swiftly grabbed the big scissors in the drawer. I
do not think a single neuron in my brain fired for me to think about
that action and yet I did it subconsciously. And what do you know, I
remembered that I needed to grab scissors for something. I somehow knew
what I needed before I knew?

The second instance was when I was on bad terms with my friend named
Nicholas (name changed for privacy). I don’t want to go into details on
what happened between me and him but I started feeling weird and
paranoid whenever we would talk. On the day where my split personality
moment happened, I remember I was in my grandmother’s house to visit and
when it came time to go home, I froze in her driveway. Again I did not
think about it, not a thought came to mind as I stood there. One foot
after another I made my way back inside and I just stayed there the
night. I didn’t even let my grandmother know I wanted to stay the night,
I just did. I found out the next day that Nicholas had broken into my
house. He had a gun on him. 

Surely, this can’t be a coincidence. Two subconscious actions that
greatly helped me. I read somewhere that sometimes a split personality
can fill in a role that you severely lack and thinking about it, I am
very aloof. I read that it is very common for a personality to serve
sort of a bodyguard role to protect the system (a system is what a
collective of different personalities is called from what I’ve
researched). I am so sure that this personality of mine is here to look
out for me. I can prove it.

Just the other day, as I was walking down the street, a police officer
stopped me and asked me if I knew Abigail (name changed for privacy), my
other friend, and if I knew where she was. Without a thought, not even a
sliver of a conscious decision, my fist threw itself square on the
officer’s face knocking him to the ground. I instantly bolted away. I
didn’t think about the consequences of punching a police officer nor the
way it would look like running away when being questioned about a dead
person because it wasn’t me who did those things, it was the bodyguard. 

I did not do those things, how could I? It was my split personality,
it’s the only thing that makes sense. How did I know that the police
officer was going to arrest me? How could I know that Nicholas was going
to be in my house waiting to kill me? How did I know that Abigail was
going to gouge my eyes out in my house? She wasn’t going in for a kiss.
Why would she? Why would anyone? She was going to kill me, she really
was. My bodyguard must have seen it, he knew. We needed her thumbs gone.
She couldn’t kill me without them. But you see it right? It makes sense.
I can’t be the only person who thinks this makes sense. It’s the only
reason why I could know these things were going to happen. It’s the only
reason why I could do what I did. I needed to protect myself so the
other me did it, I’m innocent. I’m sick.
