I found a locket in the new house we moved into. The chain is worn thin
and the silver is slightly tarnished, but the clasp still works and the
picture inside is still beautiful.

It took me a couple of months to make a friend after my parents and I
moved here.

I’d noticed Simon before. He was short and skinny. The exact kind of kid
you’d imagine getting stuffed upside down into a trash can.

I helped him out once, and he’s followed me around ever since.

I’m writing this because last night was the first time he’s come over.
And after the story he told me, I don’t want to stay in this house
anymore.

I’d left the locket on my desk after finding it beneath a creaky
floorboard.

Simon noticed it immediately.

“What’s this?”

He hopped into my chair and popped the clasp open.

“I found it this morning.”

He stood, staring at the picture.

“I know this woman. Where did you find this?”

“In my room.”

Inside was a photograph of a beautiful woman with fair skin and flowers
woven through her dark hair.

“This is Buddy’s mom.”

He held the locket out toward me.

“I can’t believe you found this. He must’ve lived here.”

I took the locket from Simon and slipped it into my nightstand.

“Who’s Buddy?”

Simon let out a puff of air and raised his brows.

“I don’t know a whole lot, only what I’ve heard others say in class.”

Buddy was a round, red-faced, motherless boy. He didn’t go to school and
had never interacted with anyone other than his Pa and his dog, also
named Buddy.

The way the story goes is that one day, Buddy, the dog, came running
from the woods with a bone in his mouth. He ran up to Buddy and dropped
it at his feet. Buddy had never seen a bone that looked like that. He
waited for his Pa to get home.

“Pa, look what Buddy brought me today.”

Pa snatched it from Buddy’s pudgy fingers.

“Keep that damn dog out of them woods, boy.”

For the next two weeks, Buddy ran into the woods, coming back with a new
bone.

Buddy didn’t tell his Pa, no. Instead, he helped his pal hide them
beneath the dirt behind the house.

“We’ll bury your bones here, boy. That way Pa doesn’t find them.”

One evening, Buddy didn’t come home.

He yelled and yelled until his voice was completely cracked.

Buddy had never gone into the woods before. Pa always warned him of
snakes and spiders and bears and even monsters lurking in the dense
trees.

Pa was working late at the mill that night, so Buddy grabbed an oil lamp
and Pa’s gun.

The woods weren’t honest. The leaves and branches were so thick, not
even the sunset pierced through them.

Buddy yelled for his dog, holding the lantern in front of him.

He stumbled over roots, falling more than once and covering himself in
dirt. There was no telling how long he’d been out there, but the oil in
the lamp was depleting and the flame was growing smaller and smaller.

“Buddy! Please come here, boy!”

Something caught his foot and he fell, smashing the oil lamp.

The sun had finally set, but the moon still hung in the sky, cascading a
sliver of white light through a break in the trees.

Buddy stood, dusting leaves from his body when he realized that it
wasn’t a thick root that made him lose his footing. It was a pile of
bones.

He knelt down, sifting through them.

“Are these your bones, boy?”

A twig snapped behind him and Buddy came barreling through the darkness,
toppling Buddy to the ground again.

“There you are, boy!”

His pal laid down next to the pile of bones and whimpered.

He had thought he got hurt on his little adventure, but there were no
wounds, no cuts or blood, but Buddy kept whimpering.

Finally, his dog started pawing at the ground. Digging and digging until
he pulled out something long and shiny.

Dark hair had knotted around the chain, leaving only the shiny locket
exposed.

Buddy grabbed it and stuffed it in his pocket.

They walked through the dark woods, Buddy guiding them both through the
clearing, their cabin coming into view. Along with Pa’s old truck.

“Where you been, boy?”

Buddy trotted up to his Pa, reaching his hand in his pocket.

“What did I tell you about going in them woods?”

A thick, callused hand struck across Buddy’s face.

His dog lunged at Pa, its muzzle wrapping around his arm.

“Buddy, no!”

But it was too late. Pa grabbed his gun from Buddy’s hand and shot a
bullet in his pal’s head.

“There’s something wrong with them woods! I told you that! Now look what
you done did!”

Buddy buried him behind the house with his bones.

He had forgotten about the locket after hiding it beneath the
floorboards. He was afraid Pa would find it.

One evening, he sat awake, staring out the window that overlooked the
woods.

His pal would go out there almost every day, maybe he could go and feel…
something.

So he grabbed an oil lamp and silently slipped out the house, being sure
not to wake Pa.

He walked into the woods much more easily this time, keeping track of
the path Buddy had led them through, and before he knew it, he was at
the bones.

He knelt down and picked one up.

“I’ll bring all these bones back for you, Buddy.”

For the next two nights, Buddy went into the woods while Pa slept,
carrying as many bones as he could. He dug up Buddy’s grave, laying them
neatly beside him.

“Here you go, boy.”

On the third night, he went back without the oil lamp this time.

Buddy had grabbed most of the bones by now so this was to be his last
trip.

He knelt down, picking up what was left.

All the bones in Buddy’s hole were long and straight. They looked like
bones he’d seen before, but these didn’t look like an animal.

He reached into the hole and pulled out a skull. Then hands. Then feet.

“Your Ma was the most beautiful woman I’d ever seen.”

Buddy jumped, dropping the skull, its jaw unhinging and breaking into
two pieces.

“I loved her more than anything, but she didn’t want me.”

Pa knelt down next to Buddy.

“There’s a locket somewhere over here. She gave it to me when we first
married, but I know she wanted it to belong to my brother. You look like
him, ya know.”

Pa knelt in silence before standing.

“I found that little bone pyre behind the house. Thought maybe you were
just collecting bones for Buddy, but now you know my little secret. You
trying to lay your Ma to rest?”

Buddy stood up too dumb to understand what was happening.

“These are Buddy’s bones, Pa. I want to give him something to play with
while he’s in heaven with Ma.”

Pa stood, grabbing Buddy by the neck.

“That little whore is burning in hell!”

They say he didn’t want Buddy to tell his secret. That he wasn’t his son
anyway. He thought he was a saint, housing and feeding the child of
another man. Justifying it in every way that he could.

It was exactly one year later when they found Pa dead in his house. His
head, hands, and feet were missing. They never found who’d done it, but
the town talked.

I tossed and turned all night after Simon left.

His story burned a cavernous hole in my skull where it would forever
lie.

And when I woke up this morning and pulled the locket from my
nightstand, it looked different this time.

The chain was wrapped in hair.
