This has been a lifelong question about my life, so I joined Reddit just
to ask it! So I broke my shoulder when I was about 6/7…. With no memory
of it!!! My dad said I was sleep walking and he saw me and put me on the
bunk bed ladder (I slept on the top bunk) and that I fell backwards off
the ladder! He said he thought I was faking the sleep walking so he put
me on the ladder… Mind you I am not a sleep walker I have never done it
in my life. I did not even wake up after allegedly falling off the
ladder and breaking my shoulder.

All I remember is waking up tossing and turning in bed later that night
as my shoulder was hurting, but fell back asleep. It gets weirder. The
next morning when I woke up, I could not even sit up to get out of bed.
My dad had to remove the whole railing on the side of the bed. He tried
to pick me off the top bunk, but could not do so alone, so he called my
uncle and together they lifted me off the top bunk. So if my dad
couldn’t get me off the bed alone, then how did I get up there?!? The
day went on and my dad did not take me to the hospital, and I was
walking around with absolutely no idea that my shoulder was even broken!
About a week later, my mom picked me up from school (I did not live with
her) and she immediately noticed that my whole arm was blue and took me
to the hospital where they said I had a broken shoulder.

I am now 25 and the story has always been fishy to me. I have asked my
dad many times throughout my life what happened as it makes no sense to
me. He has told me different versions of the story. Last night, we were
talking about it and I asked him was I really sleepwalking do you
promise? And he said he doesn’t remember exactly what happened. My dad
is a good person as far as I know but the story is very concerning to me
and he doesn’t like when I bring it up and his answers and reactions to
my questions are very suspicious. How does one break a bone and not wake
up? Please if anyone has any explanations I would love to hear them, or
do you think my dad is telling the truth? It is a big question I would
love to know the answer to. Thank you!!

Edit:
It is also the only bone I have ever broken.
I do not think I broke it while awake. I remember mostly everything
about my whole life. I remember the whole aftermath of the next morning
to my mom’s reaction to seeing my arm to being at the hospital, and all
the details. I think I would know I broke a bone if it happened while I
was conscious, or at least be in pain. I would know. It must have
happened while I was unconscious. I have never taken medications (which
could have explained not waking up) and I do not have any medical
conditions. Can someone sleep walk just one time and never again? And if
not what could have happened. I just do not understand. And may never
know which is chilling
