I never thought I’d be the type to join a fraternity. All the movies and
stories and general stigma led me to believe that they were just big
houses full of rich kids paying for drinking buddies.

Didn’t seem like it was for me. Then I wound up being the only guy in my
high school friend group to be denied by our chase school.

I found myself at a subpar state university, all alone and ready to pay
for some friends.

I knew all the stereotypes when I started rushing. The tall tales of
douchebag frat guys making pledges do naked pushups in the middle of the
quad or recite poems with a beer bong up their ass. I didn’t think too
much of it.

Figured it was a small price to pay for a guaranteed social circle, and
I’d be fine with anything they might throw my way, as long as none of it
involved cramped spaces. I never considered myself squeamish or a
lightweight, but I’m horribly claustrophobic.

I made it through the rush process with no issue, made quick friends
with the other prospects and charmed many of the members. The first few
weeks of pledging were nothing to write home about either.

There were late nights of binge drinking and unnecessary physical labor,
all of the standard hazing shit I expected. They made us do bows and
toes and memorize passages of the chapter’s history and wear coordinated
outfits to all our classes one week while they randomly threw water
balloons at us. One guy had to drink a beer from a shoe. Mostly
harmless, depending on who’s asking.

Many of the older members took a liking to me right away. They’d still
bark at me to bring them drinks and stuff, but I could tell there was a
fondness behind it.

It was all going smoothly. I fit right in.

One night, I got a knock on my dorm room door at 11pm on the dot. A
polite and unassuming rap of knuckles, but I had a good idea what it
was.

I threw on a t-shirt and instinctively started lacing up a pair of
sneakers. My roommate stirred awake, shooting me a groggy eyebrow. I
smiled coyly at him as I opened the door, and immediately caught a flick
to the nuts.

Three guys in rubber Obama masks pushed past me, hooting and hollering
as they went about tearing my side of the room apart. One of them
laughed and pointed down at my shoes.

“We got a smart guy!” he shouted.

The other two swooped in behind me, locking my arms behind my back with
theirs. He leaned in close enough for me to smell the whiskey on his
breath, and chuckled.

“You’re gonna be fine without those.”

They wrestled the shoes off my feet, and marched me straight down the
hall. Didn’t even let me grab my phone. They fully swept me off my feet,
through the door to the stairwell, and carried me down to street level.

Outside, the air was crisp and cold. Midwest December can be brutal,
especially when you’re standing barefoot on the pavement in gym shorts
and a plain white tee. I tried as hard as I could to stop my teeth from
clattering. Didn’t wanna give these guys anything else to laugh at.

“Nelson’s almost here,” said a voice I recognized.

I turned to face one of the Obamas, and caught a wink from behind the
mask. It was one of the older guys that I knew had a soft spot for me.
His name was Dom. I was in good hands.

A familiar Volvo S60 bounded into the parking lot, shrill twangs of
country music from a blown-out stereo announcing its arrival. The
driver, a senior who went by Nelson, did a quick lap of the lot before
screeching to a halt in front of us.

The boys laughed and dapped him up as he jumped out of the car. He did a
little drumroll on the hood with his hands and let out a whoop, then
popped open the trunk.

It took me a second too long to realize what the plan was. One Obama
pulled out a bandana, folding it into the shape of a blindfold.

“Your chariot awaits,” Nelson said jokingly, slapping my shoulder.

“Wait,” I said, “No. Fuck no.”

The vibe turned on a head. Zac Brown continued to whine from the shitty
speakers as the guys sized me up.

“What the fuck did you just say, pledge?” 

Nelson got right up in my face, booze strong on his breath like the
others.

“I’m not getting in there. I can’t,” I said, quickly ashamed at the
sound of my voice cracking.

A couple of the guys burst out laughing. One called me a pussy.

“I’m claustrophobic man, I can’t do small spaces.”

That made them laugh even harder.

“Oh, you gotta be fuckin’ kidding me,” said Nelson with a snort. He took
the opportunity to light up a cigarette.

“Train’s leavin’ the station, man,” he said with a puff of the dart,
“You can either get on or you can have a talk with Big Foot tomorrow.”

Big Foot was the president. And a “talk” with him as a pledge could only
mean one thing: you were out.

My heart rose fast in my chest, cheeks flushing with frustration and
cold. Dom clapped a hand on my shoulder, leaned in close to my ear.

“Look man, it’s only gonna be a couple minutes,” he mumbled, “We’re just
going up to the trail for a bonfire. Fighting’s just gonna make it
worse. It’ll be over before you know it.”

I quickly weighed my options. A bonfire at the end of the semester
likely meant a ceremony. A ceremony likely meant initiation. The end of
pledgeship.
I was right at the finish line. Was I really gonna let a couple miles in
a trunk throw away all the work I put in already?

I locked eyes with Dom. My brother-to-be.

Fuck that noise.

“Fuck it,” I said, “I’ll do it.”

Dom ruffled my hair. Nelson just rolled his eyes and flicked the
cigarette away. The other two started giggling again. By then I was
pretty sure one of them was this guy Andrew.

Andrew roughly slid the blindfold over my face, and led me around to the
back of the car. I didn’t get a good look at the trunk from beneath the
folds of the bandana, but it was gonna be a tight squeeze.

I tried to steady my breath, and my hands were yanked behind my back
once more. I heard the unmistakable sound of duct tape being ripped from
its roll, and felt someone spin it round and round my wrists, binding
them a little too tightly.

The air was full of snickers as they hoisted me off my feet and guided
me into the trunk. I’m not the tallest guy in the world, but I had to
bend my knees a fair amount as I went in, and ended up having to tilt my
head down until my chin touched my chest.

My breath quickened. Car doors opened and slammed shut. I heard all four
of the guys squeeze into their seats. One cracked a beer.

“Buckle up buttercup,” I heard Nelson call out from the front seat,
“We’re already late.”

My head bumped into the side of the trunk as Nelson cranked up the
stereo and laid on the gas.

Empty cans and camping gear rolled around the trunk with me. A chorus of
laughter rang out with each pothole, surely hit intentionally.

The whole time I kept my fists balled and eyes clamped shut behind the
blindfold. I counted to myself, to one-hundred, over and over.

Minutes passed. Eventually we hit a sharp turn, and I heard the texture
of the road beneath us change. Gravel and dirt kicked up from the tires.
I kept counting, praying that we were close.

The path was windy, but I could tell Nelson was now navigating with a
bit more care. Less intentional jerks of the wheel. The guys sang along
to the classics and burped and laughed, but after a while the laughter
died down.

I didn’t bother trying to ask what was up. I knew that in these
situations, it’s best to minimize yourself as much as possible.

“What the fuck man…” Andrew’s voice cut through.

“I know,” snapped Nelson, clearly annoyed. He turned the radio down.

“Are we fucking lost?” asked Dom.

“No way man,” said Nelson, easing the car to a stop, “We took a wrong
turn. It’s fine.”

A baseball bounced off the side of my head as Nelson hit a K-turn, and
set off back the way we came.

I knew this routine. Drive around in circles, pretend to get lost, get
my nerves up before they pull me out and start fucking with me. Part of
me wondered if we’d ever left the parking lot.

The radio stayed low for longer than felt natural. Chatter and
roughhousing stopped completely. I couldn’t hear very well from the
confines of the truck, but I could tell Dom and Nelson were arguing in
hushed tones. A convincing rouse, I told myself.

“Is that a cop?”

One of the guys, the one I couldn’t ID, broke the silence with that
uneasy remark. I heard shifting around up front.

“No way dude,” said Dom, “Just be chill.”

“They’re definitely following us,” said Andrew.

“Will you shut the fuck up?” shouted Nelson, “That’s no cop.”

“They’re flashing their lights at us.”

“I can see that,” Nelson snarled.

“I think they wanna talk to us.”

“We should pull over,” Dom cut in, “We need directions.”

“God fucking damn it,” Nelson breathed to himself. He pulled off to the
side.

He cut the radio off completely, and I heard some more whispers before
one of the guys leaned in close from the other side of the backseat.

“You better stay still and keep your fucking mouth shut,” he growled at
me, “Or we’ll fucking kill you.”

I heard a car pull to a stop a ways behind us. Sounded big like a truck.
A couple pairs of feet hopped out, slamming a door on each side behind
them. They kept their engine running.

Footsteps scraped across the gravel, both pairs winding around to the
driver’s side. I heard Nelson roll down his window.

“How you doin’ tonight?” asked Nelson.

“You boys are on private property.”

The voice was such a stereotypical southern drawl that I almost started
laughing. Surely one of the boys doing their best impersonation of a
backwater redneck.

“We got lost, sorry,” said Nelson, “We’re trying to find the
campground.”

“You’re a long fuckin’ way from any campground I know of,” said the
redneck.

I heard one pair of feet start making its way around the back of the
car. Rounding the trunk, I heard them tap one of the tires with their
boot.

I started counting to myself once more, as quietly as possible, wringing
my hands beneath the layers of duct tape and praying that the little
production my soon-to-be brothers were putting on would wrap up quickly.

“Our apologies,” said Nelson, slight annoyance in his voice, “We’re
heading back to the main road now.”

“How ’bout this?” said the redneck, “You boys follow us up to the ranch,
we’ll help get ya where ya need to go.”

A pause from everyone in the car.

“I’m not sure that’s necessary,” Dom spoke up, “We’re already pretty
close to where we—“

“I wasn’t askin’ boy,” the redneck shot back.

“Well hold on, wait a minute—“

“You boys are on our land. Now y’all can come on up to the ranch with
us, or we’ll wait right here an’ get some backup on the horn—“

“Are you guys cops?” Anthony butted in.

The other man laughed, now standing at the passenger’s side.

“Up here,” said the redneck, “we might as well be.”

Nelson scoffed.

“Now listen here you fuckin’ hick—

BLAM!!

My ears rang and the car shook.

I knew that sound. A gunshot. Big. Bigger than a pistol.

The car ahead of me erupted with screams.

Everything lurched to the right as the passenger-side door was ripped
open. I heard Dom struggling like he was being dragged out, and the
sha-shunk of a shotgun pump.

BLAM!!

Another shot. I head glass break. One of the guys slammed hard against
the backseat, coughing and sputtering as the other panicked and flung
open the door.

I heard his footsteps dash off down the road, and those of the redneck
steadying his aim.

BLAM!!

One more shot rang out in the night, and I heard something drop a couple
yards down the road like a sack of potatoes.

Whoever was still in the backseat sounded like they were struggling to
breathe, gargling and spitting up on the floor of the car.

I was completely dumbfounded. I didn’t yell, or speak or even think much
about what was happening. All I could do was take it in.

The wheezing subsided in the backseat, and I could more clearly hear the
sound of shoes scraping dirt from Dom’s side of the car.

He grunted like he was being choked out. The redneck’s footsteps came
around to him.

“Shut the fuck up,” he spat.

I heard a great CRACK! and the struggling ceased. Nothing left but the
low hum of engines and leaves rustling in the breeze.

“Go’n hop on the radio,” said the redneck, “Tell ‘em we’re bringin’ back
a few Sloppy Joes and a new toy.”

The other man grunted in response. I heard him lift something heavy onto
his shoulder, and set back towards their truck.

The Volvo’s engine shut off, and I heard jingling keys pulled from the
ignition. I heard the other man talking in the truck, too far to make
out anything clear.

At this point, I started to get my bearings back. I didn’t dare call
out. It had to be a prank. A big show. It just had to be.

With all the fear and adrenaline, I’m surprised I didn’t pass out on the
spot. I guess my body knew that silence was the best hope for survival,
whether it was all real or not.

Something, or someone, slumped out of the driver’s seat, got dragged
down the road and flung onto the back of the truck. Footsteps approached
and I heard broken glass fall from the window as the back door was
pulled open.

Somebody grunted as they leaned in, grabbed whoever remained in the
backseat and dragged them from the car. The door slammed shut, and they
went on the truckbed too.

Footsteps moved from the back of the truck to the front and paused. The
air sat still, and my heart raced faster than it already was.

This was it. This was the moment when they’d fling the trunk open, pull
me out and shower me with alcohol and laugh at how badly they all scared
me.

A whole group of guys were probably creeping up to the trunk right now,
staying silent as possible before the grand reveal…

I heard the truck door slam, and the engine shift into drive.

Tires scraped against dirt and the truck turned back onto the road, the
sound of the exhaust heading further up the way we had been going.

It grew distant, more and more until I could no longer hear it over the
wind.

Okay, I thought, this is officially too far.

“Okay guys!” I called out, no longer willing to face the torment with
stoic indifference, “Get me the fuck outta here, it’s fucking freezing!”

No response. The walls of the trunk swallowed my call.

“Get me out!” I screamed, “Get me the fuck out of here right fucking
now!”

There’s no way, I thought, there’s just no way.

Yes, I was still kidding myself. Still holding out hope that this was
all a joke.

After thirty minutes passed, that hope faded completely.

I’m not sure it was exactly that long. I only have a good guess because
I continued my manic counting as soon as I was sure the truck wasn’t
heading right back to get me.

Teeth clattered in my skull, goosebumps standing tall on my arms and
legs. I had no idea if the temperature was actually freezing or if I was
just that unprepared for the cold, but my fingers and toes started to
really ache after a while.

My neck was killing me, and the backs of my knees screamed to be
stretched out. I kept wriggling around, trying to get a better position,
but it was either pull my knees tighter together, or tilt my head down
even further.

Kicking the walls did nothing. Wrestling against the tape did nothing. I
pawed around in the dark for some kind of emergency release lever to the
hood of the trunk, but found none.

I pissed my pants at one point. Just couldn’t hold it any longer. At
first it felt great, warmth spreading across my gym shorts, soaking into
the front of my tee and heating my belly. But the warmth quickly faded
as the frigid air cooled the puddle. An ice-cold patch of fabric sat
heavy against my groin and stomach, chilling me even deeper.

I screamed and screamed, but to no avail. No answer. At least an hour
passed, and not even the distant sound of another car came down the
road.

I was well past the hyperventilating stage. I had shrieked until my
vocal cords felt they might rip out of my throat. My whole body shook
violently beyond control.

I managed to brush off the blindfold after only a couple minutes of
solitude, but it didn’t change anything. No light made its way into the
trunk whatsoever. It was a coffin on wheels.

I did all I could to pick away at the duct tape on my wrists, but my
fingers throbbed as if they had their own heartbeat. Their thumping was
the only sign that I hadn’t lost feeling in them completely, as I had in
my toes.

“Please,” I whispered, throat sore and scratchy, “Please come get me.
Please, please, please come get me.”

I have no idea how the hell I managed to sleep in a situation like that.
Maybe I just straight up fainted.

Either way, when I came to, I was moving.

All weight had shifted to the very end of the trunk, suggesting that the
front of the car was up in the air. I was pressed against the hatch, the
rest of the trunk’s contents piling around me.

Rear wheels turned against the road beneath me. All consciousness
returned to my mind, and all pain returned to my body. Hands and feet
were completely numb now. Muscles shrieked in agony.

But I was moving. I was being towed.

I tried calling out again, voice raspy and broken. No use. Whoever was
driving the tow truck clearly wouldn’t be able to hear me.

Tears rolled down my cheeks as we continued down the road, a good few
minutes until we stopped.

I heard some sort of buzzer from outside, and the sound of a large gate
rolling open. The truck started back up, driving over the threshold onto
gravel.

We swung around, coming finally to a full stop. I heard the engine cut
off. With a mechanical whir, the car started to shift its weight back to
normal as the towing jack lowered to the ground.

More footsteps now. A couple people coming up towards the car. I heard
mingling between them, which made me furious.

I couldn’t believe they got me all the way up on a tow truck without
finding me. The anger boiled over, and I managed to call out again.

“I’m back here,” I croaked. Just barely my normal speaking tone.

A hush fell. The footsteps stopped in their tracks. I heard mumbles
between the two.

My brain pounded in my skull. I felt inches away from passing out again.
I was just about to use the rest of my strength on one last shout, when
I heard it.

Click!

Someone popped the trunk.

At that point, I didn’t even care who it was. I didn’t care if it was a
joke or if I had overheard three murders. I just needed to be out.

The trunk swung open, and I suddenly wished it hadn’t.

Two haunting silhouettes stood against the night sky, peering down at me
in the trunk. The yellow tint of headlights somewhere in the distance
lit them from one side. Beams bounced off the convex of their eyes, and
both of their mouths peeled upwards into toothless grins.

“Holy fuckin’ shit,” said one of the men, “We got two in one night.”

My vision blurred as they yanked me from the trunk. I tried to scream in
protest but my voice was completely shot. Whatever relief I felt from my
neck and legs finally getting to stretch out was completely negated by
the pounding in my head and the complete loss of sensation in my
extremities.

They were dressed head to toe in black leather, studs and spikes poking
out from their shoulder pads and fingerless gloves. They had matching
mohawks, like a couple rough-and-tumble biker types ripped straight from
an ’80s movie.

“We gotta get this one up to the big house,” said one of my captors,
“I’ll get him warmed up once we get there, you call Jed.”

My legs buckled numbly behind me as they dragged me up a winding
footpath, towards a large plantation house set on a hill.

The dark of night and the stars dancing in front of my eyes prevented me
from getting a good look around, but I could tell there were at least
three more buildings spread out around us. This was some sort of
compound.

They pushed me through a large pair of wooden front doors, into a grand
foyer with a hanging chandelier. I got the faint sense that this used to
be a nice place, but paint peeled off old wood from years without proper
care.

The toothless men pulled me into a sitting room with a large fireplace.
They sat me up in an embroidered armchair in front of it, and one of the
men set to work getting a fire going.

“I’ll go get him,” the other said, and he stomped back out. 

A spark took in the fireplace, and the man reached out toward me as
flames started to appear.

I pulled my hands back as he reached for them, and he slapped me hard
across the face. Pain popped behind my eyes. 

He grabbed my hands at the wrist, and began ripping the duct tape away
from my blue-tinted fingers.

Once that was done, he left me alone. He didn’t seem too worried about
me leaving, and I’m sure I showed no sign of that being a possibility.

I sat by the fire in silence, too exhausted and hurt to stay terrified.
Feeling slowly came back to the tips of my fingers, and I jumped as I
heard a deep voice from behind me.

“You’ll have to excuse us while we prepare your accommodations. It ain’t
often we get two new faces on the same night.”

This voice was warmer, and slightly more distinguished than the others,
but somehow more unsettling.

I turned in my armchair, craning my neck as far as the pain would allow.

Over my shoulder, I saw a large, bearded man standing in the doorway.
His stature was gargantuan, bordering superhuman.

He wore a thick moleskin duster over a fine collared shirt and leather
pants. His face and body were round with fat, but there was no question
of an extremely muscular frame beneath it all. He looked like a giant.

“Please,” I managed to squeak out, “Please take me home.”

“Well now,” said the giant, “You may be home already, kid. We just gotta
see how you perform.”

He strode up to me in the chair, towering over my limp body as he
assessed the state of my hands and feet.

“Maybe a few toes gone, but you’ll manage,” he said, “Can ya stand?”

I stared back at him blankly, unable to form new words.

“I see,” he said, “Alrighty then.”

He scooped me out of the armchair and flung me over his shoulder with
little effort. I winced as he carried me back into the foyer.

“You might not be right enough just yet, but you at least gotta watch.”

We were back in the cold air ever so briefly, as the hulking man carried
me from one building to another. Facing backwards, I saw a few other men
emerge from the treeline behind us, following suit.

I heard the buzz of a great number of voices coming from within the new
building we were approaching. It was wide with a lofted roof, like a
summer camp mess hall.

The giant kicked open the doors in front of us, and I was suddenly awash
with the sounds of about a hundred men whooping in celebration.

“My brothers,” boomed the voice of the man carrying me, “Fortune smiles
upon us tonight.”

The crowd exploded in a cheer. The giant stepped off to one side of the
room, and flung me on the floor in the corner.

A great hall laid before me, swimming with unkempt vagrants. Rows of
long cafeteria tables, the whole scene lit by candles resting upon them
and hanging in lanterns from the ceiling above. At least a hundred men,
many sporting similar outfits and hairstyles to the ones before.

Some tables wore the same set of rubber overalls with no shirt. Others
had matching work boots and jumpsuits. There were a few different
variations of each outfit, suggesting different factions or ranks
amongst the group, but they all celebrated in unison.

A couple men in matching jumpsuits sprang on me. I didn’t even try to
fight back now, but my pulse leapt as they went to work fastening a
heavy metal collar around my neck.

“No reason to keep y’all waiting!” yelled the giant.

He lumbered through the hall towards a stage at the head of it. Up on
the stage, there was a podium. The giant took his place behind it.

“We have two new arrivals on this fine evenin’,” he shouted out to the
crowd, “One for us, and one for the Dugout.”

I felt every eye shoot back towards my corner of the room. A hundred
pairs of pupils danced in the candlelight.

I heard the clattering of chains around me. One of the men handling me
fastened the end of a heavy, metal chain to the front of my collar,
while the other clasped iron cuffs around my wrists. They looped the
chain between them.

I looked to my right, and my stomach sank when I saw the only pair of
eyes in the room that I recognized.
Dom sat on the floor beside me, neck and wrists chained together like
mine.

His eyes were wide with fear, chest rising and falling rapidly. A large
welt puffed up on his forehead, I’m guessing where he caught the butt of
a gun.

He didn’t even call out to me. He basically looked right through me.

“Usually we’d have you two draw straws,” the giant announced, “but
seein’ as one of you technically arrived before the other…”

He motioned towards Dom with a limp wrist, and his handler jumped to
attention. He grabbed the loop of Dom’s chain, and started pulling him
down the aisle with it.

Men yelled and cheered as he passed, some throwing scraps of meat and
splashing their drinks at his feet.

“I ain’t gonna waste your time, y’all know why we’re here,” said the
giant.

“Tonight, we invite one more to join our ranks.”

Whistles and cheers.

“Bring me the Toy.”

From the corner opposite mine, two men emerged.

One wore the same jumpsuit as those handling Dom and I. He held a metal
chain in tow.

Attached to the other end, a terrifying sight.

He was completely nude, save for a suede jockstrap and the set of chains
around his wrists and neck. His body was covered top to bottom with
bruises and scars. No major injuries or deep cuts, just the scratches of
a thousand fingernails.

A horrid device was fixed around the bottom half of his face. A muzzle
with a metal ring, stretching his mouth open into an “O.”

Though his face couldn’t fully articulate under the constraints, the
rise of his cheeks suggested that he was trying to smile. Like most of
the other men I saw around the room, his smile didn’t have a single
tooth behind it.

There was much slack in the chain as they walked. The handler didn’t
have to pull at all. The Toy held his head high, like he was proud to be
there.

The yapping and hollering started to quell as they reached the stage. We
were clearly building to a much-anticipated moment for the group.

The Toy stood at the center of the stage, next to Dom. His handler
planted a kiss on his forehead before letting the chain drop to the
floor and returning to the crowd.

The giant turned to face him.

“Upon this new arrival, you have ascended,” he shouted out, addressing
the Toy.

As he spoke, he produced a small key from a band that hung around his
neck.

“Should you accept the mark, I will relieve you of your duty, and
welcome you as our brother.”

He inserted the key into the Toy’s collar, and turned it to undo the
lock. The metal collar clanged to the floor, and the Toy began to weep
as his cuffs were removed too.

“Do you accept?” asked the giant.

Without a word, the Toy dropped down on all fours.

The giant smiled, and looked to a door behind him.

Another man in a jumpsuit entered. His was a different color, and he
wore a hood over his head. He pushed a smoking metal barrel on wheels in
front of him, filled with hot coals.

He came to a stop behind the Toy, and pulled a hot branding iron from
the coals. An insignia at its tip glowed red with heat. The room went
into a trance at its reveal.

I was too far away to make out the exact shape of the metal symbol, but
a quick scan revealed that all of the shirtless men had one on their
upper back.

The Toy looked out over the crowd as the hot iron pressed between his
shoulder blades. Sizzling flesh broke the silence, but the Toy did not
yell.

He didn’t so much as wince, like the pain didn’t register at all. He
stayed completely still, eyes focused, until the brand left his skin.

The hooded man poured a bottle of liquor over the burn, and the crowd
erupted once more.

Many of the ghoulish men rushed the stage. They wrapped their arms
around him, danced and sang.

His handler returned, carrying a pair of rubber overalls and steel-toed
boots. He presented them to the ex-Toy.

As the ex-Toy laced up his boots, the giant smiled softly, like the
filthy scene before him brought warmth to his heart.

The stage cleared, leaving just the two of them and Dom.

I don’t know what could’ve possibly been going through Dom’s head in
that moment. I had never seen someone look so terrified in my life. As
the giant took a step towards him, he fell into a silent cry.

“And now,” said the giant, “we pass the torch.”

At those words, another pair of men appeared on the stage, carrying with
them a large instrument.

It looked like a tuffet. The kind of low, padded bench that you kneel on
in church. But instead of a pew, it was attached to an iron frame which
stretched ahead of it, curving into two arms that stood upwards.

Between the arms, was a thick concrete beam. About the shape and width
of a corn cob, stained a dark crimson.

“A sacrifice to be made,” recited the giant, “for the benefit of all our
brothers.”

They set the heavy structure down in front of Dom, and forced him to
kneel on it. Tears spewed down his face, wildly begging and praying.

“Bite it,” said the giant.

Dom’s words caught in his throat. His shot his eyes around the room like
a cornered animal. The ex-Toy stood behind him, face warped in an evil,
gummy grin.

“No…” pleaded Dom, “Please.”

“It’ll only get worse if ya fight it, boy,” boomed the giant.

He reached down and grabbed the scruff of Dom’s neck, forcing his face
down to the concrete beam.

“Now you bite it,” he repeated, “or we’ll slop ya right here and toss
you in a ditch, alongside them other Joes you rode in with.”

Dom wept and choked and opened his mouth, jaw trembling as he closed his
teeth to rest on the beam.

As he did, the ex-Toy lifted himself onto one foot, readying a boot just
behind Dom’s head. I finally understood what was about to happen.

I shut my eyes and turned away, but it did nothing to drown out the
sickening crunch, the sound like marbles hitting the floor, and the
horrific eruption of applause that followed.

I’ve never heard a man wail like I heard then. Dom shrieked with a tone
and intensity that I would’ve thought impossible. The notes of his
heaving sobs wavered like an opera singer’s, reverberating in the
rafters of the great hall.

When I finally looked, he was bent over beside the structure, cradling
his jaw as blood flowed freely from it.

I puked, my body betraying my primal desire to minimize myself and sink
into the floor.

The giant’s attention was instantly drawn back to me. He pointed from
afar.

“It seems our rite has drawn ire from the new standby,” he chortled.

Eyes across the sea of demons turned back to glare at me.

“Come here man,” said the giant, “Lemme tell you somethin’.”

My handler shot to his feet, and dragged me up to the stage by my
chains. Stray kicks and punches found me as the sea parted.

He forced me up on the stage and down on my knees in front of the giant,
only a foot away from where Dom rolled around, shaking and moaning. 

I clenched my jaw and looked up to face the giant, trying not to look at
the device, doing all I could mentally to prepare for the worst.

But all he did was reach into his own mouth, and pull out a set of false
teeth. Just like the others, he was missing everything in the front.

“We was all the Toy here at one point,” he said, gums smacking as he
spoke.

“It’ll be your turn soon enough. Then once you do your time, you’ll get
to play with the Toy too.”

Cackles from the crowd. Sobs from Dom. I felt ready to pass out again.

“Take this one to the Dugout,” sang the giant, “And in the Dugout he
shall stay, until this Toy’s paid his dues. However long that may be.”

My chains were yanked again, and I was pulled from the stage. As I was
forced back through the crowd of howling lunatics, the giant turned his
attention back to Dom.

He reached down, grabbed him by the hair, and forced his maw open with a
pair of fingers to look inside.

“Seems like we still got a few stragglers,” he mocked, “You’re gonna
have to take another bite.”

Outside, the handler dragged me across the yard. I was chained to the
stone wall of a small enclosure at the edge of the property, left to sit
in the dirt.

That night, the compound sang with the awful sounds of Dom’s torment.

The pack was in a frenzy, all eager to collect their due. A couple of
them came by to rattle my cage a bit, but they all remained in that
great hall for the most part.

In the end, that frantic energy was my greatest ally.

Turns out my handler was a little too eager to get back to the group,
because he did an extremely poor job of ensuring my restraints.

With a couple sure tugs, I was able to pull the bolt loose from the
brick it was lodged in. I was free, save for the chain that dangled from
my collar.

I wasted no time bolting towards the front gate. Barbed wire punctured
my arms and sliced across my midsection as I scaled it. My body was
mostly numb, so I paid no mind.

I ran in one direction and didn’t stop. I ignored the road completely,
sure they would be on my tail soon enough.

As morning sun started to peek through the trees, I began ducking down
into the tall grass at the smallest sign of life. I kept imagining a
truckload of those freaks barreling down the road, desperate to get me
back in their cage.

I ran and ran until my lungs threatened to burst from my chest, and then
I ran some more. I ran until the mangled undersides of my feet met
asphalt.

Wasn’t long before a police cruiser came to pick me up from the main
road. A couple cars passed while I tried to wave them down, and I’m sure
I was a sight worth calling 911 for.

They questioned me for a long time, and I spared no detail. Police
searched far and wide, but they never came back with anything.

I don’t know if the group moved after that night or their land just
wasn’t searched properly or the police were in on it somehow. I’m sure
at least a few of them think I made the whole thing up.

Either way, nobody was arrested, the bodies and the car were never
found, and they eventually stopped bringing me in to ask about it.

I left town as soon as I was allowed. The police needed me around for a
few months, and I did everything I could to avoid leaving my dorm unless
it was absolutely necessary.

I transferred to a school multiple states away. The folks in the
admissions office weren’t kind enough to roll all my credits over, but I
didn’t mind starting in the fall with a clean slate. After everything, I
just wanted to start over.

It’s been over two years now, and things have been going alright here
for the most part. I’m glad I had most of that summer to recover in
private, because it took a whole lot of gentle parenting and therapy to
get me out in the world again.

I’ve managed to make a couple friends in my program. Nice people. Quiet
weekends. Had no interest participating in Greek Life this time.

Even after the move, I struggle with public spaces. Whenever my friends
do convince me to join them for a night on the town, I can’t help but
keep my head on a swivel. I keep my eyes on the exits and usually leave
first. It makes me sad sometimes, but it is what it is.

The other night, this girl I’ve been seeing convinced me to meet her at
a dive bar, right at the edge of town.

It was her idea. I’m still a couple months out from 21, and the place
never cards apparently. After a lot of deep breathing, I felt pretty at
ease.

That is, until I clocked a familiar face from across the bar.

Dom.

He shared a corner booth with a raucous band of bikers. Nobody else I
recognized, though they looked like they’d fit right in at the compound
I managed to escape that night.

I almost didn’t recognize him. His look had changed completely. Gone
were the pastel polo and boat shoes. Studded leather jacket, pierced
ears, hair shaved into a mohawk.

We locked eyes, and my blood ran cold.

Despite all the space I had put between myself and everyone from that
town, it felt somewhat expected. I always worried this might happen, and
I always worried what I would do if it did.

I knew I should run. Grab my date, get the hell out of there and find
the nearest police station.

I didn’t do any of that. I just froze.

We stared at each other for more than a moment. Drunk college kids
dancing and blue collar types shooting pool between us. My body
clenched, ready for a fight.

But he didn’t get up. He didn’t come over.

He just smiled, flashing a full mouth of false teeth.
