I grew up in a small town in central Washington—one of those little
farming towns you pass on your way to somewhere more interesting. I was
born in December of 1970.

Most of my childhood was spent working alongside my father on the farm
or helping out with the family business. I was put to work the second I
could stay on my feet. That said, those rare moments of freedom felt all
the sweeter because of it.

My family raised cattle and did construction work for generations. My
father spent long hours breaking his back to provide for us, and for
that, I’ll always be grateful.

“Humble living—it’s the key to a fruitful life,” my grandpa always told
my dad.

My mother was a soft-spoken, almost mystical type. She came from Ireland
when she was just 2. It’s weird—I swear she had magic or witchcraft, but
just for the most mundane things. Had zits? No problem. She’d prick your
finger with a needle and circle where your zits were with your finger.
Same thing with warts. There was one ritual where she’d use a nail and a
string and be able to tell you how many kids you were going to have and
their genders. This one I always thought was fake—there was no logical
way to tell it accurately. Sure enough, everyone she tried it on either
came to be correct or was correct—even with my 3 sons that I had 20
years later. I could write a whole story about my mother, but I’ll leave
that story to rest for now.

As I said before, I lived in a smaller town, and anyone who has lived in
a small town knows the pros and cons of small-town life.

Pros: you’re closer with everyone, and everyone knows who you are. Cons:
you’re closer with everyone, and everyone knows who you are.

It truly was a double-edged sword. That being said, our community was
very connected—just a few farmers and their families. We’d meet in the
grange hall for something we called “family lunch” every Sunday after
church. It was a good time to chat with those you didn’t get to see or,
for some, to have a meal with other people rather than an empty house.
Families would cook food the night prior, and it would be a mini potluck
every Sunday afternoon. It really bonded our small, quaint town.

That said, if there was a problem—or if someone had a problem—we all
knew it before sundown. No story could escape this town’s grasp.
Information would usually get passed around during the wives’ “book
talk” meetings.

Because of this, we could never get away from anything. Even back then,
before a world of cell phones, it was almost as if we always had cameras
on us. With everyone always seeing each other and talking, I remember
distantly when the whispers around the town started.

I was 15, and this mysterious man was the talk of the town. This man
supposedly wore a white shirt, red hat, blue jeans, and dark brown work
boots.

Bruce Springsteen had released his *Born in the U.S.A.* album around
this time as well; thus, everyone around here started to call him
“Bruce.”

At first, all of us neighborhood kids thought it was another boogeyman
tale. Parents would tell us, “Keep your window closed or Bruce will get
ya… or dont go alone in the woods, that man will come and getcha.”

None of us really took the story seriously—you know, as kids do. During
that time, the only thing we cared about was camping outside in the
forest and pretending to be G.I. Joe members in the midst of a heated
conflict.

Some kids would say they saw Bruce in the tree line while we were out
there, but no one would take them seriously, and they’d get called a
bitch or something. Even with this, we’d still kinda get that chill down
our spine at night—that same chill you’d get when someone was spying on
you.

In hindsight, even though we’d tease those kids for saying they saw
Bruce, we all still had the fear of him spotting us. Bruce was also said
to watch kids through their windows while they slept. I remember
thinking I was invulnerable to being seen by Bruce because my window was
on the second story of our house, though I still kept my blinds closed
just in case.

When summer ended and the dreaded school year came back around, the
noise about Bruce around the town diminished. I even forgot about him
for a time. It seemed as if the hype around the town’s resident
boogeyman had left as fast as he came. Though diminished, there were
still the occasional whispers about him around family lunch.

One Sunday afternoon in the middle of fall, I remember my father was
speaking to one of our neighbors.

“Davies’ son says he saw that man looking through his window the other
night.”

“Ah, that’s a load of horseshit and you know it. That whole Bruce thing
was a boogeyman story to get the kids to behave,” my father said.

“Maybe, but even Davie seemed shaken up from it,” my neighbor retorted.

My neighbor was right, too. I was close with Johnny, and he and his
entire family swore up and down about it. Johnny told me that he woke up
early one morning with that same chill-down-your-spine feeling. He said:

“Dude, it was freaky. He was just standing there, and his hat kinda
covered his face, so it was hard to see what he looked like.”

He said that later he screamed for his dad, and this dude still just
stood there. No reaction or anything—just kept looking directly at
Johnny. When his dad finally stumbled into the room and noticed Bruce,
he bolted outside with his shotgun in hand. Johnny said that the man had
no reaction to his father either—he just kept standing there, staring
intently.

By the time their front door opened and the first shot rang out, Bruce
was gone—almost like a ghost disappearing into fog. Mr. Feltermen swore
that one second the man was there, and then when he raised his shotgun
and fired, the man disappeared.

Johnny’s father called the sheriff’s office over, but there was no trace
of Bruce. The deputy just said if he comes back, to call them out first.

Johnny told this story probably 100 times that year, yet just like
before, everyone would tease him and deny his story. My mother was
pretty close to their family, so she tried to keep a short leash on all
three of us boys. Funny enough, she’d always say before we’d go
anywhere, “Be careful, and don’t let that pedophile go and get ya.”

My brothers would always mockingly say, “We’ll kill ’em before he could
even touch us, Ma.”

I don’t know if the story of Bruce ever really bothered my brothers as
much as it bothered me. Though, even after Johnny’s story, I still had a
slight bit of skepticism in me. I mean, I never got to see him until
later.

The first time I ever had a Bruce encounter was later that year during a
pretty harsh winter. My father was remodeling our sunroom. Due to that,
our “front door” was a plastic tarp stapled to the doorframe. And, might
I add, it was the absolute worst time not to have a door. Snow would get
into the front entrance from the storm the night prior, and the entire
house would feel like it was negative 100 degrees.

Anyway, I digress. I remember it was the weekend, and my birthday was
that Friday before. My brothers scraped up some money to rent me the
first *Indiana Jones* movie. Honestly, it was as much of a gift for me
as it was for my brothers.

My father was out getting supplies for the sunroom, and my mother was
grocery shopping. My brothers and I were sitting on the couch watching
the movie intently. Watching that movie, you could almost see it in my
eyes—the dream to be a cool archaeologist just like Harrison Ford, whip
and hat included.

Now, I don’t know if it was because we were watching so closely, but we
never noticed when our father’s pickup pulled up. My father came up,
flicked my oldest brother’s ear, and shouted, “How many times do I have
to tell you dipshits to leave your boots outside before coming onto the
carpet?”

We all stared at each other, confused. My father had his arm
outstretched and was pointing at a pair of snow prints that had to have
been no closer than seven feet from the back of our couch. The snow
hadn’t melted and still looked fresh.

“Dad, we’ve been inside for the last—” My dad interrupted my brother.

“Oh, don’t give me that bullshit. Go clean that up and go help your
mother with the groceries.”

I still remember the look on my brothers’ faces as they stared at each
other—maybe bewilderment or maybe fear. I remember lying in bed that
night trying to make up a rational explanation for whose footprints
those could be—anyone other than Bruce’s. Eventually, I was able to fall
asleep with some made-up story that sounds only logical to someone up
that late into the night.

My brothers later both blamed me for the prints, and I became a chore
boy for my father because of it. Yet, those prints still haunted me,
mostly because of how close they were to me. If there even was someone
behind us, surely we would’ve heard the rustling of the plastic tarp.

Now, obviously, I never told this story to anyone due to the fear of
social suicide. I couldn’t take those kinds of skeletons following me
into high school.

Nothing special happened the rest of the winter for my family. My father
finally got a door onto the porch just in time for it to finally warm
up. In those warm, sweaty nights, I prayed for the house to return to
its freezing temperatures again. For most kids my age at that time, that
meant going swimming, partying, and late nights with girlfriends. For me
and my brothers, that meant more time to help Dad—long, grueling hours
directly in the sun while working on houses for people whose cars were
worth more than my entire family’s net worth.

After long, drawn-out hours of orders being barked at by our father, our
treat was to come home and either buck freshly harvested hay into our
barn or tend to the animals. Yet after all of this, we always had a
hearty meal cooked straight from my mother’s hands, ready for us at the
end of the day. We’d eat till we couldn’t pick up a fork, just to head
to bed and do it all over again.

On the rare occasions we had our days of freedom, my brothers and I
would scatter across the town to our respective friend groups,
occasionally meeting up at house parties or a bonfire. One of those
nights we had off from working with our father, my brothers and I all
piled into our older brother’s truck and drove off to one of these great
bonfire nights.

It seemed as if the entire town would show up to these events. Family
and friends alike would all show up in droves. The adults with the young
ones would come out and eat and enjoy the social aspect. Later in the
day, when the sun would try to set, the only ones left would be the
teens trying to sneak a beer—and the fun “uncles” supplying them.

When we showed up, it was the typical crowd: the ones around my
brothers’ age, with some parents still straggling around. When we
stepped out of the truck, the remaining parents said what basically
became our tagline anywhere we went: “Oh damn, here comes trouble.”

The parents and kids our age would laugh as we’d go and sit on the
assortment of furniture and bench seats that surrounded the fire. We
would all sit and chat with those who we were familiar with, all while
those with more boldness than brains would try to sneak a beer from the
coolers—myself included.

As the night rolled on and more showed up, the host’s parents would give
the same speech every parent would give to all of us kids at these
events:

“Now I can’t stop you from drinking, but don’t be stupid and go off and
drive as well. Either sleep it off or call your parents. The phone’s
inside next to the fridge, and don’t you dare wake me up unless one of
ya is dying.”

They’d smile and wave goodnight as they’d head inside. We’d all say our
thanks and commence to having the real party. The older ones would try
to go and smoothly talk to one of the few women that showed up, only to
get shut down, walk to the cooler, and plop down on one of the random
“chairs.”

I remember that night I was sitting down on some broken-down bench seat
with one of the springs jabbing into my side. Nonetheless, I would hold
my beer and try to be as cool as I possibly could.

People were conversing when my eyes were drawn to something near the
tree line at the back of the property—something artificially white.
Through swaying eyes, I was able to focus on a figure standing there:
blue jeans, white shirt, red hat. He had his hands to his side, and it
was too far away to make out a face. It took a bit before the thought
finally pushed through my drunken mind.

“No way…” I remember mumbling to myself quietly.

My friend who was sitting next to me—who, mind you, was deep into
telling me how in love he was with this girl that was across the
fire—said annoyingly, “Are you even listening to me right now?”

I didn’t answer him but just kept staring back at the man, trying to
believe this had to be some trick from the lighting and the shadows. My
friend finally turned his head to look at what I was gawking at.

“Who’s that?” he asked.

“I… have no idea, but it kind of looks like that guy everyone was
describing last summer though.”

“Dude, that was just a dumb rumor Johnny’s parents came up with to—” he
retorted.

“No, I know, I know, but isn’t it kinda weird some adult-looking dude is
just standing far out there? Plus, isn’t it just miles and miles of
forestland back there? Where could he even come from?”

I remember looking back at my friend, confused. He stared back at me,
and you could almost see a glimmer of fear pass across his eyes. Our
eyes narrowed, and instantly, we both darted our heads back to the tree
line. Nothing. Just the outline of trees and darkness.

Suddenly, that fire didn’t feel so warm, and the cool summer air just
felt plain cold. Our eyes searched across the trees, trying to get a
glimpse of what we just saw, but there honestly wasn’t anything but
trees and trees.

We turned back to each other, and that fear became something closer to
confusion. We both knew it had only been a second or so that our eyes
were off of him, yet there was no trace of him.

We looked around the fire to see if anyone had seen what we just had,
yet everyone seemed too deep into conversation to notice or care. Then,
to almost cut the tension that lingered in the air, my oldest brother
grasped both of my shoulders. Instantly, I leaped and stiffened all up.
My brother mockingly said something along the lines of, “What? Still
scared of the dark, pussy?”

I laughed it off and said something vulgar back to him. He told me that
our other brother was still trying to get “lucky,” so he’d be spending
the night here.

My oldest brother was going to go home, and he asked if I wanted to go
home as well. He wasn’t much of a drinker, so I knew at the very least
this’d be a good chance to get home safe instead of sleeping in some
field.

He and I both got into his pickup and we waved goodbye to the remaining
few. We drove off back down the road, all while music played from the
late-night radio.

By the time we had gotten home, that lingering eeriness I felt had all
but left. I thanked my brother for the ride and went to lie down on the
couch, not having the energy to crawl upstairs and into my bed.

As the night’s events faded into memories, the obvious remained painted
on the inside of my eyelids—that man standing out in the tree line,
watching us like he was one of the trees. That same chill I felt crawled
its way up my spine as my mind slipped into unconsciousness.

After that night, I remember a small burning feeling deep in my stomach
anytime I would think about Bruce. The only way I can even think to
describe it was the feeling of a cornered, frightened animal.

That time in my life was pretty tumultuous. I wasn’t always in constant
fear, but it was as if saying his name would summon him. Then, slowly,
the thought of him would creep into your mind, and that deep, burning
feeling would follow.

During that summer as well, I remember my mother being extra worried
about my brothers and me. She had a knack for keeping us away from
danger. It almost seemed as if she could read the future.

Mom always kept tabs on us wherever we went, and if she didn’t like what
we were up to, she’d veto it. My brothers and I would complain and get
upset, but she always held her ground. My father would soon follow suit,
and we’d lose our nerve.

Yet my mother was always right for not sending us off. There was one
time my brother and I were going to go four-wheeling in the forest, but
she said no. Now, we had been out on that trail with our four-wheelers
for as long as we could drive them, so when she said no, we both were
irritated.

My mother kept her foot down, and we eventually lost interest in
fighting with her and went on to do something else. Yet she was
right—the rainfall that day became severe, and the river that ran along
the trail became a flash flood. Even if we were able to escape the
flood, I don’t know if we would’ve been able to find our way home.

While 90% of the time when my mother would say no there wouldn’t be any
danger—or something minor would happen—that said, I was always grateful
for that 10% of the time.

One of those times where my mother said no was toward the end of summer.
Everyone that was anyone was going to be at this log cabin for a party.
It was my buddy Kyle’s parents’ place. They allowed him to throw a party
up there once a summer.

When I went to ask my dad and ma for permission, it seemed like the
easiest yes I could get. I had been to that cabin before, I had no work
to do with my father, and both my parents loved Kyle’s family.

My father’s face looked as if he was going to say, “Sure, I don’t
care—just be safe,” but my mother’s face looked less promising. Her eyes
narrowed, and she was chewing her cheek in thought.

My mother always would make this face when she was thinking. It could be
as simple as deciding what brand of soup to buy or as serious as telling
someone a truth that might break their heart.

My father turned his head to see my mother deep in thought. His facial
expression changed from his neutral stoic tone to more of a stern,
defensive look. He could tell what my mother was going to say even
before she knew it—one of the perks of them being married for so long.

When my mother finally decided to speak, I already knew the answer.
Doesn’t mean it didn’t sting a little, nor that I wouldn’t try to fight
it. In the end, the ruling stood, and I was told decisively, “No, you
cannot go.”

Next thing I knew, I was lying in my room and looking at the evening sun
heading west. As upset as I was, I knew I had no chance to convince
either of my parents. Once my mother said those words, they might as
well have become one of the commandments.

Yet, being a teenage boy with less brains than a goldfish, I decided to
do something even my rebellious brothers wouldn’t dare to do. I went
against my mother’s “no.”

These parties at Kyle’s cabin were everything back then. The year prior,
his older brother hosted and became something of a legend. Everyone from
the valley who knew each other would meet up at the base of the lake,
and we’d all drive up to the cabin in a convoy.

Last year was my first time up at the cabin. It was three days of
absolutely anything we wanted to do—fishing, swimming, partying, card
games, cooking—we seriously did it all.

And most importantly, if I wanted a chance to spend time with a lady,
this was the last opportunity I’d have before school started again. In
my prepubescent mind, drinking, fishing, and chicks sounded like a good
reason to break any rule.

So I called Kyle’s house and told them to meet me down the road from my
house in about two hours. He said OK and asked why I wouldn’t meet him
at my house. I just told him, “I’ll tell ya later. Just meet me around
two houses down.”

We hung up the phone, and I knew I had no chance of turning back.

Those two hours came and went while I behaved and did my chores. My
parents were early sleepers, so when the clock struck 7 p.m., they both
retired to their rooms.

Sure enough, 7 p.m. rolled around, and I was getting hugs and kisses
goodnight from my mother. She kissed my forehead and said, “I’m sorry
you can’t go over to your friend’s house, honey. I just want you to be
safe, and I have an icky feeling about you going.”

“It’s totally OK, Mom. I’ll just rewatch that movie Tim hasn’t bothered
to return yet.”

Tim was my middle brother. When my mother finally left the room with my
father, I started to play one of the stacks of movies Tim had piled
against the TV.

I told Kyle I’d meet him at 8 p.m., so I’d have some cushion time for my
parents to fall asleep. When it was time for me to leave, I left the TV
running as I crept out the front door. I snuck past my parents’ window
and barreled down to Mrs. Jacobs’ mailbox.

Soon enough, the familiar sound of Kyle’s clapped-out Chevy came
rumbling. When he finally stopped, I basically hurled myself into his
truck, and we sped off.

Driving down the back roads, Kyle obviously asked me why we didn’t just
meet at my house, and I told him exactly why.

“Dude, you’re going against your mom right now? Are you serious?”

Everyone in town knew that when my mother said no, none of us boys were
getting out of it. My oldest brother, Auther, once had to sell his Iron
Maiden tickets in ’83. He saved up for weeks when he first heard they’d
be playing in Seattle.

“Yeah, but I doubt they’ll even notice me gone. Dad’s got work all day
tomorrow, and Mom’s most likely going shopping, then off to book club.
It’s a risk, but as long as I get home before my father, I’m doubtful
they’ll notice me gone.”

It was a serious risk—but also a thought-out one. As long as I was home
in time for dinner, my mother or father shouldn’t have any questions.

“So how are you going to get home? Because I’m staying the full three
days,” Kyle asked.

“Tim owes me big time. I’ll just walk to the ranger station and call him
and tell him to come get me tomorrow morning.”

“What exactly does he owe you for?” Kyle said, puzzled.

“He’s been renting movies and hasn’t returned any of them. I’ve been the
one intercepting the late fees from the mail.”

Kyle just smiled and nodded in approval. We spoke about just anything we
could to pass the time as we made our way up the mountain. Everyone had
already left the base of the lake, so we decided to just make a straight
shot to the cabin.

Pulling up to the log cabin, I could already tell what kind of night was
in store for me. There was a certain unnatural blending of the scene
before me. The forest was hushed, with a rhythmic breathing of cool air
that swayed the trees. Then the cabin in front of me—manmade—was playing
what sounded like muffled rock music and loud chatter. I remember this
very distantly, just because of how surreal it was.

Deep down an access road was a small log cabin that seemed more lively
than the entire forest. As we walked inside, friends would turn their
heads at us and smile. Some came over for hugs, while others came and
chatted us up.

After rounds and rounds of conversations, loud music for hours, and
several rejections from multiple different chicks, the night felt like
it was beginning to close. People were already getting tents ready to
sleep outside and watch the stars, while others already lay on the
ground of the cabin in a drunken stupor.

As for me, I got special treatment due to being close with Kyle. I got
to sleep on one of the three beds they had in the cabin. I remember
lying there in bed with the sheets off to the side. The cool summer
breeze from the open window was the perfect amount of air to cool myself
off.

As I dozed off, thinking about my plan of action for tomorrow in case
anything went awry, I remember that chill feeling slither down my spine
again. This time, I thought I was just getting cold, so I covered my top
half with the blankets, leaving my feet exposed so I could still feel
the cool air.

In my defense, we were a couple hours away from our town, and the only
peeping Toms at the cabin might be the wildlife. I was getting to the
part of the night where your mind is in the middle of sleep and
awake—like the powering down stage before fully sleeping.

My mind was free from thought when I felt something light move along my
leg. I’ve dealt with small bugs or flies making their way onto me, so I
shook my leg and got it off without fully waking myself up. A couple of
minutes go by, and another bug gets onto my leg.

At this point, I was too tired to care, so I let it do its thing. I felt
it move from the top of my foot to my ankle. Though this time, the bug
seemed uncharacteristically heavy—like its weight would fluctuate as it
dragged its body.

I was puzzled at what kind of bug this could even be. My mind couldn’t
figure out what this could even remotely be, so—just as curiosity killed
the cat—I opened my eyes.

There was no bug. Just a slender man with half of his body looming out
the opened window, his arm outstretched in front of him, with his index
finger dragging across the top of my foot.

The lighting in the woods obscured his face, yet I could tell by his red
hat that he was looking directly at me. Before my brain finally made the
connection, the man’s arm slowly retracted back to his side, all while
he slithered outside of the window in a swift, slow motion.

He made no reaction or sound when he noticed me awake—just a methodical
motion of retreat.

Before I knew it, my heart was cranked to 11. My boots were on, and I
was halfway out the door before my mind finally woke up.

When I stepped outside, the only thing I spotted was that artificial
white color, approx. 100 feet from the entrance of the cabin. I felt
that burning feeling again, and my heart felt like it was going to tear
open from stress.

As the white figure slowly disappeared back into the treeline, the only
thing I was left with was my breathing, and the cool air breezed past
me.

In all my years on this earth, that was the most alone I have ever felt.
No horror movie, book, or any piece of media can even compare to that
fear.

The only sense of comfort—if you could call it comfort—was knowing that
I’m not the only victim this man had.

The next few events are somewhat hazy. I remember I grabbed the rest of
my clothes and got dressed again. I started to head to the park ranger’s
office that wasn’t too far off from the main road.

By the time I got off the access road and onto the main road, I was
accompanied by the early morning sky. Even with the sun out, I still
felt an unnatural sense of dread. I could almost feel it slosh in my
stomach as I walked down the road.

When I walked into the ranger’s station, I asked the half-asleep man to
borrow his phone.

“Hey sir, I apologize for bothering you, but I got lost on a trail I was
supposed to hike this morning. Can I just bother your phone to call my
brother? I just wanna go home now.”

The man looked at me over his coffee mug with his eyebrow raised. He
moved the phone on his desk closer to me and stood up.

“Go ahead… I have to go to the campsites near the water and make sure
everything’s square down there. Please, no long-distance calls. And if
you need me, there’s a radio behind you. I’ll be back in an hour,” he
said while making his way to the door.

“Thank you, sir!”

I was more shocked that the lie actually worked. I dialed the house
phone, and thankfully, my oldest brother Auther answered. I told him to
go and get Tim and put him on the phone.

When Tim finally got up and answered, we went back and forth for a
bit—mostly him saying there’s no way in hell he’d come drive up there to
get me, with me retorting that I would give Dad all the late notices for
his rented movies.

Eventually, he caved, and we ended up on an agreement. I’d give him the
late notices, and he’d keep his mouth shut if I did his chores for the
week. It sounded fair to me at the time—anything to get me out of the
forest.

Eventually, both of my brothers finally showed up. I grabbed my stuff,
hopped into the middle of the seat, and we drove off from the ranger’s
station.

“You’re fucked, by the way,” Auther said.

I turned to face him, confused.

“Mom went to go and grab you this morning so she could get you new
clothes for the school year,” he followed up.

“And guess who was nowhere to be found,” Tim butted in.

“Shit…” I said, defeated.

That drive back into town was filled with emotion. On one side, I did
not want to see the wrath of my father and mother after disobeying them.
On the other hand, I was so thankful to just be far away from that
cabin.

I remember looking out the window into the rows and rows of trees,
thinking about how large this forest was—yet his presence was felt
throughout it. Almost as if he could just be behind any one of those
trees.

When we finally got home, I knew exactly how fucked I really was. I saw
my dad’s truck parked in the driveway in the middle of the day.

When I walked into the house, both of my brothers raced around me and my
parents and went straight into their rooms, respectively—almost as if
the next coming seconds were going to have a nuclear fallout.

The next couple of hours of that day were my parents telling me how
reckless and stupid my actions were, followed by ways to punish me.

I don’t remember exactly what the punishment was, mostly because it
became a snowball of several smaller punishments that culminated over
the next several months.

Through everything that I went through that night, I eventually learned
that I wasn’t the only one who had an encounter with Bruce up in that
cabin.
