This happened when I turned eight.

For my birthday I got a puppy and named her Scritch. That was from Mum
and Dad. From Bonny, my big sister, I got a crisp five-pound note. I
spent it on a tennis ball for Scritch, and the rest on sweets.

Uncle Jack’s present always came late. He loved to see the expression on
my face when I received it, so he made sure to deliver it himself. He
worked at sea most weeks as a fisherman, so it was hard to fit in time
for a visit.

I often wished a wave would rise and gobble Uncle Jack whole to save me
the stress of having to deal with him. There was something very wrong
about the man. Not that I’d ever told anyone.

My birthday week was a tense one. I could hardly find a moment of joy.
Mostly I took Scritch into the back garden and threw about the tennis
ball I’d bought for her. But Scritch was still too hyper to play with
properly. She would speed after the ball like a bullet seeking blood,
and be wandering off with her eyes on something better before her snout
ever touched green felt. So I spent most of the week alone, lying on my
back on the grass, throwing the ball into the air for myself. I would
listen to Scritch chase butterflies or dig in Mum’s petunias, and drive
myself crazy wondering when Uncle Jack would finally show.

He came on the 6th. Exactly a week after my birthday.

Dad recognised the sound of the smooth rapping on the door and flew to
it in the middle of lunch, towing me reluctantly by my hand.

I stood flaccid, hands flat against my legs with my head bowed,
listening to the change come over Dad as soon as he swung open the door.
It was as though Uncle Jack emitted some sort of microscopic cloud of
particles that swept Dad into a trance, because he never barked with
laughter when Uncle Jack wasn’t here. He certainly never slapped people
on the shoulder and danced like a dope. Yet here he was, a mad chimp
leaping and laughing, clawing at his brother like he meant him harm. It
was like watching Dad through a glass of water, or gazing into one of
those wacky mirrors at the fair.

“You stink!” Dad shoved Uncle Jack away and pegged his nose. “Did the
sea drop you off, or crap you out?”

“That’s the smell of a real man, Tom.” Uncle Jack fixed Dad’s collar,
pulled at his lapels, then tapped Dad’s curved beak. “Careful you don’t
turn too fast. You might wipe a plane out the sky!”

More of the monkeying around. I watched, waiting for Uncle Jack’s gaunt
face to turn and target me with its wide, green eyes. For the long
goatee and wide moustaches to point my way and then stretch up when his
face twisted into a grin. Sometimes Uncle Jack forgot to wear his
denture—the one housing the teeth between his upper canines—and it would
be like gawking into a tunnel when he smiled.

I saw that Uncle Jack was wearing the denture today, although there
remained a small hole where one of the teeth had fallen off. He still
didn’t take care of them, especially when he was on the boat.

Uncle Jack turned to me, quick as a shot. He aimed his teeth and leered.
He usually liked to ruffle my hair. Today he just glided over and gave
me a few slaps on the back, the same way he’d done Dad.

“Look at you!” he shouted. And now came the aggressive hair mussing. His
right index finger stopped at the first knuckle. I could feel the stub
grating against my scalp. “You’re a proper wee manny now, aren’t you?
You’re growing too fast!”

A momentary look of sadness crept over Uncle Jack’s eyes. Then he took a
step closer to Dad and asked in a whisper, “Who cut the poor bugger’s
hair?”

Dad rolled his eyes.

“Who do you think?”

“Jesus. Lock up those scissors, Tom. For Christsake.”

His eyes snapped back onto mine. “Wee man, tell Mum not to play with
scissors anymore, alright? She’d do less damage with a pair of garden
shears.”

Dad led Uncle Jack through to the living room, where Mum was watching
TV.

Bonny, having heard the commotion, sauntered downstairs and passed me
without paying me any attention. The smile on her face and in her eyes
was for Uncle Jack—and Uncle Jack alone.

“The boy’s hair’s looking nice, Julie,” Uncle Jack sang to Mum on his
way into the room. I entered in time to see him slipping under Mum’s
arms to give her a tight squeeze and a shake. “When’re you opening the
barbershop? If you need a mannequin, I’ve plenty of hair for you to
cut!” And he swept his hands over his body in a here-you-go kind of
gesture.

Mum squeaked out three shrill laughs. I plodded behind the couch, closer
to Dad, trying not to let the sound of Mum’s laughter get to me—but it
was too late. Now Bonny was laughing like that too, because Uncle Jack
had picked her up and was throwing her into the air, almost popping the
lightbulb on the ceiling. The lampshade swung, and Uncle Jack stopped it
with a very long finger.

They always reminded me of chopsticks.

“You want a chuck up as well, wee man?”

He had his hands out ready, waiting for me to run into them. I shied
closer to Dad, shaking my head vigorously.

“Alright then, if you say—hyah! C’MEER YOU!”

Uncle Jack sprang over the sofa without touching it. I tried to shriek,
but didn’t have time. I ran around Dad and away from the hands almost on
his neck. Past the arms of the sofa and around Mum’s chair. Past the
lamp and windowsill. Past the coffee table and dancing-chimp Dad.

Uncle Jack got wise to the loop and lunged over the sofa once more,
grabbing me by my shoulder. He dragged me over it kicking and screaming,
while Mum and Dad chuckled madly at the antics.

Bonny just rolled her eyes. She hadn’t thrown that much of a fuss when
it had been her turn.

Uncle Jack’s face was livid with colour. His eyes glowed white-hot; his
concave cheeks deep purple; his forehead red and raw with sweat; his
lips paled, pulled taut over his teeth.

I clenched my jaw and kept quiet. It was Uncle Jack who made the most
noise, squealing with joy.

“Weeeee,” like a little piggy.

“Weeeeeeeee,” each time he threw me into the air, catching me with one
hand under an armpit and one hand gripping my waist.

Uncle Jack turned away from the family and kept up the act. Kept
throwing. I could see his real face now—the face that came with
birthdays and Christmases both. It glared up at me with impossible eyes,
bulging like great big white balloons inflating through gaps in his
face. His jaw stretched long enough to slot me in without me touching
the sides; the teeth were a whirling maw of sharp and rusted death,
ready to reduce me to slurry.

“Weeeeee.” The voice was far deeper now—almost demonic.

I screamed. I didn’t want to, it just flew out as natural as throwing up
your hands when a truck was about to hit you on the motorway.

Dad, still clicking his heels in time to his chimp-dance, finally spoke
up. And as quick as a clicking finger, Uncle Jack’s face snapped back to
normal as he turned to listen.

“Think he’s had enough now, Jack. Looks like he’s gonna puke. And you
look like you’re about to faint!”

Uncle Jack offered Dad a knowing grin and nodded. He put me down on the
floor as gently as a newborn in its crib.

I did my best to hide my teary eyes, wiped them off on my sleeve and
rubbed at my throbbing armpit and waist.

Uncle Jack rollicked with laughter and clapped his hands.

“So: what’s new with everyone?”

*

Uncle Jack ended up staying for supper.

Dad gave up his seat so Uncle Jack could head the table. From there, his
emerald eyes held everyone mesmerised.

I ate quickly. No time to dawdle, to push at my peas with my fork and
say I wasn’t hungry. I wanted to get out of that room and into another
one—fast!

When I tried excusing myself, Mum pointed a finger at me. That was it—no
more words needed. I knew better than to argue with that finger.

So I sat and waited. This time I did play with my fork—small movements,
nothing quick, lest it attract the attention of the emerald watchman at
the end of the table.

Uncle Jack appeared to be in deep conversation with Mum and Dad, who
themselves weren’t paying much attention to anybody else. Lost in the
little worlds they drifted into when other adults orbited close enough.
They would laugh and use long words, and sometimes Uncle Jack would put
on a deep voice and Mum would find whatever he said even funnier. But
every so often, when Mum and Dad took a bite to eat or a sip to drink,
Uncle Jack would flash me a look. A quick glance. A reminder that he
hadn’t forgotten about me. That I was still right there at the forefront
of his mind.

You’re the reason I came, kiddo.

Bonny didn’t notice any of this. She was busy timing her smiles and
laughs with the adults. She was fourteen and trying for the part of a
twenty-four-year-old.

I kicked one of her shins under the table.

“Shitter!” she yelped, and threw her spoon off my forehead.

Mum screamed for everyone to shut up and stop shouting. Bonny seethed.

“He kicked me!”

“I don’t give a shit what he did! You don’t swear like that, ever!
You’re a child!”

Uncle Jack pushed his chair back and picked up his own spoon. He handed
it down the table to Bonny, who took it with a smile. I caught a whisper
of a scowl on Uncle Jack’s lips—a momentary look of repulsion—before he
turned and grinned at me.

“You alright, wee man?”

I nodded and continued poking at my plate with my fork.

“He’s got a heed like a hammer, that boy,” Uncle Jack told Dad. “Look:
didn’t even leave a mark.”

Bonny cleared the plates and helped Mum serve pudding. They had the rest
of my birthday cake with a scoosh of cream on top. Mum’s way of trying
to bring it back to life after a week of death.

It was awful.

*

“Your dad was telling me you’re getting big into reading.”

Uncle Jack sat down on the arm of the chair I was sitting on. Bonny, who
had been sitting on the sofa with all the space in the world, looked
momentarily hurt. But the moment passed, and now she was grinning like a
loon again.

“What’s your dad been reading you then? None of those pansy stories I
hope—like Winnie the Turd, or that Alice in Wonderland tat.”

I shrugged.

“He’s reading you Winnie the Turd, isn’t he? Aye, those were always his
favourite. What else has he got you reading?”

Silence.

“Any Jules Verne? Like Thousand Leagues, or Around the World? No?
Christ. What about Roald Dahl. Surely Roald Dahl. No? My God, what has
he got you reading then; the back of shampoo bottles?” He glanced at my
hair. “No, maybe not shampoo bottles. C’mon now, what was the last thing
he read to you? Don’t be scared, I was only joking about the pansy
books. I don’t care if it’s Winnie the Turd or Benny the piggy with one
bloody ear—ha! I just wanna know what he’s got you reading. Say Treasure
Island. Go on. Has he read you Treasure Island yet?”

I nodded. And then flinched, for Uncle Jack slapped one of my shoulders
hard enough to send my hair up into the air.

“Atta boy!”

Bonny shifted in place, squeaking leather, and produced a minute cough.

Uncle Jack looked up at her, but only with his eyes.

“What kind of books do you read, Uncle Jack?”

“What kinda books do I read?” Uncle Jack tapped at the hairs on his
chinny chin chin, feigning deep thought. “I’d have to say…the ones with
the words in them, Bon-Bon.”

Bonny giggled. Her laugh today was practically a parody of itself;
almost the exact pitch I sometimes used to mock her.

“I like pirate adventures,” Uncle Jack answered, squeezing the top of my
shoulder like a stress ball. “Like my buddy here. Right, wee man?”
Slowly, begrudgingly, Uncle Jack glanced back at Bonny. “And what do you
read, Bon? Books with pictures in them, I suppose.” He gave a hateful
cackle.

Red roses blossomed on Bonny’s cheeks.

“I read!” she said, never one to stay timid.

“Oh?”

“Yuh-huh. And I’ve already finished Treasure Island. I read it yeeears
ago. For school.”

“Gooood for yooou.” Uncle Jack’s hand was still on my shoulder, its grip
pulsing in time with the throbbing vein in his temple. “And do you
remember the characters?”

From somewhere through the house, the sound of Mum laughing with
Dad—probably washing the dishes together. One wearing the rubber gloves,
the other using the towel. Suds on, suds off. Suds on, suds off.

“Of course I do,” Bonny boasted. “There was Long John Silver. And. Well.
There was—Bluebeard!”

Uncle Jack sighed. It was faint, but I felt it in the grip on my
shoulder.

“And. Captain… Ben-Barrow?”

“Yikes.” Uncle Jack leaned forward with a finger out, poised for lecture
mode. The other hand still clutched my shoulder and dragged me forward
into the conversation, looking like a half-shut knife.

“The Admiral Benbow was the inn at the start of the story where wee Jim
Hawkins first met Billy Bones. And Bluebeard? Christ, Bonny! Bluebeard
wasn’t even a pirate! He was the bastard who murdered all his wives!”

Still not one to stay timid, Bonny quipped: “Wasn’t that Henry VIII?”

Uncle Jack clutched his chest and boomed with laughter, genuinely amused
by Bonny’s quickness and deadpan delivery.

“No, no, no. Didn’t you ever learn the rhyme? Divorced, beheaded, died.
Annulled, beheaded, survived.”

Bonny had nothing to say to that. But Toby did.

“Was Bluebeard real?”

Uncle Jack looked down at me for a very long time. Finally, he said,
“No. But that’s not to say there aren’t men like him.” The wink he gave
curled my toenails.

Mum and Dad entered the living room together. Mum’s thighs were damp
where she must have been wiping her hands. Dad kept smelling two of his
fingers.

“Did I hear you say Bluebeard?” He sat down beside Bonny on the sofa.

Uncle Jack took his hand off of me, but remained on the arm of the
chair.

“Your daughter thinks Bluebeard tried to find Captain Flint’s treasure,
Tom.”

“Bluebeard?” Dad frowned and then smirked at Bonny. “You mean
Blackbeard, Bon-Bon. Bluebeard is the guy on the Fish Finger box.”

Uncle Jack shook his head and groaned. “That’s Captain Birdseye, Beak.
Christ, what’s wrong with you people?”

*

That night, while Dad was taking Dr Dolittle down from the bookshelf,
his back tinted red from the glow of the Toy Story nightlight on my
bedside table, Uncle Jack slipped in through the yellow crack of the
door. His arms were twisted secretly behind him.

“Only me,” he whispered. “Whatcha reading tonight, Tobes?”

Dad told him.

*“Dr Dolittle?* More like Dr Do-fuck all! Ha! Choose something else,
Tom. Let the boy hear a decent story for once. Here—” He pulled a hand
out from behind his back and thrust a long box wrapped in black flags in
front of me. It had skulls and crossbones, eye patches, and cutlasses on
it too. “Forgot to give you this earlier.”

I stared at it. It stank of Uncle Jack’s fingers, and they stank of rum.
His other hand was still hidden behind his back, but I could hear the
tinkling of ice hitting glass.

“Go on, Toby,” Dad said. “It’s your present.”

I carefully removed the tape from the folded edges, unwrapping the
parcel as delicately as I could.

Uncle Jack sighed. He took the glass of dark liquid out from its hiding
place and took a large gulp.

“It’s a spyglass,” he explained over the rim, then slurped down another
gulp of the spicy-smelling darkness.

I plucked it out of the box, struggling with the weight on my
fingertips. Sometimes I liked to use an empty paper towel roll as a
spyglass, but this was something else entirely. The ornate decoration
down the side was so intricate, with long looping vines laced with
flowers wrapping themselves around the dark length, so tight it felt
close to smothering. It was heavier than Dad’s tablet—and colder. Much,
much colder.

Dad’s eyes bugged out wide. “Holy shit, Toby, that’s the real deal!”

“What do you think then, wee man?”

I pulled it to its full length and held the lens up to my eye. It was
ice cold, like it had been left out in the snow on a winter’s night. The
darkness at the other end of the room was too close to make out a single
distinguishable feature. If I wanted to test it properly, I’d be better
off waiting until tomorrow and trying it in the garden, playing jungle
explorer.

But I didn’t want to test it. Ever. I wanted to put it back inside the
box and hand it over to Dad, tell him to hide it somewhere dark.
Forever.

Uncle Jack sat on the edge of the bed, forcing me to budge up and give
him space.

“Your pals’ll be jealous when they see that, wee man. A real
captain—that’s what they’ll take you for. Turn to me lad.” Uncle Jack
pulled my face around when I didn’t respond. Some of his drink sloshed
onto the bed. “Aye, look at you—you’re missing a tooth like your Uncle
Jack! A sailor’s debt to the sea, that’s what that is. The best sailors
always leave a part of themselves out there. An offering, lest she put a
bounty on your life!—and every soul upon your vessel!”

Dad threw his head back laughing.

“You lost your teeth on the handlebars of your bike.”

“Aye,” mused Uncle Jack, and held up the four-and-a-half fingers on his
right hand. “But this pointer was the price I paid, Beak.”

He gave Dad a long, cold stare.

“Okay,” Dad conceded. “I’ll say no more.” He prodded Uncle Jack with the
side of the book he was holding. “Here. Maybe you should read to him.
You can spin a far finer yarn than I can.”

My eyes grew wide. I shot a glance at Dad, but he had already turned his
back to leave.

Uncle Jack glided over to the bookshelf to return Dr Dolittle to its
place. He ran a long middle finger across the spines of the books until
he found the one he was looking for.

“Treasure Island,” he whispered, and pulled it free.

As Uncle Jack’s ghastly frame drew closer to the bed, I gave my dad one
final look of appeal, hoping for a last-minute reprieve.

No such luck. Dad tore the crack of light from the hall wider, flooding
the room in yellow. Then he was gone. Only a thin crack of light
remained where he left the door ajar.

The room was a ghastly red, with the looming peripheral darkness
screaming horrors from its corners.

“I’m excited,” Uncle Jack said, prying the pages open with his long,
stale fingers. “Where shall we start off?”

I shook my head. Perhaps a tad too enthusiastic. “No,” I squeaked.
“Nothankyou.”

“Beg your pardon?”

“I’m really sleepy.”

“You don’t want a story?”

I shook my head once more, then cuddled down under the duvet. I was
going to turn my back on Uncle Jack, but something screamed at me not
to. The look in his eyes was frighteningly intense.

“You’re kidding?” Uncle Jack’s eyes did not blink. But they swelled to
the size of tennis balls. The nightlight reflected against them,
watching like two faraway red stars in a cosmos of black and green. I
wasn’t sure if Uncle Jack had meant for that to happen. Surely he had
control over it.

Uncle Jack got to his feet with all the effort of a ninety-year-old man.
His bones clinked and clacked as he patted himself down. He rested his
glass on my bedside table and stretched the rest of the snaps and cracks
out of his body.

“Alright then, Tobes. But I must say: this is verrry disappointing. I
came all this way for you.”

He moved swiftly across to the door, covering ten feet with a single,
colossal side-step.

His back grew with scoliosis kinks, arching over seven, eight feet. He
whipped his head around and smiled at me, and I threw the cover up over
my eyes. Not before noticing Uncle Jack’s chopstick fingers pressing
against the door with their white, bloodless tips.

There came the sound of a low scuffle as the underside of the door
scraping along the carpet.

It was happening.

I burrowed down deeper, wishing Mum had let me take Scritch up to bed
with me. I didn’t know what a puppy would be able to do except make a
lot of noise, but even that was better than nothing—better than feeling
helpless beneath the blankets. Alone, silent, and scared.

There came a very faint creak, like someone opening a rusty hinge; a
deliberate, drawn-out whine which crept across the distance between the
door and the bed. It loomed over the blanket in a massive black shape.
The red nightlight blotted away. The air vibrated with sheer
anticipation for what was about to come next.

The chomp.

Something thumped against the door. And the room exploded with yellow
light.

I threw the covers down in time to see Uncle Jack still standing in
front of the door, only now stepping out of the way to avoid Dad hitting
him with it.

“The light was bothering the boy,” Uncle Jack lied, opening it further
to allow Dad entry.

Dad nodded, not seeming to care. He collected his glasses from the
bookshelf and chuckled. “I was trying to watch TV with my reading
glasses. Silly me.”

Before he could leave again, I piped up, yelping, “Dad?”

“Hm?”

“I don’t want stories tonight.”

“Huh? Why not?”

Uncle Jack had been the shorter of the two men downstairs. Now, lurking
behind Dad, his engorged head pressed high against the ceiling like a
pus-filled spot. It swelled bigger, and bigger, until I was sure it was
about to pop. His face was nothing more than a pin-pricked mouth and
basketball-sized, blazing eyes of rage. His hair stood on end and coiled
up into corkscrews. Jagged teeth stretched out like the flailing arms
and grasping fingers of drowning children, inches from the back of Dad’s
head.

“Tired,” I mumbled. I’d stuffed the blanket into my mouth to stop myself
from screaming.

“That’s a first,” Dad said, turning to share a laugh with Uncle Jack.
The head deflated with a sudden whoop. Uncle Jack excused himself with a
laugh. Eyes, now regular-sized. Cheeks sunken.

“He did say he was tired,” Uncle Jack admitted. Both men turned to
regard me in bed with a sympathetic eye. “Maybe I’ll read to you another
night, wee man? Sound good?”

A moment of victory.

I felt my heart start to settle back into its regular pace. I felt a
little perkier, too; the way Mum sounded in the morning when she drank
her usual two cups of coffee.

“Sounds great, Uncle Jack.”

“Amazing news.” He patted his chest with the book. “Can I borrow this?”

“Of course.” I smiled. Actually smiled. “Keep it if you want!”

Uncle Jack laughed. I couldn’t help doing the same.

Dad’s eyes grew narrow.

“Don’t worry,” Uncle Jack reassured, patting the book to his chest once
more. “I’ll give it back to you in the morning.”

My heart left the track, derailing straight into my lungs.

“What do you mean?” I choked.

“Oh, that’s right,” Dad said, happy to be involved in the conversation
once more. “Uncle Jack’s staying the night. He’s not—let’s just say he’s
not feeling well enough to drive. Maybe you two can muck around with the
spyglass in the morning. In the garden.”

On the way out, Uncle Jack necked the rest of his drink and passed the
glass to Dad.

*“Yo, ho, ho.* I think I’ll have another rum to celebrate!”

I waited, listening to the footsteps receding down the hall and down the
stairs. A deep rumble of voices started up in the living room, and I
knew the coast was clear. I jumped out of bed and raced to the window.
It opened far enough to fit one of my hands through, thanks to the
safety bar Dad had installed.

That was fine. I didn’t need it to open any further.

I took the spyglass out of the box and stared at it. For some reason I
felt Uncle Jack staring back at me, through it.

I slotted it through the gap in the window. It dropped down onto the
roof tiles, tinkling as it rolled down the slant, gaining speed. I was
sure it was going too fast. It would bounce over the gutter and plummet
down to the back garden, then obliterate on the patio, alerting
everyone.

The sound ceased with a padded thump.

The gutter had caught it.

I pressed my face against the window to make sure. There it was, casting
long arms of moonlight up to the window from its lens.

At least I didn’t have to worry about that any more. Who knew what kind
of curse or terrible magic it held, if any.

Downstairs, the adults laughed loud echoes which shook the floor of my
room.

I stood by the crack of the door, peering down the hallway at Bonny, who
was sitting at the top of the stairs with her head on the banister. She
was clutching her teddy against her chest, listening in on what secrets
age was yet to bring.

Laughter from Uncle Jack.

I closed the door until I heard the latch click. It was an old door—one
of those you had to lock with an oversized novelty key. Mum had taken
the key away and hidden it somewhere safe, to save me from trapping
myself inside and doing something silly.

That was fine. I didn’t need the key.

I tiptoed to the bookshelf and took down three books of varying
thickness. They were all too thick to slot under the door, but the
thinnest of the three got there in the end, with a little persuasion. I
tried opening the door, and found that it wouldn’t budge past Alice in
Wonderland. I nodded, satisfied.

At least I didn’t have to worry about that, either.

*

A short while later, I sat up in bed, trying to focus my weary eyes on
the thin yellow strip of light beneath my door. Someone had been
wiggling at the handle.

Three black splotches broke the strip of light.

One of them was the book I had wedged under there. The other two were
feet.

The door handle turned all the way to the left. Then all the way to the
right. It wouldn’t open. The book was jammed under the bottom corner too
tight for that.

Slowly, the door began to lean in on its top corner until it started to
groan. It bent so far it looked certain it was about to snap in half.

It eased back, accompanied by a sigh from the other side. The black
splotches faded soundlessly away.

I lay back in bed again, and allowed myself a silent exhale.

I tried closing my eyes, but every time I did I pictured Uncle Jack
leaning forward in one of the downstairs chairs and staring up at the
ceiling—through the ceiling—at me with a terrifying grin. Hands on his
knees. Neck bent and twisted. His enormous head swollen like a hot-air
balloon growing bigger and bigger, until it disconnected with a snap,
and floated up against the ceiling on a neck as thick and braided as a
ship’s rope. It would bounce there loudly, hollow, knocking and mocking.

I came all this way for youuu.

I lay awake, gazing at the red glow casting onto the ceiling from my
nightlight, trying to find shapes in the shadows and the jagged edges of
a curling paint chip.

My eyelids soon began to flutter.

“Toby?”

I wasn’t sure if the voice was in my imagination or not. I could still
see Uncle Jack in my mind, sitting and staring up at me with his big
balloon head.

“Toby?”

My eyes opened wide. The roof was still blood red. No yellow light was
casting in from the hall, which meant the door was still closed.

So why did it sound like the voice was in the room with me?

I pictured Uncle Jack with his lips pressed against the keyhole. But
when I looked, only the one splotch broke the yellow bar beneath the
door. Alice in Wonderland. No feet.

“Toe-beeee.”

I sat up very slowly, scanning the room carefully. Everything was
blanketed in the nightlight’s red glow. Not a perfect filter for
spotting trouble, but enough to let me know that the voice wasn’t
attached to anything in the room. Just a hovering, disembodied presence
close by.

But where?

“Toby!” the voice barked, tired of being ignored. “Are you sleeping?”

The curtains twitched.

“Why did you close the door?” it asked. “What a sneaky thing y’are.”

The fabric of one curtain shook. Then pinched at a point near the
centre. One by one, the hooks snapped free from the railing, until the
entire curtain dropped to the floor with a dusty humph.

Two long chopstick fingers wiggled through the crack in the window,
probing at the air like an insect’s antennae. They were searching for
something. Maybe the other curtain. Maybe a latch to release the safety
bar on the window.

Or maybe a young boy standing too close.

Something squeaked along the glass. I pictured Uncle Jack’s face moving
side to side, pressing his cheeks and his nose against the window,
trying to catch a glimpse of me around the other curtain.

Methodically, the chopstick fingers withdrew from the window. The top
corner of a book slotted into the gap, then landed on the carpet.

“Here’s your book back, Toby.”

It was definitely Uncle Jack’s voice, but it was too strained for me to
have recognised it any sooner. It sounded like he was trying to press
out constipation mid-conversation. There came another drawn out squeak,
and again I pictured my uncle running his face along the window, trying
to catch the right angle beyond the other curtain.

I could have shouted for Mum and Dad. Hell, I could have screamed bloody
murder for Bonny and she would have come running to see what was wrong,
even if she loved to pretend she didn’t like me. But I found myself
unable to scream. Unable to move.

I watched in horror as Uncle Jack started squeezing himself through the
inch-wide gap in my window.

The long chopstick fingers came one, then two, then five through the
crack, stretching and tapping along the windowpane, trying to find
something to grip at. His mouth grew too, pressing inside and pulling
wide like a flounder with big lips. Then the nose, an obscene Pinocchio.
Green eyes pumped in like balloons once more, this time on long vascular
stilts like some repugnant snail.

Uncle Jack’s cheeks took the longest to come fully into view. When at
last his ears flapped free from the window frame, his head had protruded
a metre into my room, stretched like some terrifying caricature.

The spyglass I had rolled out of the window threaded itself through the
gap alongside Uncle Jack’s other arm. He brought it up to the side of
his face, balancing atop five gangly fingers, and held it in front of
one of his gargantuan eyes. His body was still wedged tightly in the
window, but his head was free to scan the room. His gaze rested at last
on me.

“I spy—with my glass eye—something beginning with—U!”

His mouth formed an O wide enough to roll a bowling ball into.

“You’re still awake!” He jabbed a finger towards the bed. “Growing boys
need bedtimes too! Tut-tut-tut. Shame on you.”

He dropped the spyglass and walked his chopstick fingers along the
carpet. His eyes began sinking back into his skull, but were still a
long way from looking normal.

“I know,” Uncle Jack said, his voice now returning to normal. “I’ll tell
you a story. A proper story, Toby. None of that fairytale nonsense your
daddy’s been spoon-feeding you for years. You want a story with some
grit, don’t’cha!” He pulled his foot free from the window. It slithered
to the carpet and writhed there like a dying snake trying to come back
to life. “Have you heard tell of the man with the tic-tac teeth?”

I pushed myself back against the wall as Uncle Jack grew closer.

“Have you heard of the trees wrapped in purple veins-for-vines? The ones
that bleed real blood when you cut ‘em? And mothers’ screams from their
babies’ throats? Wee strawberry shoots which drain you ’til your death?
Did he tell you about the holes, Toby? The holes with the mirrors at the
end?”

I didn’t bother standing up—just kicked the blanket over Uncle Jack and
threw myself onto the floor. I scrambled to the gap of light under the
door, and began to claw at the book wedged under it. I had forced it
into the gap so well that I couldn’t get a grip on it with my little
fingers.

“What’s wrong, boy—don’t’cha want a story?”

I felt Uncle Jack’s breath on my hair. I burrowed my fingernails into
the sides of the book and pulled, hoping that if my fingernails came
loose they would wait until the book did so first.

Uncle Jack’s fingers pressed against the door. His hand clutched me by
the shoulder and lifted me effortlessly back into bed.

“Lie back down, lad,” Uncle Jack soothed. He pulled the covers back with
his other hand, while it shrivelled down to its regular size. He sat at
the end of my bed, slowly shrinking his body back to normal. His face
remained grotesquely deformed.

“Let me read you a story to calm you down. No more talk of men with
tic-tac teeth or trees with purple veins. Tell me… what do you think
of—”

Without moving from where he was sitting, Jack stretched for the book he
had slotted through the window.

“—Treasure Island?” His eyes floated away, searching for a fond memory
lost to time.

The sudden rustle brought him back.

“Oh no you don’t, you little shit!”

He whipped around too late. I was already out of the bed and lying on
the floor. I sank my fingernails as deep into the sides of the book as I
could manage and yanked it free.

Uncle Jack’s face was enormous with rage, scarlet red and purple. He
held out both hands, fingers stretched out like sharpened drumsticks to
gouge me in the face.

I was too quick. I rolled to one side and grabbed him by his fingers,
and began snapping them like breadsticks. I only stopped when Uncle Jack
drew them back to his chest, wailing out in a thin, pathetic shriek.

“You monster!” he cried.

I yanked the door open. Uncle Jack’s face joined me in the hall,
stretching far and long on its winding rope of neck. “Toby!!” it
wheezed, floating along behind me and snapping at my heels. “Don’t tell
Mum and Dad, Toby! I’ll fucking eat them too!”

I threw myself into the closest door. Bonny’s room.

“Toby!” she shrieked. “Wha— Get the fuck out!”

I didn’t bother rounding the bed. Just cannonballed onto it and buried
myself under Bonny’s covers.

She sat back, stunned at the sudden intrusion, but when she felt my body
shudder with the trembling of silent tears, she held me tightly in her
arms.

“What is it?” she asked, her voice quivering with emotion. She felt my
pulse pounding along the side of my neck. “You had a bad dream, huh?”

Without realising she was doing it, she began stroking my hair the way
Mum used to stroke ours when we were frightened. We lay together in
silence, Bonny soothing me, while I lay watching the thin yellow crack
of light under the door, waiting for Uncle Jack to slither past.

He never did.

*

Morning.

We both awoke to flashing cameras, obnoxious shutter sounds, and gentle
cooing.

“Ugh, my eyes.”

I swatted at the white light. Mum and Dad were standing over us with
their phones pointed at our faces.

“How cute!” Mum said, snapping another picture. “You two haven’t slept
like that in ages!”

At breakfast, Dad stood by the grill working the bacon. Mum manned the
units, juicing oranges and dishing out forks and knives, laying plates.

“What about Uncle Jack?” Bonny asked, noticing there were only four of
everything.

“He had to leave early,” Dad explained, and popped into the garden to
shout for Scritch. Although we all knew he was really just going to have
a smoke.

My head shot up. Bonny’s face sagged.

“What? Leave? Why?”

Mum shrugged. I grinned.

I had two helpings that morning, and Bonny called me a pig for it. I
pushed my nostrils up with my thumb and blew a raspberry so loud she
could almost smell it.

I felt happy again.

Dad poked his head in through the door, cigarette hanging from one side
of his mouth. “Anybody seen the mutt?”

My heart skipped a beat. I could guess what came next.

They found one half of Scritch at the end of the garden. They never did
find her top half.

What I couldn’t understand was: if Uncle Jack had left early, how did he
manage to get to Scritch that morning?

Mum let me have the day off school. I spent it sitting on my bed, devoid
of feeling, staring at the copy of Treasure Island lying open on the
floor. The spyglass from Uncle Jack still lay beside it. I took both to
the window and threaded them out. This time the spyglass rolled too far
and imploded on the garden patio.

Mum spanked me for it.

I didn’t cry. I didn’t tell her about Uncle Jack, either. I wanted
nothing more than to forget about him, wherever he was. There was over
three hundred days until I turned nine. That was plenty of time to not
have to think about things. Plenty of time to prepare myself for the
next visit.

Although…

“What month is Bonny’s birthday?” I asked Mum, pulling my pants up over
my red bum.

“Next month. Why?”

I shrugged. Then sat down on the floor, deflated.

Mum leaned down close to my face.

“Can I tell you a secret?”

I squinted up at her, dreading anything more she had to say.

“Okay?”

“And you can’t tell anyone, alright? None of your little pals at school.
Just keep it between me and you.”

I nodded, feeling tears prickling at my eyelids. A month. That’s all I
had left.

“Promise?”

“Yeah.”

“Disneyland.”

I stared in disbelief.

“What?”

“We’re going to Disneyland for Bonny’s birthday next month.”

Like from a battered old dam, the tears finally flooded free. I leaped
up and hugged her, nearly choking her in the process.

“I thought you’d like that,” she said, hugging me with the same hand
she’d used to slap my ass only a few minutes ago. It still stung, too.
But it was the furthest thing from my mind.

“It’ll be good to get away from things,” she soothed.

I laughed at that. She had no idea. Disneyland. That was miles and miles
away from Uncle Jack!

“Thank you,” I cried. “This is so cool. Thank you, Mum!”

“Don’t thank me,” she said, squeezing me a little bit tighter. “Thank
your Uncle Jack. He’s the one taking us.”
