Round 1

Round 2

​

I sat backstage in silence, staring vacantly at my reflection in the
mirror as a storm of emotions raged inside of me. I wanted to scream in
terror, I wanted to break down and cry, I wanted to laugh and most of
all I wanted to feel nothing at all. The smell of Janine’s cooking flesh
wafted into the room, while the untouched meat from Katrina sat quietly
on the table at the back of the room.

​

From the corner of my eye I saw Harry looking down at it thoughtfully,
an overly full glass of champagne in his hand. The last from the bottle
he’d opened earlier. After a moment, he gave a sigh, drank down the last
of the champagne, and approached the meat on the table before taking a
slice.

​

“What the hell are you doing?” Johnny asked as Harry carved off a piece
of Katrina’s flesh and popped it into his mouth.

“What the hell are you doing?!”

“Hey if I’m gonna die I at least wanna know what I’m dying for,” He
replied matter of factly, before he finished chewing. He looked
thoughtful for a moment, before staring down at Katrina’s meat.

“Huh…”

​

Both Johnny and I just stared at him in disbelief.

“Weirdly enough - all I really taste is the seasoning. If I didn’t know
any better I’d just think that this was beef.”

“Well good for you,” Johnny said, completely exasperated before shaking
his head and turning away.

“What? When in Rome, do what the fucked up cannibal Romans do!” Harry
argued. “Not like any of us are getting out of this alive anyways.”

​

None of us had a response to that. They might have promised us
otherwise, but we were all thinking it.

​

After the things we’d seen, why would they let us go? That didn’t make
sense. Odds are, at the end of this we’d all wind up in the kitchen.

​

I just hoped that I was lucky enough to be dead when I went.

​

Harry shook his head as Johnny turned away from him before looking down
at his empty glass, then back at me.

“Think they’d let us have one more drink, Kimmie?” He asked.

“Go to hell,” I replied.

“Jesus, what’s with the hostility? Come on I was curious, aren’t you?”

“I’m not talking about the meat, Harry! But yeah, while we’re on the
subject fuck you for that too.”

​

A look of confusion crossed his face.

“What the hell did I do?” He asked, and it almost sounded genuine. “Last
time I saw you everything was great! We went out partying, had ourselves
a hell of a night and-”

“You drugged me you piece of shit!”

​

Harry just stared at me.

“You put something in my drink that night, Harry. I know you did.
Because the last thing I remember, we were at the bar and the next I was
waking up with you on top of me! Don’t you try and fucking tell me it
was the alcohol because I know it wasn’t! You drugged me, you son of a
bitch! You drugged me!”

“It… you said you wanted to cut loose!” He stammered, “I asked if you
wanted to go out drinking and you said you did! You said you wanted to
cut loose, have some fun! I just gave you a little party favor!”

​

“Oh is that it?” I hissed, “And you just forgot to mention you’d spiked
my fucking drink, did you?”

“It was supposed to just be a little boost!” He said, “My drink was
spiked too! I didn’t even think you’d notice!”

“Well you’re right about that, Harry! I didn’t fucking notice! Because I
don’t remember a fucking thing from that night! I don’t remember a thing
before you…” My voice died in my throat as I glared daggers at him,
hating him with every fibre of my being.

“Y-you were the one who was flirting with me!” He said, “I was pretty
drunk too I wasn’t gonna say no! I mean hell, you were always a flirt,
Kimmie! You’re seriously gonna get angry at me because I took you up on
your offer?”

​

“When the fuck did I ever flirt with you?” I snapped, “You’re a lying
sack of shit, Harry, you really are.”

“I’m not!”

“I’ve had nightmares about what you did to me for the past four years… I
can’t go out anymore, because every time I do I’m terrified that what
you did to me, is going to happen again! I almost quit performing
because I wasn’t sure that I wanted to do this anymore, and I didn’t go
on stage for almost a fucking year! It took me over a year to even feel
safe in my own skin again! To sleep without waking up crying, you have
no idea what you did to me Harry! No fucking idea!”

​

“I didn’t do anything!” He argued. “Jesus, if what I did was so fucking
bad why didn’t you go to the police?”

“I DID! They told me they’d look into it and that was it. When I tried
talking to them again they said it’d been too long and that they had no
evidence! They brushed me off.”

“No evidence,” He repeated. “So what you’re basically saying is that
you’re the one who’s full of shit, then?”

​

“Fuck you,” I spat.

“No fuck you, Kim! Jesus, I was just trying to have some goddamn fun!
Help you loosen up a little bit, you asked for that! I thought you’d at
least be grateful! I could’ve done a hell of a lot better than you but I
thought we had a pretty good time that night!”

“You really are a fucking pig,” I said.

“Yeah well look who’s talking, porker. Maybe cut the McDicks and eat a
fucking vegetable for a change. Christ I’ll be surprised if these
fuckers even find any actual meat on you when they kill you. Guess they
could render you out for grease though, might make it worth their wh-”

​

I punched him before he could say another word. I felt his nose break
under my fist as Harry went down to the ground.

“Shut the fuck up,” I spat as he writhed on the ground in pain. Johnny
was looking over at us, wide eyed but reluctant to get close. I left
Harry on the ground as I walked over to him to go and sit someplace
else.

​

“You know you were just a pity fuck, Kimmie!” He yelled after me,
pulling himself into a sitting position, “You weren’t even a good
fucking lay! You were just a pity fuck!”

​

I didn’t acknowledge him. I’d said what I needed to say, and I didn’t
really want to waste the final hours of my life arguing with a piece of
shit like him.

​

***

​

“Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls welcome back for Round Three! And
fittingly enough we’re down to just three contestants! Grab yourselves a
plate and another drink because things are bound to get hot!”

​

The crowd cheered and applauded as the MC spoke, and I watched as Johnny
took a deep breath, preparing himself to go back out there and face the
audience.

“Folks, let’s give it up one more time for Johnny Sawyer!”

​

They cheered for him, and Johnny went out with a stern but somewhat dead
eyed determination on his face.

“Hey there folks…” he said. “We still having fun tonight?”

That simple question generated a cheer.

“Yeah, you look like you are…”

​

I saw his eyes settle on the kitchen, where Janine’s remains were still
being butchered. A plate of ribs and steaks were being brought over to
the buffet table. I watched as several of the audience members went to
refill their plate and a vivid mental image of pigs waddling toward a
slop trough filled my mind.

​

Johnny remained silent. He opened his mouth to speak but his voice
quietly died in his throat. He paused, trying to compose himself and
carry on but I could see him struggling.

“So at any of these events you’ve held… has anyone ever told you guys
the joke about the cannibals and the clown?”

​

The crowd gave a lukewarm chuckle.

“Yeah, a couple of cannibals are eating a clown and one turns to the
other and says: ‘Does this taste funny to you?’ Y’know usually I don’t
freeze up on stage. But I’m just sorta standing here and watching you
guys eat the ribs of this girl I was talking to about an hour ago, and
for some reason it’s just sorta… y’know fucking with my head.”

​

Johnny laughed nervously but his smile faded. He looked down at the
microphone, then back up at the crowd.

“Never froze up before but… well… first time for everything I guess.
Fuck you guys. I’d tell you to eat my dick but hey, you probably will.”
He shrugged and put the microphone back before walking offstage without
another word.

The crowd was dead silent.

​

“Wow. Way to bring the mood down folks.” The MC said. “That’s just
depressing! I’d say give it up for Johnny Sawyer, but looks like he’s
the one giving up!”

​

The crowd booed as Johnny walked past me and I gave him a look of
disbelief.

“What the hell are you doing?!”

He looked back at me, a look of utter exhaustion in his eyes.

“Sorry Kimmie…” He said softly, “I just… I froze…”

He put a hand on my shoulder and gave me a sad forced smile.

​

“Let’s see if we can’t get things back on track with Kimmie Wilde! Come
on out, Kimmie!”

​

As Johnny disappeared backstage, I quietly steeled myself to go back
out. I wasn’t sure I wasn’t going to freeze just like he did as I
stepped back onto the stage, but I made myself do it anyways.

​

Janine’s head had replaced Katrina’s on the buffet table. They’d put her
coke bottle glasses back on her face, and it almost seemed like some
sort of sick joke. I stared out at the crowd before taking a deep
breath.

​

I couldn’t freeze. I wouldn’t.

​

Johnny might have given up but I wasn’t going to. I had to at least
outlive Harry… I had to.

​

I went through all of the material I’d written in my head, trying to
pick out something that I knew was funny, although staring at Janine’s
severed head didn’t really inspire me to be funny… and the quiet
certainty that we weren’t going to get out of here weighed on my mind,
quashing every thought and making it harder and harder to speak. Still,
I forced myself to say words and hoped that they might be funny.

​

“You ever seen some of the guys online who think they know everything
about female anatomy, but the more they say the more apparent it becomes
that they’ve probably never even actually met a woman?” I blurted out. I
closed my eyes, trying to ground myself before continuing on. “I saw a
post online the other day with this guy going on a fucking RANT about
the proper way to insert a tampon. He seriously said, and I quote:
‘Women are too dumb to figure out how to properly take care of their
vagina and therefore require men to teach them.’ There is an ACTUAL
person in the world who exists and proudly put that opinion out into the
world! Like… seriously? Not to sound judgemental here… but I’m 99.9%
sure that this motherfucker barely even knows what a tampon is! I’m
serious, the last guy I dated asked me for a demonstration! He was
genuinely baffled by them!”

​

Oh yeah, tampon jokes. Good job Kimmie. TELL TAMPON JOKES TO THE
CANNIBALS! THAT’S GONNA FLY WELL!

​

I’d made my bed though, and now I needed to lie in it.

​

“Because guys don’t typically know jack shit about tampons. They don’t
know about menstruation, they don’t understand how most of this shit
works. They don’t. And with a lot of them, the moment you mention it
they’re all just like: ‘Eww! No! I don’t wanna hear about that!’ Yeah,
trust me, I’d like to skip it too but here we are!”

​

Some of the crowd laughed. The rest was fairly quiet.

​

“It’s crazy. But some of these guys are just so confident about what
they say! These fucking guys will look you dead in the eye and be like:
‘If you put your tampon in wrong, it will destroy your vagina.’ Right.
The fat sweaty incel who can’t even find his own penis is gonna tell me
how to use a tampon. This I’ve gotta see. I’d love to like, get a model.
Just to see if these people can actually figure out how to use a tampon.
Maybe I’ll make a game show out of it… oh hey, maybe that can be your
next show?”

That idea got more of a laugh.

​

“You guys can just grab a bunch of dipshits from some incel forum and
whoever can figure out how to use a tampon gets to live. You guys can
eat the rest. It’s fine. Nobody’s going to miss them. You’re actually
kinda doing them a favor, I mean it’s the only way they’re ever going to
get inside of a woman, let’s be honest here.”

​

The crowd actually howled with laughter at that one and I let out a
quiet sigh of relief.

“I once saw a guy on a dating app once who’d attached like 8 different
pictures of some anime girl to his profile. He had more fucking pictures
of this cartoon character than he did of himself, and his profile said:
’I’ve attached these pictures as a reference. If you don’t look like
this. Swipe left.’”

​

I shook my head.

“I mean I don’t even know if I have a joke for that. Seriously what do
you even say to something like that? Honestly, I’m more curious than
anything else! Who is this guy? How does he function in his day to day
life? Does he know what other human beings look like? How do you go
through life like that? I want to study this guy! I want to follow him
around with a camera crew and film a nature documentary with him!”

​

I cleared my throat and did my best David Attenborough impression.

“And here we see the Social Outcast in his natural habitat. In his
bedroom, watching cartoons. He will leave his den roughly once per day
to obtain a TV dinner or perhaps fast food before retreating back into
the comfort of his darkened den. Ah… and here we see the regular
solitary mating ritual of the Modern Social Outcast. He is opening up a
porn site on his computer and… and… and… oh my…”

​

I feigned shock. *“How does one even masturbate with a dick that small?*
That’s a genuine question for Harry, actually…”

​

The crowd erupted into laughter, some of them even gave me a round of
applause.

​

So far it seemed like I was safe.

​

Good.

​

At the end of my set, I walked off stage feeling only a little lighter.
My heart was racing in my chest, and I looked back to see Harry taking
the stage again.

“Kimmie Wilde, folks! Give her one more round of applause and while
you’re at it, welcome back Harry King, ladies and gentlemen!”

​

Harry came on stage with a jovial wave, seeming completely unbothered by
all of this. He smiled at the crowd as they grabbed more slices of fresh
meat before I noticed his eyes darting over toward me.

“To answer your question, Kimmie… I usually just buy you a drink. That
tends to get the job done,”

​

I felt a rage rising up in my chest as Harry smiled at me, while the
crowd cheered. It took every ounce of self restraint I had not to charge
the stage and throttle the life out of him with my bare hands! If I
wasn’t worried about getting skewered with a fucking harpoon before I
could finish the job I’d have done it without a doubt.

​

His attention returned to the audience as he flashed a charismatic grin.

“So I’ve got a genuine question,” He said. “I’m going a little off
script here, sorry. But this whole thing is pretty new to me so I’m
wondering… is this like a religious thing for you guys, or do you just
fucking eat people for fun?”

​

The crowd laughed and someone yelled something to him although I
couldn’t hear what they said.

“Right, so you guys just do it because you can. Neat,” He said. “Well I
gotta admit, that’s a refreshing change of pace. Least I’m not gonna get
killed by religious crazies so y’know, that’s kinda a win when you think
about it. No but I’m serious, crazy religious people are a whole other
level of nuts. Like… they aren’t just crazy. They’ve got no other
personality traits aside from just zoned out religious bliss. You’ve
heard it, right? They’re basically just high on God. It’s nuts!”

​

I knew this bit too.

​

Namely because it was my bit.

​

I remembered writing this one. Next he was going to talk about the girls
preaching Jesus to refugees. I’d based that joke on an image I’d seen
online.

​

“I saw this on the news the other day… there’s a lot of war in the
world. There’s a lot of suffering and people trying to get away from the
fighting. And in the midst of these people running for their lives were
these two twenty something year old girls trying to hand out fucking
pamphlets for their Church. Are you fucking serious right now? Like just
imagine it! You’re fleeing your home, your country, you’re scared for
your life, your family and some girl with a starbucks cup walks up to
you and says: ‘Hey have you accepted Jesus?’”

Harry smoothed back his hair.

​

“‘Unless Jesus has a place for me to crash right now, I’m really not
interested, lady!’ And these fucking people are out there, trying to
convert people to their religion and they’re like: ‘Um, actually this is
the most important aid we could give these people in need.’ Really?
THAT’S the most important aid you can give? I mean, there’s a level of
privilege there that’s just mind boggling! This is the shit that got
Marie Antoinette killed! ‘Ze people are starving they have no bread!’
‘Oh, well they can have cake instead.’ Priorities, people! Jesus!”

​

While Harry carried on with his set, I turned and went backstage. I
could hear the crowd laughing and every laugh he got out of them just
made me angrier.

​

That was my joke they were laughing at!

​

MINE!

​

NOT HIS!

​

In the back of my mind, I wondered if maybe they might just keep their
word. If maybe the winner would go free… and if so… if that winner was
Harry…

​

No.

​

NO! It wasn’t fair!

​

Why did Katrina, Chance and Janine have to die while that piece of shit
still got to live? Why should I have to die? Why should Johnny have to
die instead of him? Harry didn’t even write his own fucking jokes! The
crowd was laughing. My head was throbbing. My breathing was getting
heavier.

​

I hated this.

​

I hated every miserable second of this.

​

“Kimmie?” Johnny asked and I looked up at him. He sat quietly by one of
the dressing tables, and looked at me with somber eyes.

“You doing alright?”

“Fucker stole my joke…” I replied quietly.

“Harry?”

“Yup.”

​

I sank down into the chair beside him.

“Well… least you’re not the one getting eliminated this round,” He said.
“You’ve still got one more round to beat him.”

“I guess. I’m just not sure what to bring out next…” I paused, then
looked over at him. “Don’t suppose you’ve got anything to pass on?”

“What, now you’re gonna steal my jokes?” He teased.

“Sorry…”

​

“It’s fine. I’m just trying to make lite of the situation,” He said.
“I’m sorry I froze up there…”

“Why are you sorry?” I asked. “You’re the one they’re gonna…”

“Yeah but… I don’t know…” He trailed off and for a moment, we just sat
in silence together.

“It doesn’t feel real…” He said, “I know they haven’t voted me out yet
but… I know they will. And when they do I’m gonna… I’m gonna die…”

​

I felt a knot form in my stomach.

“Y’know I always used to imagine that one day, when I got big enough my
parents would come and see my show and they’d laugh and… they’d get it.
They’d get why I wanted to do this and they’d actually be proud of me.
Instead… they’re not even gonna know what happened to me.”

​

I reached out to take his hand and watched as a tear ran down his cheek.

“I wish I could talk to them one last time, you know?” He asked, “Tell
them I love them. Tell them I’m not mad…”

​

Outside, the crowd laughed. I pulled Johnny into a hug.

“I can tell them for you…” I offered, “If I get out of here… I can tell
them for you. I can tell everyone…”

“Would they even believe you?” Johnny asked.

“I don’t know but…”

​

I paused, then took my phone out of my pocket.

“They blocked our signals… but they didn’t do anything else to our
phones…” I said quietly, before looking up at him. “We could record
stuff… photos, video, audio… we could record the kitchen…”

“Not without being seen,” Johnny said although he had a peculiar look in
his eye. He reached out to take my phone and I let him have it.

“Maybe we couldn’t record the kitchen or what they’re doing out there,
but… we could probably record something else… something my parents would
believe. And from there… I don’t know, maybe they can figure something
out.”

“What are you talking about?” I asked, as Johnny took my phone with him.

​

I could only watch as he used it to take pictures of Katrina’s meat,
before turning the camera on himself. I watched him take a moment,
trying to compose himself before finally hitting record.

​

***

​

“So much for Round 3 folks! I gotta say, I’m a little disappointed.
Especially in you, Johnny… but you did tell a joke and therefore did not
forfeit, so it’s up to our audience to decide your fate! Will you get
another chance? Who’s on the chopping block this time? Audience, do your
thing!”

​

The music began to play as we stood on the stage. Johnny’s expression
was stoic and almost… at peace.

​

He stared at the dark figure in the crowd waiting to kill him, and he
looked him dead in the eye. I could see his fists clenching and
unclenching. I could hear his erratic breathing. I knew he was scared,
even if he didn’t want to show it.

​

“Ladies and gentlemen we have a SURPRISE RESULT!” The MC said, “KIMMIE
WILDE…”

​

My heart skipped a beat as a sudden terror rose in my chest.

​

Wait… no…

​

NO!

​

The harpoon gun fired and I flinched, waiting for the pain… waiting to
die.

​

But it never came.

​

Instead, I heard the MC laughing. I heard a thud beside me as Johnny
collapsed to the ground and looked over to see the harpoon jutting out
of his neck.

​

“You are NOT eliminated! Sorry Johnny!”

​

Johnny gurgled as blood dribbled out of his open mouth. His eyes shifted
toward me and I watched as the life slowly faded from them. My heart was
still racing. Johnny went still, and two members of the kitchen staff
came up to take him away.

​

“Ladies and gentlemen, you know the drill! We’re back to another 30
minute intermission after which our fourth and final round will begin!
And of course, please let our chefs know if the food ‘tastes funny’.”
The MC chuckled before signing off.

​

Beside me, Harry watched as they took Johnny to the kitchen and hoisted
his body onto the metal slab. He glanced over at me, but didn’t say a
word. He just turned and went backstage again.

​

I didn’t follow him. Instead I followed Johnny toward the kitchen. The
man with the harpoon gun eyed me warily and reloaded, but didn’t raise
the gun to me.

​

I watched from near one of the now empty tables as they cut away
Johnny’s clothes and washed his body. They cut open his stomach, before
hoisting him up to take his organs out. I watched as his head was
removed, followed by his skin. I watched as his body was cut apart…
butchered… cooked.

​

It was the single most horrifying thing I’d ever seen.

​

But I needed to be there. I needed to watch as my friend was taken
apart. We’d only known each other for a few hours but he was my friend.
I didn’t know if he’d get a funeral or not… and I didn’t know if I’d get
any other chance to mourn him. So this had to do.

​

And when there was nothing left that I could recognize as Johnny Sawyer,
I quietly went backstage, and prepared for Round 4.
