Now I’m gonna start this saying I’m not the smartest man in the world. I
never did well in school, always getting in trouble of one sort or
another. I barely graduated and that was only because there was a
teacher who saw some glimmer of hope within me and pushed me harder than
my own parents. Thanks Mr.Waller. But just because I’m not the brightest
bulb in the drawer doesn’t mean I’m crazy as some people have decided I
am. They look at me and whisper in each other’s ears as I walk by. Kids
laugh and point as I walk past calling me Cal the Crawler or just the
Crawler. I don’t care what they call me, I know what I saw, it will
never ever leave my memory for as long as I live. As I lay on my
deathbed, which I think is closer than I would like it to be, I will
remember the scraping of the walls, the heat emanating from them and
burrowing its way into my skin, and the scene before me when I reached
the end of that godforsaken chamber. That will be the last thing I see
before Death wraps his gnarled fingers around my neck and chokes out my
last breath. As so let me start from the beginning and recant my tale
before the cloaked bastard is at the foot of my bed. 

Like I said I was never booksmart but I had a knack for things with my
hands. I gravitated towards construction once I had left the hallowed
halls of Shaleville Regional High. I had a bigger build, burly but fat.
I could have played for the football team as a pretty damn good
linebacker if I had listened to Coach Hensen back then. Maybe it would
have changed my trajectory in life, got me scouted by one of those
college coaches with a full scholarship and got me out of this dead end
town. I can’t change what I didn’t do back then but the possibilities
still haunt me. If I hadn’t joined Grady’s construction team I wouldn’t
have been there when we found the opening, I wouldn’t have followed
James inside looking for god knows what back then. But I did, and I
can’t take that fact back now, no matter how much I want to. 

I applied right out of school to learn to be a carpenter, so I could get
out of the house, be busy and earn some money to live on my own. Hell
knows that my old man wanted me out of the house as soon as possible. I
reminded him too much of my mother, her soft blue eyes reflected in my
face, the pain unearthed every time he looked at me. That should have
never been a burden I had to deal with but life is cruel and sometimes
people are crueler. The scars on my back and years of bruises can attest
to that but that is besides the point. 

It was Mr. Waller who actually helped me get the job. The old man was
neighbors with Grady and had a pretty good relationship with him, they
played cards every Sunday after church while their wives gossiped. I
think Waller buttered him up about me, telling him about how I had it
rough and I was a sweet kid that needed a break. It didn’t take much for
me to get hired with Grady, a preliminary interview and I was in. He
practically took me under his wing, teaching me everything I needed to
know himself, signing me up and footing the bill for classes while
making me his apprentice. 

I was soaring, for the first time in my life I felt like I finally
belonged somewhere. I did really well in my carpentry classes, something
about building stuff really clicked in my brain. Soon I was right
alongside Grady out on the job. I loved it. I finally found my thing, I
wasn’t the dumbass kid sitting in remedial algebra for the second time,
I was head of the class. It was great and life was good for a few years.
I managed to scrape up enough money to get a shitty one bedroom
apartment on the outskirts of town but it was mine and I felt safe, away
from my father. I quickly climbed the ranks with Grady and in two years
I had a whole team below me. Things were looking up. It wasn’t until the
park job I realized that I had had it easy before. Things were about to
get a lot worse and change me forever. 

It was winter, December. I can remember the Christmas lights decorating
the Main Street of town while we drove through towards the new job.
Grady had called the night before, told me that me and my team would be
starting on this project starting today. He explained that we would be
in charge of renovations of some of the cabins within the Greyveil park.
I guess the park was trying to distance itself from some of the more
unsavory things that had happened within its woods over the past 30
years by redoing some of the cabins in preparation for spring and
summer. Everyone knew that the forest had a bad reputation, ask any
local. They would fill your head with the tales of the serial killer who
kidnapped and killed women in a secluded grove or the several couples
that had gone hiking and disappeared. They managed to find one of the
victims in a terrible state a few years back but the others were still
gone without a trace. Either way a job is a job and I was not worried
about any ghosts or ghouls lurking around while we were there. It wasn’t
the ghosts I should have been looking for. It was the place itself that
was cursed, the forest, the soil, something had long rotted under that
place and polluted everything else.

We arrived early in the morning to the park and the rangers directed us
towards the old and rotting cabins that had been waiting in disrepair
for the last two decades. It was a secluded part of the woods, off the
beaten path a bit but I guess that’s why we were there. Part of the job
was to make new paths from the well marked trails to the cabins. The job
should have taken a few months, weather permitting, we were in the dead
of winter and snow was a constant. An hour or so of setups from the
trucks and we were ready to inspect what lay before us. When I say these
cabins were in rough shape it’s not an exaggeration. Most of the
foundation and wooden exterior had rotted away, leaving large holes in
the roof or the walls of the structure. We would have been better to
have just started from scratch and built a whole new cabin but the park
wanted to “preserve the authentic look” by using whatever crap we could
salvage from the old place. It was easier to just nod my head and try
and do whatever the client wanted than arguing because they were always
going to find something that they didn’t like and make you redo it. 

There were five small cabins arranged in a semi circle around a large
central fire pit. A good amount of work to be done before came and only
a few months to do it. After the first sweep through of the cabins we
started doing what we could with what we had that day. Pulling down the
rotted boards, salvaging the good wood and taking note of what needed to
be bought and taken to the site the next day. The work kept us going
like this for a few weeks, slowly but surely we had gotten all of the
bad wood out of the cabins and started fixing the foundations of the
cabins. Then snow. It was the freak snowstorm that came out of nowhere
and dropped like 18 inches on us within two days. We were out of
commission for days. The roads alone were terrible to drive on and the
city wasn’t prepared for anything of this scale so it took days for the
streets to be plowed and for anything to start moving again. I knew it
was going to be a shitshow when we got back to the site. We had been
using tarps and coverings to keep the new wood out of the elements but
there was nothing that was going to save it from this. The cabins were
going to be buried in layers of snow and it would take forever before we
could get back to them. Sure enough, the sheer amount of snow had done
some damage, and that’s what led to the eventual downfall of the team
and myself. 

We returned a few days after snowmaggedon and assessed the situation at
the site. There was pounds of snow packed into cabins through the open
roofs. The tarps didn’t do a thing to hold the amount of snow pushed
down on them and they eventually were buried inside. Luckily most of the
new wood we had acquired was safe, minimal water damage to it but those
tarps held strong. I started to look in each cabin to see what needed to
be done. Of course all the snow would need to be removed so I started
there. Eyeballing each building looking at the volume and that’s when I
spotted something weird. It was in the furthest cabin over on the end of
the semicircle. The inside of this cabin had the least amount in it, but
it was soaked inside. Like something had melted the snow from the inside
and let the water run free. 

I stepped inside to get a closer look. There was still a bit left inside
but it almost looked like a bowl had been carved out of the inside of
the powder down to the wooden floor. I pushed my way through and down to
inspect the floor at the center of the anomaly. A wave of heat smacked
me as I closed in. It was a dry heat like one you would find in the
Sahara desert, a suffocating, sweat inducing heat. I bent down and
inspected the ground. The floor was bone dry, like no water had ever hit
the spot and the closer I brought myself to the ground the greater the
heat became. I was covered in sweat now, removing my jacket to make it
easier to maneuver. 

“Hey! Clea,” I called out. “Bring me the crowbar from the truck.” 

A minute later Clea came tramping through the snow with the crowbar with
a puzzled look on her face. 

Clea had always been a hard worker, she wanted my job more than anything
and was jealous that someone 15 years younger had surpassed her that
quickly. I couldn’t blame her. She had been working for Grady for the
last five years, doing what I was doing, soaking up all the knowledge
and hoping to take the next step up. Not to mention she was a single mom
with three kids at home who needed to be fed. I guess her husband had
died in a car accident a few years before and she was struggling to make
ends meet. I fucked her plan up and she hated me for it. 

“What the fuck are you doing,” she responded. “Where’s your jacket? It’s
like four degrees out.” 

I beckoned to her as I bent down to press my ear to the ground. The heat
was blistering now, sweat dripped off my face and onto the wood below.
There was a sound coming from under the boards. A low hum was emanating
from beneath the floor. I grabbed the crowbar from Clea and plunged the
pointed side between the boards. With a quick push downward the board
cracked up. A blast of heat poured from under the board and hit my face.
A drip drip drip could be heard from down below, the sound of the melted
snow hitting stone. 

“Hand me your light.” I said, reaching towards Clea. 

She unhooked the flashlight from her side and tossed it to me. From
behind her I heard the crunching feet as Dale and James joined the
audience. 

Dale was someone you needed on a site like this. He was easy going, been
through the works before and this is where he landed. Someone who had a
billion stories to tell about his life. Apparently he had left home when
he was young, joined the army and did a few tours before bouncing around
the world looking for the next big thing. That’s when he met his wife
here. They fell madly in love and he settled down. Said he’d been in
this town for the better part of the last 25 years and regrets nothing. 

James on the other hand was the issue. The “loose cannon” on site. He
always needed to be monitored because he got easily distracted. He had
that kind of energy a golden retriever has when they haven’t been
outside in a few hours, bouncy and prone to knock things over. Bad
enough that he loved to pull these stupid little pranks that he thought
were hilarious. At the end of the day though he did his job and we
needed the hands and couldn’t afford to let him go. It was better than
nothing. 

“What’s happenin’ boss,” he said through a half closed mouth, a
cigarette hanging out of the other side. “Something wrong?” 

“I don’t know,” I replied. “Something’s down here, come take a look.” 

They gathered around the hole in the floor, staring puzzled at what I
unearthed. I looked up at them with the same look. I shined the beam
down into the hole. It wasn’t a hole in the ground, it was more like a
cave. The slick stone walls looked to be coated in a layer of water,
likely from the snow above. The passage was big enough for someone small
to fit into but it curved a few feet down and out of site. I pushed
myself up from kneeling, careful not to put any pressure on the broken
boards. 

“All of you stay right here,” I said as I got up from the ground. “I’m
gonna call Grady.” 

I crunched over the failed snow back to the truck, the bitter cold
nipping at my face again. There was a clear difference from standing
over the hole in the cabin from outside. It felt like a hot summer day
inside, blistering heat pouring from the ground while a few feet away it
was freezing again. Something wasn’t right. What could even cause
something like that. I’ve heard of underground lava tubes on the
discovery channel before but never anywhere around here. That could be
the only thing that could be making that much heat.

I opened the truck door and rummaged around in my bag, looking for my
phone. With a quick glance back, I could see James pressing his head
down close to the opening, imitating sunbathing. I shook my head. James’
antics were not what I needed today, especially if whatever this thing
was could be dangerous. My crew always comes first. 

“Hey Grady,” I said, putting him on speaker phone as I continued to
watch James closely. “We found something really odd in one of the
cabins.” 

“Damage?” He asked. “We knew there was going to be some dam-“

“No,” I cut him off. “Well, yes but it’s something else. “An opening or
something under the furthest cabin, like a cave. 

“What?” He replied. “There shouldn’t be anything like that anywhere near
there. Those cabins have been there for years with no issues, I have no
documentation of a cave or hole under any of the cabins.” 

“I know. What if it’s a sink hole?” 

All of a sudden a scream cut through the silence of the forest. 

I turned around at such speed it should have sent my head spinning.
Fuck. I always do this. I pace when I talk on the phone and I stopped
watching James. Now looking back at where my crew was I only spotted
Clea and Dale staring downward into the hole.

“What was that!” Grady yelled into the phone. 

“James,” I gasped. “He fell into it. Send someone out now, I’m gonna try
and see if I can get him out.” 

I hung up the phone and ran over, my feet getting stuck as I tried to
trample over the mounds of snow in my way. 

“What happened?” I called out to Dale and Clea. 

They turned to me with frightened looks. 

“No clue boss,” Dale responded. “I went for another smoke an’ left the
two of them here.” He pointed at Clea. 

“I went to check my phone,” Clea said. “My kid is sick and home today
and I needed to check on her.” 

 “Fuck!”

I looked down into the hole below. Somehow it looked like it had gotten
bigger, which was impossible, there was no way for it to get any bigger
without blowing it up. Maybe my mind was playing tricks on me, or the
mix of hot and cold was playing with my vision. It didn’t matter. I
needed to get James out of there before something worse happened. 

I flicked on the light Clea gave me earlier and flashed it into the cave
again. It definitely looked bigger, I think I could fit into it now and
I was a bigger guy than James was. Weird but James needed to get out of
there. I couldn’t see him at the bottom, he must have slipped past the
curve. 

“James!” I yelled, my voice echoing back to me. “Are you hurt?” 

A weak voice replied. “Yeah. My leg. I slipped on the broken boards and
fell feet first down the hole. The water on the sides made me slip
further in and I smashed my leg.” 

I turned around and looked at Clea and Dale. 

“I’m gonna go in and get him.” I said, sighing. “Wait up here and pull
us out when I grab him.” 

I turned back to the cave and called down. “James, I’m coming down to
get you!” 

I sat down on the wooden floor, scooting towards the edge of the hole
like I was getting in a pool. With one swift motion I flipped myself
around and swung my feet down so they touched the slick sides of the
cave wall. Hanging with only my hands, I slowly lowered myself down into
the opening until I couldn’t go any further and let myself drop. Luckily
the damp sides of the cave and the way it curved softened my fall of
only a few feet and slid me down into the deeper part of the cave where
James’ voice was coming from. 

“James! Where are you buddy?” 

The light illuminated more and more of the cavern as I continued
forward. A sloping path that led deeper and deeper downwards into an
unknowable place. That’s when I spotted him, laying on the ground,
staring up at me with a pained look. 

“There you are,” I said with a sigh of relief. He wasn’t too far down
into the cave so it shouldn’t be that hard to get him out. “Give me your
arms.” 

I reached down to grab him. The ceiling of the cavern was tall enough
where we could both stand so if I could get James on his good foot we
could hobble out of here slowly. 

“Thank god,” James said. “I thought I was gonna be stuck down here.” 

“As much as I would have loved that,” I replied, chuckling. “Lemme take
a look at your leg.” 

The cave was hot. I could feel the heat emanating from the stone around
us, almost like we were in an oven. There was something else too. The
deeper I went the more the walls around us changed in texture. It went
from a sleek damp covered rock to almost a moss feeling underneath my
feet. The water from the snow above mixed with something on the walls
creating a kind of mucus mixture that was dripping from the ceiling and
onto my back. It was sticky and didn’t come off easily. 

“Yeah about the whole leg thing,” James said with a sly look on his
face. “I kinda faked it.” 

As soon as the words came out of his mouth I was on top of James,
pinning him to the floor. A hot rage boiled inside of my chest, ready to
explode at any minute. I grabbed James by the collar of his shirt and
thrust him down hard into the stone beneath us. 

“WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU DO THIS,” I roared, the anger rising with each
passing second. “WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU COME DOWN HERE.” 

James’ face changed, the light from the flashlight illuminating a thin
streak across it. The joy and mischievous energy that was there a moment
before fled and what returned was a look of pure terror. 

“I wanted to see what was down here man,” he squeaked out. “You would
have never let me come down here so I had to think of something.” 

I picked him up by the collar again and slammed him back down into the
rocks, the breath leaving him as he hit. The rage flooded every part of
my body. I wanted to scream, I wanted to pummel James so hard I would
have to carry him out of here in pieces. 

“I knew you were a fucking moron but I didn’t think you were this
idiotic,” I spat at him. “You know what James, you’re done. When we get
out of here you are packing your shit up and going home. You’re fired.” 

“I….I..I really need this job man,” James choked out. “I’m sorry. I’m
really sorry man.” 

“Fuck you. I thought you were hurt or worse. You put you and me in
danger and now we have to get out of this fucking pit!” 

I slammed my hand into the floor next to James face. Blood trickled from
my knuckles and mixed with the mucusy mixture. James’ eyes welled with
tears and his face reflected pure terror. A pang went off within my
heart. A memory flashed through my head. It was of my father, doing the
same shit, slamming me down and beating me for the smallest thing. James
was just trying to bring some levity to the work site, although the way
he did it was moronic. My face softened. I can’t be like him, I have to
be different, control the rage. 

I pulled myself off of James and pulled him up. “I’m sorry, I went too
far. Let’s just get out of here, we will talk about your job once we are
out.” 

James sniffled and wiped his face, trying to hide the tears in his eyes.
I bent down and grabbed the flashlight from the floor. My hand throbbed
from punching the stone. That was stupid. A bit of my dad passed down
through me, I just couldn’t contain it. I used the light to examine my
hand quickly. There were a few small scrapes from where my knuckles hit
the ground, the wounds leaking blood, but they were superficial. They
would heal quickly if left alone. 

There was a moment of silence between me and James. An unspoken tension
that filled the cavern we were in. It wasn’t completely silent though,
the cavern was alive with sounds from all over. Our breathing
reverberated off the walls and back to our ears. The dripping of the
melting snow from above gave the illusion of a metronome keeping pace
with some hidden rhythm, but there was something else. It was that low
guttural hum coming from deeper in the cavern. A buzzing in my brain
that made my thoughts fuzzy in a way I had never felt before. I almost
wanted to go deeper, to climb as far as I could until I could find the
source of this incessant noise and put an end to it. 

I turned the light back down the cavern, seeing what I could make out
from further in but it continued to slope down and the ceiling obscured
the descent. 

“Let’s go.”  I waved to James as we began the trek back to the
entrance. 

We could hear Dale and Clea yelling something from outside the hole but
it was muffled, like there was a dampener on their voices. We continued
to trek through the muck stuck to the walls. It coated my feet, making
it hard to not slip. I had to use my hands to grip onto the walls,
digging through a layer of the slime to reach the warm stone underneath
to steady myself. The stone itself was warm but there was something else
to it too. A kind of beating or thrumming that seemed to coincide with
the buzzing noise from before. It came and went in intervals, almost
like the cave had its own heartbeat. 

That idea freaked me out so I pushed the thought out of my head and
trekked on and soon I could see light outlining the slope upwards and
out into the winter air again. I could see Dale leaning down and looking
for any sign of life. 

“We are here,” I called out. “And we are both fine. James thought it
would be funny to pull a prank and dive into the cave.” 

I looked back with a stern face and James looked away, like a puppy that
had gotten into the garbage. 

“Help me up would you,” I called up to the two of them as I reached my
hands up. “I need a shower after all this shit.” 

Dale reached his hand down and grasped mine. It wasn’t long before our
grip began to slip, the slime making it much harder to grab onto
anything. I dug my foot hard into the stone of the wall and pushed up,
trying to get better leverage on Dale. 

“Clea,” Dale said. “Come grab Cal’s other hand. He’s covered in cave
gunk and it’s hard to grab him.” 

In a moment Clea was now above us with Dale. Her outstretched hand
joined Dale’s and I grabbed them both. They pulled and I started to make
some progress when I heard it. A deep moan from below me. It sounded
like when someone had gotten kicked in the junk when I was younger. A
deep and guttural, painful moan that rattled my bones and sent a shiver
down my spine. Dale and Clea exchanged a look of terror and then began
to pull me up faster. Then I felt pressure around my leg. I was being
pulled down. I looked down and saw James grabbing at my legs, holding on
for dear life. 

“Faster,” he yelled up to me. “I think there is something down here!” 

Then the floor dropped out from beneath him. I don’t know how it
happened. One moment he was standing on stone, the next it moved and
straightened out, the sound of rock cracking came from below and then
there was no more floor. The slope I was leaning on vanished and the
foothold I had disappeared. I scrambled with my one free leg to gain
purchase on something but the gunk on the walls was too slick. I
couldn’t get a hold of anything and now James was screaming from below
me, dangling over a darkened pit. His weight was too much. With one
final glance up I saw as Dale and Clea lost their footing and tumbled
downward towards me. In an instant my stomach flipped and we were
falling. 
