This is a true story. Don’t even know how to start this. Biggest mystery
of my life.

A random night about 3 years ago, I was going to sleep as usual, I was
feeling fine and everything was good. Now normally, when I go to sleep,
I put my phone on charge and leave it on the table beside me and have
been doing this for years.

I woke up the next morning, way later than usual so I must have
overslept. I go to grab my phone but it wasn’t there, but it was
underneath me and it was dead. I found this strange but I must have
slept with it on (I have 0 memory of that happening that night which is
why I was so confused). Anyway I plugged it in and when it came on I
opened Snapchat. My heart sunk. I had messages from some people I don’t
really talk to and a shit ton of messages from friends etc.

I instantly knew something was up (that I posted a story or something),
so before even reading any messages I check my story on Snapchat and
instagram. Nothing was there. I opened my friends messages and he told
me I have a story up. I went to check again in case I missed somehow yet
there was still nothing there. I thought I was being pranked. He then
screen recorded and screenshotted my story, there was a fucking story
there for him. The story was such a stupid meme picture and it was not
there for me.

Now here’s where I get creeped out. My sisters didn’t message me, they
would be the first to tell me I had a story up. I text them and ask them
can they see my story, and they said they couldn’t. I then started
asking random people Some of my friends couldn’t see it, some people
could, and I couldn’t. It’s like random people were able/ weren’t able
to view my story and I couldn’t . I asked someone to reply to my story
in hopes that I can access it there but when they did, I didn’t give me
an option to remove it.

I started stressing cus it’s such a random photo to have on my story
(for someone who NEVER posts anywhere) and I was creeped out. When I
viewed my story my friend replied to it said I posted the story
“whatever hours ago” (can’t remember at the time) and I remember that
time being 5am. I was fast asleep at 5am.

Now the photo, I’m 99% sure that photo wasnt in my camera roll, but my
friend said maybe it was, but it was my old phone so I can’t check.

I started thinking was I hacked? But then why couldn’t I see my story?
Why did I not put my phone on charge and on my table that night? Why
can’t I remember falling asleep that night? Why can random people see my
story and random people can? Why cant I remove my story?

I tried to use logic to get an answer, like okay, maybe I was so tired I
don’t remember falling alseep and my phone was in my hand and I posted a
random photo from my camera roll, but 1. Why couldn’t I see my own story
and random people could/couldnt and 2. I don’t think that photo was in
my camera roll and 3. It was posted at 5am and I went to sleep way
earlier than that.

Genuinely such a mystery to me and I felt like I was possessed or some
bullshit. I have a screenshot and my friends screen recording as proof.
Anyone have any answers? Appreciate for reading.
