I never knew the meaning of “dark.” Not really. Not until this night.
Not until this moment.

I now realize I have always been surrounded by light. I bathed in it.
I’ve been swimming in it my whole life. The daytime has always been an
ocean of light. I splashed through rainbows sprayed by crystals,
showered in the light of the moon, I was sprinkled by starlight. Even
when the sun had sunk below the horizon and the moon was tucked away,
light pooled under lamp posts and streetlights. Sidewalks were awash
with neon signs, the drizzle of Christmas lights, illuminated footpaths
streaming across the ground, and cars turned roads into rivers of white
and red light. 

Once I was driving through the California desert, long empty stretches
of pavement, no cars in sight. Just my headlights reflecting off the
pale roadway. The dashboard spilling a green-blue tint across every
surface it could reach. In a moment of calm, I pulled over, switched off
the car and stepped out onto the darkened road. I breathed in the dry,
cool, desert night, basking in a darkness so deep that I thought I could
feel it. Or so I thought at the time. The stars twinkled over me, a
spray across the night sky - the Milky Way brighter than I had thought
it would be. In the distance across the flat dry desert I could see
small lakes of light, homes and businesses pushing back the night with
their lights. The space in between those places felt darker, black in
contrast to the pavement and buildings that splashed light about with
near reckless abandon. I remember feeling the pull of both, the darkness
beckoning me, asking what might be in those shadowy spaces. But also the
draw of the light, the warmth ready to bathe me in its welcoming
embrace. In that moment, the dark road seemed to be the blackest place I
could find in the whole world, and it was comfortable, accessible.
Perhaps I was reassured by the closeness of those oases of light. After
a while I reluctantly climbed back into my car and drove on into the
night, determined to finish my trip. 

That was years ago, and as I stand on the edge of this different road,
thousands of miles away from that warm California desert, I am reminded
of it, the memory sharp and crisp and clear. In this moment, I realize
how naive I was. A child playing hide-and-go-seek with imaginary friends
under the watchful eye of tolerant parents. Protected, safe, and
oblivious to the dangers my games hinted at. But this darkness was real.
It was here, solid, and impenetrable. Its mere existence oozed menace.
The world no longer felt warm and comfortable and I was no longer sure
of my place in it. 

Tonight I was once again driving through the empty spaces between
cities. I fancied it my Great American Road Trip #18, a journey borne of
necessity, but also a desire for easy adventure. I had specialized in
on-site retail marketing, and part of the job required traveling to
retail locations to ensure special events went off without a hitch. The
money was okay and it satisfied my need to see new places and meet new
people. I got to drive the company car, they covered gas and provided a
modest stipend for hotel and meals. It was a good job. I had arranged my
work so I would spend a couple weeks in the office, setting up events,
inviting guests, managing signage and displays remotely. Then I would
spend the next couple weeks traveling from one event to the next,
checking everything over, shaking hands, drinking late night coffee and
talking. Always talking. I preferred the smaller towns over the big
cities. People gathered together more, shared their spaces, and while
first cautious of the outsider, eventually welcomed them into their
circles.

I should have realized the trend then.

Earlier this evening I was wrapping up a successful event. The visiting
speaker felt honored, the attending guests felt informed and the store’s
sales reflected it. We had sold out of the special orders, and it was
clear the attendees had picked up a broad range of other, related
products. As the store shut down for the night, the manager and I sat on
a bench out front, bathed in the pool of light, sipping coffee. She was
grinning ear to ear, gushing about the success and offering ideas for
future speakers and events. The conversation wound down and the doors
were shut and locked. The staff waved goodnight and hustled to their
cars. Slamming doors and the crunching of gravel under tires barely
detracting from the waves of light washing over us from their passing
headlights. 

The manager asked me where I was headed next, and I told her. A similar
town a few hours away. I could make it there tonight, check into the
small motel and be ready for the next event by tomorrow afternoon. I
remember her faint, thoughtful frown. She asked a few more questions. My
route, if I was looking forward to the drive. I told her I like the cool
night air, the ease of late night driving, it was a short route, over a
mountain pass, down the hill into the valley and back into civilization.
She told me to take the drive in the daylight, or go around, follow the
trucking route along the interstate. A check of my map told me it would
add hours to my drive and I would barely have time to sleep and shower
before I had to get up. If I drove in the morning, it would be tight and
I wouldn’t have time to wind down from the drive before the event
started. Neither proposition would lead to a good event.

She suggested I stay the night. I thought she was making a pass at me. I
turned her down as gently as I could - I didn’t need that baggage
hanging over us when I swung through again for the next event. Her words
had a faint whiff of need. I was firm. I’d follow my plan, make the
drive tonight. We could catch up later, maybe get some more coffee and
talk business. Eventually she gave up. I could sense her disappointment.
Her eyes were sad, like those saying farewell to an elderly relative - a
hint of possible loss. At the time I thought it was because I turned
down her companionship. Now I know it was something else. 

She insisted I call her when I got into the motel, no matter how late.
To be sure I arrived safe. She gave me her number. Feeling good, I
promised, hoping to make her sad eyes a little happier. It didn’t work.
She got into her car and drove away.

At 11:30, I set my phone to navigate the route. The system offered the
interstate, a 3 hour drive over well-traveled highways. With some
annoyance, I selected the route over the mountain pass. It would take me
a little over an hour, but I expected it to offer grand vistas of the
valley below, the sky awash with stars and a quarter moon.

The drive up the mountain was dark. The road empty. A wall of dark trees
lined the downslope side. Sometimes there were turnouts where one could
stop and look over the pass, but I kept going. The other side was a wall
of crudely hewn stone, the roadway carved into living rock. Metal
fencing was layered over the cliffside to prevent loose stones from
falling on the roadway, leaving the impression that people were trying
to hold the mountain back. I chuckled nervously at the thought of the
mountain reclaiming the road humans had made. 

I drove further on, nervously eyeing the mountainside. As I continued, a
sense of loneliness crept up on me. With not a soul on the road, it
began to feel as if I was driving out into an empty world, across a
planet that had suffered some catastrophe, something that had erased
humanity entirely.

Checking the navigator, it told me I was still 40 minutes from my
destination. I knew my perception of time warps when traveling new
routes, minutes stretching out longer than seemed possible. This effect
became even more pronounced when I traveled alone, in the quiet. It was
a sensation I craved when traveling, since even short trips could turn
into long, relaxing drives as my mind took in the new details and
searched for land marks. But this night, on this road, I felt I had been
driving for far longer than that. I turned on the radio, expecting a
little music would ground me. Instead I was greeted with static. The
creeping sense of loneliness had begun to turn cold, a wave of emptiness
that filled the forest around me and leached out onto the road. I
suddenly needed to take a break, and began looking for a turnout.

Ahead, the winding mountain road turned left, and a sign loomed out of
the darkness: Vista Point. I slowed and pulled over. The glowing numbers
of the clock told me it was 12:23. The navigator said I was 39 minutes
out. Static continued to pour from the speakers. Three deep, calming
breaths later, I turned to the radio and scrolled through the dial. A
couple blips of faint sound filtered through the static, but nothing
identifiable. I turned it off and rolled down the window. Cool mountain
air wafted in, the scent of pine and earthy dust helping clear my
thoughts. The sense of loneliness retreated, and from my car I could
look out over the valley and see the tree-covered slopes faintly
illuminated by the sprinkling of stars across the sky.

Refreshed, I started out again. As the road wound deeper into the
mountain pass, the trees became even more dense. I didn’t keep music on
my phone, so I kept driving on in silence, nothing but the sound of my
tires on the road and engine to keep me company. With the window down,
the sound bounced off the cliff face to my left and enveloped my car.
That emptiness had returned, held back by the tiny cocoon of life and
light on this desolate mountain road. The air felt heavier as I drove
further on. It felt harder to draw breath, and my chest tightened, as if
the air itself was pressing on me. Surely I would hit the peak of the
mountain pass soon. 12:34. ETA 35 minutes. I could keep going. I should
press on.

The air seemed warmer now, despite the higher altitude. A new scent was
underlying the dust and pine, a smoky note, nothing so strong or
specific as a recent fire, but a hint of ash, and suffering. My chest
tightened further, and steering my car along the winding road became
jerky, reactionary. The turns felt sharper, and I jammed my foot on the
brake to keep my lane. 12:36. ETA 37 minutes.

There’s something wrong here. The road is in good condition. Smooth,
perfectly paved. Properly graded to help the driver. But every turn
feels like driving a knife’s edge, where a single mistake could send me
off the road into oblivion. This is despite the wall of trees that line
one side of the road and the chained stone cliffs on the other. I feel
the need to hurry out of this pass but slam the brakes to make a turn,
the incongruity is frustrating. I’m panting. The air is hot and
oppressive. Sweat pours down my back, stinging my eyes. I have to keep
going. I have to stop. I need a break. I can’t stay here.

Another turnout ahead and I jerk the wheel to the side, jamming my foot
against the brake pedal. The wheels lock up on the soft shoulder and the
car skids to a halt. Habit takes over. Put car in park. Set emergency
brake. Smoky-smelling road dust drifts past my window and the headlights
splash pools of gold on another Vista Point sign. To the right, a small
rock wall denotes the edge of the turnout, and the sudden drop off
overlooking the valley. 12:39. ETA 40 minutes. This feels wrong, the
interior of the car suddenly feeling like a cage. I fumble with the door
latch and tumble out of the car, barely keeping my feet. I wipe the
sweat off my brow and feel the grit of road dust grinding across my
skin. Close eyes. Deep breaths. Is this what an anxiety attack feels
like? I open my eyes, the looming mountain just on the other side of the
road. The jagged mountain cliff barely restrained by the metal chain
links stretched over the craggy stone face. I turn away, walking through
the pools of light at the front of the car. I stop at the edge of the
shoulder, looking out over the darkened valley.

Or at least, what I assume should be the valley. Blackness below. Not a
single light, no street, no cabin, no travelers. I could only see the
tops of the first trees, their pointy tips faintly illuminated by my car
behind me. I waited for my eyes to adjust to the darkness, looking up to
the sky for the comfort of starlight, but the sky was black. Not a
single star showed above. Profound blackness all around me shrunk the
entire world to this small turn out, the cliff face. My car. The Vista
Point sign. This short retainer wall. And me.

Alone.

The darkness was palpable.  There wasn’t a detail to fixate on, but it
writhed. It vibrated. It swirled before me, a solid wall, but empty at
the same time. My head spun with it, as my mind tried to understand it.
The headlights dimmed slightly, and I swayed on my feet. The ground
tilted slightly, then further. Dizziness overwhelmed me and the ground
flew up to meet me, the powdery dirt and rocks slamming into my face.
The pain brought a moment of clarity,

I was lying on the ground. Next to a mountain road. My car was running
and I lay on the edge of a pool of light. Halfway between a solid
reality and an illusion. Scrambling to my feet, I looked up at the
starless sky. An impossible blackness so deep and true, it swallowed
everything it touched. It was mesmerizing. It offered a promise - cold
annihilation, oblivion. An endless hunger for anything that dared to
exist. It was entropy and the icy dissolution of everything I knew. It
was an invitation. A siren offering a truth I had once thought I knew.
All it asked was that I take one last step out of the light. My hands
trembled. The shaking traveled up my arms, across my back. It settled in
my spine, multiplying in force, my body begging to take action, to move,
to fight against my mind that was locked, staring at an eternity that I
couldn’t fully comprehend.

I stared into the black sky, and I could feel my leg lift, beginning to
shift forward, when the darkness opened. A single, massive eye rolled
around. Its details perfectly rendered before me, I will forever
remember the edge of the lid, the dark red veins threading through the
white of the eye, the dark mottled patterns of the iris, a profound,
eternal blackness at the center of the pupil. It seemed distant and
huge, yet the details were so clear that I felt I could reach out and
touch it. The eye fixed on me, and I could see the iris move as the eye
focused. My blood ran cold and every hair on my body stood on end.

The trembling was gone. My muscles unlocked. My mind cleared. I backed
up, never turning away from the horror in the sky above me. My hand
found the hood of the car, and I moved around the front, through the
headlights. Then I was in the car. The roof of the car blocking my
vision of the Eye. 

Years of driving made the car part of me. My tires spinning, wheels
turning. I peeled out of that turnout and retreated back down the pass.
I took the turns recklessly, whipping around corners as tires gently
screeched. The road, the car and I were one, and somewhere in the back
of my mind I knew this suicidal flight down the mountain was a race
against that darkness behind me. The air cooled as I sped down the
mountain. Trees whipped past. I pressed the gas further than I should,
tapped the brakes at the last second to make turns.

Then I was back in the light. Out of the mountain pass, roaring past
quiet homes with porch lights and street lamps, built to ward off the
Darkness. Light so abundant it stung my eyes. I finally slowed in the
middle of town after I had blown through two stoplights. My breathing
coming back under control, my sweat cold and clammy against my skin.

I looked at my phone. 2:14 am. ETA 1 hour, 18 minutes.

I pulled up the manager’s phone number and pressed Call. I could stay
the night here. Maybe tomorrow’s event wasn’t that important.
