I have found that this is my final option to understand what has
happened.  It began a month ago, and I cannot run away. I can’t run away
from anything.  Maybe I’ve always been this way.  Maybe I am running
towards it.  I’ve always said that I would run into the wind, not away
from it.  It started with a phone call.  My mother said she wouldn’t be
able to come over for her birthday dinner.  At first I was surprised,
but then thought maybe she could be coming down with something or maybe
she just wanted to spend turning sixty alone.  I decided to eat the
dinner myself.  I made lasagna and ate almost half the tray before
midnight.  I started to get ready for bed by brushing my teeth.  As I
went to grab my toothbrush I noticed the bristles were covered in
blood.  I didn’t remember bleeding like that in the morning when I
brushed.  The blood was dried, almost metallic.  I extensively tried to
wash it but I gave up.  

The next morning I made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for breakfast
and went to sit on the couch in front of the tv.  I don’t have a
fireplace, my TV replaced it. I turned on the tv and all it displayed
was no signal.  I couldn’t understand why.  When I went to try turning
it on and off, I saw that the power button had miraculously
disappeared.  How does that happen?  I went to the phone to try and call
my provider but the line just beeped endlessly. I listened to it beep,
beep, beep, as I stared out the window. My eyes locked onto a pigeon,
big chested purple, grey, and blue. As it soared the final thing it
heard was the caw of a red tailed hawk that swooped down and snagged it
right out of its stride. When I blinked the hawk was gone. Did this
happen? 

I realized I needed toilet paper and water so I decided to go down to
the corner store. On my walk there I couldn’t help but notice everyone
walking on the opposite side of the street from me. Not a soul was in
front or behind of me. As I approached the store, the owner, Emmanuel,
locked the door from behind seemingly not having seen me. I knocked on
the door a few times and even shouted a bit. Why was he closed at
12:30pm on a Saturday? I decided to turn around and head back towards
the bus stop. As I walked about half a block away I heard the bell from
the door of  Emmanuel’s store chime. I quickly turned around and saw
three people enter the shop. I stood there glaring, confused.  I moved
on, left foot forward. I should have used my right.

The weather at about one o’clock was barely noticeable.  As if nothing
was going on.  There was no wind and a cluster of clouds covering the
sun which created this grey effect in the neighborhood.  The bus was
supposed to arrive at 1:10.  I started to clean my finger nails with my
pocket knife when I accidently made a small cut under my nail.  It
burned momentarily.  I could see the bus down the block, it looked about
halfway full.  When the bus approached I got up from the bench.  It
stopped right in front of me but the door did not open.  I waved my hand
at the driver to no avail.  I looked inside and could see a mother on
the phone with her baby, college students chatting back and forth, and a
man sleeping in the back.  The bus began to proceed  forward and I
shouted.  Nothing came out.  I looked down at my hand and blood began to
seep from my nail.

I decided I would walk and not think about it.  I was thirsty, I still
needed water and toilet paper.  There was a small market store about
three blocks away.  I hadn’t been there before so I needed to look up
the directions to be sure.  I grabbed my phone from my pocket.  I opened
up the maps application, but my location was nowhere to be found.  The
market was supposedly on the corner of Ogden and Grove Avenue but I was
unable to be detected.  My hands were perspiring so feverishly that my
phone almost slipped from my grasp. 

I walked towards the general direction of the store, wiping my hands on
my thighs.  Soon enough I found the signage of the store illuminating in
the distance.  I stood at the door, standing there longer than I should
have staring inside.  I watched a man argue over the price of bottled
water.  The big market doors burst open blasting me with the air that
keeps the bugs away.  Am I a bug?  I look up at the security camera and
I can’t see myself.  I can only see other customers that walked past
where I thought I was, and the man arguing about water.  Where was I? I
turned to the counter and said , “excuse me?”  The cashier looked up. 
Not at me.  Through me.  “Next,” she called. I looked at the cut on my
finger nail.  The blood kept dripping.  I couldn’t feel it.  Suddenly, a
pigeon smashes into the window of the market, feathers explode
everywhere.  Nobody seemed to hear the alarming deathly slam except for
me.  I forgot about everything I needed from the  market and went back
outside.  I stared at the pigeon on the ground, warm, real, dying.  A
customer walking out of the super market walks past me and steps on the
pigeon, without notice, without stopping, without anything.  I rushed
over to the pigeon.  It was there.  It was right in front of me.  I bent
down, felt its crooked wings and picked up a feather. Whatever took the
pigeon, took me first.  

My phone then buzzed.  It said that I had missed calls and received a
voicemail hours ago.  It was from my mother.   I pressed my phone to my
ear and heard her say, “Why didn’t you answer?  I came by anyway.  The
door was unlocked.  I thought you would still be in there.  Why didn’t
you answer?  I came by anyway.   They told me you have left but..,”
static ensues and the voicemail ends.  I tried to cry but nothing came
out.  Have I been taken?

I needed someone, or something, anything.  What should I do?  My ears
began to ring and my legs felt tingly.  I saw another bus coming down
the block.  I wasn’t standing at a bus stop. I was on the sidewalk near
an intersection.  The bus was making its way down.  Cutting off cars and
getting in the right lane.  It got closer and closer and at the last
moment I decided to jump in front of the bus.  I felt a warmth come over
my body and then nothing.  The bus passed through me and continued on
into the intersection.  I was still clutching the pigeon’s feather in my
hand.  The sun became a spotlight on me.  I needed to get home. I
started to slightly hustle.   I checked back on the sun.  It was still
following me.  

Leaves on the ground began to twister around me, as if they were guiding
me.  I didn’t know whether to look at the sky or the cement I walked
on.  I kept trying to use my right foot forward.  I was tripping over
myself, almost falling, like a dream.  Have I been here before? I wanted
to stop and hide, but I didn’t know where I would go.  I needed to get
home.  My head was in the clouds.  I could almost see myself from up
there. I could see it.  My tiny self in a shallow puddle.  I looked up
and I could see my eyes pulsating. I knew they were brown but they
looked like holes in my skull.  A void of color, a lacking of light.  My
vision snapped back into my skull.  I was dizzy but I could finally
stand.  I started to walk forward, I needed to get home.
In a daze I made it down the streets leading to my place.  It felt like
I was being pushed through the wind, by a hand so gently on my back.  I
could feel the presence of something.  Something larger than me.  I grew
scared, but I didn’t know of what, or whom. My toes felt like they were
falling off, and then my whole foot, and then my legs.  Leaving me as
what felt like a floating head.  I was suddenly so small.  Shrunken to
the size of a penny. No thoughts entered or left.  I was just there. 
That’s when I noticed the lights and heard the sirens.

I came back.  I was wobbling down the block from my place.  There were
police and ambulance guarding the street.  No one stopped me from
crossing the line, not even the tape.  I hoped nothing terrible happened
to one of my neighbors.  There were so many cops I could only assume
nothing pleasant occurred.  There was dust in the wind.  I trudged
through it to get to my place.  I needed to rest. But that’s when I
noticed the door was unlocked.  I don’t remember opening it.  

The smell hit me first.  Metallic.  Familiar.  I followed it into the
bathroom.  My toothbrush was in the sink.  The bristles were clean.  I
looked down.  I had been lying here the whole time.  Slumped in the tub
with my neck slightly bent to the left.  Dried blood and spit trailed
from my mouth.  My hand twitched at the sight of it.  I dropped the
feather.  I tried to step closer, but I was already there.

Dear Reader,
It is just me now.
It began a month ago…                                           
