”Am I going to die?” The kid asked me as he was being rolled into the
operating theatre.

It was a question I’d heard a thousand times before, but answering it
truthfully hadn’t become any easier, even after years at the hospital.

”Of course not, we’re gonna fix you right up.” I lied.

He’d been crushed in a horrific car accident, and though we would put
all our effort into saving his life, hope was a limited resource. The
fact that he even remained conscious despite losing most of his blood
was bizarre enough, but after ten years on the job nothing surprised me
anymore.

The anaesthesiologist quickly put him under while we scrubbed in for
surgery.

Damien would be the surgeon, a specialist in poly-trauma cases, and I’d
assist. No sooner had we opened him up before we shared a look of
disappointment; There was no chance in hell he’d survive through
surgery.

Despite out lack of faith, we tried out best, but after only half an
hour on the table, his heart gave out.

”How was he still alive when he arrived?” Damien asked.

He pronounced the time of death and left us to clean up the mess. I took
the responsibility of cleaning the kid up for the morgue, a task I’d
committed to countless times before. It wasn’t something I personally
enjoyed, but to me it was my final chance to pay respect to the dead.

The kid couldn’t have been more than fifteen, and as I’d hear he was
just learning to drive. Unexperienced, and attempting his first drive on
a slippery road, he managed to steer off into a ditch. His father died
on impact, but he himself lived long enough to face surgery.

As I put the needle to his open abdomen, his body twitched for a moment.
I retracted the needle in surprise, wondering what had caused a post
mortem spasm.

Then the boy suddenly gasped for air as his eyes shut open, he let out
the most violent scream imaginable as he suddenly returned to life.

”Help me!” he begged with a guttural voice as I stumbled back in panic
and slipped onto the floor.

I called for help and the rest of the team came running into the
operating theatre, each panicking as they witnessed the dead boy scream
on the operating table.

His spine was fractures, so though he yelled in agony, he could do
nothing to move. The anaesthesiologist quickly attempted to sedate him
while we checked his vitals. Despite all evidence pointing to the
contrary, his heart had not started beating again.

He was supposed to be dead.

I started chest compressions, desperately trying to get his heart going.
I cringed to the sound of his ribs cracking beneath my hands, and the
boy’s screams turned to gargles as he was unable to gasp for another
breath.

“He’s not going under!” The anaesthesiologist yelled as he gave the kid
a second dose of propofol. Of course, without a functioning heart,
there’d be no way for the drug to flow through his veins, even as I
tried my best to pump for him.

After an hour of compressions, the chief of surgery had intervened, and
ordered us to stop. At that point we caused more damage than we helped.

”W-what’s happening to me?” The kid stuttered, still conscious.

None of us responded, we couldn’t find any words to describe the
horrific sight before us. Most of the staff had left due to the sight.
We’d faced many challenges in our career, but nothing quite like this.

”What’s your name?” I asked, despite already having seen it in the file.
I just wanted him to focus.

“Brian Dawson.” He responded.

I took a deep breath, doing my best to keep my composure.

”You were in an accident, Brian.” I told him.

His eyes darted frantically around the room as he started to realise
where he was, he tried to lift his neck, but due to the spinal fracture
he was completely paralysed.

”I can’t move, I-I can’t move.” He cried.

I walked closer, standing directly above him.

”Brian, your heart isn’t beating.” I said.

The chief of surgery, George, grabbed me by my shoulder and whispered
into my ear.

”We need to isolate the OR, whatever is happening here is beyond us, and
it could be contagious.” George said.

He rushed into the preparation room picked up the phone. Through the
glass door I couldn’t hear what he said, but I assumed he was calling
security to shut down the ward.

”W-what about my f-father?” Brian asked, trying to hold back tears.

I was taken aback by his question. I’d just told him his heart was
destroyed, and that was essentially dead, yet his first concern was
regarding his father.

”I’m sorry Brian, he died on impact.”

He sobbed quietly.

“So, what’s going to happen to me, I’m going to die, aren’t I?” He
asked.

I didn’t know what to say, I’d never been in any similar situation, so I
just gave the only answer I thought mightbe of some comfort.

“You’re not alone, I’m staying here until the end.”

George had been quick to shut down the operating theatre, and the Centre
for Disease Control had long since been alerted to our situation. We had
nothing to do but to wait, and pray to any God that Brian wasn’t
contagious.

I had already been exposed, so I examined Brian, checking for any chance
of improving his situation.

“Can you feel this?” I asked as I checked all his limbs.

“Not a thing.” He responded. “But, it hurts so much on the inside.”

“Where exactly does it hurt?” I asked.

“Everywhere, please do something!” He begged.

I gave Brian a dose of fentanyl, but without a heartbeat to move the
drug around, I had little hope it would take any effect at all.

To keep him distracted from the pain, I asked mundane things about life,
what his hobbies were, family stuff. He was smart enough to realise my
intentions, but went along with it, either out of fear, or because he
actually hoped someone could save him.

Hours passed while we waited for someone to tell us what to do, half the
surgical staff had been put into quarantine, terrified that they might
be infected.

Finally the CDC arrived on scene, fully geared in hazmat suits, They
allowed us to roll Brian into his own space; a pre-operation room had
been evacuated, so he could stay somewhat comfortable. The rest of us
would be put into the surgical office while the situation was being
assessed.

I decided to stay with Brian, no one should have to suffer alone;
Especially with the CDC agents probing hime with all sorts of needles,
enthusiastically taking samples.

The only reason they allowed me to stay, was because I kept him
relatively calm.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

We talked through the night, after the procedures were finished I
couldn’t sleep, and I doubt Brian was physically capable of it.

“My eyes feel a bit weird.” He said.

“Do they hurt?”

“No, the edges are just kind of blurry, it’s weird.”

I left to talk to George who was still working around the clock, calling
around, making sure the other patients were redirected elsewhere.

“What if we put the kid on a heart, lung machine?” I asked.

George put the phone down for a moment and sighed.

“Then what? He has no functioning liver, his aorta is cut into pieces
and his intestines shredded, even if we got him a new heart, he’d never
survive.” George responded. “Just keep him company while you can.”

I knew he was right, but some of my professional knowledge was put aside
due to the insane nature of the situation.

“Doctor!” Brian shouted.

I rushed to his side.

“I-I can’t see!” He stuttered.

I pulled out flashlight and examined his eyes. Both pupils were
unresponsive, and his eyes had started to almost deflate, which was one
of the stages of decomposition.

Brian had started to rot.

“Please, I’m so scared.” Brian was a brave kid, but he started to lose
his composure just like everyone else in the ward.

I kept talking to him, but the inevitable truth was that if he kept
decomposing, he’d soon lose all his senses, all the while being
conscious to experience it. As horrible as it might sound, I begged that
it might finally allow him to pass on.

We kept talking. I asked him if there’s anyone he wanted to call, but as
I already knew from the others: Brian’s mother had died during
childbirth, and his father had been in the same accident as himself.

As we talked, Brian’s voice kept getting louder, as if he was struggling
to hear.

“Are you hearing me alright?” I asked.

“What did you say?” Brian basically yelled.

His hearing had deteriorated within minutes, going from impaired to
deafness, before I could even begin to help.

With him being blind and deaf, we no longer had a way of communicating.
No matter my attempts, I couldn’t comfort the dying kid, and the CDC
quickly decided that my presence had become unnecessary.

Brian kept screaming in terror and agony after I left. For each passing
second his own body started digesting itself, and nothing we could do
would take the pain away.

By the morning, his screams had silenced.

I barged into the room, much to the dismay of the agents. Brian was
hooked up to hundreds of cables, monitoring his heart, brain, muscles
and vital values.

Of course, his heart showed no activity, and the decay had progressed to
shut down all his muscles. He had quieted down not because the pain was
gone, but because he wasn’t able to scream anymore.

The only part of his body still working, was his brain.

“What the hell happened?” I asked.

“Get him out of here!” One of the men demanded.

The other man complied, but went outside with me to explain the
situation.

“You don’t have to worry about it being contagious, we’ll lift the
quarantine in a moment.” He said.

He looked weirdly somber as he spoke those words.

“What about Brian, what will happen to him?”

_“He’s still conscious, but he has no respiratory function anymore. So
we have no means of communicating.”

Brain was still alive. Blind, deaf and dumb he had to suffer in
loneliness, unable to die.

“How long does he have to suffer I asked?”

“We’ll know more when we move him to our specialised facility.”

The senior CDC agent demanded that his colleague kept quiet before they
could tell me anything else.

They left with Brian, covered him in an airtight capsule, so no one
would see the horrors that had just occurred within our surgical ward.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As soon as the quarantine was lifted, I headed home to write up my
letter of resignation.

I had a well connected contact within the CDC, but upon trying to get
more information, he claimed no such case had even been presented to
them, that no one had ever been admitted to their facility under the
name of Brian Dawson.

About a month later a lawyer, accompanied by a doctor, showed up at my
door with a bunch of documents; All regarding doctor-patient
confidentiality.

The lawyer looked tired, worked down to the bone, as if he’d made many
such trips before. He asked me to sign the documents, and to never speak
of this again, saying I’d lose my medical licence if I did. Not that it
mattered to me, I’m done in that field for good.

I was given an injection by the doctor, he told me that Brian’s disease
was not unfamiliar to them, and that it was extremely contagious, but
only upon death.

He explained that half the population is infected with a disease that
keeps the brain conscious for hours, even days following death. Brian’s
case was special in the sense that he actually retained some motor
function, and was able to speak to us.

The injection given was not a cure, it’ll only prevent me from spreading
the disease, but once I die, I’ll suffer a fate similar to Brian’s.

I just hope someone will stay with when it happens.
