Please note this story is 100% authentic. & it is connected to a prior
story I wrote on here.

👉🏾My house didn’t want me to leave👈🏾

When I moved into my apartment back in 2018 my mother wanted to buy some
things for my new place. (I’d already been living there about 5 months
at the time) We went to this antique shop that sold both antiques as
well as up to date items for a good bargain. I came across this black
oval shaped mirror that can spin forward Or backwards. And from the
moment I saw that mirror I knew I wanted it or so I thought.

my mother walked up to me and asked, “ You sure you want something like
this”? I replied, “Yeah ma look how nice it is. Plus it matches the
furniture I got. I just want everything to be color coordinated.” She
replied back saying, “Well that’s you. I don’t like them type of mirrors
in my house. They look real creepy.” I laughed at her a bit because my
mom is like overly religious and sometimes can take things a little too
far at times.

We went to check out and the gentleman who checked me out (I’ll never
forget his name as long as I lived) Vladimir was too excited to sell the
mirror. He said it had been sitting there 5 years and no one had bought
it yet. My mom said that it kinda sounded strange and I said yeah that’s
strange but, oh well it’s mine now. It was getting dark so I went and
dropped my mom off then drove myself back home. My husband was working
the night shift during the time so I was home alone until about 5am in
the morning.

I put the mirror in my living room that night and I headed to bed early
because I had to be up for work 6 am the next morning. As I fell I felt
this God awful feeling I couldn’t shake. I ended up having this
terrifying nightmare that seems like it was endless. I dreamed I was
attacked by this demon With red eyes and teeth like a wolf. I woke up
out of my sleep around 3am in a sweat. I laid there for a few minutes
trying to collect my thoughts. When I finally got my thoughts together I
walked across the hallway to the bathroom so I could wash my face and
while in the process of that it sounded like I heard foot steps walking
in my living room.

I walked out of the bathroom and down the hallway to my living room and
was startle. M mirror had been slightly moved and was facing another
direction. All I could think in my mind was, “What the fuck?” I knew
where I put it and now it’s in a different location. I’m tired but not
that damn tired. At this point because I had experienced a lot of crazy
paranormal stuff in my life (read my stories) I said oh well and went
back to bed. When I woke back up my husband had made it home from work
and was up watching tv as I was getting dressed for work. He said, “Babe
where you get this mirror from?” I replied, “Oh my momma got tha for me
from the antique shop a few blocks down. He replied,”Oh okay. It’s kinda
nice you got it matching the furniture too so”. Yeah baby it is pretty
nice.

Months had passed and I had given birth to my oldest son but also, I had
been experiencing the crazy stuff happening in the house as I mentioned
in the other stuff. I think everything was affecting my husband a little
bit more than me because he wasn’t used to this like I was. But at the
same time I didn’t want to be home just in case some real crazy shit
popped off because I had a new baby and didn’t want anything to happen
to him. I’d started staying with my mom for a few weeks and decided g to
my house one weekend to spend time with my husband. When I got there my
husband was sitting on the couch. He got up kissed me and we sat down
talking. In mid conversation I stopped and said, “Hey whatcha doing with
my jacket on the mirror?” He replied, “Oh babe let me tell you
something. Since you been gone, even more crazier shit been happening
here.” “Like what”? I asked. “Babe I swear it feel like that damn mirror
is fucking watching me. And seems like it moves. You know I pay real
close attention and detail to everything. I covered that mirror up
because I don’t like the way I feel with it being in the hallway now.
And the other night I walked past it and I could’ve swore I saw
something in that damn mirror. The shits wild man.” I sat there for a
moment taking in what he was saying.

My husband like to drink so sometimes I think his imagination can mess
with him but, considering what’s happened in the house I’m aware it’s a
big possibility for some crazy stuff to happen there. Boy I was in for
some real horrific shit following the last few months of us living
there. Things that you’d only read about in books or see on tv. You
couldn’t even imagine the horror that was getting ready to hit my life
because of this mirror. & the fact I believe the fate of others had
something to do with the mirror….stay tuned for part 2
