I made this as a comment to a post that reminded me of this. I thought,
however it deserved it’s own post. I can also make a series out of this
with stuff that’s happened to me and still is!… urgh…

I need to add that before I post this. A little bit about me.

My Nick name is Kallyanna. I’ll use my maiden name in this post, or
maybe series if I feel like sharing more about my personal life.

Here’s the thing, I have 2 Hearts.

One is normal and the other is a size of a walnut that DOES beat, but
off-rhythm.

I’ve been laughed at and also called a “TimeLord”? By some, some of my
closest friends nicknamed me “the doctor” cos I helped them out in
medical emergencies growing up. They also referenced a tv show, I have
lived though my mother binge watching Grays anatomy to know I have no
interest in this show!

I don’t really have any special abilities, well, unless you count the
fact I can play any instrument put in front of me without learning it.
Give me a few minutes, then request a song. I’ll play it….!!!! On
whatever instrument you give me (minus the trombone) no clue why but I
just can’t figure that shit out! hats off to all you trombone players
yo!

I also have this strange issue with dreams. I find myself getting into
other peoples dreams and they come true… usually, but not always
(thankfully)

Anyways, on to the comment that I posted on something here and people
were intrigued. Here it is. One of my weird things my friend asked me to
do for them.

I have a friend that has teens into paganism atm or ‘Wiccan’ mixed. She
caught them in a conversation trying to summon a demon or something
(proper blood ritual too).

She called me (I’m your average looking - some say quite pretty for my
age of 36 - long ass it’s also below my ass black blue hair that has a
natural plum streak in it and pearling dark ocean blue eyes that can go
pearlescent purple if the light hits my irises correctly, my toddler
also has the same eyes as me! #BlessedOrCursed? - I can’t get rid of
that damn streak no matter how many times I dye my hair!)she asked me to
come over whilst she could hear them doing the “ritual” I knocked on the
door. She let me in asked me to have my hair down fully.

Sure ok, w/e but she also had a plan. Using my “inhuman” birth (twin
absorption) to scare the girls. I am an anomaly that has 2 hearts. One
normal and one next to it that is the size of a walnut.

She takes me up to her daughter’s room and she says (you know about
these ritual thing and buggers off leaving me standing next to her
daughters bedroom door)

I roughly can translate Latin (thanks school!) and they neared the end
of their “””ritual”””. I knocked on the bedroom door and they all
started screaming….. I was kinda in my element at that hehehehehgehe

One of the girls threw the door open and my friends daughter (they were
aged 13 - 15) freaked and my friends daughter said “oh Shit! KALLY!!!
This is your kinda thing! Come in!”

She introduced me to her gaggle of friends as “mum’s witchy friend”
(seriously mega eye roll) one of her friends asked if I speak Latin well
(of course I fucking do child! It was mandatory in school back in the
day! 😆)

She said she read the words to a summoning spell. I asked her what they
were trying to summon. She looked at my friends daughter and then at her
other friend. I was like “okayyyyyy, I can’t help if you don’t fucking
tell me!”

My daughters other friend that the other one had glanced at said
“A-a,a,a Siren” he stammered.

Oh so you thought that bringing one here would be of benefit to you
guys?!

“Yeah” he said.

“Why?” I asked. Because we thought it would be cool as fuck to finally
meet a non-human thingy?”

I sighed and said, “well your spell did work”

My friends daughter asked me “no one is here though?!!!!”

Now I forgot to mention that her little brother who is 8 yea old is in
the ‘let’s play doctor’ phase of his life (honesty their is hope for the
kiddo, he’s quite knowledgeable!). I had his toy stethoscope.

I might also want to mention, I used to teach singing back in the days
when I lived in Canada as a side hustle before my work visa came in
there. I said “a siren eh? Did you want it to sing to you or what?”

He was like, “kinda? I guess”, “What song did you want it to sing?” I
asked, now amused.

“Misty mountains cold from the hobbit!!!!!” A girl that was previously
quite exclaimed (she looked about 15 years old or so with black makeup,
probably the instigator for this entire charade….)

Now little did they know, I can hit some pretty decent bass notes, 5
years of practice (and difficult as fuck for octave jumps)!

What did I do? Started singing ‘Misty mountains’ in a man’s voice. The
second verse I switched to my normal octave.

“Wow Kally! You’re a good singer and that was UN-S-A-N-E” my friends
daughter exclaimed.

“Can you help us with the ritual maybe? I don’t think we did it right”,
her gothic friend asked.

“Oh you did”, I smiled. I had a sudden urge to visit my old friend I’ve
not seen in about 6 years until tonight. Stopped in, knocked and,
directing my gaze to my friends daughter, she asked me to help you guys.

“Mums fucking weird!” She exclaimed, “Language!” I warned…

“But then I need to tell you guys that your little ritual actually
worked”.

They all looked at me in confusion (I could hear my friend giggling
under her breath outside the door..) “for fucks sake Jen stop giggling”
I thought to myself. “You’ll give us away!”

I pulled her little brothers stethoscope out of my back pocket. “Listen”
I added.

They all recoiled in shock at listening to my hearts beating out of
rhythm. My walnut one has a distinctive tap to it along side my regular
heart.

They all backed off and exclaimed “WHAT THE FUCK” (over and over) I
said, “well your ritual worked and I’m here, I don’t like portal’s, too
cramped and URGH…. I prefer the door”

Turned around and walked out of my friends daughter’s room leaving them,
I think a mixture of gobsmacked and terrified? Yeah, no clue what they
were REALLY trying to achieve….

But me and my old friend had a nice ‘Irish coffee’ after that (FUCK
LYING IT WAS BAILEYS! It’s awesome ik?!)

She thanked me and asked if I was up for trying blood magic again to
help with some fucking issue she’s got with her ex. I said I’d provide a
translation but that, was , all!
