mind you, i have not editted this. Enjoy.

Eric shudders through his sobs as Father Pig screams. The outburst is
the first Eric has heard any of the Pigs say, before now, he hadn’t
known they were even capable of speech. Eric wishes he will never have
to listen to it again. It’s voice is gruff and loud and Father Pig does
not pronounce consonants well. Its declaration sounds more like a
wailing animal’s protest, but Eric is able to understand the words, or
actually, understand the menace in Father Pig’s voice.
Eric manages to get his trembling hand to get a hold on the fork he had
put down in an act of rebellion he will not try again. He pins it in
place with the tips of his fingers and the heel of his ruined hand, pain
making his trembles become spasms when he pushes the fork into the meat
in front of him.
Eric sputters prayers as his forearm cramps. He does not want to look at
the meat in front of him. There are two options: Pig Family eat pork,
others like them, or Pig Family eat… others like him. He does not want
to look at his abused hand. It is bloody and swollen and when Eric did
look at it by accident, he saw white jutting out from the wound where
Brother Pig hit him with the hammer -”it didn’t put a nail through my
hand. It didn’t put a nail through my hand.” Was his first thought when
he awoke after a pain-induced faint- after Eric stabbed its back with
the fork he ate with now when Brother Pig put the first nail through the
inside of his heel and stuck it to the thick wood of the chair.
He does not want to look at Pig Family. Them who stare at him with their
black, beady eyes, the eyes that watched him screaming and begging
because death is more merciful than being this scared. Them who witness
him, covered in his own blood with tears, snot and saliva glistening on
his face as he forces his battered hand to cooperate as he puts the
mystery meat in his mouth and chews, and think in their big empty heads
that this is the correct arrangement of things.
Once satisfied with Eric’s compliance, the family recommence their
gorging, which had been interrupted by Eric’s reluctance to do so as
well. Meat slops from their jowls mid-chewing, jaws working on cracking
pieces of bone Eric was not aware were in the meat. Eric cries again,
but now he is silent. No use doing it any other way. 
He closes his eyes, repulsed by the sight, but his other senses
heighten, and now he can hear every crunch of cartilage, their soft
grunts as they rip more flesh from the mound on their plates and into
their mouths. He can smell it as well, unclean and putrid. he can’t
smell blood but he knows its somewhere, placebo making it so he thinks
he can catch a whiff of it and when he does, his abdomen tightens and
what little he swallowed of whatever it was that sat on his plate burns
up his throat. Eric hunches over himself, his body contracting as he
vomits on himself. He no longer worries of the agonizing pain in his
ankle or his battered hand, he just wants to go.
Eric is pulled off his chair without warning. The heavy wood dragging
with a screech and Eric’s protests. Pig Family stays seated. They watch,
no longer eating. Eric struggles against the grip of the new participant
in his torture. He cries out, swinging with his arms, but his position
-half-lifted off the chair -renders him almost completely defenseless.
It is as the new-comer begins to move with heavy, unrelenting treads
that Eric notices he is a man, not another of the pigs, which should be
logical, but he had not registered it. It is twisted that another one
like him would do this, although the man is not like Eric. They are
similar in the sense that they are both grime and blood covered humans,
but the apathy in the man’s demeanor, the cold of his dark eyes - Eric
could only muster those traits if it gave him a chance to escape. 
What else Eric notices when the dragging takes him far enough from the
chair his legs straighten, is the aching pain shooting up his numb
muscles. The pain coming from his severed nerves and through his stiff
calves. Before he can react, the man begins tugging sharply ignoring
Eric’s yells and pleas. With one last jerk, the nails rip off Eric. He
screams before collapsing.
The man heaves Eric’s unconscious body so he can drag him by his arms.
He grunts softly as he takes Eric’s body away, trailing red where his
legs touch the floor. All the while the Pigs watch from their place at
the dinner table.

–

The den is full of us. There are too many. So many we can’t sit down,
there just isn’t space. It’s dark and it’s cold and the dirt beneath our
feet is damp and muddy but not quite.
I’ve been here for a couple days, but a woman I met yesterday told me
she managed to “dodge the draft”, like she said, for five days. I wasn’t
in the mob for the drafts, so I consider myself lucky.
There is lots of crying here, fights break out every while or so. Most
of the time they are about the people who sleep - or the ones that
faint. Their argument is that if not everyone can have that luxury,
neither can they. They need to hold up one way or another. Other times,
they are about immorality and starvation (“We’re dying and they’re
sleeping! Just a waste of space!”).
The draft happened early today. It was pretty scandalous, well, not that
I have much experience in this since its only the second one ive
witnessed. I guess they took a batch of people with at least the remains
of a will to live, that by these standards is quite a lot.
Something’s happening at the far end of the den. I cant see over the
crowd, im not tall enough. 
“Whats happening?” i call out to no one in particular. 
When i get no answer, i push my way through towards the source of
commossion. At some point i must have gone into the mob, because nothing
else will explain why we’re being shoved through a set of wide doors. I
must seem crazy to anyone who noticed me walking straight into the mob.
A poor soul so miserable she would sneak into the lineup for the
butcher’s knife. 
As the mob is slowly drawn back and into the big room where the doors
lead i catch a glimpse of the woman from the day before. She looks back
at me with pity in her eyes. We’re in the room, they close the doors.
There is much more space in here. Those who arent crying eith fear or
uselessly kicking at the door lay down for the first time since they
were sent ot the den and fall asleep. I do the same. When i wake up i
take a good look at the room. It’s white walls are stained and dirty.
Something smells rancid and there is definitley mold on the ceiling.
There are several doors on the wall opposite from which we came. 
I wonder what will happen to me. I remember the first months of the den
my uncle told me a man had come from there, a crazy man. My uncle
described how his ankles were torn (how does that even work?) and that
the man had dragged himself all the way there since he couldnt use his
feet. He said he rambled on and on about nails in your feet like Jesus
Christ and meals and “we are the new cattle OOOOH!!! GHOST STORIES”.
Ofcourse, Uncle traumatized me, and thinking back on it, it was stupid
and extremely overexaggerated, but all stories come from somewhere. 
A man takes one of us into one of the rooms. He is thrown in and then
the door is locked. The man goes for the next person and then the next.
He puts a woman in the room perpendicular to me and before he closes the
door I see for just a second a table for four and three Pigs waiting to
begin their meal.
