No, really… Be careful!

And don’t do what I did by thinking you’re sure of anything while out in
the field.

I live in the southeast, and was a kid growing up through the 90’s. I
mention that because it doesn’t feel that long ago, but also happen to
believe that era may have been the end of kids spending most of their
time outdoors. Important in understanding that when I say we spent a lot
of time outdoors I really mean A LOT.

Back then the street I grew up on was on a peninsula surrounded by a
lake. I could ride my bike in any direction minus one and within just a
few minutes be swimming. Or, if the lake didn’t sound fun could be in
any number of creeks that fed into said lake.

Point being we came across a lot of snakes.

I’d start sounding like Bubba in the movie “Forrest Gump” did naming all
the ways to prepare shrimp… “itty-bitty snakes, mean snakes, green
snakes, big fat snakes…” you get the idea… if I tried describing all the
different snakes, or all the things a group of boys could do with so
many snakes.

We never considered any of them could be poisonous (or venomous
whichever it is I never claimed to be a snake expert just seen a bunch);
they were all just water snakes. Leave them alone and they’ll leave you
alone.

That mantra served me well, and despite our best efforts I never heard
of anyone being bit.

Well, fast forward to 2015ish, and I’m an adult playing hooky from work
on a nice spring day to grab a fishing pole and hit the lake.

There was a spot I had in mind, but had only ever fished it from a boat
because there wasn’t a good way to get to it by shore.

And I didn’t own a boat.

I could however park further up and walk the shoreline for the mile or
two down to where I wanted to be.

Great plan! Terrible bank to try walking. All overgrown brush, flat
vertical bluffs dropping straight into deep water and hundreds of
snakes.

I do mean hundreds.

We had recently gotten a lot of rain and for whatever reason that always
stirred them up like someone poking a hornet’s nest with a short stick
does.

I assume their dens get flooded, but again I’m no expert.

So anyway, I’m doing my rock climbing maneuvers convincing myself by
this point that the mother-of-all crappie holes is just another mile
down at the end of this god-forsaken bluff. Not even thinking much about
the snakes as they had never been an issue before and they’re all
harmless water snakes anyway, right? RIGHT?

At long last, I’m at the end and finally where I want to start fishing.
Except even at the end of the bluff there is no shoreline. It’s just
vertical rock ending in water.

Well, I haven’t come this far not to fish so I do the only logical thing
and free-climb my way down to a spot that is maybe ten by ten feet in
area and in only ankle deep water. Didn’t bring my waders. I never owned
or had any to my name come to think of it.

It didn’t matter though. I got down there and finally got a line in the
water. And within the first few casts I’m reeling in the first crappie
of the day.

Just how I planned it. Love when a great plan comes together!

From then on it was quickly turning into one of the better days I can
ever remember fishing. In less than an hour I’d put around ten keepers
on the stringer and let a few more than that go, allowing them to fatten
up for next year. I was having fun and zoned in on my next cast.

Looking back later, I hadn’t even begun to think about just how the heck
I was going to carry what was already a heavy stringer out of there. It
was difficult enough coming in with just light tackle and pole.

I would have figured it out too, but never got the chance because at
right around the hour mark (and out of absolutely no where might I add)
I get hit with a pain that can only be described as being hit with and
electrified baseball bat on the backside of my calf.

In a bewildered state of shock and near panic I look around and over to
see one of these dang water snakes latched on to and flopping all over
my once beautiful calf. In a panicked state of fight or flight
adrenaline I grabbed and pulled to sling it as far away as fast
possible.

And, that worked. Sort of.

The pulling part ended up being more like two quick yanks due to it
actually being latched. The first pull just stretched it out until the
second more forceful “get-this-mother-bleeper-off-me-now-YANK” sent the
SOB flying. And consequently left me bleeding way more than I’d ever
expect.

So I’m now in sort of a predicament at this point without really
realizing it might be serious. Remember, they’re all water snakes you
dummy.

Them snakes ain’t poisonous.

My leg does hurt like all heck though and I’ve got a long walk. Plus
I’ve got dad’s voice in the back of my head replaying all the times of
him telling me they aren’t poisonous, but have really dirty mouths that
cause bad infections.

My dad never claimed to be a snake expert either.

So putting all this information together, I decide while not an
emergency I should begrudgingly release what I’ve caught so far and
start making my way back to the truck. My very far away and very distant
truck.

Releasing all those fat juicy crappie hurt more than I care to admit,
but by the time I was finally back and standing there next to my once
distant truck that pain was no longer even a thought. The pain coming
from my calf, however, was quickly becoming my sole and excruciatingly
painful top of mind focus!

It was still bleeding way more than even makes sense, and was overall
really feeling horrible. But at least I’m behind the wheel and can get
myself home now! I wanna clean up in a hot shower. That’ll get the wound
cleaned and help all these muscle aches at the same time. Love me some
two bird one stone solutions.

Never claimed to be a doctor either.

I arrive (thankfully) back to the house, and begin doing exactly that.

In the shower and thinking about how many fish steaks I would have on
the stringer by now if not for that dang snake, figuring I’d have caught
my limit and would be ending the day on a much happier note right about
now. Then, in a jolt of pain not too different from the initial bite my
calf muscle starts going absolutely berserk.

Locked up in the worst cramp I’ve ever felt and spasming all at the same
time. There’s some kind of pinkish not blood but what else could it be
gooey-fluid ejecting from the holes forcefully enough to splatter all
the way to the shower wall with every spasm.

Hm. That’s new.

Shower must not be good for water snake bites. Ironic I know.

So I get out, dry off and move on to plan B. Call Mama.

She’s smart.

She also has the added benefit of working for my family doctor with the
ability to work me in if I gotta go. Which is sweet because I don’t care
to go much less spend all day out in the waiting room with the plebs
when I do. On the phone with her and telling her what happened up to
this point awaiting as she advises accordingly:

“Yea, probably wouldn’t hurt to let him look at it cause you probably
need some antibiotics at the very least.” Is her initial response. She’s
obviously heard about them dirty mouthed snakes too.

Behind the wheel again and really really not feeling well I bee-bop on
over to the doctor’s office which very fortunately is only a five minute
or so drive across town. I pull in and am met in the parking lot by my
doctor and his nurse. Mom had given them a heads up I was coming and
what for.

I’m still not sure if they’re snake experts, but they’re most definitely
medical experts and taking everything I’d brushed off to this point way
more serious than I had so far. Doctor takes one glance, looks at his
nurse and just nods and says something like “yea now “.

With that she turns and does a brisk walk/not quite jog through the
parking lot while the doctor kinda pokes at my leg asking about the
snake and what it looked like. “A water snake, doc bout like they all
do. Except this one was way meaner..” was about all I could muster in
response.

In that two second interaction and all of a sudden out of no where a car
comes flying in and stops next to us. It’s the nurse and she’s taking me
to the Emergency Room. Like, now.

All I hear from my doc is “Now. Get in”. I get exactly one word of
protest out before he shouts over it with “DO YOU WANT TO DIE TODAY?!
GET IN THE CAR!!!”

Why so rude doc? He never was known for great bedside manner.

This is pretty excessive in my non-expert opinion, but it didn’t take
expertise to see I wasn’t winning this one. Hospital is only another
five or so minutes down the road like everything else in this town. It
is surrounded by water ya know.

The nurse pulls in to the ambulance bay and a bunch of people come
running towards us. Looks like they’re racing empty wheelchairs and
coming right towards us.

No, this isn’t some odd wheelchair raceway, doc has called ahead to prep
them for our arrival. The man really wasn’t playing around.

Neither was the hospital.

I didn’t get out of the car. I levitated from the car into a wheelchair
with the help of an unknown number of hands grabbing whatever they
could. Very touchy-feely hands might I add.

They get me straight into a room and start running IV’s, shouting poke
at somebody and asking someone other than myself a whole bunch of
personal questions about said self.

Like who the F are you asking my blood type to? I don’t even know the
answer to that.

Oh, Mama’s here already. Yea she’ll know. Must have told them I don’t
wanna be here all day either cause they’re are hustling it on
everything.

Which is awesome.

Things calm down, and the room finally clears down to me, Mama, and the
doc. Not my doc though. The hospital doc. And I’m pretty sure he’s
definitely a snake expert.

He asks how I’m feeling which is great because no one else has till now.
At least someone has some bedside manner.

Medical expert too, check.

So I start telling him how silly all this is over a harmless water snake
and I don’t even feel my leg anymore so it’s all better. I’ll take some
antibiotics now and be on my way.

He said he was glad to hear the pain was being managed but that I was
gonna have to stay a while. Then he taught me the guaranteed way to know
whether a snake is venomous or not. Oh and it’s definitely venomous not
poisonous. Taught me that too.

They’re venomous because they inject the bad juice directly into their
prey. Snakes do that with fangs. The venomous ones all have fangs, the
non-venomous do not, and the visual observation made by my doctor back
in his parking lot was figuring the two small holes could very well be
from fangs. When he gave my leg that second poke with his finger while
the nurse was getting her car he confirmed his hypothesis by removing a
hollow fang from one of them.

Oh he apparently also hit the calf with a shot of morphine too. “The
heck for? It’s not even hurting anymore”, to which the ER doc laughed at
me! Like seriously he was laughing out loud. So much for that bedside
manner.

When he was finally through with that he said “yea I don’t guess you do,
but when you do just let us know and we’ll turn that morphine drip
you’re hooked to up some more.”

Me: confused pikachu.

“When was the last time you looked at your leg?” Doc is full of
questions, but I can’t really remember. Drying off after the shower
maybe? Not long. What time even is it?

A lot later and longer than I thought.

ER doc says he has a mirror if I wanted to look at it while I was
feeling good.

“But only if I feel up for it.“

Don’t make it weird doc. It’s just a calf. My calf at that.

So, with his pathetic excuse for a mirror I look down at what appears to
be… something.. something pretty gross looking. A pack of hamburger meat
left out in the sun all day perhaps?

Oh F again. That’s my leg.

Am I dying today? I specifically remember NOT choosing that option when
my doc asked. From there he goes all “I’m a Medical Doctor and local
snake expert and you’re not” mode with word salad.

It boiled down to I should be fine, but would have some hurdles first.
They were going to keep me a minimum of 24 hours drawing blood every 30
minutes to look at something or another that I can’t remember in order
to make sure my blood wasn’t coagulating (?) too much.

They have anti-venom there that is universal to our area (doesn’t matter
what kind bit you as long as it wasn’t your pet cobra). They only use
that though if absolutely necessary (nice way of saying not wasting it
on idiots such as myself). Biggest danger was right after it happened
while I was climbing and walking my way out.

Being oblivious to that danger (therefore reasonably calm) most
definitely helped.

Ignorance is bliss.

As bad as all that sounds the morphine most definitely compensated for
all of it. Ten out of ten do recommend if you ever find yourself
snake-bit. I was happily getting checked out after the 24-hour
monitoring. Oh and with heavy duty antibiotics because apparently dad
had one thing right. They got some really dirty mouths.

All that really really long story for no other reason to say F some
snakes and the average person should probably just assume they’re
poisonous (or venomous I forget). Leaving them alone and they will leave
you alone has some obvious flaws as well, but honestly I should have
turned around before ever getting to the spot I was bitten. If hundreds
of snakes are in the area you should probably do the opposite of pushing
forward.

For the record I know this is way too long, probably full of errors, and
has nonsense that makes zero sense but I enjoyed typing it all out
instead of worrying over all the tornadoes the news has been talking
about in the background and keeping me awake the whole time.

Tornado snakes sounds awful.
