Hi. It’s me again, Sarah. You might remember me from a series of stories
I posted on this thread back in 2019. Or , let’s be honest, you might
not. We were all kids back then. but maybe reading this will remind you
of my story. I’ll also link part one below if you would rather start
there.

do not play the elevator game part 1

Great, now you’re all caught up. Over the past 7 years I have recieved
many comments and private messages all asking the same question.

‘Did you ever go back for Aiden?’

And the answer to that is… yes… sort of. Well, I guess what you could
say is Aiden came back for me.

This happened a couple of years back when I was in college. I was pretty
young when I wrote parts 1-4 so I promise that this time my writing will
be more readable and quicker.

So after the events of the last story, as I said, I told my family what
had happened. They told me at the time that they believed me but the
several different therapists that they set me up with over the years
suggested otherwise. Alongside how distant our relationships has become
now.

When I was 18, I took a gap year before going to college and travelled.
I visited lots of different states, a bit of Asia and some countries in
Europe. It was great! This was the first time I had properly traveled
since the elevator incident. Which is probably another reason why me and
my families relationship became so distant.

My first and second years of college went well. I didn’t seem to have
any paranormal issues or scary moments. In fact, as much guilt as I feel
saying this, I almost forgot my whole experience in the other world.
(I’ve decided I’ll call it dimension X for ease).

Obviously, I still thought about Aiden from time to time but trying not
to think about it and burying it was my way of coping. Because if I
thought about it then I would have drove myself crazy wondering if he
was still out there somewhere. I had to force myself to forget.

During my third year of college, I went through a rough patch. I hadn’t
spoken to my family in a long time and felt kind of lonely. Graduation
was getting closer and closer and I didn’t want to deal with the real
world at times. I just wanted to be young.

So I partied. For a month straight, I partied. As any college student
would do (but, admittedly, shouldn’t!).

One November night, I had just got back to my dorm building. It was
around 3am and I was still slightly tipsy from the party I had just been
to. All I could think about was getting into my nice warm bed after my
long night out.

I stepped into the elevator, noticing my smudged eyeliner from my night
out, and let the doors close. I lived on the 5th floor in my building so
pressed the button to number 5. When I did this, the elevator light
flickered off but I thought nothing of it at first. Why would I? I had
lived in peace for years.

After a few seconds, the light turned back on and (with a lot of noise)
the elevator started moving up to my floor. As the elevator got closer,
it started to make a loud, deep creaking sound. Actually, it was almost
a groan. As if it was struggling to get to the floor.

Then, silence.

At first I thought it was a maintenance problem until I heard an old
familiar sound coming from the other side of the closed doors. It was
the chanting. The chanting from the shadow ritual.

The doors hadn’t opened yet so I repeatedly pressed the floor 1 button
in hopes that it would take me back down before the doors opened.

When I did this, the elevator groaned again but this time louder. The
lights flickered on and off repeatedly and when I looked in the mirror,
what I saw sent me right back to my 14 year old self.

It was the woman. The tall woman with long hair, in the dirty white
dress. She was standing behind my in the mirror. Towering over me with
her height.

“No…no…no!” I started crying and fell to the floor, head in my hands.

The groaning got louder and louder.

“Not again, not again…” I whispered to myself over and over until…

DING.

I looked up. The lights were back on and the woman was gone. From the
floor, I saw that the elevator doors had just finished opening. I peered
out to see multiple faces looking at me and laughing. The faces of other
college students.

They snickered to each other and I quickly realised that I was back in
my dorm building. Quickly, I stood up and wiped my tears before walking
off. As I made my way to my room, I could hear them talking about me due
to the corridors echo.

I remember making it back to my dorm and wishing that my roommate was
still here. She had gone home to visit family the week before
thanksgiving. Considering what had just happened, the emptiness on her
side of the room felt eerie so I dug out my old nightlight and plugged
it into the wall.

I fell asleep.

In my sleep, I had a dream. A dream about Dimension X. Flashes of the
shadows, the knights, the woman, Melody and Freddie. Or at least 2
people who looked like Melody and Freddie.

And that’s when I heard it. It was Aiden’s voice. My mind searched for
where the sound was coming from until I realised that it wasn’t coming
from my dreams. It was coming from my real life. From my bedroom.

I blinked my eyes open and as they adjusted to the light I realised that
there were two people in my room.

“Sarah! Sarah. Wake up.” one of the people whispered. I’m sure you’ve
all assumed by now that it was Aiden. It was (but I wasn’t conscious
enough to fully understand this yet).

But there was another person stood closely behind him.

“wha-who is it?” I muttered sleepily

“It’s me! It’s me. It’s… Aiden” he said kneeling down by my bed. I shot
up.

“Aiden?” I asked, as if I thought my eyes were deceiving me.

“Yeah… do you remember me? God, I know I look different but how long has
it been?”

“You look the same” I laughed. He laughed too. I hadn’t seen him in so
long that I almost forgot what his face looked like. Sure, he looked
older. But he still looked like the same Aiden I was stuck in that world
with.

I placed my hand on his face and continued “It’s been 7 years. I thought
you were de-”

“I’M here too by the way” the guy behind him blurted out.

We both turned to look at him and I removed my hand from Aiden’s face.
There was a moment of silence. I didn’t recognise this man. He looked a
few years older than me and had curly hair.

“Oh um yeah Sarah this is Jacob, Jacob meet… Sarah” Aiden said

Conversations from the last time we were together played in my mind. The
conversations we had with Melody and Freddie. This couldn’t be…

“Jacob?” I asked

“Hi.” Jacob said

“THE Jacob” I questioned again

“Yep.” Aiden nodded

“The one and only…” Jacob muttered

“I thought HE was de-” I started

“He was.” Aiden interupted, grabbing my shoulders “Well, I thought he
was. Look, there’s a lot I need to explain. But I need you to come with
me because a lot has changed. And a lot of people are in danger.”

“A lot of people are in danger? Who’s in danger?” I asked

“Come with me and I can explain on the way.” Aiden asked

’Aiden, how are you even he-” I pushed him off of me.

“Sarah, please!”

Once again, there was a short silence.

“If I come with you, can we take the stairs?” I asked politely, trying
to lighten up the mood.

“No.” He replied with a straight face, but a deeper look in his eyes.

And when I looked into his eyes, I could tell. He wanted me to come
back. He was going to take me back there. To dimension X. The other
world.
