 I got all the cartons and packages up to my floor after an hour. I was
very tired after climbing up to the seventh floor back and forth
carrying my stuff. The elevator in the building I had just shifted to
was not working, some technical error said the security guard. 

I recently shifted to this new apartment for a new job I had found in
the city. I was looking forward to this day for a long time but this
broken lift ruined it all for me on the first day itself. 

Today was my night shift at the hospital so around 8 pm I got ready,
locked my apartment and set out for work. Out of habit I pressed the
elevator button , to my surprise it was working. As I entered the
elevator there was a sudden drop in temperature in there, maybe due to
the big fan inside it making so much noise. Inside the elevator a poster
caught my glance. It was white paper with 3 rules written on it 

1.  Do not look for the lion 

2.  Help no one but yourself 

3.  Always press button for your own floor

I was running late so I didn’t think much of it, probably some kids put
it there. The Elevator stopped at ground floor , I got out and headed to
work. 

Next morning I returned from work all tired and slept the whole day, it
was my weekly day off. I didn’t cook dinner that day and decided to eat
outside. It was 11:30 at night , maybe something was still open I
thought. I went to the elevator and pressed the button. After a couple
of minutes the door opened and I entered the elevator. Quite some time
had passed and still I hadn’t reached the ground floor. Then I could
hear a man’s scream , it felt like a distant scream coming from
somewhere below me. The voice said “Hey…..is anyone in the elevator?
Please help me I’m stuck in the basement !! Anyone there ?”

“Basement?” I thought. I hadn’t seen any staircase or anything on the
ground floor leading to the basement but when I looked at the elevator
buttons there was a button for basement. I had never seen it before but
there it was. I pressed that button. The elevator doors opened. 

It was completely dark in there , I couldn’t see a thing clearly. I
could see walls covered in mud , rusted metal sheets and rods there.  I
walked a little and saw an opening in the ground , there was light
coming from it. I stood over it and glanced down , there were metal bars
along the wall that I climbed down. I tried calling for that man but
there was no answer. 

As I got down I saw leaking pipes , rusted metal rods and pipes on the
floor. Across this I could see a large metal cage like structure with a
big door. I went towards it to inspect it, it was open. I stood in front
of the gate. On it was another sign with text “Lion’s Den : Authorised
personnel entry only”. I tried to peek inside it , I couldn’t see
anything. I heard the scream again from beyond the cage. “Please help
me!”. I hesitated at first but the thought of someone trapped inside
compelled me to enter. As I entered it felt like I was inside a real
cave. I stepped on something and heard a cracking sound and I froze.
Slowly, I looked down. It was a bone. I looked around and

saw a human skull lying a few feet away. My heart skipped a beat, I
couldn’t feel my legs for a moment.

 Something moved in the darkness. I stopped breathing and listened. Then
came a deep, low growl coming from the darkness. My heart was pounding
in my chest. I was drenched in sweat, my hands were trembling, and I
could barely catch my breath. Panic took over as I realized I had to get
out of there. I turned around and ran back as fast as I could, barely
looking behind me. When I reached the gate I locked it from the outside
and ran towards that vertical passage with metal bars.

As I was climbing I heard that man’s scream again from behind me. He was
screaming for help “Hey don’t leave me here alone !! Come back and open
the door!! A lion dwells around here ! Save me please!”. At that moment
I just wanted to reach the elevator. I climbed as fast as I could and
finally reached the elevator door. I pressed the button as hard as I
could. 

The doors opened , I entered inside and pressed the button for my floor,
the seventh floor. I glanced at the paper with rules for a second. I was
still breathing heavily. The doors opened and it was not my floor it was
the basement. I pressed the button again for seventh floor. After a few
seconds , doors opened again and it was the basement again. I was in
disbelief, I couldn’t believe my eyes. My vision was getting blurry.
This time I pressed all the buttons of the elevator and sat down on the
floor. I was feeling weak and couldn’t stand. It started to get dark in
front of my eyes as the elevator climbed up. I could barely see or hear.
I heard the chime of the elevator but it sounded different this time. It
was like the sound of the heart monitor. “Beep” “Beep”.

The darkness closed in.

Next thing I knew, I was lying on a hospital bed. Apparently I was found
passed out in the elevator by one of the residents of that building. He
called the ambulance and got me admitted in the hospital. It was nothing
serious, I was discharged after a few hours in the evening. I thanked
the neighbor who found me. Next day I called the movers and moved to a
new apartment. I told the neighbours I got a better paying job on the
opposite end of the town. I never inquired about the elevator, the lion
or the man stuck in the basement. I can’t even tell if it was actually a
man.
