Hey guys!

I’m hoping that someone can help me out with a programming question I
have, I’m not finding a lot of luck on google and you know they say
reddit answers are better than AI most of the time.

Last Monday I got a new job as a control room operator in a very large
manufacturing facility nearby, If you live around here you automatically
know what I’m talking about. I don’t work for the main company, it’s one
of their third party contractors. I’m a temp, I was hired because the
former guy got in some kind of accident with the robots and the manager
had a two week vacation he wasn’t about to postpone. The only real
orientation I got was two days of sitting in a conference room talking
about the importance of safety and hygiene… and then they told me I’d
get job specific training on the floor.

This supervisor guy basically pointed to the computer screen in the
control room, and told me that all the robots are already programmed.
All the little red lines on the screen are their pick up and delivery
paths, and this job is basically a cake walk. He said occasionally
they’d sense something that wasn’t there, or two of them would try to
drive to the same location, and I’d have to walk out to where they were
and clear the errors, and make sure they started driving again. I spent
two days on shift with the guy before he left for his vacation and he
spent more time talking to the pretty HR lady than he did showing me
anything.

Now it’s my first night shift, and there is barely anyone here. A few
guys are running machines but I’m the only one in my department. The
robots are kind of like little forklifts, but they don’t have forks,
just 4 wheels, a shelf for storing the objects they’re moving, and a
round little top with lights that blink blue when they’re fine, yellow
when they’re reversing, and red when they have an error. Simple enough,
I thought. Around 6pm I got bored so I decided to take a walk to look at
the tunnel. The tunnel is a huge ground level roadway that connects one
building to another. The idea is that we can make labels in one
building, the other guy makes bottles, and the main company makes the
stuff that goes in the bottles. The robots drive through the tunnels
bringing all the little parts of the product together.

On my way to the tunnel, I noticed one of the robots stopped to
reconfigure its travel path. As I walked past the red error light
blinked on for just a second. I turned and watched, making sure it
wasn’t going to error out. It must have finished uploading its
programming because once I walked past it kept going. Back in the back
of the warehouse are the robot charging stations. The robots charge
automatically whenever they have down time. As I kept walking my little
loop, two of them were on the charger. As I approached they both
flickered red and reversed out of their spots. I know it was just
programming, but it felt kind of.. personal. Like If I had walked into
the break room and two guys got up and left the table.

As I rounded the corner I came to a T shaped intersection of the robot
travel paths. Three robots were sitting there facing each other and
reconfiguring. Whenever more than one robot’s travel path causes them to
need to occupy the same space, the programming calculates who has a more
urgent need, and then that one goes first. What was weird about this is
that they were flashing all three colors of lights. BLUE YELLOW RED. RED
RED. YELLOW BLUE BLUE YELLOW. No one ever told me anything about the
lights other than blue was go, yellow was reverse, red was error. Within
a few seconds of me standing there, first one, then the second, then the
third, went back to blinking blue lights and turned down the path I was
next to. As they drove past me they flickered red again for the tiniest
second.

I decided instead of using my downtime for a walk I’d go back and look
in the huge dusty operation manual I saw under stacks of printed emails
on the supervisors desk. I figured if he was mad I touched his desk I
could explain that I had some questions about the lights and I wanted to
be proactive. When I picked up the manual, there was sharpie written
across the top. STEVE MICHAELS. DONT TOUCH MY F*** BOOK. Steve must have
been the nightshift guy I replaced? Maybe? I took it over to my desk and
opened it. He was either a crazy person or a genius, he had written TONS
of notes in the book, some things were totally unrelated “NEED NEW
SOCKETS-9mm” Some things might have been repairs he was working on “FOOT
WILL CONNECT TO CHARGER DURING RESTART, BE CAREFUL” with careful
underlined like 6 times. Before I could even get to the table of
contents I heard beeping on the big tv screen. Three of the robots were
in error mode and like, 10 feet away from the red line travel path. they
were wayy down the tunnel like a half mile away from me. I grabbed the
remote handheld control and my bump camp and took off.

Like I said before, the tunnel was mostly for robots. There IS a
pedestrian walkway but it’s not like the ones on the production floor
with guard rails. Its just some blue paint on the floor. Since the
robots only travel on their pre-programmed paths and no humans driving
carts or forklifts are supposed to be in this area, no one thought they
needed guard rails. The tunnel was nice and cool, and as I went further
into it the noisy production floor faded out and I could hear the faint
beeps of the robots. They sounded… too fast though, like more peppy than
usual. I picked up the pace. I turned left and they were on the other
end of a long incline, I swear I caught a flash of blue light when I
rounded the corner, but as I looked at them carefully they were all just
motionless, blinking red lights, with their slow steady regular beep.

After I huffed and puffed up to the incline I figured out the problem
pretty fast. THere were like… a hundred dead and squished crickets in
this area. I could see tire marks from the robots trying to reconfigure
their location and get themselves back on the path. I connected to them
with my remote controller and helped them locate the positioning nodes
and get back into the travel path. They were all slowly driving toward
me and back into operation when the last one veered off course a little,
overlapping the pedestrian path just where I was walking in front of
them. His little bumper pushed my boot ever so slightly. It felt..
threatening. I must have not programmed that one to the positioning
beacon correctly so I stopped it, reconnected it to positioning, and
sent it back on its way. It seemed to be working fine after that.

By this time It was like 10pm and I was starving. I went to the break
room vending machine and got myself a monster and some chips and a honey
bun. I was sitting there when I realised.. I was definitely supposed to
be taking my break IN the control room so I could keep monitoring the
robots.. ooops.

Back in the control room I looked carefully over the screens for any
kind of error, and All the robots were in normal operating mode. Thank
god. Nothing like having to explain down time on your first unsupervised
day, am I right?  But then I noticed, all the way in the far left
screen, there was a robot that was showing in normal operating mode but
it was WAY out of bounds, in a totally separate manufacturing area that
didn’t even USE the robots. Thats not good.

Me and my trusty remote control taking another long ass walk across the
facility, I guess. At least there’s a good chance I’m going to lose some
weight at this job, I thought to myself. Back through the tunnel was
starting to give me the creeps, every robot I walked past It felt like
they paused slightly, or would turn toward me a little. I kept telling
myself I was just getting the scaries because of that near miss earlier
and everything was totally fine.

At the other side of the tunnel I stopped at the door to the other
company’s production floor, the company who makes lids for the jars. I
had never been in here before, I didn’t even think they WORKED the
weekends. It was really quiet inside their area, and the overhead lights
were off. As I stepped inside the lights switched on. Great. Motion
sensors. I followed the blue painted travel path into the bigger
production area and saw in the far corner the overhead lights were on. I
didn’t hear any beeping though. I walked through the center of the
building and got to a corridor where I could see the robot. Its lights
were like… spinning. I don’t know how to describe it.
REDBLUEYELLOWREDBLUEYELLOW it looked like a circus ride or something.
And it was driving the same little area over and over again, forward and
backward, forward and backward. Was it stuck? In front of me was a
machinery platform with stairs.. I think they call it a mezzanine? I
climbed the stairs to get a better look. The window in this area was
open and there was like.. literal bird crap dripping down the wall.
Gross. Pigeons. There was even dirt on the window sill.. upon further
inspection I realize it’s a bird nest.. That’s when I looked down and
realized.. the robot is repeatedly running over a baby bird and flashing
its lights like a carnival ride. What. The. Hell.

I fumble my remote control out of my pocket. It says I’m too far away to
connect with the robot. I get down the stairs and make my way around the
machinery to get closer. I step out near the robot and it stops moving,
and its lights turn off. It turns around and drives up to me, like,
uncomfortably close, and jerks to a stop. I feel like it’s sizing me up,
and I swallow because all the spit has disappeared from my mouth. Then,
its blue light starts blinking. It reverses and heads back the way I
just came.

I walked outside the building at that point and came back the long way
around and in through the main entrance. I’m back in the control room
typing all this up, and I just wondered if anyone knew anything about
robot programming? I just looked out the window of the office and there
are 4 of them out there parked and facing my window, and they’re all
blinking red. 
