I don’t know if that will make her leave me the hell alone but I’ve
gotta try something.

Last night, I was scrolling through the list of available home health
aides in my local area. Not the most engaging way to spend the last
moments of your weekend but it had to get done. I hate to admit it but
Mom and especially Dad have wilted in their retirement years. A fall
here and a forgotten name there snowballed into lasting issues.
Eventually I decided to move back into my childhood home and my
childhood bedroom to look after them.

They deserved it after all for having been such great, supportive
parents. Mom, the old free-loving flower child and Dad, the former cop.
They were really quite the odd couple but to me they were simply the
best parents a kid could ask for. Their days of dropping acid and
arresting baddies were long gone though and father time was catching up
to them by the moment. Shortly after I’d moved back home to live with
them, I’d realized that even all of my precious few after work hours
that I could dedicate to their care weren’t going to be enough. Before I
let it slip my mind, I set up an in person interview for Tuesday with a
nicely dressed woman that we could just barely afford.

No sooner had I finished before I was doomscrolling under the covers in
bed on ig instead of sleeping. You know how it goes. An hour slipped by
followed by another. Before I knew it, I was 4 hours deep into the
binge. I was watching shorts like a zombie or some sort of living,
breathing AI. I had never been a big believer in putting the phone down
and just closing my eyes.

At some point after 3am, I woke up to the gentle kiss of my phone
wrecking me in the face. I must have fallen asleep for just a moment. I
had been comfortably curled up in bed upside down with my head where my
feet should be. My comforter was splayed out with half of it on me, half
on the floor. And of course I’d held my phone gingerly, dangling
ominously above my head.

Through the pain of a burgeoning fat lip and broken pride, I realized my
phone was blaring the sound of an Instagram short. Over some stock
twinkly melody, that same weirdly cheery female ai voice repeated:

“Day 5 of sharing my practical and fashionable mom outfits”

The video must have been all of 5 seconds long. As I laid with the back
of my neck draped over the edge of my bed, my hands blindly felt around
the cluttered bedside floor. I twisted my blanket about in a lazy
attempt at a desperate search for my phone. The assault on my ears
continued as the line repeated. “Day 5 of sharing my practical and
fashionable mom outfits!”

By the 9th time I heard it, I felt that I’d begun to lose my mind. And
by the 15th time, I was in perfect sync with it. As I sloughed off my
bed and onto the floor, I sang out, “Day 5 of sharing my practical and
fashionable mom outfits!” while doing my best sarcastic face. I tossed
shit around aimlessly and fumbled around on my floor in the darkness.
Hope for a fast recovery was draining by the moment. I realized my phone
must have taken one of those funny jumps. Not funny haha. Funny sad. One
of those jumps where it was probably deep under my childhood bed.

I craned my neck to see and sure enough, there was my phone in the dead
center of the hazy dark beneath the bed. It glowed in the darkness,
mocking me. By that moment, I think I had really personalized this
conflict. The phone had not only battered my innocent face but now also
sought to psychologically torture me with the psychotically cheery “Day
5 of sharing my practical AND fashionable mom outfits! Teehee!” I’d had
enough. Like a badass, I jammed my shoulder against my bedframe,
stretched my fingers to their absolute maximum and pulled my phone back
from the jaws of hell.

That’s when I saw her for the first time. My very first thought was that
she looked like a bitch. That wasn’t fair though but it sure as hell was
how I felt. Really she was just a fairly plain white woman, maybe late
40s, early 50s. She had long brown hair that looked dry and thin.

She sort of danced? Well she tried to do something with her body
anyways. She began with her head turned away, leading into a cheesy over
the shoulder glance. What a flirt. Turning, she stared unblinkingly at
the camera. She clumsily swayed her wide hips back and forth while
modeling a sleeveless tan sweater, tight corduroy pants, and the
charming dead eyes of a fish. With her wrists held out on either side of
her, she sort of resembled a belly dancer, just the sort of flabby,
tired one you’d hire from Craigslist. As she looped her stilted little
mom jig to the relentless sound of the AI voiceover, her ever present
sallow grin began to incense me.

I’m not proud of what I did next. In retrospect, I’ll say that I really
wish I hadn’t been so petty.

“DAY 5 OF BEING A STUPID OLD BITCH!!! #ozempic,” I typed.

I wish that’s where I’d stopped. Mean comments just kept coming to me in
a flurry as I furiously swept through her page.

I threw out “Day 6 of sharing my saggy old anteater tits on Ig!!!”

The accompanying video was her showing off her mom bod in a one piece by
a pool.

“Day 69 of sharing my shitty AND stupid tips on getting the driest hair
in the trailer park!” was my take on her latest upload before something
caught my eye.

In her gallery was a photo that stood out. It looked to be her from
years ago. She was standing in a field with who I presumed to be her
son. He was a soldier by the looks of him. He stood partially dressed in
uniform. His cap was too small. I mean it was comically too small for
his massive head. He saluted the camera with his man boobs puffed out
while his mom wrapped her arm around his waist. It occurred to me that
even he looked pained to be next to his mother.

I quickly patted on my keyboard, “ i MiSs mY dEaD gAy sOn 😭😇,” put my
phone on do not disturb and went to sleep.

I awoke to my work alarm and before I could even silence it my phone was
exploding with notifications. Dozens and dozens of comments and mentions
from instagram rolled in too fast to read. As I swiped up to the
homescreen, the latest notification from ig was in full view.

“elanarosa4197 - homegurl do look like a freak but this nasty omfg”

My heart skipped a beat. I double tapped the comment and when it opened
I felt like I might faint. There I was. Except it couldn’t be me. The
image in the post was a mugshot of me looking disheveled with red puffy
eyes and running eyeliner like I’d been crying hard. Obviously someone
had photoshopped me into the image but it looked official. It had the
typical cookie cutter layout of a mugshot from my county’s sherrif’s
department. It even got my height and weight and my fucking date of
birth correct. According to the mugshot, I’d been charged with:

Unlawful Sexual Contact

Elder Abuse

Aggravated Stalking

Making Terroristic Threats

I felt physically ill as I scrolled past numerous reposts of the fake
mugshot, trying to trace back where it all started. It had been posted
by so many randoms but not just them. I was on mugshawtys, dumb
criminals doing dumb things, and all other manner of pages that post
mugshots for content already. Worst of all there was even an honest to
god patch article for my local area.

I was seething with anger and felt like I was living out some nightmare.
I replied to messages at light speed. Even my own actual friends were
dming me asking if I’d really been arrested. I very nearly shit myself
when I saw a dm from my coworker, Isla, asking if I’d seen the mugshot.

“Peter from biz dev ops sent me the link this morning… girl r u good?”

“Fuck!!” I screamed. I threw my phone. Just as it smacked the wall, the
ringer went off. I scrambled to pick it back up. Incoming call from
Work.

“H-hello?”

“Hi, this is Marina from Exzelt. Am I speaking with Sarah?”

I struggled to put on my work voice.

“Uh, yeah! Hey, Marina,” I said as cheerfully as I could manage, “how’s
it going, girl?”

“Sarah, hey…so HR has gotten a few reports this morning that relate to
you. Is it possible for you to come in a little early so we can have a
pre-shift chat regarding some of our concerns?”

Hot tears were welling up in my eyes as I assured Marina in the most
positive, innocent sounding voice that I could muster that I’d be there
asap. As we hung up, a wave of anger crashed over me. Who the fuck did
this to me!? I went back onto ig and scrolled back as far as I could,
going from repost to repost looking for the origin of the photoshopped
mugshot. There it was. There she was.

@SophyStartingOver

The crispy haired, practical AND fashionable old witch that I sorta went
off on last night. She’d posted the mugshot to her page and written,
“some people are just so sick #sad.” She’d @’d more instagram pages than
I could count.

“What the fuck is your problem you stupid fcuking asshole?? What are you
trying to do to me!?” I fired off the message as I slung my leg into my
work pants.

Just as I was closing the app and tossing my phone onto the bed, I saw a
reply.
“ ; ) “

I didn’t have time to think about this crazy woman. I never left myself
enough time to get to work by 8 and now I needed to be there fifteen
minutes early so I could explain to HR that no, I hadn’t fondled a
grandma or whatever. I threw on a scarf and hustled downstairs.

“Mom, Dad I’ve got to go! Have to get to work early for a meeting! Love
you!” I called.

“Have a nice day, sweetheart,” my elderly mother called from the
kitchen. “Don’t work too hard now, princess” my father added from his
worn out recliner.

I kissed my dad on the top of his head as I went careening by his chair
towards the door. “I won’t!”

As I walked out the front door and onto the stoop, I paused for a moment
to check my phone. It was just after 7 as I stepped out onto the muddy
winter streets. My job was only a block up and a couple over but the
sidewalks were treacherous. They’d iced over in the aftermath of the
snow pounding we’d taken over the weekend. Like a woman possessed, I
hopped over patches and speedwalked where I could.

As I crossed the little bridge before my last turn, a streak of black
ice took me out. My legs came out from under me and I flew ass up before
landing hard on my back. I cried out. I screamed. Not because I was in a
lot of pain. I mean I was in a lot of pain but this was just the last
straw. The stupid starting over lady on Instagram pranking me, my job,
and now a bruised tailbone was the icing on the cake. The stress of it
all was too much. I enjoyed a few moments more of primal yelling, dusted
myself off, and kept going. To make it all worse, I could hear some
asshole laughing at me in the distance as I gathered myself together.

I hurried inside when I got to the office, trying to hide my face from
the gaze of my coworkers. They peeked over top of their cubicles to see
if they could get a good look at me, the undercover grandpa molesting
stalker and part-time terrorist. I slung my purse across the chair at my
desk and hurried to the meeting room. As I got closer, I could already
see through the floor to ceiling glass panels that Marina and 2 of her
HR colleagues were watching something on the large monitor on the
opposite wall. One of them, a lanky guy that I wasn’t familiar with,
waved his hands in an animated way. The other, Craig, the head people
officer at our branch, tried to calm the lanky man down as Marina held
her head in hand. I accidentally made eye contact with all 3 as I
rounded the corner. And just as I reached for the door handle, the
animated guy pushed past me roughly as I tried to enter, practically
shoulder checking me.

Before I could sit down and say good morning, Marina began.

“Sarah, as you know, we here at Exzelt believe the sanctity of all life
extends to all living beings, not just humans. Actions that compromise
that standard—even in an employee’s personal capacity—can create serious
ethical misalignment and reputational risk for the company.”

“Wait, what?!”

Craig interjected, “right, and to operationally contextualize what
Marina’s saying, the misalignment indicators we’re observing in your
conduct trajectory intersect directly with our core value stream.”

“What? Can you…what are we talking about? The mugshot?!”

“The cat,” Marina exhaled looking down at the table. “It’s about the cat
video from your instagram.”

“What cat video? From my account? I don’t have a cat! There is no cat?
So there can’t be a cat video! I honestly don’t know what this is about,
Marina. You’ve gotta believe -”

“Is this you?,” Craig asked as he stood next to the monitor pointing at
it with the remote in hand.

On the screen was a photo of me standing outside my parent’s home. It
looked like the photo was taken from across the street maybe 45 minutes
earlier. How was that possible?

“Yeah, that’s me but where did you even get -”

Craig pressed play. As the video began, the video version of me was
standing just at the bottom of the walkup to my parents house. It
appeared I was looking down at my phone. She was wearing the exact
outfit that I was still wearing down to the shitty green scarf my aunt
had knitted. As the video continued, an adorable orange cat approached
and nuzzled up against my ankles. Suddenly… I kicked it. I mean it
wasn’t me. But the girl that looked like me in the video kicked the cat
hard. It made me flinch as I watched. The kick sent the cat skidding
into the metal post at the bottom of the stairs. The poor little thing
howled in pain and anger as it ran away as fast as it could. I was
floored.

“No. But that’s not -”

Craig interrupted, “I want to pause you right there, Sarah—because you
just explicitly identified yourself as the woman in the video. And at
this time, that admission provides all the operational clarity we need,
okay? We won’t be requesting further details from you right now.”

Marina chimed in, “so you can see the need for the team to trigger-” she
motioned with her hands as if she was molding a ball of clay. She
paused. “Let’s call it an immediate Employment Risk-Containment
Distancing Module.”

“No…” I whispered and shook my head.

Craig spoke up, “effective today, your employment status will transition
into a two-week uncompensated role pending further investigation and
behavioral risk assessment.”

It was at that point that Craig’s voice, Marina’s, and all the sounds of
the busy office were replaced with a ringing in my ears. I don’t know
what, if anything I said to Craig and Marina in the following moments. I
collected my belongings and exited the building in a stupor.

“Why is this bitch doing this to me,” I thought repeatedly as I wandered
aimlessly onto the still frozen sidewalk outside.

I found myself at the park, sitting on a frozen bench and staring at a
frozen pond. I switched my phone to silent and just sat there in
disbelief. How could this be happening? Could this fucking lunatic of a
woman really have cost me my job over some shitty comments I made? I
must’ve sat there for a couple hours trying to figure out what to do
next. I had to clear my name of being a cat kicking, grandpa diddler but
I was honestly afraid of what this woman could do to me next. Maybe I
could just block her? Apologize? I thanked fucking God that my parents
were too old for social media.

The insistent thrumming of my phone vibrating in my purse snapped me
back to reality. Call from Mom.

“Hey Mom, what’s up?” I tried to sound happy. I didn’t want to worry
her.

“Sorry to bother you while you’re working but I just had to tell you -
this new gal is perfect. She’s so kind and helpful. I think you really
picked a winner with her!”

“New gal? What do you mean?”

“From the service. Oh, the in-home caregiver. You know! For your father
and me!”

A chill ran down my spine and I felt weightless like I might lift off
into the sky at any second and never come back down. The appointment I’d
arranged was for tomorrow.

“Mom, listen to me. Where is she? Where is she right now?”

“What’s the matter, dear? You sound worried. She’s giving your father a
bath. She said she could tell he hasn’t had a thorough bathing in some
time. She helped him upstairs and got right to it! Can you believe that?
Now that’s work ethic!”

“Mom, mom, mom. Stop. Mom, listen to me very carefully. Go to the
laundry room and hide. She’s not who you think she is, Mom! I’ll be
there soon!”

I hung up the phone and ran before I could hear my mother’s reply. I
bolted back towards home. My lungs burned. My mind screamed.

“This crazy bitch is in my house. She’s going to kill my parents.” was
all I could think.

I bounded past the same patches of ice that I’d carefully navigated this
morning.

I burst through the front door of my parent’s home in a panic.

“Where is she!?”

My mom looked up at me from the living room sofa like my hair was on
fire.

“Sarah! You scared the hell out of me! I’m an old woman for God’s -”

“Mom, where is the nurse? Where is the fucking nurse lady?!”

“Oh,” she paused in thought. “I suppose she must still be bathing your
father upstairs. Oh just wait til you meet her! She is just the b-”

I raced up taking the stairs two at a time. The bathroom door was ajar
and I could hear the sloshing of bathwater. I slapped open the bathroom
door to see…my dad…just my dad.

“Woah, a little privacy, ever heard of it?” my dad joked.

“Where is she, dad? The new gal. The nurse.”

“Oh, she went to grab a fresh towel while the conditioner soaks in.
Conditioner, Sarah. Ain’t I fancy?” Dad joked.

I scrambled downstairs to the laundry room. No one was there but the
back door stood open looking out onto the pristine white snow.

I contacted the local cops. My dad told me who to talk to but I don’t
think they’re taking me seriously. I’m not sure dad’s name has the
weight he thinks it does on the current generation at the sheriff’s
department. Mom swears up and down that I must’ve gotten the dates mixed
up and that she hopes I didn’t scare the new girl off.

I showed her @SophyStartingOver’s page. Sophy has a new video. Day 1 of
sharing my vintage and authentic 60s looks. Mom says she’s not the woman
that bathed dad. The new girl is blonde apparently. Mom does like
Sophy’s vintage hippy clothes however.

I’m laying here in my childhood bed unable to get comfortable. The old
house is making those settling noises like old houses do. Every time I
hear a creak or a thump from the attic above me, my heart starts to
race. I feel like I can hear that same female AI voice every time I
close my eyes. I’m not sure if deleting my account will make a
difference. Maybe I should get off socials all together even Reddit. I
feel like I’m losing my mind.
