After months of slinging my resume anywhere that would take it, I had
finally landed a job bartending at a dingy little dive in the next town
over. What bartending experience did I have? If my resume was to be
believed, two years at a swanky bar uptown. I’d just have to figure it
out as I went. 

I was already sweating bullets on my drive to the bar. Going over the
recipes I’d rushed to memorize the night before in my head. Trying to
visualize the feel of pouring a shot in my head. 1, 2, 3, 4. I had
counted as I held a plastic water bottle upside down over a glass,
watching the liquid flow freely until it crashed wildly into the bottom
of the glass. As I came to a slow stop at a red light, I closed my eyes
and imagined myself at the bar, put myself behind the counter scooping
ice, pouring out a shot, and firing off the soda gun. 

A sharp HONK behind me snapped my eyes open. I slammed my foot on the
gas in reaction, waiting for the car to lurch forward in response.
Nothing happened. Fuck. I thought to myself. Of all the times for my
banged up camry to finally roll over and die, I couldn’t believe my
luck. Another flurry of honks rang out behind me. I tuned them out and
laid my head back as far as I could. I’d been so close to being back on
my feet and in the blink of an eye that first paycheck I’d been dreaming
about all week seemed out of reach again.

I flicked on my hazards and sighed as cars continued to pull angrily
around me. I popped the hood and tried in vain to diagnose the problem.
Truth was I was no car expert, and there were so many possible red flags
in this engine I didn’t even know where to start. Tears were starting to
well up in my eyes, and pretty soon I was openly sobbing into my open
engine. I would’ve felt ashamed crying in public but as I wiped my eyes
and looked around, I realized that the steady flow of vehicles all
around me had all but stopped. Before I had time to wrap my head around
it, I was blinded by a burst of light to my left.

Immediately I screwed my eyes shut and raised my arm to block the source
of the harsh white light. When I opened my eyes again, instead of a cops
flashlight or some asshole’s ultra bright high beams, I was greeted by
an empty alley. As my eyes adjusted I peered further into this narrow
overgrown alleyway to my left, suddenly aware of how alone I was out
here. At the opening there was a rusted fence gate about 8 feet tall,
topped with thin strips of barbed wire. Weirdly the gate itself was
swung open, the lock dangling uselessly from the gate. Behind the gate
was a mess of untrimmed grass and weeds, some sections had even started
crawling menacingly up the walls of the buildings to either side. But in
the center of the tangled mess of weeds, I saw what must have blinded me
earlier. An old green two door car started back at me from the alleyway,
and desperate as I was to make it to my shift, I stared right back. 

Before I could really even think about what I was doing, I was pushing
the gate open further and stepping on to the damp earth of the alleyway.
The weeds seemed to shrink back with every step I took, flattening
themselves against the decaying walls of the alleyway. I pressed forward
toward the car. I placed a hand gently over the driver’s side door
handle, which seemed to hum pleasantly in response to my touch. I
wrapped my hand firmly around the handle and pulled the unlocked door
open.

Sliding into the driver’s seat felt strangely familiar. The seat molded
to my body as if I had been sitting in it all my life. The pedals were
the perfect distance from my feet. The seat was pulled in the perfect
distance, leaning back slightly just like I had it in my car. The only
thing askew was the rearview mirror, pointed too low right in the center
of the back seat. I ran my hands absentmindedly over the steering wheel.
I had a brief moment of clarity as I did so. What the fuck am I doing, I
should call for help. But those thoughts faded as quickly as they had
arrived. Glancing at the time on my phone gave me a renewed sense of
urgency. Looking down by my knee, the ignition was painfully empty. With
a resigned sigh to myself, I began searching in vain for a pair of keys
that were probably long gone by now. 

Above the mirror. Nothing. Cupholders. Empty. Under the rotting floor
mat. Nothing but an awful smell. Growing more and more pessimistic, I
turned to look at the glove box. Unlike every other surface of the car,
which was covered in a thick layer of dust and grime, the glove box
handle was surprisingly clean. It popped open satisfyingly in my hand.
Three manilla folders stuffed with papers immediately cascaded out onto
the passenger seat. Deeper in the glove box, under stacks of dusty,
crumbling paper, I thought I saw a tell-tale flash of metal. Digging
through the glove box toward it, I pulled away triumphantly clutching
the keys to my new ride to work.

Looking down at the battered set of keys resting in my hand, I realized
something else in the car was calling to me. Those three manilla folders
had spilled some of their contents all over the passenger seat. I saw
blown up blurry pictures of people walking around town, like something a
private investigator would take. I picked up a folder marked on the
outside as “First” in small red letters. Inside were more blurry photos
taken from a balcony across a street from the presumed target of this
mystery photographer. Across this street, I realized. The photos showed
a woman in a navy suit standing next to a car with the hood open, then
another shot of her pushing open the gate to the alleyway, just like I
had. My heart was in my throat as I continued to flick through the
pictures. Several shots seemed to be missing after that. The next
picture was her sitting in the car, manilla folder in hand, and a
horrified look on her face. 
At the end of that folder was a page of notes, written in that same red
ink.

Shelia McDonnell - Age: 42 - Height 5’4” - Eye color: Brown
The subject was drawn to the anchor immediately. No suspicion of her car
being tampered with. Subject found the files as intended. Immediate
shocked response as intended. 
Shelia was an important subject. A landmark case study. This is the
first time I’ve seen it fully manifested, taking a physical form. It’s
everything I dreamed of and more. I will keep feeding it, caring for and
nurturing it until it’s strong enough to leave the boundaries of the
anchor. I think one more successful feeding should do it.
Note to self: It likes the taste better when they’re truly scared.

As I read through these notes my jaw went slack and fingers curled tight
around the page. What the fuck was going to happen to me. My breathing
quickened and I began limply reaching for the door handle. A sickening
THUD from behind me froze me in place. Sounded like it came from the
trunk. As if it could hear me, something smacked hard against the inside
of the trunk. I pulled on the door handle in response. Whatever hold
this car had over me had vanished, I wanted nothing more than to get the
hell out of here. But the handle continued to rattle uselessly in place.
The door wouldn’t budge. 

Horrified, I redirected my efforts to the windows. Rearing back and
hitting them as hard as I could, I watched in disbelief as my punches
bounced harmlessly off them. Small symbols had been scratched into the
outside of the windows, whatever power they held was keeping me trapped
helplessly inside. I heard more violent banging from the trunk, as if
someone was knocking impatiently from the inside. There was a heavy SLAM
and then… silence.

In desperation I stuck the keys in the ignition. There was a distinct
sound of fabric being torn behind me. The car turned over a few times
then gave out with a final groan. I glanced in the rearview, pointed
directly at that middle seat. Something was tearing its way slowly
through the seat. I whipped around, pushing my back against the steering
wheel and keeping my eyes fixed on the ever-growing tear in the seat. A
long, bony finger topped with a blackened claw of a fingernail was
slicing effortlessly through the seat separating me from the trunk.
I sat transfixed, watching it slide slowly down the length of the seat.
It’s skin was all wrong. Pulled taut over the bones in some areas, where
you could see the knuckles protruding through, and hanging loose as if
being melted in other places. The finger reached the bottom of the seat,
and having completed its task, retreated into the depths of the trunk
behind it. I stared warily at the vertical slit it had retreated back
into. The car had gone silent again. I tried the door handle once more.
It didn’t even budge. I flipped through the folders desperately. Another
page of notes caught my eye. Was that… My name. 

Just then, the finger re-emerged from the tear. Followed by another
equally disfigured finger. And another. Until six fingers had emerged,
curling gently around the tear, three on either side. In one fluid
motion, they began violently ripping the sides of the hole wider and
wider, tearing through the back seat with a frenzied hunger. Each finger
grew more and more unsynchronized, as if their owner had no control over
them. When they had torn the back middle seat to shreds, leaving nothing
but a jagged hole leading to the darkness of the trunk. The fingers all
froze, curled tightly around the edge of the tunnel they had just dug. I
heard a steady dripping noise coming from the trunk. It reminded me of
when an overeager dog gets its dinner, and it just can’t help but
salivate over the meal to come.

I peered into the stark blackness of the hole before me. I had started
to accept my fate at this point. My breathing slowed alongside my heart
rate. The sweat that had been pooling on my brow began to dry up. I knew
there was nowhere left to run. Those fingers remained frozen in place, I
leaned towards the back seat, trying to peer into the void and see what
they were attached to. Straining my eyes, I could just barely make out
the shape of a humanoid head inching slowly towards me. It reached the
tear in the seats and carefully maneuvered forward past the fingers.
Whatever it was was in no rush. It knew I had nowhere to go. 

As the creature’s head came into the light, any sense of peace at my
fate vanished. It’s skin was alabaster pale and pulled unevenly over its
misshapen skull. There were entire patches missing, revealing a black
skull underneath, peppered with what looked like dried blood. Its eyes
were hollow sockets, but they looked like the creature had carved out
the holes itself. They were different sizes and shapes entirely. Its
mouth made my stomach turn. Its lower jaw was completely disconnected,
dragging limply along the car seat towards me. In its widening maw were
rows upon rows of teeth. They seemed to stretch all the way back into
the trunk. Every tooth was a different size, shape, color. Some filed to
a point, others looked like well cared for human molars, others still
looked like nothing I’d ever seen, human or animal. Finally I saw the
source of that dripping noise. Its long, forked tongue swished side to
side lazily in the air, dropping vile globs of spittle as it crept
towards me. Drip. Drip. Drip.

I couldn’t die like this. I wouldn’t die like this. Whatever it was
seemed to enjoy playing with me, savoring every moment of my fear. It
likes the taste better when they’re truly scared. Its head crossed the
threshold of the headrests, nothing but a long thin neck trailed behind
it, twisting at odd angles to keep the much heavier head afloat. In a
last ditch effort, I reached down to the keys, still sitting limply in
the ignition, whipped my body back into the drivers seat, and turned the
keys forward hard. 

The car turned over. Once. Twice. Nothing. I tried again. Once. Twice.
Nothing. I couldn’t bear to turn around, so I tried again. Once. Twice.
Nothing. I felt something drip onto my shoulder, then onto the top of my
head. I gave one last turn of the key and held it. The car ROARED to
life. Shaking off decades of dust, rust and grime as it bounced
unsteadily beneath me. I looked straight up to see the creature’s mouth
open wide above me, so expanded it was all I could see. I felt its
tongue wrap around my throat, and it started to squeeze. Fighting the
urge to give in, I looked out the windshield into the alley, and slammed
my foot on the gas as hard as I could. 

The car lurched forward a few feet, getting caught on some debris in the
middle of the alley. My vision started to go blurry. I flung the car
into reverse, backing up as far as I could. The car bounded recklessly
backwards, eventually slamming hard into the brick wall at the back of
the alley. I felt the creatures grip around my neck loosen in response
as my head was thrown sharply forward. I threw the car back into drive,
It made a horrible noise in response, and I thought it might not move
again no matter what I did. Either way, I had no choice but to push on
the accelerator as hard as I could. 

The tires spun aimlessly in some mud before suddenly breaking free. The
car shot forward, hitting the same debris that had stopped it earlier
and bouncing hard off of it, continuing on toward the gate. As we
smashed into the gate. I heard a horrible sound above me. A gurgling,
raspy scream emerged from the creature as we powered on through the gate
and onto the sidewalk. I no longer felt anything around my neck. I
stopped the car on the sidewalk outside the alley and looked up again.
There was nothing above me. Nothing at all.

Of course, I didn’t make it to my shift. I showed up three hours late
and smelled awful. I was politely asked not to come back. The cursed car
was all I had to show for my ordeal. I was still jobless and broke. No
choice but to drive and sleep in my own personal nightmare. Eventually I
got used to the car, came to appreciate it. I couldn’t prove it to
anyone else but, it seemed warm and alive to the touch, even in the dead
of winter, it was comforting. Driving it felt like I was walking in my
own body. It felt natural, easy, perfect. 

Eventually I dove back into the glove compartment. Stopped on a scenic
overlook along some lonely stretch of highway, I found a leatherbound
journal taped securely to the top of the glove compartment. It was
overstuffed with loose notes, diagrams, and drawing. Some were of people
going about their everyday lives, some contained step by step
instructions on how to tamper with vehicles, and others were drawings of
something that somewhat resembled the creature I saw. There were pages
and pages dedicated to the study of “anchors” and “binding” but most of
those pages had been covered in splotches of black ink. I found the
folder with my name on it, too. There were pictures of me sleeping in my
car, going into the bar for my interview, and even one final picture of
me in the alley with my hand on the car door handle. Whatever page of
notes had been written on me was gone, only those pictures remained. 

I’m writing this all down in case anything happens to me. I want to find
whoever did this. I don’t have much to go on, but the journal had a
receipt tucked neatly into the pouch on its last page. Seems like it was
purchased at a small family owned stationary store an hour away. I’m
headed there now, the car seems to hum with excitement the closer we
get.  If I don’t make it out of there, just remember to watch out for
those places that pull you in the most, those places that seem to belong
to a different time, a different space entirely. And if you ever run
into whatever I saw that night, be brave, the more frightened you are,
the better you’ll taste.
