Keep your dog leashed on trails and stay on the trail.

Don’t get me wrong, my Bella loves running off like the mini, crack
head, mutt she is. Keeping her leashed is not just for her safety, but
mine too. No, I’m not talking about some rando’s dog attacking one or
both of us. Going down “the road not taken” is a poem, a metaphor for
life, it not applicable to safety on hiking trails.

This is about something that has made me avoid hiking after sunset ever
since.

My usual spot is a trail that’s located city adjacent. You can hear
cars, even past the playground, for the first quarter mile of the hike.
It’s got this small, beautiful plateau, with a perfect view for
sunrise/sunset, and gets some decent foot traffic in the summer. My
favorite time to hit the trail is the week after the schools’ spring
break ends; when the only people around are elderly couples, some lone
singles and, much like me, their dogs.

I’ve done this specific hike a thousand times, for the perfect “spring
into spring” picture. A flat slab at the top of a tall hill, east or
west you see nothing but trees. Just don’t look north, it holds a small
view of where houses begin, several miles away. I know exactly how long
it takes me to get in, get the shot, and get out. Bella could do the
hike blindfolded.

My annual pilgrimage began. A few families were filing out of the play
area, reluctant children in tow, as I reached the trail head. Soon,
birds and the piter patter of my companion’s tiny paws rose over the
fading sound of leaving cars. There are some twists and turns throughout
the trail, one steep, corkscrew turn down a dried creek bed, but mostly
level terrain before the hill. Bella willed the leash to extend beyond
its intended length, kicking up dirt when I didn’t match pace.

“Bella, chill, we’ll get there,” a commen phrase I’d utter, always met
with a doubfound look and a huff of quickly-forgotten acceptance. The
tan rascal began to rush forward into a bush before being passed by an
aged couple with matching trekking poles.

“At this rate, they’ll see the sunset before us,” I advocated to Bella,
only turning her eyes whilst marking the bush as hers. I gave us more
than enough time to reach the top, her speed won’t be needed until our
return. It gets dark about halfway back down the trail, once twilight
begins. Routine by this point: I keep a large flashlight and bear mace
for nightfall, easyily accessible in the side zip-pockets of my camel
pack.

Ushering forward, we passed the couple. Twist, turn, passing an
oncoming, middle aged jogger. Twist, turn, Bella claimed more territory
before a doberman took it back. Turn, twist, we took a water and a snack
break. Non-rythemic marching until we reached the corkscrew.

My next step was stopped, the leash had receeded backwards.

“What? You gotta poop?” I asked, but my smirk immediately faded. Her
small frame was stiff, her crooked teeth clenched as her eyes fixated
ahead of me. The air felt flat, I didn’t notice till this moment how
silent the forest was. I slowly shifted my head forward.

A lone, white labrador, well loved and well fed, was at the mouth of the
corkscrew. It stood, untethered, tense, tail still. I stayed frozen. It
felt as though it was calculating my next movement, unafraid,
unthreatened. It stared intently at us, looking down from the top of the
slope. The winding, overlapping trees created a dark void of shadows
behind it.

“Lenard? Slow down!” A frail voice snapped me out of it, soft grey curls
rising out the corkscrew “Oh, hi, don’t worry- he won’t bite.” the woman
reassured me, seeing our body language. I look back to the lab, his
demeanor turning from ridged stone into a wobbly, slow doof. His small,
black eyes gained expression as he sniffed the air, plopping his tongue
out of his dark brown lips.

“Sorry, he just surprised us,” I replied, gesturing to Bella. Her leash
remained taught, despite the reduced tension. A pitched growl eminated
from her throat as the two approached.

“Oh? A fighsty one there! Doesn’t seem very friendly.”

“Bella!” I shortened her leash as she began to lurch and bark, trying to
keep her away from the pair, “I’m so sorry, I don’t know what’s gotten
into her.”

The woman held a polite smile as she slipped by. The lab looked at the
contained storm of fur and yelps with an absent expression before
returning to its owner’s side. Bella’s little body thrashed as they
left. She panted and whipped her head back in their direction as I tried
to calm her.

“Bella, sit,” my demand was clear and stern, snapping my fingers. Her
attention returned, her butt planting in the dirt, but gave the receding
figures a quick glance before I snapped again.

“Bella, look at me,” followed by two snaps, “Bella, look at me.”

She huffed, licking her nose before her tail finally wagged, they were
completely out of view now.

“What was that?” my question had me kneeling down, her paws immediately
resting on my knee with a hop. A flurry of licks met my chin, seemingly
in relief, “Common, girl.”

We reached the plateau, alone, unpassed for some time. Prioritizing
water and snacks, I watched the sun finally touch the horizon. Bella
eyed my jerky stick, her half eaten kibble no longer good enough.

“Bella, no. Eat your food,” she gave a sad look in response “You’ve been
bad, be grateful I took off the leash. No jerky.” Her ears slumped down,
turning away as she looked between me and the jerky from the corner of
her eye. I swear, she’s a little mastermind, her eyes all watery for
that pitiful display.

“Fine,” I pull out my phone and snap my fingers, “Bella, meercat!” On
command, the small fighter sits on her back legs, her front paws held
loosely over her chest. I took the picture and toss the last bite of
jerky to her. She was swift, catching it mid air and inhaling it just as
quick.

She landed at the edge of the slab.

My body stiffened, mind urging me to do something as I heard a frantic
scratching. Bella scrambled to regain balance, teetering over the endge.
I lunge at her, my fingers grabbing hold of a small tuft of fur. She
yelped as I held her ear, dangling over the ledge. A smooth rock was my
only brace. She began to growl in protest, her trimmed claws barely
providing leverage over the rocky edge.

“I’m sorry, baby girl,” I cried, tears pooling over, “fuck, fuck, I’m
sorry, baby” I did the only thing I could think of. I released the rock,
quickly grabbing her leg and tossed her over my shoulder.

My weight and momentum sent me careening down the steep slope. The
limping image of my dog turned out of view. I remember the first two
tumbles before a log connected with my forehead.

The smell of kibble and grass, soaking my face, rolled my eyes forward.
Bella’s panicked hot breath snapped me back to conscienceness. Her paw
hung lazily in front of her, dimly lit by the now disappearing sun.

“Bella!” I tried to embrace her, but she cowarded, “oh, poor baby, let
me see, let me see.” I coaxed her into my arms, huffing and puffing as I
checked her out. The leg was dislocated from the shoulder for sure, I
later found out her paw was dislocated as well. Her ear had a massive
red scab at its base, I couldn’t tell if it had ripped or if I pulled
out some hair.

Thankfully, my camelpack stuck with me, fastened with a couple buckles.
Rifling around, I produce a first aid kit and my flash light. My legs
circled around Bella, pouring some of my water onto her ear before using
an antiseptic wipes to clean the wound. She only whimpered, figiting
until the job was done.

A thick wetness sunk into my eye. I flip on the flashlight and found it
to be blood, a gash across my brow. Luckily, I didn’t break anything,
but I was covered in multiple scrapes, rashes, and what looked like mud.
The fall absolutely shredded my leggings, but I’ll only have to worry
about Bella’s x-rays. Sparingly, I used some more water and wipes to
clean my self, applying pressure with some gauze. Three butterfly
bandages later, the bleeding on my head stopped.

I take the light, trying to asses the size of the bag to my dog. She was
a small thing, but too big to sit inside. The chill that still clung to
the season prompted me to wear a thin flannel that morning. I felt for
it around my waist to find it absent. One quick look and I found it,
clinging to a thin whip from where I fell. With an aching groan, I pull
myself up. Bella tried to follow me the few feet, but one snap and point
of my fingers kept her by the light.

Almost immediately, I tripped. There was a squelching gush under my foot
before landing in carnage. The carcus of a well fed, well loved, lab
laid ripped open. Its white fur was spotted with blood and dirt, eyes
hanging open. Pain cemented across the poor thing’s fly infested face.

I stifle a whimpering cry, a choke of tears interrupted by a retching
gag. I was already coated in its blood, prior to tripping. My
unconscious body had smeared a trail to where I awoke. Guts twisted
around my shoe, I scrambled to scrape it off in the grass. Sensing my
distress, Bella began to hobble over.

“No, Bella!” I yelled, halting her movement before she got too close,
snapping rapidly, “get away, it’s bad.” She wasn’t familiar with the
erratic command, hesitating. I pull myself back up, decayed fluid
soaking my legs. I properly command her to sit and returned to my
initial mission. Upon reteiving the flannel, I fashion it into a sling
to cradle Bella. I quickly scoop her up inside before the rotting scent
intrigued her.

“You comfortable?” She wiggled in approval, sniffing and licking my
chin, “Good, lets get the fuck out of here…”

I gave one greiving glance back. Unable to reflect the flashlights
glimmer, dead eyes starred back. Nothing justified it’s presence, it’s
similarly. I recognized the dog’s resemblance, but didn’t dare to give a
rationale.

Darkness enveloped us. I followed the natural structure back to the
trail, greeted by a sign naming the mini plateau I fell from. I’ve never
loved the sight of gravel more in my life.

A rumble emearged from Bella’s rib cage, resonating through her throat.
I reached for my bear mace, scanning my immediate area. A couple small
barks whispered through her lips, either too weak to speak or too scared
to be heard.

“I don’t see anything, Bella,” the crumble of windblown leaves chasing
behind the shadows of trees, “it’s ok, I’ll protect you.”

No stopping, no breaks. I kept my pace, drinking from my worn, rubber
straw, slowing only to trickle a few drops into Bella’s mouth. The
corkscrew greeted us quickly. The trudge over its apex was more taxing
than it ever was before, Bella whining from occasionally bumping into
the steep terrain. I showered her with apologies, pausing to plant a
kiss on her head.

Bella growled, her whole body shaking. She was furious, but too worn to
fully express it. I forrowed my brows, attempting to adjust her in case
she was laying wrong. I reach for a low hanging branch to get over the
hump. Back on level footing, we were greeted by a familiar sight.

A white labrador, standing like a statue, was there. The muzzle was
soaked in a dark liquid, legs now elongated, it’s stomach sunk into the
barrel of its chest. The flashlight illuminated the turning visage.
Bella coughed out small puffs, mimicking barks, as she glared.

It’s legs twisted forward, forgotten how to properly walk. Black, beady
eyes locked on our position, absorbing light to form hollow holes. It’s
jaw cracked, unhinging, expelling a pile of flesh. A scalp of soft,
blood soaked ringlets slapped onto the trail. Curling back its wet,
black lips, barred teeth, a deep growl gurgled out.

I sprinted into the trees as it dove towards us, it’s massive body
scrapping down the corkscrew. Bella continued to vocalize wheezing
squeeks as I dodged foliage and fallen trees. Snapping branches followed
in our wake, the creature giving chase. I had a head start, but the
opertunity of distance was shrinking as it gained ground.

My back slung around a tree. I kept my light snuffed against my breast,
steadied my breath. Bella laid silent, the stress and fatigue caused her
to passout. Reaching for my mace, my head tilted to keep an ear on the
being’s location. Large foot falls dampened into a light crinkle of
leaves, nearly silent.

It was listening for me too.

The zipper would sound and alert the creature. I pulled carefully,
matching the pattern of its approach. I couldn’t hear it as the mace
slipped into my hand.

It’s hot, wet breath met my ear.

Unloading the can, I sprayed until the nozzle began to sputter. The
creature screeched in response, rearing on its hind legs as I ran back
to the trail. The sound of it thrashing and squealing echoed through the
forest. My labored breaths were impeded by residuals of the propellant,
but my will pushed me forward.

Reuniting with the man made path, I felt my feet slap into viscus
puddles. I saw more piles of gore, too many for what was left of that
woman, but I couldn’t give pause. Gravel and blood soaked dirt flew
behind me as I swerved through the twists and turns. No stopping, just
running.

Relief bloomed through my chest as I crossed the playground, far from
that trail. I dove into the car, Bella still out cold as my keys woke
the engine. Flinching at what I thought were tufts of white fur
flickering between trees and streetlights, I sped out the neighborhood.

In the heart of the city, I called 911.

I gave a full recount of events, unloading on that poor operator. I
called my mom to meet me at the police station prior and had her rush
Bella to a 24hr vet. There were some rigorous questioning after a brief
health evaluation. They sent me to the hospital. The fall, the gash, the
story, and the fact I had a concussion, had me thrown into an ambulance.

The adrenaline left my body, fatigue threatening to roll my eyes back.
The nurses helped me stay awake until I was clear to sleep. To pass
time, I shared my story. They had the same baffled response, now
accompanied with a look that made me feel crazier than I sounded. I was
monitored for the next 24 hours, surrounded by sterile white walls and
florescents.

Night threatened the horizon, creeping down the next day as I was rolled
out to my mother. The nurse repeated my aftercare to her, someone
capable of listening and retaining, before they both helped me stand.
Remnants of the previous night ran through my head, only giving pause
when I laid my eyes on Bella. She was curled up in a dog car seat, a
sling around her injured leg. Flapping her tail when our eyes met, she
whimpered as I wrapped my arms around her.

I wasn’t sure of what they did on their end, but the county got people
out there. They found the woman, shards of bones and strips guts had
been dragged up the trail for a mile. They found the bodies of an
elderly couple, their matching clothes and gear rendered into a mangled
mess, never seeing their last sunset.

The police were convinced it was just a cougar or some large game.

I’m convinced, that an old lab had wandered off, was in the wrong place
at the wrong time, and was replaced.

It knew the trail like I did. It knew how vulnerable it’s prey would be.
It saw four large meals. It saw an opertunity to feast.

Keep your dog leashed on trails and don’t stray from it.
