Ever since I can remember, sleep has been a constant struggle. It’s not
like I have trouble falling asleep, it’s everything after.

Nightmares, sleepwalking, hallucinations, delusions, you name it. More
times than not, I wake up wrong. I won’t know where I am, or I’ll be
convinced I’m in an unfamiliar home, that I’m in a stranger’s bed and
they’re sleeping beside me, that I need to leave before they see me.
Sometimes I see them.

It only lasts momentarily, but that doesn’t stop me from bolting out of
bed every once in a while. When I was young, I’d awake outside my
bedroom countless times, my trailing blankets betraying the direction of
my panicked escape.

But as I grew into my teens, I adopted a new behavior. I no longer only
woke mid-flight, but instead knelt on the floor beside my bed; my primal
fear replaced by something more akin to primal lust. An overwhelming yet
frustratingly ephemeral desire, a fleeting compulsion that only remains
in memory as a fingerprint, its existence hauntingly apparent but the
greater purpose and meaning entirely absent.

Although bizarre in nature, I assure you, these events are merely
unconscious responses to stochastic physiology. By no means are my body
and mind linked in this state, for my dreams are rarely of fantasy.
Quite the opposite, they frequently involve unspeakable violence.

Bodies ripped limb from limb, crushed and decapitated, melted and
burned, flayed and cannibalized, imagery too horrible to imagine, but
clearly, I can. In fact, it troubles me to admit that my mind not only
conjures this grotesquery, but carries it out solely through my hands.

I do not wish to perform these appalling acts; no, it’s always out of
mercy. Out of love. You see, the bodies never die. No matter what I do
to them, they continue to suffer in their ever-increasing mutilation and
decay. What choice do I have besides trying harder? Their misery must
end. I am their only savior.

I agree that these dreams are distressing and I truly am as disturbed as
you by them, but understanding where they come from will help you grow
accustomed like I have. It’s not my fault; it’s Adrianna’s.

Adrianna and I were both 12 when we met. We were attending an enrichment
program for homeschooled kids; it’s basically a way to help us learn how
to socialize and prepare for “real school”.

When I started there, I instantly concluded that everyone was terribly
off-putting and socially stunted, but as the semester went by, I
realized that I was the one irreparably maladjusted.

They were all able to make friends, make stupid small-talk, make little
lives together, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t bring myself to surpass the
embarrassment of playing their games, or singing their worship songs, or
talking about their boring PG TV shows.

There was one morning where a car had crashed into a tree right next to
the school. No one died or anything, none of us even saw it happen; they
were just cleaning up the wreckage by the time we all arrived, but
everyone was so horribly shaken up over it.

Pretty pathetic, honestly. I proudly told them that this crash wasn’t
anything special and I’ve seen way worse wrecks on the internet. They
looked at me with what I can only describe as contempt.

“Ew, why would you look up stuff like that?”

“Yeah Jack, that’s really messed up”

I wasn’t used to being on the receiving end of judgement for once. I
didn’t know they were capable of it. I had nothing to say. In that
awkward pause, I knew the class finally perceived the distance between
us that I saw.

But Adrianna didn’t share their disgust. We sat together for the first
time next period. Biology. The class had been told to find lab partners
for a group squid dissection, and apparently we both knew I would end up
alone, so she stepped in.

We immediately hit it off. While our weak-stomached classmates gagged
and struggled with their scalpels, we had a blast deconstructing its
tentacles, scooping out its brain, playing with its glassy gray eyes. We
even whispered “fuck” at the same time when the smell of the squid’s
putrid entrails first hit the air.

We were best friends after that. We were each other’s only outlet, the
only safe place to swear and talk about our morbid curiosities. But as
time went on, Adrianna was clearly far more well-versed.

She told me about the different gore sites that she would visit online
and even offered to show me, but I was too nervous to do it on a school
computer. The most glaring difference between us though, was her
disposition towards animals.

During another dissection, the eccentric teacher thought it apt to bring
in live crayfish, captured from the nearby creek earlier that morning.
We were instructed to submerge them in deathly freezing water so that we
would have the opportunity to dissect freshly dead organisms, but
unbeknownst to our teacher, Adrianna opted to keep ours fully alive.

I remember how she gleefully pulled out its eyes and sliced off its
legs. I remember how it convulsed in pain and terror. I don’t think
aquatic creatures are physically capable of this, but I can even
remember the poor thing screaming.

I know most people don’t care about insects or fish, but I do. They’re
animals all the same. I can’t believe I let her do that. At that point,
the best I could do was put it out of its misery, so I grabbed a pair of
scissors and jammed it into the crayfish’s head, but crustacean brains
aren’t shaped like ours.

If I had paid attention to the lecture, I would have known how to
properly target its elusive central nervous system. My method was blind
and inefficient. I twisted the scissors about, desperately stabbing and
slicing, resorting to liquefying the entire contents of his head, but he
wouldn’t die. He continued to pitifully writhe and wriggle.

I wish I could have saved him faster, but his suffering never ended. He
lives on in my dreams, infinitely reincarnated, now disguised in human
shape, draped in immortal flesh that I must destroy out of kindness and
compassion.

Adrianna took a very different path. She felt none of my sorrow. She
took my mercy-killing as a further act of eager torture, and I was too
nonconfrontational to correct her. I was less and less excited to spend
time together after that; until the day things finally ended.

She told me she had run over a little dog with her bike. I thought she
was joking since her retelling was so light-hearted, but she was
bragging. She even showed me pictures. Her tire spokes were still
flecked with tufts of fur and skin. Trophies.

She thought I would be impressed, that every sickening detail would
inspire as much glee in me as there was in her. It fills me with great
shame to think about our friendship now. That such a psychopath would’ve
ever called me a companion.

I wish I was strong enough to stand up to her, to expose her cruel
behavior, but I wasn’t. My chance at heroism came and went. She stopped
coming to school after that. Sometimes I wonder where Adrianna is now.
Is she in jail somewhere or is she walking free? How many other helpless
animals have suffered by her hand? How many people?

Suffice it to say, I blame Adrianna for my particularly graphic
nightmares, but I only mention her here to better analyze my own
disquieted psyche. She’s not the source of my unique parasomniac
profile, nor is she worthy of further attention. She was merely an
exacerbation of a preexisting condition. A condition which I wish to
better understand and control.

I am now in my late twenties and have grown generally used to my
parasomnias. At this point, I find them more intriguing than anything.
In fact, I’ve begun writing a dream journal of sorts to better study
them. The hope is to establish a sufficiently strong subconscious
connection and rein it in.

Whenever I experience a sleep disturbance or notable dream, I write it
down. The first, most salient recurrence I recorded is that essentially
every night, right before falling asleep, I hear voices. Sometimes they
whisper, sometimes they scream; I’m in too much of a haze to care what
they say.

I always knew they weren’t real; they’re just random neuron bursts
immediately preceding the sleep transition, but upon further research,
they’re apparently fully developed thoughts that come from the
subconscious, which the conscious brain simply doesn’t recognize. Could
my subconscious be trying to establish an audience with me?

I know this notion leaps in logic and I wouldn’t be taking it seriously
if it weren’t for another relevant recurrence. Outside of the
nightmares, I’ve recognized that there is, for lack of a better word, a
presence that appears in many of my regular dreams. It’s not exactly
invisible, it’s just that my brain never gives them a body.

I know it’s meant to be a person and I can always tell when they’re
there. Sometimes they’re an active character in the story, sometimes
they’re off in the distance. I’m not horribly unnerved by this, I prefer
the Presence to the graphic violence, which rarely overlaps.

I’m a pretty lonely person so while it might sound pathetic, I find the
company comforting. I know it’s a mere projection spawned from myself,
but it still feels different somehow. Like a guardian angel. And as of a
few weeks ago, this angel has power.

I recently accepted a second job to finally chip away at the mountain of
student debt I’ve been ignoring, so my life has become far busier and
irregularly scheduled. I was warned that I would likely be getting far
less sleep, but given our tumultuous relationship, I had no qualms with
this.

As it turns out though, irregular sleep actually enhances the frequency
of parasomnia. Thankfully nothing too debilitating; stranger dreams,
more sleepwalking, but the most jarring development is that I’ve started
feeling the Presence for a time after waking.

It doesn’t interact with me directly, but puts thoughts in my head that
I know aren’t mine, so I originally thought it was following a similar
mechanism as my hypnagogic hallucinations. However, these waking dreams
don’t feel random; they always have a purpose. They’ve woken me after
I’ve slept past my alarms, they’ve told me where to locate certain
possessions I had deemed permanently lost, they’ve even warned me about
impending trouble at work.

Hell, a few days ago, the Presence reminded me of a second cousin I was
close with in childhood, and he texted me just a few moments later to
catch up. We hadn’t spoken in at least a decade. Can the subconscious do
that? Conjure premonitions?

I’m starting to wonder if the Presence is something more. Like an extra
sense. I think I might be psychic. I have no idea how to control it, but
I know how to react. If I feel nudged in a certain direction, I follow,
and more times than not, it leads to success.

This morning, I awoke to the name “Olivia”. There happens to be a girl
at work named Olivia. A pretty girl. A girl I’d never dream of being
able to interact with until today. I think I’m going to try.

She sits at her desk, oblivious to my unblinking stare from across the
hall. She is indeed exceedingly attractive. But in situations like this,
beauty is nothing but an acid, corroding all the confidence and charisma
I felt this morning. What was I thinking? Maybe my premonition was about
a different Olivia.

“What are you doing?”

I freeze in embarrassment, but thank God, it’s a voice I know. I turn
around with a wry grin

“What? It’s illegal to check out other departments? I should be asking
you the same thing”

Mary and I share a cubicle upstairs

“They gave me a hall pass, which they’d never give a creeper like you”

She sticks out her tongue like a four year old, then continues before I
can retort

“I was actually on my way to talk to a friend over there. You know, the
girl you’ve been leering at?”

“Leering huh. What, you jealous or something?”

“Sure buddy. I’d just love for her to take you off my hands. Why are you
down here?”

I’m asking myself the same thing. She’s backing me into a corner

“I wanted to ask her… some soccer advice. She plays right?”

“Yeah, she’s really good. Why you wanna know about soccer? I don’t think
you’ve touched a ball in your life”

“One or two on occasion. I need a hobby, man, my life’s boring. Soccer
sounds fun and it’s like good cardio right?”

It in fact doesn’t sound fun at all and I hate cardio

“Don’t you have like three jobs? When would you have the time?”

“Just two, and I can ask them to cut back my schedule to fewer nights a
week; they’re pretty chill”

“I don’t understand you dude, you’ve been working nonstop and you wanna
exercise on top of everything? I’d be spending all my free time in bed,
that’s for sure”

“Hard pass, I’ll sleep when I’m dead”

“You’re speeding there by the look of it”

“Damn, tell me how you really feel”

“I am”

“Come on and introduce me already, dude”

“I’m worried about you, Jack. You sure you’re ok?”

“Yeah, yeah. A little exercise outside should do me good”

“You could join our little group if you’d like. We’re always down to
play with more people”

“You guys play together? Like a league?”

“Not professionally or anything, it’s just us and some other coworkers”

I’d have to hang out with other coworkers too now? What am I getting
myself into? Sure I’m lonely, but I just don’t click with anyone here
besides Mary. I feel like I’m back at the enrichment program

“You can count me in, as long as you introduce me to Olivia”

“Damn, you really are obsessed. Get in line, I was already gonna talk to
her. You can meet her and everyone else tomorrow evening after work. Go
back upstairs, creeper”

“Thanks dude”

“Yeah, whatever”

She turns back to look at me

“You know, you always could’ve asked me for advice”

“On how to play soccer or how to talk to Olivia?”

She rolls her eyes

“Get lost, Jack, she’s mine”

She flips me off and strolls on her merry way. I sigh in a mix of relief
and exasperation. The Presence had not warned me that sports would be
involved. I guess I’ll do some research on what gear I should buy before
tomorrow night; hopefully it’s not too expensive. Whatever I get out of
this better be good. It’s clearly related to Olivia, so if my hopes are
right, it’ll all be worth it.

Thanks to my nervous excitement, the day passes quickly and I’m finally
back home in bed. She’s in my dreams immediately. We face each other on
a brightly-lit empty field that stretches as far as the eye can see.
She’s still wearing her work clothes. I, conversely, am naked.

Mary watches silently from the sideline, but I know it’s the Presence in
disguise. I stand frozen, completely mortified, trying to bring as
little attention to myself as possible. Olivia’s eyes are closed, but
she points directly at me.

I slowly phase through the ground until nothing but my head remains. I
am thankful for the coverage, but concerned about my apparent lack of
agency. There’s no time to ruminate on this, Olivia is barreling towards
me at a dead sprint.

She takes my head clean off with a single kick. I feel no pain and my
point of view disconnects from my eyes, floating above Olivia as she
deftly maneuvers my mangled head across the field towards the goal.

In the final 20 feet, she pivots on a dime and spins into some kind of
crouched hook kick, oscillating my head’s trajectory into an impossible
curving “S” shape. I wake up before my head enters the goal, but with
skills like that, her victory was clearly uncontested.

What the hell is the Presence trying to tell me? I’ll be sure to keep my
head on a swivel and, well, intact, but I don’t think it was a straight
up warning. Whatever it means, I’ll definitely have an update for my
dream journal tonight.

After an uneventful shift, the dreaded evening has come. I check the
address nervously as I walk onto the field. This better be the right
place; I need to make a good first impression.

“Jack! We’re over here!”

Mary is sitting at a picnic table under some trees, waving at me. There
are seven other people with her; some guys, some girls, all in their
twenties or thirties. Damn, how long have they been waiting for me? I
jog over, already sweating.

“Hey guys, sorry I’m late! How’s it going?”

“Uh, what’s with the helmet?”

Mary gestures to my head quizzically

“Oh you know, just being safe. My head’s exceptionally round; don’t want
any of you to mistake it for the ball!”

I chuckle nervously. Two or three of them awkwardly join in. Their
laughter is clearly out of uncomfortable politeness. I’m coming off as a
major dweeb. Mary rolls her eyes

“A flimsy bike helmet’s not going to do much against a cleat dude. Take
it off, you’ll be fine, I promise”

I sheepishly slide it off my head and attempt to nonchalantly fix my
unkempt hair

“Alright, if you say so. You sure soccer players don’t wear helmets? It
was totally normal at my school”

“Yeah I’m not surprised homeschoolers wear helmets. Yall probably wore
them in math class too”

My face flushes bright red. I try to summon a witty retort but I’m too
flustered

“No… we didn’t”

I know Mary was just joking around, but I usually don’t tell people I
was homeschooled; I’m still pretty embarrassed about it. I can tell she
instantly felt bad, her face glows brighter than mine

“A-Anyways, where are my manners? Let me introduce you”

She rattles off everyone’s names, which I instantly forget

“And of course, Olivia. She’s basically our coach. Maybe you can show
her some of your techniques from- you know, from where you learned
before”

I hesitantly wave to Olivia who warmly smiles back

“I’ll do my best”

“I’m sure you’ll be fine, Jack. I’m nothing special; it’s just that
these guys suck”

The other guys scoff in indignation

“Are you kidding? Wait till you see her moves dude; she kills us every
time”

“Oh just wait, I’ve been working on a new move and I can’t wait to test
it on you guys. It’s called the Crazy S”

Everyone groans. Crazy S, huh. Got it. I can see my path falling into
place. Without hesitation, I open my mouth

“Well since there’s nine of us, let’s have me on the bigger team and
Olivia on the smaller team. Should balance things out”

“Unless you’re lying and actually got skills. Mary, I’m blaming you if
he’s secretly a god”

Maybe I am

“Oh please, I walked up wearing a bike helmet. I should honestly have
more people on my team”

This time, they laugh for real, Olivia too. I’m winning them over

“You sure you don’t want to be on Olivia’s team so you can watch her
moves easier?”

Some of them nod in agreement. Shut up Mary, don’t mess this up for me

“Nah I’m alright; it’s easier to learn from your enemy than from your
friend. Ya know, Sun Tzu: Art of War? The real battlefield…is the soccer
field”

Hopefully that line wasn’t too much. A few guys chuckle. Alright, finish
strong

“Plus, if my team wins, I wanna know it’s because of me, not sensei
Olivia”

A collective “Daaamn” resounds

Olivia raises an eyebrow

“You sure you and Mary aren’t pulling a prank?”

I smirk. Mary is too confused to say anything

“Even if we were, you scared you lack the skills to beat me?”

Another collective “Ooooh” from the guys. This feels like a stupid
sports flick. As long as I get the girl in the end, I’ll do my best not
to cringe

She narrows her eyes, but smiles

“I don’t know what mind games you’re playing, but they’re not gonna
work. Let’s get this shit going, so I can beat your ass”

Well alright, I guess that worked. Time to get my ass beat. As we set
foot on the field, the sinking sun paints the sky a brilliant crimson.
It’s truly a beautiful sight that I’ve never really had the time or
energy to pay attention to, but this awed tranquility soon washes over
with visions of blood and my team’s limbs strewn across the grass.

Will I see my new companions like this tonight? Will they amount only to
more invincible fodder for me to torture and destroy? It’s a side effect
of meeting new people I’m far too familiar with. But no, last night I
didn’t dream this way. In fact, the only violence committed was against
me; no one else was harmed.

If I continue along this path, channeling my energy and focus towards
Olivia, maybe I’ll find freedom from these grotesque phantasms
altogether. All the more motivation to follow the Presence’s guidance.

But for this to work, I must gain Olivia’s respect; so I need to focus.
I take up a defensive position near the goal, trying to mirror the
stance and spacing of another player next to me; I think his name is
Jeremy? According to Mary, he’s the next best player besides Olivia, so
copying him should be advantageous.

As it turns out, it doesn’t matter who’s second best or how close I
stand to them; Olivia is truly unbeatable. We’d get close at times, but
no matter what, she’d score and we wouldn’t. She covered the entire
field in seconds, she didn’t even need her team for the most part.

Of course, this was to be expected and I do not care; I’m biding my
time. Clearly my mind games did inspire something in her. Either she’s
being extra careful to not lose or she’s trying to show off; maybe to
impress me. Hopefully it’s the latter.

No matter, my attention snaps back to her hurtling towards me; the
moment I’ve been waiting for has arrived. Her positioning is exactly as
it was last night. I can see her imminent future perfectly. She’s going
to stop, spin into a crouch, and hook the ball into that mesmerizing ‘S’
pattern that’ll break the laws of physics along with everyone’s brain.

Holy shit, the move’s real. Jeremy stands petrified in awe, but I’m
ready. As the ball snakes back and forth towards the goal, time slows to
a crawl. I ignore its current position, and sprint to the next point I
know it will intersect. My foot connects and sends the ball careening in
the opposite direction, ending its sinusoidal reign of terror.

Olivia is stunned. Everyone is. Not enough for us to win, we lost
horribly, but we all knew the true victory was mine. I had done
something no one else had achieved. In that moment, the squire slew the
dragon. Drinks are in order. There’s a bar just across the street.
Jeremy even offers to cover my beer, which I humbly accept.

As we walk to our respective cars, Olivia stops me. I expect her to be
embarrassed or upset, but she’s actually super excited.

“Dude, that save was amazing! How did you know how my move worked? No
one else has ever done anything like it; I checked. Like, I literally
invented it, but you definitely knew what it was”

I shrug mysteriously

“Nope. I’m just that good”

She laughs

“Clearly you’re not. It looked like you’d never even seen a soccer ball
for like 99% of the game, then you pulled off some black magic shit”

“I did black magic? What was your move then? You sure you don’t have a
voodoo ball in your pocket?”

“Well you obviously saw it before; have you spied on me practicing or
something?

Shit, I can’t come off as a creep. What do I say? I can’t think of
anything. What if I just tell the truth and pass it off as some kind of
weird unexplainable thing? Maybe it’ll make me even more interesting.
Worth a shot I guess

“No no, nothing like that! I’m not a weirdo, I only really heard about
you a few days ago. This’ll sound so freakin weird, but I swear it’s
true. I sort of had a dream about it last night”

“Oh really?”

“I know, I know. I get the weirdest, most vivid dreams all the time.
They’re usually too ridiculous to remember, but I guess your move was so
weird that it made sense to show up in my dream world? No offense”

“That’s so cool man. I get super crazy dreams too, but nothing like
that. This’ll sound weird, but they’re usually… kind of violent. Like I
kicked some guy’s head off last night; it was nuts”

Her eyes are on the floor, her confidence is clearly receding, but she
continues

“I swear I don’t get pleasure from hurting people or anything, it’s just
something that happens a lot. I usually don’t admit that to people, but
you got the ball rolling by admitting you dreamed about me, so it’s your
fault if the vibe’s weird”

I don’t know how I was expecting her to react, but this was not it. I’m
starting to see why the Presence has chosen her for me

“Damn I get those too! I always thought that I was crazy or something.
They’re so disturbing, but they’re honestly annoying more than anything
now. They’re sooo long, like bro, can you die already? I got better
things to do, am I right?”

“Oh my gosh, yeah! It’s so annoying, it honestly ruins my whole morning,
I’m never well-rested after. And I can’t complain about it to anyone
since they’ll think I’m a psycho”

She stares absent-mindedly, a small smile creeping along her lips. She
seems genuinely relieved

“I’m glad to meet you, Jack, I feel so validated right now”

She lets out a breathy laugh and so do I

“Me too, dude, me too. You wanna talk more at the bar? We should
probably get going so the others aren’t waiting”

“I actually need to get home to feed my cat, so I’ll have to take a rain
check on the drinks, but I’ll see you tomorrow, you can get lunch with
me and Mary”

I give her a pouting face, but internally am overjoyed at the momentous
progress I’ve made tonight

“Damn, alright then, I’ll see you tomorrow!”

As we go our separate ways, I quickly spin back around

“A-And sweet dreams!!”

She laughs and gives a thumbs up. Nice. My past self, even from a few
hours ago, would never have thought a girl like Olivia would ever react
to my stupid jokes like that. She’s clearly into me. I can’t wait to see
what’s in store for me tomorrow.

But first, I must traverse the dreamscape until morning. I once again
stand naked upon the midnight soccer field. My body is still paralyzed,
my gaze fixed forward where Olivia was previously standing. She’s no
longer there. I am totally alone. Nothing’s happening; why am I here?

I need to find a way to move or, better yet, change to another dream.
I’ve never had luck lucid dreaming, but I’ve never really tried. I
rarely possess the equanimity to take control, but my mind is peculiarly
empty tonight; unclouded enough to sense that someone has appeared
behind me.

As if on cue, slender fingers begin to gently glide across my shoulders
and back. They silently stroke my face and encircle my chest, their skin
cold and smooth. Her breath tickles my neck; her lips softly caress my
ear. I can feel her burning passion for me, her ravenous desire. I need
to find a way to turn around. I need to see her, to feel her. Turn
around. Please turn around…

I awake on the floor beside my bed, manifesting our union upon my
singular flesh. With awareness returning, I catch my breath in
exasperation. I hate when this happens. One would think this particular
parasomnia would be enjoyable, but no, waking in the midst of such
things leaves you with a greater sense of violation than fulfillment.
It’s your body, so you reframe the compulsion as a rational choice, but
it’s not, and for that time, neither is your body.

At least these most recent commands involved Olivia. Albeit simulated,
her intimacy was far preferable to others I’ve unconsciously
experienced. Thankfully, the rest of my night is undisturbed and I awake
relatively well-rested.

As I set down my coffee, Mary swivels her chair around like a Bond
villain

“What did you tell Olivia last night?”

“Morning to you too. Like before I got to the bar? She already wasn’t
planning on coming, it wasn’t because of anything I said”

“Yeah I know, she always feeds Mia at 7. I wanna know how you got her to
invite you to our lunch table. There’s no way you’re that smooth”

She’s right and she knows it. From all the years we’ve spent in this
cubicle, she’s never seen me succeed with the ladies. Not like I’ve
tried all that much, but when I have, she’s always been there to laugh
at me. There’s no way she’ll believe me, but there’s no point in lying
since Olivia might bring it up later

“I just told her how I knew how to stop her S-move”

“What, how you saw a homeschool soccer kid do it once?”

“I just told you guys that since I didn’t feel like explaining shit at a
loudass bar. No, I dreamed about it, Mary”

“What the fuck? That’s crazy dude, no way”

“You know how insane my dreams are. But yeah she believed me”

“Why on earth would she believe you? And even if you somehow did dream
about her, why the fuck would you ever tell her that? That’s soooo
creepy, Jack. You guys literally just met”

“I know, I know. I just couldn’t think of a lie and it felt right. She
wasn’t creeped out or anything, I guess she has weird dreams too”

“Yeah she does, but nothing like that. What are you a prophet now?”

“Yeah, so you better behave before I get God to smite you”

“Oooh behave? I’m your dog too, huh?”

“Stop being weird. I’m just saying don’t mess this up for me”

“So you really like Olivia?”

“Maybe, I don’t know; she’s just really hot and I don’t need you
sabotaging me”

“Oh, you’ll do that all by yourself buddy, I’m not worried. Just don’t
be so cringe that she’s bitter towards me for introducing you”

“Deal. So we have a truce then?”

She narrows her eyes deviously

“I guess so. For now”

I return her smirk

“Good girl. I’ll give you a treat if you help me get her number”

“Gross. You’re on your own, Moses”

She lazily spins back to her computer and so do I. Lunch can’t come soon
enough.

We take the elevator together. Mary can be a bit of a wild card, but I
must admit I’m far less nervous with her next to me. As the doors open,
Olivia’s desk comes into full view. She’s just as pretty as ever.
Nevermind; my confidence is entirely gone again.

I need to remind myself that we’ve had one or two decent interactions
and we’re already sort of friends. I don’t need to feel like an outsider
anymore. As we walk up to her desk, I try to stammer out a witty
greeting, but Mary has already begun exchanging pleasantries. The
resulting gauche cacophony prompts Mary to kick my shin. I shut up,
wincing more out of psychological pain than physical.

“You ready?”

Olivia laughs and joins us. I let them do most of the talking, feigning
interest in their inter-department gossip and grievances with the
company, until finally Olivia mentions last night.

“By the way, did you see Jeremy’s face when I did the S? He was
absolutely terrified, couldn’t have been better!”

“Well, it coulda been better if someone else wasn’t trying to show off”

Mary and Olivia both mock-glare at me

“What? I had a vision from God. I was tasked with putting a stop to your
demonic sorcery”

“Yeah speaking of, what is Jack on about, Olivia? You actually believe
he saw the future or some shit?”

Olivia nods as she chews her food

“Honestly yeah, I’ve heard of it happening before. I mean, nobody really
knows how dreams work, they’re pretty weird sometimes”

“Yeah I know yours can be too. It’s just crazy that he dreamed about you
before even really meeting you”

“I’d normally agree, but you know what’s crazier? I actually dreamed
about you last night, Jack!”

I stop chewing

“What? Really?”

“Well, I guess it’s really not entirely insane; it was bound to happen
eventually. See, I pretty much only dream about people I know. Like
Mary, you’re in tons of my dreams, but it’s surprising how fast you
showed up, Jack”

“Weird. What was it about? Was he doing anything interesting?”

“Yeah, was I like a main character or something?”

“You were just standing off in the background, but I walked up to you.
We were both in this giant field, probably because that’s how we met?
But you didn’t talk to me. You honestly looked kinda sad or worried? I
don’t know, the dream changed before I was able to get you to notice me”

I was in her dream. Sure hers wasn’t exactly like mine, but still.
Similar enough. My abilities are getting stronger. Mary stirs her food.

“Dang that’s kinda creepy actually”

Olivia shrugs

“I guess, but my dreams are far scarier usually, so this one was pretty
harmless”

I need more information. Play it casual

“Yeah I’m glad you didn’t brutally murder me or anything”

Olivia laughs nervously

“Yeah nothing like that, thankfully”

“You sure nothing else happened? Like you didn’t touch me or anything?
What was I wearing?”

“I don’t really remember, it was pretty fast”

“And you said I looked sad? How’d you see my face if you were behind
me?”

“Huh? I wasn’t behind you; not close enough to touch you either. And
yeah you seemed almost scared or something, I don’t know”

Olivia pokes at her food awkwardly. Shit I’m coming off too strong. So
what if she doesn’t remember her dream correctly? Maybe she’s too
embarrassed with Mary there

“Forget about it dude, they’re just dreams right? Though if you see me
again, kick a ball at my head or something, I don’t wanna be a mopy
loser. Funny loser is a far more apt category for me”

They both laugh

“Jack and I should probably be getting back, there’s a meeting at 2,
remember?”

“Sounds good. Well, I’ll see you guys later. Jack, you coming to play on
Thursday?”

“Hell yeah, brother. Same time right?”

“Oh yeah. And for real, if you have any more weird dreams that tell the
future, you gotta tell us in advance, or else that’s cheating”

“As long as you warn us before doing whatever magic shit you do. And
what are you talking about, you still beat us no problem”

“I’m with Olivia on this, you gotta tell. Especially if I show up”

“Why? You jealous? Get over it, you’re apparently the girl of Olivia’s
dreams already”

“Ha ha. One: it’s weird when you do it, and two: I wanna know if I can
do any crazy magic like her. If you know a girl’s destiny, you gotta
tell her, Jack”

“Come up with one yourself. And not all my dreams are about soccer. That
would be truly psychotic”

Laughing, we say our goodbyes and go to our respective meetings.

Over the following months, all our destinies remain a mystery, even
mine. My parasomnias are regularly irregular and my dream journal goes
relatively untouched. Despite my obvious ineptitude and internal disdain
for soccer, the group readily accepts me as their own, and I can’t help
but form a bond passable as friendship in return.

The newest development is that Jeremy and some of his friends have
become a permanent fixture of our lunch crew. Although they’re genuinely
unobnoxious people, their diversion of Olivia’s attention is exceedingly
annoying. I solely maintain their company so that Olivia doesn’t grow
accustomed to my absence. It’s all a social formality really. A game.

She and I both know her demurity is an act and she’s just measuring me
up against the other guys. A competition that was set up to fail from
the start. It doesn’t matter what value anyone else brings to the table,
I’m literally psychic. No one can beat that.

Any day now, she’ll get tired of playing hard to get and everything will
play out how it was meant to. I know it’s getting closer, we ourselves
have gotten so much closer. I’ve even quit my second job so that I can
spend more time practicing with her and Jeremy. That’s one good use of
the guy’s exhausting extroversion I guess.

Pretty early on, he offered to hang out one-on-one to help catch me up;
a stomach-churning idea that I would’ve immediately turned down if
Olivia hadn’t jumped on the idea herself. Something about “winning all
the time being boring”, and “teaching a successor to follow in her
footsteps sounding more exciting”.

Thanks Jeremy, I appreciate the opportunity to spend more time with
Olivia, but I’m not sure why you decided to stick around as her TA. It
would have been so much easier if he wasn’t in my way all the time. I
can tell how much she looks forward to our sessions; how excited she is
when we walk up each night. All I can do is stay the course and await
further instruction from beyond. As I sink beneath the somnolent waves
tonight, I can sense the Presence rising to meet me. It appears, the
time has come.

The grass is cold and wet under my bare feet. Am I back on the same
field? It’s hard to tell. If I am, all the lights are off and the grass
is severely overgrown. At least I’m clothed this time. Far off to my
left, someone is crying. Crying hard. The most ungodly sobs fill my ears
as I investigate. It’s Mary.

She’s lying in a fetal ball in the grass, her whole body wracked in
misery. I call her name but her screams drown out my voice. I try
shaking her, but she only convulses in further distress. I step back in
dismay; the noise is unbearable. I cover my ears, but it’s like an audio
cable’s plugged directly into my brain. It’s not even in sync with her
mouth anymore.

I have no choice. I crush her head under my foot. Shattered teeth and
viscous brain matter squelch between my toes. A teary eye punctured by
fragmented skull blinks back at me. Of course it’s one of these dreams.
I expect her disgusting gurgling to continue as I prepare to disembowel
her, but no. The moans I now hear are coming from someone elsewhere. And
whoever she is, she’s not crying.

It’s a sound I’m very familiar with imagining. A passion I yearn to
witness with Olivia. It’s her. Sorry Mary, I’ll kill you properly later.
My feet lift off the blood-stained grass and I sweep across the field in
heated search. Escaping the metallic miasma of Mary’s carnage, I hit a
wall of yonic musk. She has to be close, like directly beneath me. I
peer into the matted grass, but there’s nothing. Where is she? In the
ground?

Her intoxicating aroma emanates from the dirt. I can sense her deep
within the earth; sinking further and further, but her voice remains
clear. As I tear at the grass in frustration, her gasping sighs form a
hellspawn chorus with Mary’s returning grief-stricken wails. In the
distance, her mostly-headless corpse calmly walks towards us, screaming
the whole way.

I’m too late. Before I know it, I’m back in the waking world. I look
about my surroundings, half-expecting to be debauched on the floor, but
I’m still in bed. I sigh in relief and roll over, finding myself face to
face with Olivia. I sit there frozen, gazing upon her without a thought
in my mind.

Her cheeks are faintly flushed, but her eyes are closed, her face
placid, her breathing soft, her body still, blankets pulled up to her
bare shoulders. An invisible hand gently grasps the blanket’s edge,
awaiting my command.

I nod my head and her covering is slowly drawn back, revealing her naked
body. An image rivaling those of the Renaissance, but tragically lacking
their timelessness, blinking out of existence in a mere second,
restoring mundane reality along with the rising sun. This was no
ordinary fantasy. This was a vision. A promise. A literal gift laid
before me to be unwrapped.

Despite my failure, the Presence, my most dutiful servant, pulled Olivia
from the earth and delivered her to me beyond the dream. Our fates are
clearly sealed, and tonight is the night; I’m certain of it. I lay back
with a giddy smile, wondering if Olivia’s body will be as beautiful in
the real world as it was just now. I’ll know within the day.
