Dreaming. Huh. It’s a really odd thing, you know? When you fall asleep,
sometimes your brain just hallucinates images and sounds, and if you’re
lucky, maybe even smells, taste and touch. By all logic, that type of
thing shouldn’t happen. Officially, it’s just the brain trying to make
sense of the random electrical charges that shoot in your brain when you
sleep. Nothing more, nothing less.

As a 20 year old undergraduate in psychology, I knew what my thesis
would be about before I even stepped foot into university: how dreams
could help one understand yourself and others. It was a suitably odd
thesis, and my fellow peers were rather… well, confused was an
understatement. Dreams were infamously difficult to study in psychology,
due to their fleeting and nonsensical nature.

What wasn’t nonsensical, however, were lucid dreams.

This is indeed a bias, but yes, I love lucid dreams. You can be in a
world of your own, shaped by no rules, with no limits except for your
own imagination. To be conscious in a dream is to be the God of your
world. To be able to create, and to be able to destroy; to be able to
change and to be able to transform.

The day someone invents a way to trigger a lucid dream on command, is
the day I will finally have a good sleep schedule.

But I’m getting way too ahead of myself. See, I chose this thesis for a
personal reason. A personal reason, that, until now, I have never told
anyone, not even my closest friends, or even my aunt and uncle, who were
my foster parents. The only person that even knows to some degree is my
cousin, Gary, who is the biological kid of said aunt and uncle. Even
then, I never told him the whole truth, because the truth is sometimes
less kind than a lie.

Oh yeah… I still haven’t said my name yet. You kind of need it. Call me
Oliver, please, even though my full name is Oliver Johannesburg.

…

The thing that started it all was my little sister, Ava’s, 13th
birthday, the 19th of April on 2022. It’s odd that I still remember
that. We were in the dining room of our comfy suburban home, and I was
singing Happy Birthday to her, along with our mother and step-father,
with reckless abandon. The cake itself was a strawberry shortcake, Ava’s
favorite, with the candles making the shape of a thirteen. She had just
come back from school, what with it being a regular Tuesday.

Ava looked like a mini-version of our mother, those black dreads
reaching down to shoulder-length, and brown eyes sparkling with joy that
one could only find from a girl in her own birthday party. Me, I looked
more like my birth father, with messy brown hair and baby blue eyes that
never left me even after I stopped being a baby. Some of the softer
features I inherited from my mother, like my nose and ears. Mind you,
Ava was still my full sister. My mother and my birth father divorced
shortly before Ava was born, for reasons I… well, I was probably too
young to understand.

“Make a wish, Ava,” my stepfather said, a soft smile forming on his
face.

She gently closed her eyes, and blew the candles out, silently wishing a
birthday wish.

At least, it should have been silent.

“I wish for justice against the one who has wronged us.”

Those words, in the sweet and still-innocent voice of my little sister,
without her even opening her mouth, jarred me. What on Earth did she
even mean? What was she trying to imply? Justice? What justice was
there?

Now that I thought about it, I looked around. Things that weren’t in my
field of view were swirling around, like a shitty video game that hadn’t
been rendered yet. It was wrong, but the more I thought about it, the
more unstable the world became. Even my stepfather’s face was swirling,
like it was on the verge of existing and not-existing. My mother
remained stable, and so did my little sister, oddly enough, as if they
were trying to ground me in this… place. I had to use all of my mental
power, because I didn’t want to leave whatever this place was.

And then it hit me.

I was in a dream.

As soon as those words echoed through my mind, the place, the cozy
suburban home stabilized. Everything seemed so much clearer, all the
details of the place becoming crisp. There were photographs of my family
scattered throughout the house, and all sorts of stuff. I saw a colorful
box, presumably holding all sorts of toys. The stairs became clearer,
and I knew there had to be an upstairs now.

My stepfather’s face stabilized, and I looked into those emerald green
eyes for the first time. Because, the last time I checked, I did not
have a step-father. This man, this person with blonde hair and green
eyes, was unknown to me. I had never seen him before, and was probably
some mashup between the people I’ve seen over the sixteen years of my
life back then. After all, I did know the basics of dreaming.

Oddly enough, I did know his name, and it was in my head: Scott
Brighton. His name was familiar, but I couldn’t pinpoint why.

As I glanced at my mother, I suddenly had to drink in the view, those
loving brown eyes showing a mother’s love on full display, forcing my
eyes to water. A mother’s love that… I had never felt before. Why?
Because my mother, Catherine Davis, was dead. Dead in a car accident
that almost killed me, dead carrying Ava in her womb, who probably died
in the same instant that she did. I was only three at the time, never
understanding the gravity of the situation as the car crashed into ours,
and mercifully only getting minor injuries from the impact instead of
getting killed. And Scott Brighton… the person who crashed his car into
my mother’s, before, according to official reports, committing suicide
in shame. He was also inebriated, hence he probably wasn’t thinking
straight.

In an instant, my mother’s face flashed, and I saw shards of glass on
her face, piercing it in horrifying ways. Blood was running down her
face, but that was nothing compared to the piece of steel from the car
that smashed into her stomach, and most certainly her placenta, almost
certainly killing the unborn fetus that was Ava. I didn’t consciously
remember that scene, but it seemed that my subconscious did.

I stepped back in horror and revulsion at the sight, but my mother
reverted back to her loving self, looking at me with all the love in the
world. Looking back at Ava, the sister that never saw the light of day,
she looked at me with sadness, all the innocence sapped from her eyes, a
stark contrast to what I saw previously during the birthday.

That was what finally broke the dam, as the tears flowed down, and now
that I think about it, they behaved surprisingly realistically for what
was a dream. But at the time, I was overwhelmed with sadness, unable to
comprehend that I was looking at the family I never had, the family that
could have been. My mother, with swiftness, came by my side and gave me
a fierce hug, one that felt so warm and loving it could have been real.

“Y – you’re dead,” I said with almost a sense of finality, as the tears
flowed down my cheeks.

“I know, Oliver,” she said, almost as if it was some casual joke, “It
doesn’t stop me from loving you beyond the grave. Even if it’s a dream.”

But even as I was in my mother’s arms, there was a simple question in
the back of my head.

Where the hell was my birth father?

Nathaniel Johannesburg was still taking care of me, still suffering
grief from the loss of his wife and daughter. He loved me as a son, and
never remarried anyone else since the accident, heartbroken and
destroyed from what he presumed was his failure. He wasn’t in the car
during that incident, seeing as how he was busy doing a project at home.

So, again, where was he in this dream?

As if hearing the question in my head, Scott Brighton, who was… somehow
supposed to be my step-father, even though he technically caused my
mother’s death, answered.

“He won’t appear here,” he said soothingly, sounding hurt and tired from
something. I looked up to see him. “He’s not dead, after all.”

“You… you killed them,” I said flatly, and he winced in shame, “Almost
killed me too, actually. Why the hell is this dream showing you married
to my FUCKING MOTHER?”

My voice rose at the last two words, causing the world to shake a little
bit, the dream going a little hazy before stabilizing once more.

“Look,” he said, voice laced with pure shame and self-hatred, “I hate
myself for doing what I did. You don’t have to forgive me for what I
did, you know. But now, this is what it is. I have to deal with my own
sins, and so, go ahead and scream at me. God knows I deserve it.”

Before I could say anything else, I heard my sister’s pouting voice.

“Hey!” Ava said, hands on her hips in a fake expression of disapproval,
“Have you forgotten about me, Oli?”

“No,” I tilted my head to the side, looking at what my sister… well,
what she could have been. What could I even say to a person that had
never been born yet, and would never been born into this world?

As if hearing my question to myself, Ava answered. “It’s fine. I would
have liked to see the real sky, but it’s fine. It would have actually
been my thirteenth today, if… that didn’t happen. And also, Oliver, I do
mean my birthday wish.”

The words echoed in my head again. She wanted justice to be delivered to
someone. But… who? Wasn’t it an accident?

“I wish it was one,” my mother spat out, voice suddenly twisted in
disgust. “The things… the things that happened after that… it sickens
me. You never deserved any of that.”

Her words swirled with confusion, with me unable to get head nor tail of
it. What didn’t I deserve? And the entire thing, if the dream was
correct, was not an accident. It couldn’t be, could it? Everyone, back
in the real world, when I asked, looked down in shame and said that it
was a tragic accident, one that nobody deserved, least of all me.

“Listen, kiddo,” Scott Brighton looked me dead in the eye, “I’m asking
for just one favor, please. When no one is at home, go into your
father’s room, open the second drawer from the top on his desk, and grab
the phone with a DNA sticker. The passcode is 473901. Once you have it,
you know what to do next. Do this… for your mother and your sister. I
know you don’t trust me, but please, for the love of all that is sacred
to you, do it. Please…”

For a moment, I had the temptation to tell him, no, I hoped he was
actively burning in hell, but I thought otherwise. If this guy was
appearing as a figment of my imagination, maybe I knew something about
this passcode. After all, lucid dreams did have a tendency to reach into
your subconscious.

“Fine,” I snapped, looking at him with anger, “Clearly, my brain is
trying to mess with me. And I don’t understand why you’re giving me this
information, but I’ll do it. This isn’t even fucking real, but whatever.
I’ll do whatever this… fetch-quest is, but if it doesn’t work, I hope I
get another lucid dream to scream at you for fucking with me.”

“It will work,” Brighton said with surprising confidence, “Though you
are welcome to do whatever you want the next time you go lucid.”

“Oliver,” my mother interrupted, “Listen to Scott, will you? He’s
right.”

“I’ll do it for you… Mum,” I said, the unfamiliar word rolling off the
tongue surprisingly easily, “And for Ava. But… this isn’t even real, is
it? I’m just talking to my own mind; I mean, I do know how dreams work.
You aren’t real… even though you do feel real.”

“Of course I’m real, Oliver,” she answered in a surprisingly sage tone,
“All of us are, after a fashion. Sure, it’s all a dream, but that
doesn’t stop it from being real. If it feels real… well, doesn’t that
mean it is real?”

“Bye-bye, Oli,” Ava said, running over to hug me tightly, surprising me.
For a person who hadn’t been born, she felt so warm. It felt odd, like
some sort of brotherly instinct coming over me, for a sister that never
lived. “You’re going now, I can feel it.”

She was right, as the dream began to swirl gently.

“Bye, Ava,” I said, feeling the tears flow down my cheeks again, “See
you… someday.”

And in an instant, I snapped back, feeling the bed in my real bedroom
under me, the sunlight already piercing through the window. With a
glance at the digital clock, the time was 7:10 in the morning, the date
being the 20th of April, 2022. Odd, how the date remained consistent,
but I ignored it.

…

I ignored it all, in fact, for the time being. It was a fucking dream,
for goodness sake. My mind was clearly on something that night, because
it came up with a stupid fetch quest that made absolutely no sense. My
father, very much real and alive, was busy with his work and all.

Still, curiosity got the better of me, which was how I ended up in my
father’s bedroom, opening the second drawer from the top. And lo and
behold, on the very back was a phone with a DNA sticker, of a model
thirteen years old at this point. I had never seen it in all my life,
and yet my brain still was able to tell me exactly what it was. I was,
however, more concerned about the fact that there was another phone in
the drawer. Regardless, I left it hidden in there, as I was forced to
charge the old phone.

Fortunately, my father never noticed its disappearance, and once it was
usable, I clicked it on.

And gasped at the wallpaper, which was none other than the grinning face
of Scott Brighton, with my father on the side of. Tapping 4-7-3-9-0-1,
and I was in, my dream ringing true once more. Confusion and curiosity
formed twin streams in my mind, and I checked Scott’s last messages with
my father, trying to ignore why Scott’s phone was in my father’s drawer.

Me: Mate, you got my car, right

Me: Help driv me back home, will u

Me: I’m drunk

Nate: Sure, no problem.

Me: Thanks, you a lifesafer

The time of the conversation? 10:30 pm, the 2nd of February, 2009.

Time of the accident, based on the official investigation of Scott
Brighton’s body? Approximately 11:00 pm to 12:00 am, of the same date.

The blood ran cold in my body, because that right there was something. I
had no idea why my father kept Scott’s phone, but clearly, this wasn’t
right. This wasn’t right at all. Based on these messages, my own father
was driving the car when he was heading back home. According to what the
news article said, he was at home since ten at night.

Which meant that my father was lying.

My body was all numb as I trudged into my father’s room, placing the
phone exactly where it was previously. I would find it if I had to. But
then, my eyes were drawn to the second phone, which, for some reason,
instilled a deeper sense of fear, piercing my heart like a dagger. This
one was newer, and actually had a decent amount of charge. So, curiosity
won once more, and I flicked it open.

It was at that point, however, that I realised that I didn’t know the
passcode for this new phone. Three tries, before I was locked out. This
one smelled like my father’s cologne, which meant that this was probably
one of his phones, which probably meant it was a birthday.

8-0-0-9-1-4. My father’s birthday. Access denied.

8-1-1-1-0-5. My mother’s birthday. Access denied.

0-6-0-5-3-0. My birthday. Access granted.

I froze as the lock screen faded away. My father used my birthday as a
passcode. Immediately, I entered WhatsApp as fast as I possibly could.
After all, who was he communicating to on this phone? And what was he
trying to do? Why would he kill my mother and unborn sister, if that was
truly what happened.

The most recent messages were to an unknown number, named Dealer by the
messages.

Dealer: Will he be alone?

Me: For the most part.

Dealer: Just one push?

Me: Hopefully.

Dealer: Why not yourself?

Me: I can’t.

Me: It can’t be me.

Dealer: Fair enough.

Dealer: Date and time?

Me: 7 May

Me: Be on the lookout from morning to noon.

Dealer: Payment?

Me: After job is done.

No. This wasn’t happening, as I grabbed both phones, and stuffed
everything in my backpack. I stuffed all of the snacks, everything. And
I bolted out of the house, and ran, never planning to stop, even for a
bit. There was no chance in hell this was happening. On the 7th of May,
me and my father would be travelling to a scenic location, which
included a particularly famous cliff.

My father was going to kill me. But he didn’t have the balls to do it
himself, so he needed another person to do the job for him. Or maybe he
did feel something for me. Either way, he was going to kill me. The
person who loved me, the person who laughed and joked around with me,
the person who cried for my mother, with tears that must have been fake,
was going to kill me. Every bit of evidence was unanimously crying in
one direction, that I was going to die.

…

What happened afterwards was a blur. I just remember running from my
home, a backpack slung over my shoulders, heart pounding like I was
going to die. Eventually, I reached the local police station, and I
showed the evidence, scared for my life. Turns out, the only reason they
closed the case about the accident was because they thought Scott’s
death was a suicide. The messages cast doubt into that.

And the other phone, the one where my father was plotting my own death?
Well, I still remember the face of the officer morphing into a horrified
look at the sight of this. I was temporarily put inside a holding cell,
usually reserved for inmates, while they arranged transport to a random
AirBnB around 50 kilometres away.

There, my life was almost entirely upside down. With only my actual
phone to keep me company, and some books, I was living along for the
first time of my life. Sure, law enforcement is rather friendly to
people under witness protection, but I wouldn’t actually consider them
friends.

I don’t exactly know the details of how my father got arrested. I don’t
even know how he reacted when the police came to my old home. The first
time I met him since I ran was during the trial, where I served as a
witness. Hell, I don’t even remember the exact words I spoke in court,
but it was probably a shaky explanation of what went down, carefully
skipping over the fact where I got information from a dream.

Hence why, the authorities got a story of how I managed to guess the
passcode because I heard my dad mutter it in his sleep for some odd
reason. The phone, I admitted, was just plain educated guessing. The
defence lawyer tried to claim that it was a set-up, and that I wanted to
put my father in jail to further some agenda about money. This was,
before the prosecution revealed that my father would have gotten almost
a million pounds if I died from insurance. In fact, he had gotten a
million already from my mother’s death.

For the first time in my life, I cursed the fact that I looked like him.

When he tried to plead to me, saying that he loved me and that he would
never hurt me, I do still remember my response, down to the word and
inflection.

“You could at least have had the courage to kill me yourself, coward.”

Nathaniel Johannesburg was convicted on one count of conspiracy to
murder, and sentenced to life imprisonment, only possibility of parole
being after 35 years. That wasn’t even counting the possible murder of
my mother and Scott Brighton, which, if convicted, could land two more
lifetimes in prison, with no possibility for parole.

I had no need to be present for both of those trials. I still did
anyway, just to spite my father and taunt him with his failure. He was
convicted on both counts, unable to use his money to retain a lawyer,
seeing as how it was from a possible murder death claim.

Oh, and Dealer? Yeah, he tried to run, but he was caught in the end
after only a few months.

On the night of 19th of April 2023, a year after all this insanity
began, I found myself in the same dream yet again, this time to
celebrate Ava’s fourteenth birthday. This time, however, I guessed what
was going on instantly. Personally, celebrations in what I assumed had
to be the afterlife (look, I knew damn well that there was no chance
this was a normal lucid dream) were rather happy, for some reason.

I stayed there for what I felt was much longer, before Scott Brighton
hugged me for the first time, and told me that he was proud of me, even
though he couldn’t have taken care of me.

Alas, all dreams must come to an end.

So, as I’m typing this, looking over my shoulder to ensure my roommate
isn’t going to walk in and snoop at this godforsaken confession, I must
say, dreams really do like to fuck around with people. Sometimes in good
ways, though maybe in bad ways too. I wouldn’t know. My sister had her
17th a few months ago, and I’m still invited when I sleep, which is
nice. Am I insane for thinking that all of that stuff in the dream was
real? Perhaps. But as I personally like to say, insanity is merely the
other side of the coin for ingenuity.

Though, I wonder if I’m the only person plagued by dreams like this…
