Part 1
Part 2
Part 3

So, good news, I did end up heading over to the school last night. I
arrived at around 11 p.m. just to be certain that the area was empty.
Even then, I spent at least an hour just sitting in my car, casing the
building. I will admit, this is not my first time going to the school at
night. Back when I was in my junior year of high school, my friends and
I broke into the school once. Not to do anything like stealing or
vandalizing the place, just out of the boyish curiosity to know what the
location you visit every day feels like at night. The only difference
now was that I felt a sense of actual consequences if I got caught. I
was mainly making sure that nobody was still in the building, though in
hindsight, it wouldn’t make any sense for anybody to be there at that
time. Truthfully, I was probably just nervous, but I feel like everybody
has that feeling when they’re doing something they’re not supposed to
do. Most just don’t want to admit it.

I never noticed how dead the outside of the school looked at night. I
guess it makes sense. It’s not something that is easily noticeable
unless you’re looking for it, but I’ve been there countless times at
night (in the weight room mainly) and it only really occurred to me at
that moment. That, and the quiet. It’s odd for a place in the South to
ever be silent at night, but just sitting there with the window rolled
down, I realized that it seemed like even the cicadas were silent
outside that school.

I knew exactly where the best window to climb in was. All I needed to do
was put on the cloth mask that I had, just as a precaution. They do have
cameras in the school, and I was pretty sure they were tied to some sort
of motion sensor. We figured that out when we went inside the gym at 12
a.m. to set up our senior prank and Principal Bryan showed up just ten
minutes later.

I was in the process of putting the mask on when I saw something I
desperately didn’t want to see: headlights. Blue LED headlights. In the
town I live in, that was almost guaranteed to be a cop. The car pulled
into the parking lot, and then I lost any hope that it wasn’t a cop when
I saw the big white “Police” on the side of the SUV.

“Shit,” I muttered to myself as I stuffed the mask into the passenger
seat. I took a deep breath as the car pulled up beside me.

The officer pulled up beside me, rolling down his window to reveal a
somewhat skinny man, probably in his mid-30s, with a patchy brown beard.

“Hey, aren’t you Greg’s son?” the cop asked me in a deep Southern voice.

“No, sir, I’m his nephew,” I responded. I had no idea who this guy was.

The officer nodded. “Ah, I gotcha. Whatcha doing out here, man?” he
asked, not as if I was in trouble, but just curiously.

“I’ve just been driving for a while. Was just stopping here to rest a
little,” I responded.

“Yeah, man. Trust me, I understand that. Is your uncle still coaching
football? I know he’s always coached basketball, but I remember him
coaching football too, I’m pretty sure,” the officer asked with a tone
that implied we’d known each other forever.

“Yeah, I’m pretty sure. He was still coaching when I played last year,”
I responded, desperately trying to get the conversation over with.

“Yeah, what’s your name again?” the officer asked.

“Braydan,” I said, internally screaming.

He paused for a second. “Yeah, that’s right. I remember you. God, you
graduated last year, didn’t you?” he asked.

I nodded. “Yeah, I did,” I answered.

“Well, hey, tell Greg that Tom said ‘hello.’ Take all the time you need
and drive safe,” he requested.

I nodded again. “Will do.”

The officer rolled up his window and made a U-turn out of the parking
lot. As soon as he did, I could’ve sworn I almost honked the horn with
how quickly my head collapsed onto the steering wheel in relief. I made
the decision to go ahead and move my car somewhere more out of sight. I
turned the car on and began driving towards the field house, where the
weight room was, so that I could hide it on the practice field behind
the building.

After doing so, I thought to myself for a brief second, they’re gonna
know it was me that was here if they see someone in the building. This
was followed by the reassuring thought, nobody will actually care. You
just can’t show your face here after this. I went ahead and put on the
black cloth mask that I had with me, and then I got out of the car and
started crouch-walking towards the school.

The walk to the school from the field house was a bit long, but nothing
that couldn’t be handled. What was harder to handle was the massive pit
in my stomach that was insistent on keeping me feeling somewhat sick.
The window I had planned was, ironically, my aunt’s. Just under her
classroom window was a staircase that I always thought was weirdly
placed. I guess it was just a piece of leftover architecture that they
never bothered to remove, which was convenient for me, as it was perfect
for getting up to the high-above window. The school is on sort of an
incline, which means that the front of the building, which included my
aunt’s classroom, had to be built higher up to make sure the school was
even. While there were multiple windows that led directly into the
science annex, they didn’t have the greatest benefit that this one had:
no cameras.

I always thought that those stairs must’ve been used as some sort of
fire escape, but when you actually look, you can notice an unpainted
white spot where a door was supposed to be. The school is quite old, so
I guess you could really expect that there would be some quirks in the
building design.

Despite the sounds of nature being almost nonexistent, that didn’t stop
every other sound from being at least twenty times louder. I could hear
every siren, every time the train passed through town, every car that
passed by, and it sounded like every single one was some kind of threat
to my plan.

That pit in my stomach wouldn’t go away, even as I heard the pop of the
plastic latch as I slid the window open. I scooted over all of the
knickknacks that my aunt would place beside her window and climbed my
way in, but not without slipping and nearly busting my ass on a desk. As
I got up, still rubbing away the soreness, I was startled by my worst
fear. I was blinded as the lights of the room shined directly into my
eyes, which hadn’t adjusted to the light yet. As they adjusted, I
prepared myself for the bare minimum of being yelled at before realizing
that my aunt just hadn’t flipped the switch and the automatic lights had
just kicked on. I jogged towards the other side of the room to
immediately turn the lights off before sighing in relief. I grabbed the
door handle and realized it was locked, which meant that I had to come
back through this way so I could relock it.

It was at this point that I realized, no matter how bad the pit in my
stomach was outside, it was about ten times worse now that I was inside
the building. As I opened the door and walked into the hallway, my eyes,
still adjusting back to the darkness, would trick me into seeing all
sorts of shapes, including some that looked almost human. Once my eyes
finally adjusted, though, I was sure that I was alone, which somehow
didn’t make me feel any better. Somehow, in the few days that it had
been since I had been in there, I had forgotten just how truly silent it
was. When the only thing that can be noticed is the sounds of the school
itself, it starts to feel like it’s alive. And, of course, that’s
without mentioning the constant feeling of being watched. Even as I
moved through the hallways, I couldn’t shake the feeling of not being
alone, despite knowing for certain that I was. I found that the best
thing to do, as I used my phone’s flashlight to navigate my way through
the building, was to just focus on the details of the school. For
example: the posters. In the few days that I had not been there, the
posters had been switched around a bit, I’m assuming just by students as
the week had gone on. Focusing on things like that would only slightly
make it easier to navigate my way through the school, as every shadow
would have the ability to make me jump.

As I kept walking, the feeling of discomfort grew rapidly. When truly
focusing on details, I realized that they had actually repainted the
left side of the school. It was hardly noticeable, but the walls were
definitely painted a slightly deeper shade of blue. I’m not sure if I’m
a fan, but I guess it shouldn’t really matter to me anyways. Of course,
the moment I reached the small staircase heading to the science annex,
my discomfort had decided to reach its absolute peak.

Those stairs. I’m not sure what was harder: walking down them in my
dream or working myself up to go down them in real life. I even
considered using the wheelchair ramp beside the stairs just on the off
chance that it would be easier, but then the thought of not being able
to see what’s behind the corner—or worse, SEEING something behind the
corner—discouraged me. I grabbed the rail and worked my way down the
stairs. One step, two steps, three steps, four steps, five steps.

Once I finally landed on the brown tiled floor, I had to stop for a
second. I realized that from where I was standing, I couldn’t see six
feet in front of me without my light, and a part of me knew that in
about a hundred and five feet, the hallway would be right on my left. A
part of me desperately didn’t want it to be there, but the feeling in my
stomach told me that it had to be. I needed to turn back. I needed to
get away from there. But the internal feeling of something pushing me
forward was too strong. What could possibly be up there? Would I even be
satisfied if I knew? It didn’t matter now because one foot was going in
front of the other as I passed Coach Ellsworth’s classroom. I couldn’t
even bring myself to shine the light in front of me, not that I really
needed it. I knew where I was, or at least I was pretty sure I did. A
snail could’ve possibly beaten me in a race at the pace I was going, but
my body wouldn’t physically let me go any faster as I could now see the
outline of Mr. Phillips’ door. I felt like I was about to puke. Why is
it that when the body feels that it’s in danger, it does everything in
its power to weaken itself? Of course, it wasn’t actually in danger as I
passed Mr. Phillips’ class and arrived at where the hallway should be,
only to be faced with the tan cinder block wall.

As I looked at the wall, all I could truly do was just laugh. The
silence of the building didn’t even bother me anymore. The echoes of my
laughter making it sound like the building was laughing with me didn’t
either. The pit in my stomach, gone. It was a dream. All of it was just
a dream. I probably just saw some stupid hallway when I was a kid and my
mind just associated it with the school. People’s minds do that all the
time, so why is mine any different? What was the point of driving myself
insane over this? There wasn’t any. It was just a dream.

Of course, the laughter didn’t last for long, but the echoes of the
corridors definitely made it last longer than what was welcome,
especially considering the muffling of the mask. At this point, I just
had to get out of the building without being caught. Hell, I even
decided I would just work out in the weight room afterwards. Why not? I
didn’t have to keep that same irrational fear that I’ve been keeping
bottled up inside. For once, the walk back felt as quick as it did
during the day. I just walked to my aunt’s room, flashlight leading the
way. Once I arrived, I made sure to close the door and lock it back
before climbing out the window.

After placing all of my aunt’s knickknacks back from outside, I closed
the window until I heard the pop of the plastic latch bending back into
its place. I climbed down the stairs quickly and made my way to the
field house. Once I made it inside, I went ahead and took the mask off
before doing my workout.

After I finished, I made sure to leave out the back door of the field
house, away from the cameras. I got into my car, turned it on, and drove
out of the school, looking at it in the rearview mirror as all I could
do was just let out a chuckle.

So yes, I believe this should be the final update. Unless anything else
transpires, I believe this is it. Thank you, everyone, for reading.
