I walked around the spacious wood gymnasium floor with my small group of
friends, talking about who knows what. I can’t remember what the
conversation was about but I just remember walking around, messing
around until eventually we walked into the hallway where the doors of
the locker rooms lined the halls. At the end of the hallway was a
staircase leading up onto the dark second story floor of the gym. My
friends and I walked up the stairs, and arrived on what appeared to be a
storage space for gym equipment with a railing that looked down over the
gym floor below. The place was dark, it was above the gym’s lights and
apparently nobody had installed any kind of lighting system on the
upstairs floor so the only source of lighting was the miscellaneous
light from down below. My friends and I talked a little bit more (I’m
not sure about what) and then I woke up.

I was in what appeared to be the lobby of my school, my principal
standing in front of me next to the large staircase leading up to the
building’s second floor. He and I were having a conversation about how I
felt about the new design of the school. I remember saying that I wasn’t
sure, and I’m pretty sure there was some sort of inflatable bouncy
castle in the corner of the room (because dreams) but I can only really
remember what the conversation was about rather than what was said. I
think eventually he froze up, and then I woke up.

I was walking through the sunlit hallways of the school by myself. The
occasional person would pass me, maybe dropping the occasional “Hi” but
outside of that not much else. I turned into the hallway that I’m pretty
sure led to my class. The walls just had the doors of what I assumed
were classrooms. At the end of the hallway was a poster and a turn to
the right that I wasn’t sure where it led. In between two of the
classroom doors was a different door, this one with a small window on
it. I walked past, looked into the window, and saw a staircase that led
into a dark room. I turned away from the door, and walked the other way
out of the hallway, back into the main corridors of the building. And
then of course, I woke up.

All of these dreams have two things in common: firstly, they all take
place at my old high school, and secondly, they all feature locations
that don’t actually exist in real life. I recently graduated, and unlike
how I’m sure most people feel, I actually enjoyed school, or at least I
enjoyed my senior year. I’ve gone to the same school my entire life in
the same small town. Everyone knows each other, most of my family are
either teachers at the school or have graduated from it. It’s a decently
small school, separated into different sections so you’re constantly
going outside to get to your different classes. You have the main
building, the agricultural building, the school gymnasium, the art
building (which is connected to the library), and of course the middle
school and elementary. The school’s actually so small that you have to
go through the elementary school’s area in order to go into the
cafeteria. The point of me explaining that is this: it is basically
impossible to not visit an area of the school, especially when you’ve
been there for most of your life. That’s why these dreams are confusing,
because I’m not sure why they bother me, or at least, I’m not sure why
one of them bothers me. You know what, scratch that, I know exactly why
it bothers me. 

The school lobby dream is the most easily explainable to me: I
recognized the lobby as being from another school that I once visited.
Granted, the lobby was stylized in the same muted gray-blue, drywall
style that my school was but it’s easily written off because of
something as simple as the staircase. You see, when I say my school is
small, I mean it is small. It’s a single story where a max of one room
could possibly fit in the space above. A giant staircase leading into a
massive floor above just simply isn’t possible in the layout of my
school. So I was still able to rationalize that, after getting over the
initial waking up feeling that these dreams leave me with. You have to
understand, these dreams are so vivid that right after I wake up, I
genuinely think to myself “Was that place always there?” The answer is
always logically “No,” but there’s always that thought in the back of my
mind that “Maybe it was.”

The gym dream is different. This is one that every time I have passed by
the school in my car (which I do often) and looked at the gym, I’ve
thought to myself “A second floor is possible there” but I also know
that despite the fact that it’s architecturally possible, it’s not
logically possible simply because of the fact that I have never seen a
staircase, or any sign of a second floor in that gym. Like I said
before, I’ve been there my entire life. Something like a second floor in
the gym is something that I would have eventually seen at some point,
especially since my uncle was the varsity basketball coach. I was just
in the gym too often for something like that to slip past me. But the
hallway dream is where I start having trouble and it is honestly the one
that has been breaking my brain recently.

What made the other two dreams explainable is exactly what makes the
hallway dream harder to explain to me: I remember that hallway being in
the school. I remember going into that hallway specifically and doing
the exact same thing I did in the dream. Walk in, look into the door
window at the staircase, walk away. The only problem is that was when I
was in elementary school. See, my aunt was an English teacher in the
high school and my uncle was also a science teacher in the middle
school. So after school, while waiting for my parents to pick me up, I
would often head to the empty high school to hang out in my aunt’s room
while I waited. During this time, I would walk around the school after
hours, just out of the harmless childhood boredom that everyone has, and
that was the first time that I saw the hallway. Walk in, look in the
door, walk out. That’s all fine except that when I did finally make it
to middle school and started consistently going into the high school (I
had multiple classes that were in the high school building. Again, small
school), the hallway wasn’t there.

Now, I didn’t notice it, of course. I mean it was literally one time in
elementary school that I was in that hallway but that doesn’t change the
fact that despite me definitely remembering it now, it’s not there. It’s
like my brain has naturally mapped out the school over the years, but
even when it knows where the hallway should be, it’s not able to figure
out where it fits into the school. Don’t get me wrong, the hallway fits
right in, if I did see it in person it wouldn’t even be shocking because
it’s not like it’s some sort of impossible space, if it was there it
would fit right into the layout of the school, but it simply just isn’t
there. The dreams are really the only reason that I’ve even come to
remember this, and it’s honestly starting to make me feel like I’ve been
going kind of crazy. Every time I’ve woken up, I’ve had the thought to
myself “Maybe I should actually go there after dark and just see if it
is there” even when I know it isn’t. 

Maybe it wouldn’t be a bad idea to head there during the day to “say hi”
and stop by my aunt’s classroom just to talk to her. That and, you know,
have the opportunity to actually look around everywhere. Even if the
locations aren’t there, it would at least bring some peace of mind
knowing that they weren’t there and maybe my childhood mind just made it
up. Granted, like I said before, I’m pretty sure there’s no way that the
lobby nor the gym upstairs storage area are real. I guess it also
wouldn’t be a bad idea to just ask my uncle about it when I see him
there. Actually, yeah, I’m going to do that. I’ll update this as soon as
possible after I go there, but in the meantime, I really need some
sleep. Goodnight.
