Part 1
Part 2

I walked through the dark halls of the school. It was strange, nobody
seemed to be around at all. You’d expect that even at night maybe the
janitor would stick around but no, the muted gray-blue hallways were
empty. I heard the sounds of students talking in their classrooms, the
sounds of flushing toilets followed by the sound of the faucet running
as someone was washing their hands. I continued gliding past the math
classrooms where while the doors were closed, it appeared that the
lights in the rooms were on. I guess classes are running late, I
remember thinking to myself. I didn’t bother looking through the windows
of the heavy duty doors that stood between me and the rooms, I just
continued gliding to Mr. Childers’ biology class, I was running late. I
could feel the humidity of the air on my skin, they had really been bad
about keeping the heat on lately despite it being only late August. I
continued walking through the dark corridor, looking at the papers on
the wall beside Ms. Wiley’s classroom. Though I couldn’t quite tell what
they said, it looked like they all passed as I’m sure I saw a one
hundred on each of them. That didn’t matter though, I needed to get back
to Mr. Childers’ class before he got angry at me. He did always have a
temper. 

I made it to the staircase that led to the science annex, but for some
reason I struggled to find my way down. Every step felt like a struggle
trying to keep myself from falling down on wobbly legs. One step, then
two, then three, then four, then finally five. Before I knew it, I was
standing on the dirty, rough, brown tiled floor of the science annex. I
let out a sigh of relief and continued walking in the direction of
Mr. Childers’ classroom. I passed by Coach Ellsworth’s room, hearing the
sound of his soft, southern, accent coming through the tacky, wooden
door. The light coming through the window of each of the doors was
blinding. I passed by Mr. Phillips’ room and heard the sound of his
voice too. He was harsher, he didn’t have much of a southern drawl that
the rest of the people in the school had but you could still hear the
slightest bit of it as you listened to him. 

I continued walking and then turned left into the hallway. I was
surrounded by about three doors on my right and three more on my left.
Each of the doors had a little piece of cloth covering their windows,
and at the end of the hall was a poster, and a right turn. Just had to
turn that corner and Mr. Childers’ class would be right there. I walked
a little faster before realizing something. The middle door on the left
didn’t have a piece of cloth covering its window. I stopped, and walked
towards the door. As I looked into the window, I saw a staircase that
appeared to lead upstairs. I couldn’t really see what was up there. All
I could see was a sliver of light, whether it was sunlight, fluorescent
light, or something else I couldn’t tell. I stared into that window as
the small sliver of light slowly faded out over the course of ten
minutes until all that was remaining was the stairs leading into the
darkness. Oh this isn’t where Mr. Childers’ is, I thought to myself as I
turned back and walked out of the hallway. Then I woke up.

I will admit, I shouldn’t have been shocked that I had another dream.
I’ve been spending so much time just thinking about all of this that I
guess it was inevitable that eventually it was gonna make its way back
into my dreams. The good news is that as soon as I woke up I went
straight to writing it down, which meant that it could be as accurate as
possible compared to when I wrote the first dreams.

There were definitely a few differences between this dream and the first
dream of the hallway I had. Firstly, this dream took place at night. The
original dream took place in the middle of the school day. Secondly, I
didn’t see anyone in this dream. In the original, I remember walking
past a few people, I can’t really remember who they were but I did see
them. In this one, I could only hear them in the classrooms, but outside
of that the school was just completely dark. And lastly, the light. In
the original dream, I can vividly remember that the upstairs was nothing
but just darkness. In this one, I could see the smallest sliver of light
like when you see a light shining through the side of a door. 

Something I’m really not sure about is why dream-me doesn’t just go
upstairs. It’s like I don’t even try to open the door, I just look into
the window, and then leave like nothing was there. Honestly, those
stairs are what I think about more than the actual hallway, which is
weird in its own right. I could swear that I saw the spot where the
hallway would be, but all that was there was just a wall. Maybe it’s
behind the wall? It’s possible, but I feel like my aunt would have
remembered that. After all, she’s been there longer than I have, and
I’ve been there my entire life.

Even thinking about it all now, I feel like it’s making me sick. But
that dream did actually give me an idea.

What if… I visit the school at night? Would it be creepy? Sure,
absolutely, but I feel like just because I’m going there at night on
purpose this time, it’ll keep me from being as afraid of it. I can
definitely find a way in, I’ve done it before. The latches on those
windows are just thin pieces of plastic. If you just push up and give it
a slight bump then the latch bends just enough to not break but still
get past the lock, allowing you to climb in through the window. Yeah,
you know what, screw it. That’s what I’m gonna do. I’m not sure if I’ll
do it tonight (it is currently quite late where I’m at. I just woke up)
or maybe tomorrow night but I’ll for sure do it. It’ll probably be safer
to do it tomorrow night. 

I’ll update you all when I get it done. Goodnight, everyone.
