I’ve been down here for what feels like years. Night and day bleed
together ceaselessly; the seasons shift sans respite. I can’t sleep; I
can’t even close my non-existent eyes. My spirit simply lays here,
forlornly gazing at a room that has forgotten me. It’s Annie’s now.

Mary’s dreams really came true. She moved in without issue, gave birth
to a miraculous healthy child, and started the family she always wanted.
I watch as Annie grows from the delicate, helpless baby I always feared
to a sweet little girl brimming with energy and personality.

I don’t know how old she is now; maybe seven. Like I said, time is hazy.
I’ve tried my best to lull myself into some sort of self-induced
oblivion where thought ceases to curse me with existence, but I can’t.
As much as I want to let go of the child I so odiously abandoned, I
won’t do it again. Especially not while the Body is still around.

It visits me sometimes. Taunts me. It sits in front of the bed, blankly
peering down at me. It doesn’t speak, in fact I can’t hear its voice at
all, but I can see how Mary and Annie react to it. How it’s ruining
their lives.

For the first few years, it was able to mask its inhumanity pretty well,
but now, the skin is decaying and Mary sees it; she can’t ignore it any
longer. She doesn’t know the truth, but she knows it’s all been a lie.
The father of her child doesn’t love them, and he’s not the person she
fell in love with either. He’s not a person at all. He disgusts her.

The Body simply can’t contain the Presence’s abhorrent essence any
longer. It has seeped into the air, withering the house down to its
foundation. Mary barely leaves her room anymore, subsisting off of
pantry food that Annie brings her. All things considered, the girl has
fared far better. I don’t know if she’s naturally more resilient or just
acts like it to comfort her mom, but this vitality hasn’t gone unnoticed
by the Body.

It watches her sleep at night. Sometimes for a few minutes through a
cracked doorway; sometimes for a few hours in the corner. The thought
haunts me to no end; that once the Presence is bored of raping my body,
they will move on to Annie.

What is their goal in all of this? What’s their fucking infatuation with
me and my loved ones? I can’t tell if they’re in love with me or want to
ruin my life or both. Do they even have a plan?

Maybe they don’t know anything. Maybe they’re just a mindless
manifestation of self-indulgence and suffering. All I know is that the
suffering ends here. I’m not letting another Adrianna get away.

I have an idea on how to do it, but it’s troubling, to say the least.
I’ve recently learned that Annie is spiritually attuned like me. I’ve
been able to enter her dreams on occasion and even wake her up. The
space where I lie clearly allows for metaphysical interaction.

If I can convince her to crawl down here, I suspect I’d be able to
possess her body and find a way to kill mine, leaving her soul here in
my place for the time being. After the deed is done, I’ll simply crawl
back under the bed, reuniting her body and spirit, and she and Mary will
finally be free from the both of us.

I’ve accepted my death, given that my soul will no longer have a vessel
tethering me here, but at least the Presence will die with me. I know
this plan is insane, but I can’t put it off any longer. Time is running
out, I can feel it. There’s no way I could convince Annie to kill the
Body for me; she’s just too young to understand. It needs to be me, I
know how to do it.

She doesn’t deserve to be used like this, to suffer for my sins, but
it’ll only be for a few minutes; just enough time to make sure the
Presence is dead. In the grand scheme of things, her distress will be
worth it for her and her mom. I don’t know what the fallout will be
like; there’s no point in ruminating since I won’t be around to see it,
but given the fear and loathing Mary clearly has for the Body, I at
least know she won’t be sad at its demise.

She’ll have to pick up where I left off and figure out how to dispose of
its remains, but with that soul-sucking wraith gone, I’m sure she’ll be
back to her old self. She’s smart. Smarter than me. Funnier too. Kinder.
More compassionate. More loyal. A better person in every way.

I can’t believe I’m talking like this; it’s taken me seven years to
realize what a piece of shit I am. Seven fucking years bound to a
stature rising no higher than people’s feet to finally accept that I’m
above no one.

I was never worthy of this so-called power or the fortune it brought me.
I belong down here. But they don’t. They deserve happiness. They deserve
peace. Tonight, I will give it to them.

“Anniee. Wake up, my love”

She rolls over, groaning softly

“Hmmm?”

“It’s me, Annie. Can you wake up for me?”

She yawns, murmuring into her blankets

“Daddy? I’m so tired… Where are you?”

“I’m down here, sweetie. I wanna talk to you for a sec”

I can hear her slowly sit up and peer over the edge of the bed

“Why are you under there?”

“I was playing hide and seek with Mommy and I got stuck”

“At nighttime?”

“Uh yeah”

“But Mom doesn’t talk to you anymore”

“Of course she does… just not when you’re around… we love each other
very much, and I love you even more, baby”

“Why are you talking like that? You sound weird…”

“I’m just kinda scared because I’ve been stuck down here a while. I
think my shirt’s tangled in the frame or something. Can you help me get
unstuck?”

“Uhh I don’t know. I’ll get Mom, maybe she can help”

She swings her little legs over the edge. If she sees the Body sleeping
on the couch, she’ll know I’m someone else

“No, no! She’s too tired from playing. That’s why she’s tired all the
time, actually”

“I thought Mom was sick”

“I guess she’s a little sick, but don’t worry, she’ll be feeling better
very soon”

“I’m not sick though… Why don’t you play with me? No one plays with me
at all anymore”

“I’m sorry, baby… I know things have been weird for a while. But I’ll
make it all better soon. If you help me get untangled, I’ll make sure we
all play together tomorrow just like we used to. I promise”

“Ok”

With that, she drops down to her knees and stares through the prison
gate

“Where are you? I don’t see you”

“It’s really dark so it’s hard to see, but don’t worry, you don’t need a
flashlight. Just crawl closer, I’m right here”

She obediently lays on her stomach and feels around with both hands. Her
fingers almost graze my invisible face

“That’s it, you almost touched me. Just reach a little farther, baby”

She wriggles forward and reaches out again. This time, she makes
contact. That’s all I need. She’s mine. The first thing I feel is a
blink of my eyes. My God, I haven’t blinked in years. The bedroom is
nearly pitch black, but I know my position has changed. I’m staring at
the abyss that bound me for my daughter’s lifetime.

I can hear her crying in there. She’s confused and scared. I’ll comfort
her best I can, but I need to use this time wisely. Who knows if the
Body’s on its way for Annie’s nightly visit. I have one shot at this. I
hurriedly scrabble backwards from under the bed, but I remain knelt
before it

“Don’t cry, Annie, it’s ok”

It’s so weird to hear her voice come out of my, well, I guess her mouth.
Like a disobedient echo, her voice returns from the void

“W-where am I? I can’t move!”

“It’ll be alright. It’s just a scary dream; you’ll wake up in a few
minutes”

The crying only worsens

“Who are you? Where’s Dad?”

I don’t know what to say

“Daad! … Daddy, help me!”

I can’t stand listening to this. I need to go

“I’ll come back for you, I-I promise”

“Please! Don’t leave me!”

Without another word, I get to my feet and find the door. It softly
creaks open and I tiptoe outside. Brushing silky curls out of my eyes, I
peek around the corner. The house is dark, but the hall is illuminated
in living room TV-glow. I travel down far enough to confirm that my
loathsome form is reposed on the couch before heading back towards the
kitchen.

I silently slide a chair next to the cutlery drawer, using it as a stool
to inspect my weapon choices. There’s a few dull steak knives, a meat
thermometer, a two-pronged metal fork, and a pair of long, thin
scissors.

I doubt I’ll have enough strength or coordination to stab the Body
repeatedly; I’ll have to make the first shot count. The scissors call
out to me most, so I stash them in one of my pj pockets and shut the
drawer. As I sneak back down the hall, I pass my parents’ bedroom.
Mary’s room now. In this form, I guess it still does belong to a parent.

I gently lean my ear against the door; the chamber within is silent. I
just want to see her face one more time. I reach for the handle, but the
door is locked tight. What has it done to you, Mary? Why didn’t you and
Annie just run away? Why do you leave her out there with that thing
every night? Like she’s bait to keep the Body entertained and off your
back.

No, the Mary I knew would never do that. The Presence has clearly broken
her, both mind and spirit. Whether or not the Body was physically
instrumental in this is up to my imagination, which I can’t bring myself
to think about.

I’m sorry, Mary, I’m so fucking sorry. I would never do any of this to
you, you gotta believe me. But this isn’t about me, I need to finish my
mission. I wipe away my tears and continue down the hall.

The Body slowly comes back into view. Light from the TV paints its oily
naked flesh. On the screen is a home video of Annie playing in the bath.
There’s no volume. One of the floorboards creaks under foot; my breath
catches sharply. Its eyes are open. It’s looking right at me. So much
for the element of surprise. The Body’s blank stare doesn’t waver,
striking a whole new level of terror within me. I don’t even recognize
its face as my own anymore.

When the Body would visit me under the bed, I always read it as a
behavior motivated by malice or mere curiosity, like a fucked up
experiment or source of entertainment, but the look it’s giving me now
is very different. It’s hungry. I can feel its desire for me, something
I can only pray Annie never picked up on.

It leans forward slightly, wordlessly beckoning me closer with one hand,
lazily stroking its putrescent skin with the other. What choice do I
have? I tentatively walk forward and ascend the couch, meekly snuggling
up against the Body’s sallow chest, using every fiber of my being not to
shake or wretch.

The Body gently strokes my hair and begins to snake its arm around me.
My hand clenches around the scissors in my pocket. I need to act now

“Daddy, wait…”

The arm pauses ever so slightly

“I need to show you something. It’s really special”

Without a word, the arm relaxes, allowing me to sit up. I push myself
back, my free hand gliding up to the Body’s repulsive face.

“Close your eyes”

It silently obeys, ensorcelled by the precocious charm of a fucking
seven year old girl. The creature is as stupid as it is vile. In an
instant, I withdraw the scissors and plunge them deep into the Body’s
eye, forcing them through the orbital socket and into the brain.

In successive punctuated motions, I snap the blades open and closed, as
wide as they can go, violently twisting them back and forth with both
hands, severing as much internal vasculature and brain matter as
possible. Blood and aqueous humor flow down its face, spurting out its
tear ducts into mine.

The other eye has snapped open, but unlike the crayfish from decades
prior, the Body doesn’t show pain. It doesn’t scream, it doesn’t even
fight back. It shakily strokes my cheek one last time and lays back in
defeat, softly convulsing in a silent death rattle.

Maybe it knew all along that I wasn’t Annie. Maybe it didn’t care and
just wanted to die. I can’t believe how easy this was; I should’ve done
this years ago. I slide to my knees and catch my breath, surveying the
Body’s chest for similar movement. Nothing.

Just to be safe, I destroy its other eye and the remaining cerebrum
behind it. Never again shall another hapless soul behold its ungodly
gaze. If I was stronger, I would cut the head clean off, but my little
hands are already a quivering mess. I need to get back to Annie.

I wash my hands and face in the kitchen sink and return the cleaned
scissors back into the drawer. I’m so tired all of a sudden; the
adrenaline must finally be wearing off. I shuffle back to my bedroom,
mentally preparing for my impending annihilation.

As I kneel before the bed, I pause. I expected to come back to more
heartbreaking whimpers, but she’s quiet now. She’s more stoic than I
gave her credit for

“I’m back, Annie. You’re safe now”

She doesn’t understand, but she will. Mary will help her. They’ll leave
together and start over, free from this nightmare, living the dream they
were promised. I wish I could go with them. I wish I could see it for
myself.

But that’s not part of the deal. Two souls for two souls. Me and the
Presence for Mary and Annie. Can’t be changed now; I need to fulfill my
end

“I’m gonna crawl down there with you, ok? Once I’m in, you’ll be able to
crawl out. Be quick about it, then get Mom. Don’t go into the living
room. This scary dream is almost over, I promise… I love you”

 Without waiting for a response, I lay flat on my stomach. Taking my
last breath, I begin my descent. Blindly dragging myself forward,
flinching at every inch covered.

What will happen when I make contact? Will I cease to exist without even
knowing? Or will I fade away slowly, the membrane around my soul
dissolving, scattering my thoughts and memories across the existential
plane towards what lies beyond. I wonder if- THUD.

I hit my head on something hard. Clutching my aching scalp with one
hand, I grope around with the other, trying to make out what I collided
with. The back wall. Where’s Annie? I would’ve crawled right through her
to get here.

“Annie?”

Nothing

“Annie!!”

I spread my arms wide in a panic, wriggling around the entire perimeter
in a desperate attempt to make contact. Where is she?! Where the fuck
did she go?! She was supposed to be paralyzed, just like me; she said so
herself. She couldn’t have just disappeared. …Or could she?

I don’t have any fucking idea, do I? Why was I so certain about any of
this? Why did I ever think I knew how this shit works? It’s not some
math equation you can reverse engineer, it’s fucking magic.

I’ve never been more stupid in my life. And now Annie’s gone. In her
last moments, she was scared and alone, forced to watch her own body
abandon her in the dark. I know first-hand how terrifying that feels.
And I’m the one that did it to her. Thinking I was so smart and brave,
that her violation was worth it, that it was for her own good, that I
was the one making the bigger sacrifice.

But I’m still here, trapped in the body I so virtuously stole, while my
daughter’s sinless soul is God knows where. All I can do is lay my face
on the floor and cry; the rivers from my eyes a pitiful reflection of
the bottomless woeful sea that swallows my spirit. I can’t take this any
longer; I need it to end. Just let me die here.

Though with my luck, death wouldn’t be any better. I’d probably just
wake back up, trapped on this plane forever, bound to the earth as a
parasitic worm like the Presence. But Annie wasn’t. She was taken
somewhere else. Maybe I could end up there too.

I don’t know anything about anything, completely out of my depth; I can
see that now, but I swear on all that is holy that if there’s even the
slightest chance I can find her, I’ll spend the rest of eternity
searching. What do I have to lose at this point?

…Mary…

She hadn’t even crossed my mind. What the fuck am I going to do? I can’t
just stay here and pretend to be Annie forever; she’ll figure out I’m
not her. Much less could I live with myself puppeting the corpse of the
girl I killed. So what then? Kill her body too? That wouldn’t help Mary
either.

But suppose she doesn’t have to know Annie’s dead. That could work. I
could do it away from home somewhere. The house isn’t far from the
ocean; if I paddle out far enough, her little body might never be found.
She’ll think Annie just ran away. Is that any better? Will the hope that
she’s still out there somewhere do anything to assuage Mary’s grief and
guilt?

It does for me. It’s the only thing right now keeping me from completely
losing my sanity. If I can’t save her in life, I will try after death.
It’s a shame her body has to be destroyed, but there’s no other way.
However shortsighted or impulsive it may be, it’s the only path forward.

I shouldn’t have been the one in charge. I’m only captain because I
coerced and manipulated the rest of the crew below deck; it’s just
something I do, but right now, all that matters is that the ship’s
sinking and I’m the only one at the wheel.

No point in fighting, it’s too late to stop me. I can feel the trail
getting colder; I need to act quick. I can figure out logistics later.
Right now, I need to say goodbye.

I stand before Mary’s door, formulating the right words to let me in.
Should I just act like I had a bad dream or something? The tears haven’t
dried from my face yet; shouldn’t be too hard to fake. Hopefully she’ll
hear me. Mary’s always been a heavy sleeper.

I didn’t sleepwalk much when we were together, but when I did, she
thankfully never noticed. She got far more sleep than me in general. I’d
normally be awake hours before her, but sometimes, I’d pretend to be
asleep, waiting for her to ‘wake up first’. She’d kiss me on the
forehead and tip-toe out of the bedroom, sneaking away to fix us
breakfast as silently as she could. I’d groggily shuffle out to meet her
when it sounded like she was wrapping up and she’d have the biggest
smile when she saw me.

She always loved surprising me with little things like that. I never
surprised her with anything. This will be the first time. But she won’t
be smiling. She might never smile again. I can’t think about that.

I raise up my hand to knock, but the door glides open at my touch. When
did she unlock it? I push the door wide enough for entry and poke my
head inside. The room is black except for a bed standing at the room’s
center, blanketed in silver moonlight peaking through a cobwebbed
curtain and dusty window.

A frail figure lays under the covers in a bony fetal ball. Her face is
hidden by brittle, thinning hair. Every so often, a wheezing rasp softly
escapes her ragged throat; an incongruous sign of life. She’s barely
recognizable; it looks like she’s lost 30 pounds.

She was already small when we were together; she was so self-conscious
about it. Looking back, I never really told her she was beautiful
outside of when her ‘nonsense insecurities’ needed dismissing. Why
didn’t I tell her on my own? What else didn’t I tell her? How else did I
fail to do enough? There’s a lot.

She really deserved so much better. I guess it makes sense why it took
so long for her to realize the Body wasn’t me. At the end of the day,
the Presence and I share more qualities than I’d like to admit. We only
cared about ourselves, stealing our loved ones’ autonomy whenever we
pleased to serve our greater will. And I’m doing it again. I’ll never
change; I don’t have a choice in this either now.

Without a sound, I climb up the bed and gently crawl towards her. Her
breathing stops and so do I. A jaundiced eye blinks back at me through
the mess of hair. Recognition softens apprehension into concern. In a
thin faltering voice, she speaks

“A-Annie, is that you? How’d you get in here, baby?”

I wipe new unsummoned tears from my eyes, overcome with emotion I have
no need to fake

“I don’t know, the door was just unlocked. I-I had a bad dream”

With great effort, she opens her arms to me

“Oh, come here, sweetie. It’s ok”

Without hesitation I collapse into her embrace

“I’m sorry. I’m so so sorry”

She squeezes me tight and strokes my back, each exertion threatening
disintegration

“For what? Waking me? You know sleep isn’t real here”

My sniffling stops. I look up at her in confusion. She has a distant
glint in her eye, as if we both share a secret

“I’ve told you, sweetie. None of this is real. One day you’ll believe
me. You didn’t have a bad dream, this whole thing is a dream. Any day
now, the real Jack will wake me up and this will all fade away… even
you”

She pats my head absentmindedly and continues with a wistful air

“I’ll make sure to tell Annie how you kept me company, how you were the
only one that made this place bearable. I can’t wait for it to be over.
I can’t wait to see the real you again, the real Jack… the real me”

“Y-you will, Mom. You will”

We lay together in silence. I don’t know what else to say. She
eventually nudges my chin back up to her face. She’s smiling, but her
teary eyes match mine

“I know it doesn’t matter, but whatever, it makes me feel better to say
it. You know, when I tell you ‘I love you’? Even though you’re not
really here, it feels like you actually hear me somehow. And that just
makes me happy. I don’t know, I’m being silly”

I can barely hold it together, but my quivering lips form a brave smile

“No, no Mom you’re not. She knows. Annie hears you. And she wants you to
know that she… I…I love you so very much. I promise”

I tighten my grip around her and lay my head on her shoulder. She kisses
my cheek and feebly squeezes me one last time

“I love you too, Annie”

She’s gone asleep once more. I soon follow.

My mind is a numb, hollow void. The Presence no longer lurks in the
shadows, just my own tortuous soul. My eyes stare for miles, blindly
searching for a single iota of hope, for a different way out of this,
but only one enduring truth illuminates the murk.

Mary’s not going to get better. She’s too far gone already. There’s no
hope in escaping this misery on her own, and leaving her is out of the
question. … It would be an act of mercy to free her. In fact, there
would be nothing kinder.

Her skin is paper-thin; even those dull kitchen knives could easily
sever the vessels in her neck. It wouldn’t take more than a minute. I
doubt she’d even put up a fight, just blissfully diffuse into the
beyond, off to wherever Annie’s waiting for us. We could find her
together. We could be a true family on the other side. It’s so simple.
The whole time, this is what was meant to be.

Before I wake, I am shown one final vision. She doesn’t cry. She doesn’t
scream. She doesn’t even wake up. The act is quick and painless. There
is no desperate struggle, no fruitless mutilation, no immortal agony,
just acceptance.

She looks peaceful. Empty. Her soul is free, but it sits there with me,
waiting for me to follow. It only takes a moment to shed my corporeal
sheath, trickling out through Annie’s throat and flowing down her chest,
pooling and mixing with her mother’s blood. It didn’t hurt at all. We
rise into the sparkling sunlight and depart to the higher plane
together.

I don’t know what will happen next, I don’t know if we’ll ever find
Annie, I don’t know if any of this will come to pass at all; it might
just be a stupid dream, but no one knows better than me that some dreams
come true. All I can do is pray for one more to end the same.

 

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3
