“rare as ducks teeth”

It was a saying my grandmother used to use. Despite her being, well, set
in her ways, I miss her. As I stand above her, 6 feet of dirt between
us, I find it within myself to forgive her. forgive her for hating me,
degrading me and leaving me nothing behind when she left. My parents
passed away when I was young. I lived with my aunt and uncle in
Birmingham most of my life. They had no kids of their own, and took me
in instead. They were kind. accepted me for who I was, and who they
raised me to be. I’m 24 now, and I was planning to move out of their
house as soon as I could. I fear now that I’m too defenseless to live
alone. Too fearful. I freeze like a deer in headlights when threatened. 

It started when I took a walk down by the canal one morning. grey,
overcast clouds looming above me, a slight cool breeze ruffling my skirt
as I strolled. My favourite weather, not too hot, not too cold and not
too bright. I had brought some stale bread with me from my aunt’s house
that morning, to give to the ducks. I stopped and turned to face the
canal, looking into the water at my reflection. I tried not to pay
attention to it while I broke parts off the hard, dry crust of the loaf
of bread, crumbs scattering the ground as I did. Pigeons flocked over to
nibble them at my feet, their wings making the slight breeze a tad
stronger as they rushed over. I liked pigeons. Everyone calls them the
rats of the sky, but I think they’re beautiful. the ducks swam over, the
barely audible sloshing of the water as they paddled toward me breaking
the otherwise silent morning. It was soothing.

 I know you’re not supposed to feed bread to ducks, it swells up in
their stomachs and can choke them. But I made sure to break the pieces
small enough to at least attempt to avoid it, and to leave more crumbs
for the pigeons to eat. i get so focused on the ducks sometimes that I
forget the pigeons are even there. Every now and then, a soft, rhythmic
coo reminds me of their existence. Sometimes I’d see a male pigeon puff
its chest out, in a grand display of green and purple tinted feathers,
and hoot loudly in an attempt to allure potential mates. I thought it
looked funny, but apparently to birds they see it as attractive. I
suppose I feel that way about other people too. guys with toned muscle,
a lot of money and expensive clothes never appealed to me. I thought how
hard they tried was funny. I am a pigeon, I thought to myself.

I found the ducks funny as well. I’m not entirely sure what their purge
was funny. I value that most in people, not if they’re attractive or
rich, or even if they’re a nice person for that matter. I like comedy.
It’s distracting. Being with him took me out of my own mind for a while,
but I wasn’t sure if I liked him the same way he liked me. I didn’t mind
though, I find it hard to decipher my own feelings. So hard in fact, I’d
rather just convince myself I did like him in that way, so I wouldn’t
overcomplicate things. 

pose is. They don’t seem to perpetuate a life cycle of another animal or
plant, nor do they catch bugs like spiders, or pollinate flowers like
bees. They simply exist, floating aimlessly. I am a duck, I thought to
myself.

I had a date later that day, at a coffee shop with a guy I met at work. 

my phone rings. a sudden gust of wind and soft sound of flapping wings
and rhythmic hoots erupted from the pigeons as they scattered. 

flight. I was jealous. 

I pulled my phone out of my pocket and looked at it. There was a number,
not a name. I answered. 

“Hey, I’m just wondering if we’re still on for later, yeah?”

“oh, of course! i cant wait to-”

“okay awesome, sorry to make this so short but i gotta run, goodbye”

strange. I thought I had mikey saved to my contacts, but the number
began with 0121. it was from my area at least. I have an old phone, it
served me for 4 years and i dont see much point in replacing it. its a
tad slow, so I figured it must just be a glitch, and shrugged it off.

I look back to the water. The ducks are gone, and it seems a swan has
taken their place. eaten all their food. It raised its head to the bank
of the canal, its beautifully terrifying frame of pearl white feathers
shimmering in the reflection of the water. It stared me down with
charcoal black eyes and a bright orange beak, looking for more food.
food i didnt have. it snapped at my feet as I stood back. fight. I was
jealous. 

I turned on my heel and kept walking along the canal, making sure to
leave ample distance from the water this time. The swan followed me,
drifting slowly down the water. The sound it made was near silent, just
like the ducks. It was strange to me how something of that size was just
as loud as something the size of a duck. Now that I think about it, what
do swans do? They float aimlessly, and harass people for food. Like mean
ducks. I’d like to think I’m a duck, not a swan, I thought to myself.
But how can I truly know? I am biased. 

Eventually I made it home and began getting ready for the date. I did my
makeup, put on a casual black skirt and cardigan, with my black leather
boots and tights on underneath. You’ll never guess my favourite colour.
I put my eyeliner and black lipstick on too, and painted my nails black
also. I liked black. the absence of colour. it was easy to look at,
there isn’t a lot going on with black. It’s comforting to me. 

I set out to the coffee shop at 1:15 hoping to get there at the
designated time of 1:30. I knew the walk was exactly 15 minutes if I
walked at my usual pace, but I walked a tad quicker this time in case he
was early. When I arrived, he was already sitting at a table outside. I
sat with him and we talked, then got coffee and walked back along the
canal. The conversation was mostly him talking to me about his hobbies
while I listened, but he didn’t seem to mind.

“Hunting,”

he said

“Is a sport many people consider cruel. I just consider it life. If it
wasn’t me, the animal would’ve been killed by a predator. and that
predator by another and so on. There are so many animals in the forests
around here. But you wouldn’t see them just by walking. They’re fast.
Survival instincts I suppose.”

I like to think of myself as an intelligent person, but when it comes to
articulating my thoughts into words, I struggle immensely. It’s as if my
mouth moves faster than I can think of what to say, and I trip up on my
words. I suppose that’s partly why I’m writing this. One, to share the
insane story and warn people about it, and that it’s easier to show this
to a therapist than have to say it all out loud. I doubt I could get
through it without crying and having to stop anyway. 

I didn’t have many friends growing up, and the few that I did all ended
up leaving me behind the second they got the chance to anyways. I was
bullied so hard I almost dropped out of school. They’d call me a freak,
a monster, I was an outcast. I couldn’t do things other students could,
because if I did it it was a reason to pick on me. The way I was treated
led me to develop extreme social anxiety, and an eating disorder. So I
suppose that’s why I gave him a second date immediately after the first.
I longed for connection, no matter what kind. The day of the second date
rolled around, and as I was getting ready to leave my phone rang again. 

“Hey, I am so sorry about this, but my car just won’t start, we can go
bowling another time though right?”

I’ve always hated the fact that I’m quite an impulsive person. I speak
and act without thinking and almost always regret it. I left my house
only to feed the ducks and the pigeons, and though the company I found
with them was comforting, it wasn’t enough. I longed for connection no
matter what kind.

“i can come over.”

And so I did. second date. at his house. i didnt know any better. 

I strolled over to his house, trying to tell myself I made the right
decision. Trying to build up the confidence to even knock on his door. I
take “confidence shots” before I leave the house sometimes when I know
I’m going to be talking to people. The alcohol loosens my stiff
personality just enough to be able to hold a conversation. I haven’t
told my therapist about this. Part of me feels guilty, like I don’t want
to get better. I don’t know what I want. Peace, I suppose.

As my hand rapped against the wooden door, I regretted it immediately.
“should i have brought a gift?” “Am I too early?” “what do i say when-”
he opens the door.

I managed to force out a muffled greeting, but when I looked up from my
feet to meet his eyes, all my anxiousness faded in an instant. The
hallway light illuminating his long, curly brown hair, his perfect teeth
beaming through his lips as he smiled. He was dressed in dark, navy
jeans and a white collared shirt, with one of those sleeveless sweaters
over it. He looked tidy. 

As we went inside, I was hit with the pungent smell of garlic, meat, and
red wine. I was immediately thrown back into panic. This was a lot more
sophisticated than I expected it to be. But still, his voice, the
cadence of his words, brought me back to a state of comfort. 

He gave me a tour of his house. Large taxidermied heads of moose, deer
and other large animals adorned the walls, and his shelves were full of
foxes, rabbits and hares. 

“some people call it strange”

he explained

“but taxidermy is an art form. It takes years of practice and skill to
replicate not only the form of the animal, but its essence too. Every
stitch is made with purpose, and I make sure to document the animal as
much as I can before stuffing, so as not to misrepresent how it would’ve
stood. Maybe after dinner i’ll show you my crown jewel, the biggest
animal I have.”

The food was amazing, masterfully cooked. I began to think what I had
done to deserve such a seemingly perfect man to enter my life so
suddenly. It must’ve been karma, coming back to repay me after my years
of misfortune. But when he took a little too long after the second pour
when refilling our glasses of wine in the kitchen, I began to sense
something was off.

I was halfway through the second glass when I noticed my vision began to
stutter. Slight afterimages of my hand appeared as I moved it. I thought
I must’ve been drunk, that I took one too many “confidence shots” before
coming here. Then my mind wandered, could he smell the shots off of me?
what would he think if he found out. I had nearly fully tuned out his
talking and only realised once he stopped. I looked back up to
apologise, but couldn’t get the words out. It was like I was watching my
body shut down through a window. I was aware, I was awake, I could feel,
but I couldn’t move. As I felt my eyelids getting heavier, I glanced at
him one more time, expecting him to be concerned, only to see a smile
spread across his face.

When I woke up, I was sitting on a chair in near complete darkness. The
air was heavy with moisture, and it was hard to breathe. Sweat had been
building up on my forehead for some time, and was streaming down my
face. When I looked down, I was naked from the waist down, with a large
cloth covering between my legs. There were towels covering the ground
beneath the cloth, and an empty bucket placed on top of them. I tried to
scream and flail my arms, but shackles bound me to my place. My heart
was beating so fast I was out of breath and couldn’t force a word out of
my mouth. 

A door opened and closed somewhere far in front of me. Footsteps echoed
through the darkness. His shiny, brown leather boots were the first
thing to be illuminated by the pathetic amount of light behind me. His
tall, strong figure slowly revealed itself to me as he got uncomfortably
close and leaned down. That same smile seemed ever less perfect from
this close. 

“I’m an artist, you know.”

His hot, rancid breath assaulted my face as he spoke, my mind
desperately trying to come up with another implication for what those
words meant as I squirmed in the chair.

“My masterpiece, my Mona Lisa… She’s not finished. She needs something
to make her… pop. Something different. That’s where you come in.”

He leaned closer, so his mouth was almost touching my ear, as his hands
gripped my forearms so hard they began to bruise.

“Youre unique. You’re like no other. You’ve got my ducks teeth.”

He stepped back and giggled at me when he saw I was crying. He turned on
his heel and began to walk out of the room, back up the stairs. The door
opened and closed again, but the room didn’t fall to silence like I
expected. There was a sound that was there long before it registered its
presence. Loud, laboured heavy breathing, coming from a few feet behind
me.

As the door shut with a loud click that echoed through the darkness, I
began frantically trying to undo the belts that shackled me to the
chair. I managed to slip my right hand free, dislocating my thumb in the
process. I was so pumped full of adrenaline that I didn’t feel it. I
undid my left arm, stood up and spun around. There was a white shower
curtain, with what looked like a heating lamp on the ceiling behind it.
The silhouette of a writhing mass adorned the center of the thin
curtain, jittering and pulsing, rising and falling with each loud,
laboured breath it took. I stifled puke back into my stomach, and began
to make a run for where I thought the stairs that led to the door were.

It took a minute of feeling the walls to find it, but when I did I
stumbled up the stairs on all fours, and slammed through the door, into
his hallway. I turned right and ran for the front door, but as I opened
it, I heard a shout from behind me. A deep, loud, guttural noise came
from the man’s mouth,  it made me stop in my tracks. I was frozen.
Shaking. Waiting for my death after getting so close to freedom. I felt
his thick, muscled arms wrap around my neck as he wrestled me against
the wall, he put his hands on my neck and began to squeeze. I still
didn’t fight back. I couldn’t. Something in my body stopped me from
moving.

As the world around me began to fade, and I accepted death’s embrace, I
was suddenly allowed a gasp of air. I fell to the ground and looked to
my left, someone had run in and had tackled the man to the ground. When
he grabbed me, he didn’t shut his front door. Someone who had been
walking by must’ve seen him. I didn’t even react. I was trying to
process everything that had happened. It was like everything moved in
slow motion. I passed out.

When I came to, I was in a hospital bed, some hours later. They asked me
questions, questions I could not answer. They sent me to therapy, to
which I am still attending. That’s why I write. Verbalising this is a
task I cannot bear. I’ve been alone for some time, and haven’t even left
my house to go to work. I long for connection, though I can not bear it.
I long for love which I can not stand. The smell of that room, the sight
of that man, laughing as I cried. They haunt me still. And they forever
will.
