I don’t just wake up; I come to. I am as I am today—a forty-year-old
man—but I find myself standing in my childhood bedroom. The window
offers the only source of light, slivers of moonlight cascading through
open curtains to reveal the old green shag carpet. Above me hangs a bare
bulb with a pull chain. I instinctively reach for it before remembering
I ripped the chain out in a fit of anger one summer. The light doesn’t
turn on, but I stare up at it anyway.

Stepping out of the room, I enter the shortened “T” of the hallway. It’s
illuminated faintly by a streetlamp outside the stairwell window. I look
down to the right toward my mother’s room, but I can’t see anything. In
fact, it’s completely dark; the space where her door and the hall closet
should be is swallowed in pitch black. I can’t remember the last time
she ever slept there.

Ignoring my sister’s room entirely, I make my way toward the stairs. I
tiptoe down into the foyer. I’m not sure why, but I do. At the bottom, I
recognize our front door. Even the old storm door is still there—the one
that had to be replaced after a gang busted it in when I was sixteen.
The inner wood door held them back, and I’m briefly reminded of my
badass mom threatening to chop off their manhoods if they came through.

I walk into the living room. The TV is on, but it’s not playing a movie
or the bouncing DVD logo I remember. It’s a broken, roaring static—just
like Poltergeist. On the coffee table, a half-lit cigarette still smokes
in a plastic ashtray, surrounded by stacks of DVDs. My mom always loved
a good movie. In the corner, the Christmas tree is still standing. But
it’s February, isn’t it? Why hasn’t she taken it down?

A low rumble begins to vibrate through the floorboards. I slowly make my
way toward the rear of the house, passing through the cluttered dining
room. The table is exactly as it always was, piled high with papers and
books. Between the windows sit the birdcages for the parrots my mom used
to have. They’re empty. I sneak over, half-hoping to see a familiar face
like Rosalita or Cricket, but there is nothing.

With each passing step, the eerie, unsettling feeling grows into a heavy
dread. As I inch closer to the kitchen threshold, I can hear the shower
running. Along with the sound of the water, I notice a brilliant red
light emitting from beneath the bathroom and basement doors. It’s so
intense I have to raise my hand to shield my eyes.

Then comes the unmistakable, deafening crack of lightning, and the red
light instantly vanishes, plunging the space into darkness. Suddenly,
the low rumble explodes into the roaring sound of an incoming train. The
floorboards flutter. Half-filled coffee cups on the counter vibrate
excessively until they rattle off the edge and shatter on the linoleum.

Before I can even process the fear, the basement door shatters, blown
violently open.

And the darkness exits.

It’s so thick it feels fuzzy, consuming the house bit by bit as it
surges forward. I immediately claw at myself to run, but my legs only
let me backpedal. I scream for her. “Mom. Mom. MOM!” Each word grows
louder until I’m tearing my throat at the top of my lungs.

And then, my wife is shaking me awake.

She tells me I was screaming in my sleep, asking if I’m okay. I lie and
say yes. But as I lie there in the dark, my thoughts remain trapped in
that house. I think back to the nightmare and the heavy, sinking
realization that hit me as I screamed: my mom wasn’t there. She was
gone, she wasn’t coming back, and there was no one left to save me from
the darkness but myself.
