I do not think they will come for me. I do not think they are still out
there. And if they are and they come for me, I do not care. I am old, I
lived a lifetime, most of it marked by them. Now, my cirrhosis is far
too advanced to have any real chance of escaping. They may come and
finish me off, I shall be dead soon anyway. This is why I return home,
to Bucharest, the capital of Romania, from my cozy home in Oxford. My
children are away, in Australia, they would probably not come to visit,
regardless if  I live in the UK or Romania. They have not replied to my
messages. So, let’s go down with it. It started a long time ago, in the
1950s.

My mother always told me to keep the rules. I was not sure if she meant
it, as I was very small at kindergarten age and I needed to go to bed
early. I remember those nights, when I heard cracks next to my window. I
hid under the blanket, thinking of some ghost, Strigoi or Elf being
there, if I did not sleep or behave. Yes, I think she wanted to scare me
into behaving, but I think it was not just that. She told me other
things, not just to make me behave properly as a child, but things that
even adults have to keep, that can not be explained like that. They
sound like superstitions nowadays, but people believed in them back
then.

The Elves are the most beautiful beings on this Earth, I suppose. Angels
could be more fair than them? Perhaps, yet Angels are not from this
Earth. The Elves are from here, even if Humans do not see them, at least
most of the time nowdays. They are in fairy tales, where Humans long for
them, ask for their help, but they also fear them. Sometimes they are
Light Elves, sometimes they are Dark Elves. I am not sure if they are
different beings or the same Elves who behave sometimes in Light,
sometimes in Dark. Yet, even the most benevolent Elf has to be
respected, otherwise you could be harshly punished and the blessing
becomes a curse.

Humans are not supposed to see them, or not anymore, unless the Elves
want to be seen. They have certain days, especially during the Pentecost
(Rusalii) or the Feast of the Birth of Saint John the Baptist (the
Sânziene), where they are supposed to be their days. Yet, I do not think
now that they care about the Christian Feasts, but rather they care of
the period, as the Birth of Saint John the Baptist is around the Summer
Solstice, and the Pentecost often comes at that time as well, and that
the Summer Solstice matters to them. I do not think they follow the
Christian ways at all.

I am old now. I was a child when I first heard of the Iele, the Brides,
the Ladies of the forest, of the night, tall, beautiful in white flowing
garments, dancing their magic dance that, if you end up seeing it, you
need to run or at least hide. If they see you, they kill you or harm
you, physically or mentally.  You may end up crippled, mute or insane.
Yet, some say that seeing them only for a small amount of time is worth
it. 

Does it? I think not. But if you happen to see them, you would probably
say at the moment it is. You forget your life, you would just want to
leave your it and the mortal world behind and be with them until you
die.

I knew of them since I was a toddler. I was born in the first years of
communism, I never experienced Romania before communism in itself, but
the old Romania was still alive, even if  it was sick or dying. As the
communists turned the country into a prison, as they suffocated the old
ways, no matter how brutal they were, they could not do it fast enough
to wipe it all out at once.

My parents were middle class people before communism. Educated people,
of old stock. Exactly the type the communist regime hated and declared
officially they need to be destroyed. I am grateful that, no matter how
harsh life was then, my parents were next to me, not dead, not in
prison, even if they lost their possessions and most of their homes, as
we were living in the attic of my father’s family mansion, the rest of
it being confiscated by the regime.

As the old Romania was dying, they wanted to make sure I remembered it.
So they made me experience as much from it as they could, not just
telling me about it. They took me to meet people, to talk to them, to
see what was still there. This is why they took me that evening to
listen to Cecilia Rădulescu singing her tunes at that restaurant.

She had her glory days in the 1930s, when people were fascinated by her.
A tall, redheaded woman, stunningly beautiful singing romantze, tango,
jazz and other fashionable genres, but also old folk music, especially
the haunting longing of the doina. Nobody sang like her, it was like, if
she would ever tried to sing ”drier”, in a normal way, she would not be
able to.

A record label tried to convince her to have released vinyl EPs or even
LPs, but she always declined. Now, it was rumored that the regime wanted
her arrested. This is why my parents took me to see her that night, as
every show could have been the last. 

I was ten years old already. I remember when I first saw her coming on
stage. She was supposed to be around age 55, yet nobody knew her real
age. She did not look that old. She did not look young, she was
stunningly beautiful in an ageless way, if it makes sense. She could
have been 25, 35, 45 or 55, she would have still been the same. Her
dress, her hair, her jewelry, her makeup was pretty toned down, but she
was still stunning nonetheless. She was with us, but also like she was
graciously floating above us.

But when she started singing those doinas, it was like a sweet cold
shiver down my spine. I had goosebumps on my arms and back. I understood
then why people said all those things about her, they were all true.
Such a vast and deep longing started in me I never believed possible.

I do not remember how long it took, an hour, two, three. I could get
enough and it all felt like only a few minutes. After it ended and
stepped out of the stage she went to the bar, for a small glass of
brandy. People still followed her, but like none ever dared to talk to
her, to look up to her. I think I was the only one who kept turning to
her, even if I was afraid of her noticing me. 

My mother discreetly scolded me for what I was doing. I think she knew
it. I could not stop turning to see Cecilia Rădulescu, even if something
in me felt a cold fear at a moment when I locked eyes with her and she
gave that smile. My mother pushed my head away when she noticed that I
looked at her.

We ate, drank, talked a bit more, ignoring her and what I was feeling,
something I am sure that at least my mother realized I  felt. Cecelia
stood up from the bar without me noticing, got dressed and prepared to
leave. On her way out, she passed next to our table, probably on purpose
and looked me in the eyes, before moving away and leaving.

We locked eyes for no more than five seconds, I suppose, but those
seconds would be enough to remain in my mind for a lifetime. She smiled,
a mixture of splendor delight and gentle and total condescending. This
was not a middle aged woman, her face seemed flawless and the small
flaws were still to be seen , they seemed fake, like some sort of mask.
And then, as my heart was beating fast I realized that she was probably
that. That she was one of them. I froze in place and, as I trembled of
what she could do to me, if she wanted, but also not wanting to end.

It was harsh when she left, but my mother tapped me on the shoulder,
distracting me. For the whole evening I could not stop thinking about
Cecilia Rădulescu, even my parents avoided talking about her. I did not
dared to ask what was on my mind while I was there, just later, when we
were home, before bed, I dared to ask my mother:

”When will we be back at the restaurant?” My mother smiled and said: ”I
do not know. Perhaps two weeks from now or later on. We have other
things to show you next week.” ”No, please, can we go next week there
too?” She chuckled softly and said: ”You want to see Cecilia Rădulescu,
I suppose.”

”No, I just… Well, yes, I want to hear her singing.” My mother looked in
my eyes, for about ten seconds, in silence. I finally asked:  ”Is she
one of the Iele? Is she one of the Elves?” My mother looked at me pale,
turned away then looked at me: ”Don”t be silly. Do you think the Iele
would go around like this, among Humans?” ”Well, you told me yourself
they have those magical masks that can make them invisible or appear
Human…”

She was clearly quite cornered,  but she brushed it off unconvincingly
with a smile: ”It is late, go to sleep, tomorrow we shall meet your
uncle and aunt at the church.”

The next day, after church, I spoke with my cousin Peter about Cecilia
Rădulescu. He was older than me, around 14, I think. He brushed it off:
”The Iele are mere fairy tales, ghost stories at best. Keep calm, that
woman is not an Elf. But, perhaps, you just found her beautiful,
something I could understand, soon enough you will stop being a child.
Do not let your mind be taken over by a beautiful woman, no matter how
beautiful she may feel to you.” I was expecting that type of answer from
him, it would have been very strange for him to take it otherwise.

I could not stop thinking about Cecilia Rădulescu for the next two
weeks. My parents did not take me to that restaurant again, even if I
asked for it on several occasions. That week, I went to the school
library and started to read a borrowed book on folklore for home. I
found some information on the Iele, some fascinating, but not much. When
I took it back, Mr. Dumitrescu, the old librarian, a former professor
who was removed from the University by the communist regime, asked me:
”Interesting book? I never saw you so eager to find out about those
things.” 

”Well”, I replied, ”I wanted to know on the Iele. I wish it had more on
them.” Mr. Dumitrescu gave me a bit of a cheeky look and said: ”Well,
fortunately for you, I know a thing or two about the Iele.” I rejoiced
and started to ask him. Time passed fast, I was late for a class, but I
did not care. He gave me a lot of information, perhaps too fast and too
much for my age and level of understanding but I remembered some things,
the most important is that there is a way to remove an Elf their magical
mask, to see them as they are, but that is very dangerous, probably
deadly and it was never sure to work anyway.

In time, my longing for the mysterious singer faded away in the
background, but never disappeared.  I think I would have lived just fine
with it, if something would not have happened next month.

While I was eating a sour cherry compot, while I stumbled upon a fruit
that still had the kernel, probably my mother forgot to remove it and I
felt that a piece of the enamel of my upper left molar left with a
pinch. I needed to get to the dentist to get it fixed and that was bad
news, as I was really afraid of dentists. For a few days I refused to go
to the old doctor that caused me some real pain the year before, he was
probably pretty incompetent.

Finally, my father told me he was recommended by a relative, a lady
doctor who was really good at handling children. He told me I would
probably feel very at ease with her and I was convinced to give it a
try.

The next evening, my father took me to the clinic where Dr. Andrada
Bărbulescu had her practice. He would not be able to pick me up , since
he needed to go for an errand, he called my cousin Peter to stay with me
until it all ended. I was still anxious about it all. My father knocked
at the door, and a crystalline  female voice answered, he entered and
started talking, while I still waited outside. He called us in.
Dr. Bărbulescu was a young, tall, natural blonde woman, with pale blue
eyes and child-like features who gave me a sweet smile.

I was so surprised that I forgot to greet her. My father apologized for
not greeting the doctor, I mumbled a greeting, she smiled and said it is
ok, that children are often afraid of the dentist, but that she will do
her best to make it as easy as possible. She was so beautiful, her face,
her body, her hands, I was amazed. Both excited and afraid, I stepped
into the chair. My father excused himself, and Peter sat down next to
the door.

She gently persuaded me to open my mouth, gradually negotiating the
procedures, never forcing me into it, she would go in and do something
only on my clear acceptance. Firstly, it was just an inspection, after I
told her how it happened. The moment her hands touched my mouth, I felt
something strong, chill and familiar. It was far better hidden now, but
unmistakable, especially since her hands were in my mouth, it was like
an electrical machine was plugged in at the source. I knew it for sure,
she was one of them.

My heart beat fast, a mixture of excitement and fear, not being able to
decide. She noticed my state, as she looked into my eyes and I think she
realized I sensed something, as her face twitched and became a bit more
blank, yet still gentle and child-like, as she said: ”Still afraid? No
real reason, the cavity is not deep, it is fortunate that you came now.
I can fill it fast and with little pain. I shall finish in no time. ”

The Elf doctor smiled and I gave a sigh. She chuckled at me, as she
turned her back on me to prepare the materials. Yes, she knew I felt
something, of course she could not recognize it. I could just ark her
directly, but it would have been dangerous, perhaps silly. I did not
know what would have happened, as the mixture of chill fear and
intoxication with her magical presence that was so sweet, even if she
kept it hidden made me breathe uneasy. She turned the light on, since
the sun had just set. Peter looked at her a bit intrigued, a bit uneasy.

She giggled a bit, still having her back on me: ”It will be done in no
time, just a little pinch and that is all. ” As she turned around. I was
still torn between excitement and anxiety. ”Ready when you are.” I
listened to her and laid my head back to allow her to operate. I thought
to myself that perhaps this is a good Elf, like those from fairy tales
(In Romanian, we have the expression ”Povești cu zâne”, that means, more
or less, fairy tales, but the literal translation would be ”Stories with
female Elves”), who uses her magic for good, who helps the hero and so
on. But then I remembered that even good Elves, if disrespected or if
you go upon them uninvited in those moments, can harm you or kill the
Human who does such things.

As she finished removing the damaged dentine and her fingers touched the
wound in the tooth, a delightful magical thing entered my body, not
strong, but very clear, and something clicked when it happened. When she
removed her hands from my mouth, smiling, to get the filling, she looked
into my eyes with that classy cheekiness and I knew I could not wait to
feel her touch again.

Her hands entered my mouth and finished the filling, as I realized that,
although I felt physical pain, it was like I did not, somehow. Her touch
was marvelous. She finished it and said smiling: ”I told you it shall be
fast and almost painless.” I raised my shoulders, as I did not know what
to say. I looked into her eyes, wanting to rejoice into something from
there. She felt it right away and gave a smile that was gentle and sharp
at the first time. I think she knew that I knew what she was. 

”I finished pretty fast, faster than he expected. Do not eat anything
for two hours now. It is not very late, I suppose you boys shall be
fine. I have another patient who I think has already arrived and I shall
treat her as soon as possible.”

I nodded and said: ”All right.”, almost saying ”Whatever”. No, I could
not make myself leave from her proximity, even if it was clear she
wanted us out soon. She turned her back to wash her hands at the sink,
as I rose from the chair. I needed to do something, I knew this was very
dangerous, my heart was beating fast and I was torn apart between fear
and the fact that I shall long for the presence of an Elf, of Elvishness
after this, drying my heart.

As she washed her hands she threw some materials into a thrash can, and
noticed something on the floor so she went down to pick it up, with
exquisite gracious movements, far more gracious than those of a
professional, experienced ballerina on stage. Then I remember what
Mr. Dumitrescu said about the ritual, it was fast and quite easy. I was
not sure it would work, but I needed to try it. In a split second I
decided to do it, so I leaped towards her head (I shall not share it,
all I can tell you is that it was ridiculously simple) and it was done.

As she turned around, I left the world of the mortals. Andrada
Bărbulescu, in a way, exploded. What was deep and faint came suddenly
visible. A huge substance of an ancient, deep and powerful magic
engulfed so much fast and strong, that I fell to the floor, but I felt
no pain. The Elf shone with a bright silver-blueish light that filled
the whole room. Her hair shone with its own golden light and, when she
turned to me, her eyes were like two burning blue stars that pierce me
with wrath to the floor. I instantly regretted my decision, as I started
to hyperventilate, as my heart was beating like wanting to explode. I
moved my arms and legs on the floor chaotically, and my mouth was moving
without being able to beg for my life. 

She stood up, removed her bonnet and let her hair flow like a cascade of
fluid gold. She also removed her medical coat, to allow the light to
flow brighter. It felt like millennia of ancient deep magic pierced me
like a bullet piercing a  piece of rotten wood. This magic was so
marvelous, impossible to put it into words,  as I was trespassing into
another world and another time, ancient and forbidden to mortals. And
this being was silently and overwhelmingly angry at me, like wanting to
crush me. Tears flowed from my eyes, as my teeth clenched. At this
moment, I did not know what would be worse: to kill or just to let me go
after I have been in her world, without ever stepping in it ever again.

The Elf stood tall, looking at me, then at Peter, who stood up with his
eyes bulged out and his mouth open. I stood for about a minute, as I
noticed on her forehead another light, like a star, that was not an eye,
but something different, something that seemed to be something I think
can only be described as high, like some sort of crown that was part of
the being who wore it. Then she spoke with a voice that was so
crystalline and sweet that it was intoxicating, even if it was filled by
that deep calm anger, yet sounding somewhat like ethereal singing: ”Now,
behold what you wanted to see, if you wanted it.” 

My mouth moved without being able to beg for my life. My face was soaked
in tears. She bent over me, as my mortal heart started to panic, then
grabbed me with a delicate, yet stronger than steel force in the air, as
my body was like under some sort of electric current that almost brought
me to ecstasy. My soul wanted to just stay in her grip until the world
ended.

She raised me from the ground, as my legs twitched desperately in the
air, so that my face was close to hers and our eyes locked. I
desperately needed to close my eyes, but I could not. She pierced
something in my soul like a giant sword breaking an old wooden door like
it was cheap, wet, cardboard. I could not resist my soul not being nude
in front of her. It felt like hours, but probably there was a minute at
most. I managed, I do not know how, to close my eyes and mumble:
”Forgive me…” and she put me down on the floor.  Peter at this point
managed to turn his back and open the door, but the Elf gave a sound I
can not describe, like a shout or hiss, and Peter was pushed inside by
Cecilia Rădulescu, who entered and locked the door, as she was,
probably, the patient or supposed patient mentioned before.

I dared to close my eyes after I felt that the light and radiance faded,
at least mostly, and I saw Dr. Andrada Bărbulescu with her mask back on,
in her fake Human form, a stunningly beautiful, yet Human woman, but
with the terrible calm anger in her eyes now, nothing of her previous
child-like benevolence from the beginning. She asked us with the
authority of an ancient powerful magical being in Human form:

”You seem to have known how to do it. How did you know?” ”Mr. Dumitrescu
told me… He told far more than I read in the library… The school
library…” I managed to mumble, even if my heart was still beating fast
and I was hyperventilating. She asked again, in the same tone: ”Who is
Mr. Dumitrescu?” ”The school librarian… He used to be a professor at the
University…” She became silent; as I let my head down.

I was a bit calmer now, as the room remained silent.. I turned my head
to look at Cecilia Rădulescu on the other side of  the room and I
started to shake again, as I met her gaze.

 

Cecilia’s eyes made me turn my head down to the floor again. Andrada
started to talk in a monotone, yet heavy voice with Cecilia in a melodic
language, that would have been really delightful in itself even if it
would have been spoken by the most un-magical Human, a language I could
not identify, yet that my heart ached to know.

Yes, Andrada was angry, yet soon Cecilia seemed so much more than her,
so angry that it made the deep anger of Andrada feel faint. Probably if
Cecilia removed her mask at that moment, I would have passed out if I
had heard her speaking with her real, Elven voice.  The way they spoke,
their tone, even with their fake Human voices felt un-Human-like, yet
still discernible to a degree. I realized that they argued in a very
composed manner, Cecilia was clearly far more angry and hasty into doing
something I could not know it was, but that I knew it was terrible.

I stopped crying, as I was too tired to cry anymore. My whole mind was a
train wreck at this point, I laid with my whole back on the cold floor,
as they stopped talking. I knew then that, even if I shall escape alive
or even unharmed in a physical way, I was damaged for life. This took
some time, probably a few minutes in real time, as they kept talking.
Cecilia was clearly determined to do something, Andrada was clearly more
composed. In the end, they stopped talking, after Andrada said something
pretty sharp, making Cecilia quiet.

Then she turned towards me and  said in a less angry, more composed,
almost gentle way, even if still stone cold: ”Stand up.” I obeyed, but
still avoided looking into their eyes. Andrada said: ”Look at me, both
of you. Now”. Peter was still held firmly by Cecilia and he was shaking.
I looked into Andrada”s eyes and, behold, the anger was far more
restrained. She said: ”You were foolish. You can not imagine how foolish
you were. I could kill you now, or do something to you that you can not
even imagine. However, I will give you one chance.

You shall speak to no one as long as I live of what you experienced
here. You shall not speak of our kind to no one, you shall not even
suggest that we exist. If you shall ever even suspect that someone is of
our kind, you shall mention it to no one and, as best as you could, you
shall not speak with that person, you shall not even look at them. If
you dare to do otherwise, you shall not receive another chance.
Understood?” I nodded my head. ”Now”, she continued, ”we shall put you
to sleep. Do your best not to scream, as not staying silent would cost
you a lot.” Then, she took her hand to her head and removed the mask.

The ancient radiance came back and I started to shake and, soon after,
Cecilia took her hand to head as well and removed her mask. Andrada
turned off the light bulb and left us under complete power of their
Light. The radiance became far stronger now and the feeling of stepping
out of the Human world and Human time almost completely blew my mind. My
knees felt soft when I saw the Elven eyes of Cecilia, that held a far
stronger and deeper anger than Andrada had. My teeth started to chuckle
again, as Cecilia made a step towards me, holding Peter from the back of
his head fiercely. Andrada discreetly touched her arm, making her stop
in her tracks.  They started some sort of howling song in that language
that felt like being an extension of their nature. I felt drowsy,
intoxicated, my mind could barely hold on, it was like a suffocating fog
came over me and my body twitched in terror.

And you know what made it so much worse? Seconds before I passed out (I
managed to stay silent all this time, I do not know how.), in time where
I was like suspended over a lake of terrible bliss from the Fairyland (I
do not know how else to call it, the name is quite bad, I know.), anger
became softer. Soft enough to feel in this something else, something
even deeper and stronger than anger, underneath it, a deep, unbelievable
deep sorrow. I started to weep, with different tears than the ones from
before. Andrada held a deep sorrowful warmth I could not stand, and then
all went dark.

I woke up on a hospital bed. I was startled when I woke up and it took
me a minute to realize what was going on. I was examined fast by a
doctor and it was soon decided I was physically ok. I was given some
pills that made me feel light headed and I was still forced to take them
for a month, until I became as close to the state I was before this as
possible.

Officially, both me and Peter passed out when a gush of blood came out
of my tooth cavity. We were ”girls”. Soon after, Cecilia Rădulescu and
Andrada Bărbulescu disappeared. Some people said they were taken over by
the Securitate, the Political Police, yet others said they disappeared
completely. At the same time, Mr. Dumitrescu was found dead, officially
of heart attack, in his house.

Yet, I felt ruined. And I was ruined. My soul was dry, aching, as I
could not go back to my old life. I became unfit for joy, for happiness
for a long time and, although this became easier in time, it never truly
went away. I should have been really grateful but to be alive,
physically unharmed, even mentally still pretty functional, but I was
not. I could not rejoice in this Human existence, once I tasted the
other side. But I knew that the land of bliss was lost for good. I often
sobbed and cried, as I could not speak with my parents, and they did not
ask, even if my mother probably realized something and never pushed me
into discussing. 

Peter was broken too. Before, he was quite a straightforward boy, he was
not scared easily and stubborn. He became a quite feeble man, as an
adult. He was still himself, but he was like he could not live as
himself anymore. He hated me for life for this and he was probably right
to do so. I think the only reason why he talked  to me from time to time
was because I was the only one whom he could still speak of what
happened that evening. 

I became obsessed with things like mythology, folk magic, and paranormal
sightings. Yes, I was still afraid of them, but I risked doing my
research. At first, I was quite paranoid, then I became more calm. Yes,
I wanted to get in touch with them one way or the other, the longing for
Elvishness became less acute, but more deep and the longing became
stronger than fear. I kept remembering mostly the last moments, when
that sorrow kind of broke the terror itself with its power, alongside
with my heart, something I did not realize at the moment.

My decision was made. I decided to flee Romania and get into a western
country, in order to attempt to seek them there, perhaps where there
would be other Elves that did not know me. I managed to get my hands and
read the works of J.R.R. Tolkien, ”The Hobbit” and ”Lord of the Rings”
and I felt it clearly that, somehow, Tolkien experienced them somehow
and managed to show something in the books, I find it hard to explain.
This is why I chose the UK.

I managed to escape through Yugoslavia, I almost got shot dead as I
crossed the Danube. It was a full fledged adventure, but I ended up in
the UK. My parents allowed it, even if they knew that either of those
two would happen: 1. I shall fail and end up dead or in prison. 2. I
shall succeed and they shall become a target for the regime, perhaps
even in prison. But they allowed me to flee, as situations like those
were pretty common back then.

In the UK, as a refugee, I lived a few harsh years at first, and this
harshness was therapeutic, helping me kind feel the longing for them
somewhat numb. I managed to get enrolled in a University, eventually,
and study folklore and mythology. I met my wife during that time.

In the end, I became a librarian in Oxford.  One reason why I ended up
in Oxford was because J.R.R. Tolkien was there and I hoped that he might
know something and guide me to them. Kind of silly, perhaps, but this is
how my mind worked. Unfortunately, he died before I ever got the chance
to talk to him. Perhaps I could have written a letter, like many people
wrote, but I did not dare to ask him what I wanted without being face to
face with him. Perhaps this was for the best, as I may have had a deep
disappointment.

I made research while in there, I managed to find clues, but distantly.
The closest thing I had managed was one night in a forest in Ireland, in
the late 1980s, something far less intense than my experience with
Andrada and Cecilia, I hope I shall have the strength to share it
later. 

I never told my wife or my children of what I lived. My children knew of
my obsession with Elves (or Fairies, as some like to call them, even if
that term is not proper at all), especially since I read fairy tales
with Elves, folk tales with Elves and, of course, the Hobbit and Lord of
the Rings. I never managed to pursue a true academic career and I admit
I tried to imitate Tolkien himself in creating a fictional universe with
Elves, but I failed and, after a lot of effort, it all seemed dry.

After communism fell, I was able to get in touch with my family from
Romania. Unfortunately, my father passed away, my mother was old and
sick. They were not imprisoned, but the regime made their life very
hard. They often were interrogated by the Securitate, the political
police. I managed to see my mother for one last time, before she died.

I was able to get in touch with Peter, who was now a very broken man. I
think not just what happened to him that evening, but a lot more, I do
not have the strength to get into many details. He still hated me, but
somewhat less. We still spoke on the phone from time to time, after I
went back to the UK. I met in Romania his daughter, Odette, who became a
frequent traveler to the UK where she visited me often, she even lived
at times in my house.

At some point, Odette got married in Romania and had a daughter of her
own, Sophie, who was very intelligent and even planned to study in the
UK. She also visited me before all that. I was even hoping that she
would come to live with me during her UK studies, to ease the pain not
just of my wife”s passing, but also of my children leaving for
Australia. But her life has taken a different turn, both Odette and
Sophie have posted here some time ago about those things. Peter was dead
for years before that happened.

I know that I am sick. I know that I shall not make it. This is why I
post this. I do not think they shall come for me and, even if they do, I
do not know if it matters. I wanted to die either in my homeland, in
Romania, or with my children, in Australia. I wanted to go to them, but
it was a hard, long story, so I came here. I still hope they shall come
to me here, even if I do not think they will, it is a long and bitter
story.

In Romania, I lived in the house of Odette for a little while but I
decided not to burden her and her family and move to a nursing home.
They have their part of the tale to tell, I hope they will soon. They
suggested that I write this down and posted it here, where they posted
themselves. Some of you may have read their testimonies. It was very
hard and long, but I managed to do it. I wish I was able to share more,
but I do not have the strength anymore.

So, this is my story. This is it. 

Ștefan Marinescu, out.
