October 14, 2011 20:23 - Recording started

𝘍𝘢𝘪𝘯𝘵 𝘴𝘤𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘮𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘣𝘦 𝘩𝘦𝘢𝘳𝘥 𝘪𝘯 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘣𝘢𝘤𝘬𝘨𝘳𝘰𝘶𝘯𝘥

My name is Maria Esperanza. I am a senior researcher at Indyne, a
company that focuses on extending human aging, or possibly ending it.
Today, an experiment to end aging, that was guaranteed success, failed
horribly, and I fear I do not have much longer left to live.

𝘚𝘰𝘶𝘯𝘥𝘴 𝘰𝘧 𝘤𝘩𝘢𝘰𝘴 𝘴𝘦𝘦𝘮 𝘵𝘰 𝘣𝘦𝘤𝘰𝘮𝘦 𝘴𝘭𝘪𝘨𝘩𝘵𝘭𝘺 𝘤𝘭𝘰𝘴𝘦𝘳

There are always risks associated with these experiments. Subjects die,
become disfigured, or lose cognitive capacity. Although these are
outliers, they can be expected. Both from the research, and the
subjects.

This… this is an outlier to the outliers. We were testing one of the
final variants of our Endurnýjun serum, a rejuvenating produced aimed at
restoring youth, while permanently keeping you in your physical prime.
Our test subject was an older man, approaching seventy years old. Not
even a man half his age could do what he’s doing.

𝘎𝘶𝘯𝘧𝘪𝘳𝘦 𝘦𝘳𝘶𝘱𝘵𝘴 𝘪𝘯 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘣𝘢𝘤𝘬𝘨𝘳𝘰𝘶𝘯𝘥, 𝘰𝘯𝘭𝘺 𝘵𝘰 𝘣𝘦 𝘪𝘮𝘮𝘦𝘥𝘪𝘢𝘵𝘦𝘭𝘺 𝘴𝘪𝘭𝘦𝘯𝘤𝘦𝘥 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩 𝘢
𝘳𝘰𝘢𝘳 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘴𝘩𝘢𝘬𝘦𝘴 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘣𝘶𝘪𝘭𝘥𝘪𝘯𝘨

We began the test at 14:00, and I took my place supervising the
experiment from a room above the theater. Everything had gone to
procedure, down to the placement of the needle in the subject’s arm, to
the restraints used to hold them in place. I do not know what went
wrong, or where we went wrong. After the injection, the subject
immediately began thrashing about, frothing at the mouth, squirming and
writhing with apparent pain.

After five minutes, the electrocardiogram the subject was attached to,
showed a flatline. Disappointed, I directed the junior researchers to
begin checking the body for a biopsy on the cause of death. And they
dutifully complied.

𝘚𝘤𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘮𝘴 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘴𝘰𝘶𝘯𝘥𝘴 𝘰𝘧 𝘧𝘳𝘢𝘯𝘵𝘪𝘤 𝘴𝘤𝘶𝘧𝘧𝘭𝘦𝘴 𝘨𝘳𝘰𝘸 𝘤𝘭𝘰𝘴𝘦𝘳, 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩 𝘩𝘶𝘯𝘥𝘳𝘦𝘥𝘴 𝘰𝘧
𝘷𝘰𝘪𝘤𝘦𝘴 𝘳𝘰𝘢𝘳𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘪𝘯 𝘶𝘯𝘪𝘴𝘰𝘯

The second Anthony came near the body, its arm shot up, breaking through
the restraints and clamping around his throat. We could do nothing but
watch as Anthony seemingly deflated, like a ball that lost its air. At
the same time, the body of the subject swelled, a mass under its skin
wriggling like worms.

𝘛𝘩𝘦 𝘩𝘢𝘭𝘭 𝘨𝘳𝘰𝘸𝘴 𝘦𝘦𝘳𝘪𝘭𝘺 𝘲𝘶𝘪𝘦𝘵, 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩 𝘴𝘲𝘶𝘦𝘭𝘤𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘴𝘰𝘶𝘯𝘥𝘴 𝘦𝘤𝘩𝘰𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘧𝘳𝘰𝘮 𝘯𝘦𝘢𝘳𝘣𝘺

Breaking the remain restraints, the cadaver rose from the table and
slaughtered the remaining junior researchers. I called for security, but
they arrived too late. It was like the entity could sense them through
the door. The moment it opened, it lunged at them, ripping them apart
and escaping deeper into the facility.

That was six hours ago, and only now has it begun to quiet down. I hope
someone hears this. I locked myself in the viewing area overlooking the
research theater. I even called in for outside help. But I feel-

𝘏𝘶𝘯𝘥𝘳𝘦𝘥𝘴 𝘰𝘧 𝘷𝘰𝘪𝘤𝘦𝘴, 𝘴𝘦𝘦𝘮𝘪𝘯𝘨𝘭𝘺 𝘧𝘳𝘰𝘮 𝘣𝘦𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘥 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘳𝘦𝘤𝘰𝘳𝘥𝘦𝘳, 𝘴𝘱𝘦𝘢𝘬 𝘢𝘵 𝘰𝘯𝘤𝘦

𝑇𝐻𝐴𝑇 𝐼𝑇 𝑀𝐴𝑌 𝑁𝑂𝑇 𝐵𝐸 𝐸𝑁𝑂𝑈𝐺𝐻, 𝑆𝐸𝑁𝐼𝑂𝑅 𝑅𝐸𝑆𝐸𝐴𝑅𝐶𝐻𝐸𝑅 𝐸𝑆𝑃𝐸𝑅𝐴𝑁𝑍𝐴? 𝐼 𝐷𝑂 𝐵𝐸𝐿𝐼𝐸𝑉𝐸 𝑌𝑂𝑈
𝐴𝑅𝐸 𝑅𝐼𝐺𝐻𝑇.

𝘙𝘦𝘴𝘦𝘢𝘳𝘤𝘩𝘦𝘳 𝘌𝘴𝘱𝘦𝘳𝘢𝘯𝘻𝘢’𝘴 𝘴𝘤𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘮𝘴 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘣𝘦 𝘩𝘦𝘢𝘳𝘥 𝘸𝘩𝘪𝘭𝘦 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘦𝘯𝘵𝘪𝘵𝘺 𝘣𝘦𝘨𝘪𝘯𝘴 𝘵𝘰
𝘧𝘦𝘢𝘴𝘵 𝘰𝘯 𝘩𝘦𝘳 𝘣𝘰𝘥𝘺

-   End of recording
