When I got the news, I wasn’t particularly surprised. The death of my
father was to be expected - an alcoholic that drank liquor for water
couldn’t last very long. I did however feel excluded from the mourning -
either it didn’t settle yet, or it didn’t even arrive. He didn’t have a
funeral, hence from what I was told, his remains weren’t found.

I watched the calendar after the incident. A day, two, a week. Time went
by the same, I concluded, with little care. My main problem was another
one - hygiene has become my priority lately - and my nails have refused
to cooperate.

When I open my eyes each morning, and I scratch softly at the ends to
leave my slumber, I find a brown substance hidden underneath my
fingernails. I soon found it to be dirt, I thought, by the texture and
smell, though I haven’t told my mother that. She’d think I lost my mind,
so I fabricated a scenario of the body doing its thing - she’s not
particularly intelligent, so she believed me.

What really bothered me, though, were the dreams that suddenly came
back. Hammers, screwdrivers, and razor sharp blades filled my vision
when I fell asleep. His face was plastered among them, devastated and
half-expired. I’d wake up in a cold sweat on the first few nights, until
it became a routine.

Though, the more dreams I got, the more dirt I kept finding.

One night, I even tried stuffing my nails with cotton - to keep it from
forming, from appearing - but the next morning, it was gone. This went
on for several weeks until I decided to set up a camera. Surely, if it’s
a biological thing and not me digging through the chocolate in the
fridge, then I don’t even have a reason to film it in the first place.

When I woke up - with dirt under as always - I stopped recording and
watched myself in the video.

At around midnight, my breath leveled out with a few embarrassing
snores. They quickly quietened down when I started to sit up in my bed.
My eyes were shut, awfully tight even, as I reached for my phone before
standing up. My mother didn’t hear a thing.

I could see myself getting on a pair of zip-up boots before leaving the
house. Hell, I knew I sometimes sleepwalked, but it’s getting
ridiculous. My keys were clinking softly, thankfully, at least I didn’t
wake up the neighbors too.

I believe it was a three kilometer walk. My feet carried me pretty fast,
so I arrived at my destination quickly. The feed was getting darker,
less illuminated by the nearby streetlamps, though I could still see a
little bit. It looked like a field, an open one, with a small patch of
abundant bushes and several trees surrounding them.

Then I started to dig.

The specific location was odd at first - it could’ve been anywhere
else - but considering that I’m not exactly awake right now, it doesn’t
really matter. The dirt comes off easily, I see, the thing didn’t get
stuck to anything beneath. Sometimes I’m so hungry that I feel
malnourished, but I live for the taste of meat.

I’m sorry that I have to cut my explanations short. It’s past midnight,
and I have to make sure my boots are silent.
