This might be my best doodle yet. It really does look like a flower, not
some flower you’d see from a child’s crayon scribble—a real flower.
Though, anyone would become an artist if they were in my shoes. My 8
hours at work consists of meetings, heaps of paperwork, and phone calls.
It’s nothing special. It pays the bills I suppose—but it’s not where I’d
like to be. The only thing that helps the dreadful time pass is doodling
on this old spiral notebook.

Thankfully, the time finally comes. 5:00 PM. I follow my routine. I pack
my bag, get scolded by my piece-of-shit boss for something I don’t
control, and head out the door—hoping I won’t have to enter through them
again. I fall into my $2000 car—which has had a check engine light for 2
weeks—and begin to pull out of the parking lot. I turn the radio on
bust, and drop all the windows. Finally, I am able to relax a little.

I lighten up a little on the drive home. I’m not sure what it is, maybe
the smell of the trees, or the fresh air hitting my lungs, but whatever
it is improves my mood. I slow down a little, taking my time, because it
won’t be long before this feeling fades. The feeling that all is fine,
because it’s not. 

On the way, I pass the graveyard. If only I could afford flowers for her
grave. I try to visit her as much as I can, but I never have anything to
give. If it was me in that casket, she would find a way to make it work.
I can’t. She was the smarter one. She would have it figured out by now.

I pull into our… my driveway. The street is quiet, which is weird.
Usually there are kids riding their bikes or couples going for a
walk—things that remind me just how lonely I am. But today? Nothing. As
I step out of the car, and head toward the door, I notice a brown box on
the step.

There was nothing special about it. No branding, no design, no label.
Nothing. I don’t remember ordering anything. Maybe it was some
subscription of hers I forgot to cancel. She loved all things health.
Vitamin samples, protein powders, meal plans. She used to make me eat
those god awful trays of food. But I pretended to like them, to make her
happy. I thought I had a great poker face, but she’d break out in
laughter when I ate a spoonful of “Steamed Kale”. I’ll never forget how
it sounded.

I picked up the box. It felt empty. I gave it a small shake. Nothing.
Why would someone put an empty box on my porch? I brang it inside, and
threw it on the kitchen island. I left it there, and headed into the
bedroom to change out of the clothes I hate wearing. I unbutton my
office shirt, and slide it off. Something feels weird about that box. I
can’t place it, but… it feels odd. I leave the room, ready to collapse
onto the couch, and surf the channels until I fall asleep. But something
about that damn box is irking me.

I turn right toward the kitchen, and grab a pair of scissors. I slide
its blades across the tan packaging tape, and fold the flaps open. What
the fuck? A flower? More specifically, a Peony. A singular Peony. Just
like the ones she planted in the garden. Just like the one I drew. She
was raving about them blooming just before… Who the fuck sent this to
me? Is this some kind of sick joke? How would they know? Why would they
know? I don’t understand.

I closed the box and pushed it away. The only person who knew about the
flower was her mother. Why would she do this to me? I’d be able to
figure out but she wont answer any of my fucking phone calls! Fucking
bitch! I pushed the box off the counter and stormed the couch. I wish it
was me. If it was me in that passenger seat, she would be here. She
would move on, find someone else, live her life. She had it all, I had
nothing but her.

I plop on the couch, and begin to root through my work bag for the half
eaten egg sandwich. I don’t cook much anymore. She was one hell of a
cook. Her homemade chilli could fare in a Michelin star restaurant. My
meals have been reduced to bland cereal, sandwiches, and takeout. It’s
all I can stomach nowadays. 

I pull out the tupperware containing my lunch, and peel the cover off. I
grab the sandwich and sink my teeth in, but I don’t chew. I squeeze my
teeth together. I’m coming apart. Again. Like usual. I can’t let it
destroy me. That’s what everyone tells me. They say I need to let it go
in order to get better. How could you let that go? I guess I’ve never
tried to be fair. Maybe I will, to the best of my ability. I chew. It’s
gross. I don’t even like eggs, but it’s the only thing I can cook on a
stove. For the first time in a long time, I recognized that it was
gross. I had been eating for fuel. My opinion of flavor just came back.
Does this mean… I’m healing?

I flick on the TV to a Jeopardy re-run. I watch for a moment, before my
bag catches my eye. My notebook is sticking out. I reach and pull it
out, and begin to flip through the pages. I look at all my boredom
doodles—from bicycles, to trees, to portraits of people who don’t exist.
I smile at the bad ones. You would think that after all this time,
sketching all of these doodles, I’d be better at drawing. But nope. I
suck.

I’ve seen this episode of Jeopardy already. That lady with the crazy
hair wins $30,000. Must be nice. It’s the only channel I have besides a
fireplace channel, so it’s not like I have many options. So I’m gonna
draw. It helps at work, maybe it will help at home. I reach into the
bag, and pull out my trusty mechanical pencil. I stare at the looseleaf
page for a moment. What do I draw? I don’t know. My doodles are usually
subconscious. I’ve never sat down and actually tried to draw something.

I peer up to the TV. I watch as a contestant picks $200 in the
“Reptiles” Category. She loved reptiles. She had an iguana when she was
younger. I got it. I’ll draw an iguana. What does an iguana look like?
Okay, nevermind then. I’ll draw… money. I draw a rectangle in the middle
of the page, and begin to add the details that I remember. I draw an
oval, and inside that, a terrible portrait of Benjamin Franklin. It’s
been a while since I’ve seen a $100 bill.

I finished my amazing art. It could be worse honestly. The Jeopardy
episode comes to a close as I set my notebook down. I watch the TV for a
moment. It cuts to black as the program changes. Jeopardy! Again. I sink
into the couch a little more, feeling bored once again. I’ll order some
takeout. I wonder if the Chinese place that she and I used to eat at is
still open. I haven’t checked for a month or more. Last I heard business
was slow. I dialed the number on the fridge. I could never remember, so
she wrote them all down for me.

The voice of the elderly Chinese lady chimed over the phone. She didn’t
recognize me, but I recognized her. It was soothing in a way. It was
hardwired into me—that voice represented a peaceful night, and
frankly—Love itself.  I ordered my usual. Chicken balls and rice. I have
simple tastes. “Is that everything?” the lady asked. I almost kept
going. It’s just routine to me. “Yeah, that’s all”. 

I hung up the phone, and as I walked out of the kitchen, I struck the
box from earlier with my foot. Right, I forgot about that. I picked it
up, setting it on the island again. The box was cracked open. I could
see the pink flaps through the gap. My stomach rumbles. It comes to me
that I haven’t had any bathroom breaks today. Not that my boss would
allow it anyway. It’s all work work work with him. I head to the
bathroom, and do my business. I go to wash my hands, but notice there is
no soap left. I’m kind of peculiar with hygiene, so I can’t just “wash
it with water”. I search around the bathroom cupboards, to see if there
is a leftover bottle of soap anywhere. Even a bar would suffice.

I search behind a stack of towels. There is a bottle. Fuck. It’s her
shampoo. I threw it behind those after her funeral. I couldn’t look at
it in the shower. I pull it out, and look at it. I know what’s going to
happen. I’ll wash my hands, smell that smell, and break down later. So I
don’t. I throw it back in behind the towels, and shut the cupboard. I
wash my hands in warm water. It’s gross, but it’s better than the
alternative. I reach to dry my hands when I hear the door. Knock Knock
Knock.

That couldn’t be my food already, can it? I head to the door, expecting
a salesman, or something. I swing the door open. It’s late. The sky is
now navy blue. The ambient noise of traffic has quieted down since I got
home. No one is there. I look left to right. Then down. Sitting on my
front step, on top of the “Welcome” door mat, was a brown box. Identical
to the last one. Someone has to be fucking with me. I’m sure of it now.
Let me guess, another peony? Really funny! Make fun of my dead wife! So
fucking hilarious!

I threw the box on the counter, and made a dash for the scissors. I slid
the blade across the tape just as I did before, and swung the flaps
open. Sitting neatly in the box was a $100 bill. What? How could… what?!

I peer over toward the notebook, which sits closed on the coffee table.
No. That isnt possible, use your fucking head! This isn’t a movie!

I stare at the box again, and pick up the bill. It’s real, I’m sure of
it. Same paper, same designs, same security features. It’s real. But
how? How could they have known? I walk out of the kitchen with the $100
bill in my hand, and plop down on the couch. I slide the notebook toward
me, and open it up. Both of these doodles were on the same page. Could
it be? No. That’s ridiculous. But… if not that, how? Is my house bugged?
Is someone listening? If someone is listening, then… give me another 100
dollars! At my door! Come on! Prove it!

I sat and stared at the bill for a few minutes. No other knocks at the
door. So either no one is listening, or I spooked them off. Or I have a
magical pencil, or notebook, or something. Well, let’s find out. I grab
the pencil and notebook, and fold it back open to that page. I look
around the room, and my eyes catch the TV remote, lying on the coffee
table. I pick it up and place it on my lap, using it as a reference. I
start to sketch, matching all of the details of the remote as accurately
as I can. I finish the last few buttons, and throw the notebook down,
closing it.

Once again, I sat and stared for a few minutes, this time out the
window, waiting to see if anyone came up to drop it off, still convinced
this is some big joke. That was until I heard a knock from the door.
Again. Did I doze off or something? I could’ve sworn my eyes were peeled
on the front door the whole time. I jumped off the couch and headed to
the door. I swung the door open, scanning the streets for anyone I may
have missed. Of course, nothing was out there, nothing except a box. Let
me guess…

I repeat my last steps, pick it up, cut it open. Remote. For fuck’s
sake. Am I losing my mind? Am I dreaming? What the fuck is going on!?

So, apparently I have a magical notebook in my possession. Great! I
guess I’m a wizard now. Or… a more reasonable explanation is this still
could be some prank. I mean, these things aren’t exactly rare. So let’s
do a fool proof test. One more. I pick up the notebook, and doodle a cut
diamond. The same type of gemstone on the wedding ring I used to
propose.

This time, I head to the door, and stare out the peep hole. If someone
drops the box off, I’ll see them. There are no ifs, ands, or buts. I
will see them. I wait, and I wait, and I wait. Nothing, nothing, and
more nothing. Until something weird happens. Y’know when it’s really hot
out, and you see heat haze? That. I saw a blob of heat haze. I swung the
door open as fast as I could. The box was there, and it moved. I watched
it settle, as if it was dropped with haste. I saw it. This is real. Holy
shit. I have a magical fucking notebook.

I bent down to grab the box. Something inside was rolling around when I
moved it. Let me guess… Pick up, slice, yep. A diamond. Wow. I don’t
even know what to think. This is just… insane. 

I park myself on the couch again, and it hits me. I could have anything
I want, if this works how I think it works. Whatever I draw, I get. So I
do. Over the next 20 minutes, I drew a Ferrari, 2 minutes later, it was
in my driveway. I drew a billion dollars, and 2 minutes later, my bank
account balance was a 10 digit number. I drew a Rolex, and 2 minutes
later… I’ll let you guess what happened. 

I took a night ride in my new car, reaping the benefits of my newfound
fortune. I put the top down, and turned up the radio. I sped through
backroads, and for the first time in months, I was happy. I stopped at
the gas station, and racked up a $300 purchase on gas and snacks. Never
in my wildest dreams could I imagine spending that much at a gas
station, of all places.

I parked in a lot, which overlooked the city, and took it in. All of
those prayers to a deity I don’t even believe in came true. Maybe there
is a god, because how else could you explain all of this? Everything
I’ve ever wanted has come true.

Except one.

The love of my life. Every night, I prayed for her to come back. I knew
it wasn’t possible, but still, I couldn’t accept it. That she was gone.
I don’t know. It may sound stupid but, I almost wanted to believe she
was stuck between here and… somewhere. Like I could pull her back. Every
night I shot into the dark towards a god I didn’t think was real,
begging for her. Tonight, that god answered, and instead of using it for
its provided reason, i defaulted toward cars, money, watches. What the
fuck is wrong with me? If it was her… she’d do the right thing right
away. I’m a piece of shit. I didn’t deserve her. It’s time to make this
right, to set it straight. To show her the love she should have received
from me when she wasn’t gone.

I put the car in drive, and floored it back home. I parked in the
driveway, next to the $2000 car, I ran past the now cold chinese food,
left dormant on my front step. I ran to the coffee table, and ripped the
notebook from its surface. I swing open the page, and begin to sketch
out her perfect face. I give her a smile. It was rare I saw her without
one. No matter the situation she was smiling. God, I can’t wait to see
it again. In person. I doodle her brunette hair, her freckles, her eyes,
her dimples. I finish the head, and look. That’s my wife. This is my
best doodle yet, and I don’t think anything will top it, ever.

I am overwhelmed, tears well in my eyes. This marks nearly 2 straight
months of crying everyday, however this time, they are tears of joy, of
happiness, of relief. A drop hits the page as I stare at her face. I set
the notebook down for a moment, and wipe my eyes. I take a deep breath,
and laugh at the absurdity of this all. I reach out for the notebook
again, when I hear it.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

Confusion. The first thing that comes to my head is confusion. I’m not
finished drawing, so who or what is at my door? Maybe it’s a
coincidence. Maybe someone really is at my door. I get up, and sway past
the couch. I’m confused, but the euphoria of the moment still hasn’t
worn off. I get to see my wife again in a few moments. Right after I
answer the door and tell whoever is out there to go away. I’m not
interested in the vacuum or whatever they may be selling. I open the
door, and look around, nothing. So, I look down. And there is a brown
box. Sitting on the doorstep. No labels, nothing that makes it unique.
Just a standard box. I bend down and pick it up. It’s heavier than the
last ones. I reach for the scissors, and drag it across the beige tape,
curious as to what is in it, as I haven’t drawn anything since. I lift
the brown cardboard flaps and peer inside.

Her head. It was her rotting head.
