Samhain is upon us. At the point of posting this, it has likely already
passed. My fourth chance at seeing my father again. I’m currently in the
same fragile, hopeful mood as every year, though I wish I wasn’t. Soar
high, fall hard or something like that. The encounter with the shadow I
posted about last time had been enough of a disappointment. Calloway
explained the creature to me in simple terms: it had been alive once
upon a time, a human like me, though not a morally good one. The heavier
the soul, the harder it is for them to find footing in the afterlife.
The entity that had possessed Calloway had likely been roaming the
Otherworld without aim or purpose. No possibility of peace or
reincarnation. Of course, it had jumped at the chance of slipping into
my Tempest Guide’s body.

What a sad existence.

Unfortunately, when you try to summon one unfortunate soul, you’re
opening the door for any and all others to come through. I wonder if Dad
had even heard my call before this darker creature took his shot at
communicating with me away from him. The thought makes me feel so
incredibly lonely.

Anyhow, last Samhain I launched what was probably my biggest attempt to
reach my father yet. After the failure two years ago, Calloway had
suggested I look for like-minded people to strike up connections with.
Fellow witches, to be exact. My fairy had intimated such acquaintances
might assist our rituals, and I had to admit it was a genius idea. So I
went out there and extended my feelers, so to speak; and I actually had
some success. Within the year, I managed to make four whole friends! Of
course, I’d been acting under a superior goal, but I found it was rather
nice to interact with other people. After meeting them online and
getting to know them, I rather enjoyed spending time with them. I hadn’t
had this wide a social circle since my ex left and shittalked me to all
our mutual friends.

So last year, we gathered them all around and we went to light the fire
at the bottom of the hill, as per usual. There were six of us; Anne,
Maisie, Brook, Esme and of course Calloway and myself. We were a
strangely merry round as I found their company lifted my mood. Anne had
insisted on bringing her speaker so we might listen to some music by the
fire, and it was surprisingly fun. We even started dancing, long before
the sun sank below the mound. It was the kind of dance that had no
ceremonial purpose, or at least not intentionally. We danced simply
because it was, again, fun.

It feels weird to write that word in the context of Samhain.

I was more optimistic than ever. Oftentimes, people call upon their
ancestors while surrounded by their family and loved ones. Given that I
lacked both of these things, I figured the company of my makeshift coven
might do the trick and create an atmosphere of welcoming and comfort. An
air that my father might find inviting.

I settled in on the ground beside Calloway. They were reading a book
they’d brought, one of mine, no less. Poe’s short stories. “Enjoying
yourself?”

“Hardly. No wonder you’re all gloom and doom if this is all you read.”
They smack the cover of the book, then softly rake their nails across
it. Like a cat sharpening its claws. They often played with things like
so; I’d often seen them tapping their fingers on my favorite red
hairbrush or drumming little scratchy rhythms on tabletops.

“I also have the works of Wilde you like so much.”

“Yes. And the full collection of ramblings of the madman Lovecraft.”
They rolled their eyes. “Not to mention your more extreme horror novels.
Or the erotica you like, which frankly disturbs me.”

“Have you read every book I own?”

“Well, I used to blow down houses for fun, but since you’ve got me all
tamed, I have to entertain myself somehow. And you’re just a very poor
conversationalist.”

Before I had the chance to argue, Esme strolled over to plop down in the
grass beside us. “Hey, you two. Phew. Dancing’s… phew.” She wiped the
sweat off her forehead. “When are we gonna start?”

“Sunset is due in about fifteen minutes, if my app is to be believed,” I
replied.

“I’ve really been looking forward to this, by the way. I’ve never
celebrated with other people on Samhain before. My family isn’t, um…
well, I’m in the broom closet.”

“My condolences,” I offered. “Celebrating alone used to feel… very empty
for me.”

“Aww. So did your girlfriend get you into magic…?” She gestured at
Calloway.

The storm faerie snorted. “I don’t know what part of that sentence I
want to correct first. Defend my honor, Ramona. Right now.”

I was unsurprised that Esme had drawn her own conclusions. Calloway had
scarcely interacted with any of my new friends, so all the girls really
knew about them was that they were living with me. Telling the girls
about their true nature would have only invoked mistrust, we both
agreed. “They are not my girlfriend.”

“Sorry, your partner, then?”

“Not that either. They help me practice the craft. I already did it
before we met. However, they are far more capable, so their assistance
is invaluable to me.” I sighed at Calloway’s smug grin. “It’s a natural
skill of theirs,” I conceded.

“Very, very natural,” the fae creature echoed.

“I see,” Esme said slowly, brows drawn.

“Since we’re going to call upon our ancestors, is there someone in
particular you’d like to contact?” I asked.

“Not really. My grandmother, perhaps. Mainly I just want to remember
her, though. If I do… If I pray and participate in your rites while I
do, then maybe she’ll feel it. I hope she does.”

Calloway looked weirdly moved. “She might,” they told Esme, flashing a
genuine smile before rolling over on their stomach and opening the book
once again.

We waited a while longer, watching the deep red light of the autumn sun
dive down below the hill. At last, Calloway stood up and sauntered over
to the fire pit. “Let’s begin. Ah, turn down the music, would you.
Trust, it’s better that way.”

I’d told the others beforehand we were going to do whatever Calloway
suggested, so there weren’t any objections. Even if there had been, they
would have probably been quenched when we all felt the air around the
fire shifting, infused with my Tempest Guide’s essence. Calloway’s glow,
their brilliance, seemed to seep into my mind, and again, I felt that
strange, ethereal sense of connection.

One with the grass, one with the wind, one with the stones and the
flickering flames.

I could tell the others were feeling it, too. It was plain to see on
their astonished, wonderstruck faces. None of these women were strangers
to the craft, but to feel the magic of nature, raw and direct without
having to speak an incantation, without utilizing any tools whatsoever…
It can be deliciously shocking. Like being thrown into cold water only
to realize it feels good.

“The prayer Ramona sent to you,” Calloway said, eyes shut tight as their
voice carried across the open field. “Speak all, and speak true.”

The six of us began to intone the words to the text I’d passed around
our group chat a couple weeks prior. It wasn’t something Calloway cooked
up, but rather something we’d worked on together. The girls had agreed
to all add some individual lines by the end of it. Tonight, we would
truly act as a coven might, all of us important elements to a greater
picture of reverence and remembrance.

“We mark the end of sunlit days,
we mark the snuffed sun.
As true as the fall of night are our hearts.
As bright as the flames of the hearth are our souls.

We call upon those who came before,
We call upon our departed loved ones to come in.
To stand beside us as the curtain falls.
To stand beside us in the brush of worlds.”

Esme was the first to step forward. Smiling into the round, she produced
a stamp sized satchel which she dropped into the fire pit. “For my
Lillian Harvey, mother to my mother, a bit of the rosemary with which
she loved to cook. Whether she rests or lives again, be it in peace.”

Brook was next. Her tousled black hair shone in the dancing lights, her
pale face looking almost ghostly. She had nothing to burn, no offering
or memento. She merely glanced at the sky, then back at us, and said,
“Blessed be all who celebrate and everyone who’s gathered in this
circle. What a wonderful night this is, my dear friends.”

I beamed at her.

Maisie cleared her throat before speaking up and produced a delicate
gold bracelet. It was small and short, as though fit for a very tiny
wrist. In the shine of the flames, it gleamed like a star. “For my
sister Marianne, who fought bravely against disease I loathe to speak
the name of. It’s been two decades since she’s gone, and more shall
follow, but I will never forget her name, her eyes, her laughter.”

As the bracelet sailed into the pit, a tiny cloud of silvery sparks
arose. In the blink of an eye, it was gone; so fast I wasn’t sure if it
had been an illusion caused by my weary, fire-blind eyes. Calloway
shifted their weight on their feet beside me. “She hears,” they uttered.

Maisie’s eyes blew wide, her jaw dropping before a wide smile started to
spread on her face.

At last, Anne took a step towards the fire. She’d been holding onto a
very small, round yellow pumpkin which she now placed at her feet and
nudged forth so as to let it roll into the pit. She grinned after it. “A
fruit of my very own little harvest. May the goddess smile upon us as
the year draws to an end.”

Going by the circle, it was Calloway’s turn now. I had been rather
curious to see if they would add anything to the prayer. Acting as my
conduit was one thing, but “partaking in the rites of mortals” seemed
like exactly the thing they would normally turn their perfect little
nose at. To my surprise, they eagerly spread their arms as if reaching
out to embrace the fire, and with a glance at the stars above, they
muttered something I could only barely hear.

“Horned Father, Resplendent Mother, embrace the dead but grant the
living peace of mind.”

I tilted my head at them in confusion, but Calloway merely motioned for
me to go and say my piece. So I did. My offering was a green hair tie
Dad had gifted me on my first day of school. “For my father, Lawrence
Volkov. Let this ribbon be a symbol of our bond, two souls linked by so
much more than the blood we shared.” And, under my breath, “Let this be
the rope to guide you back to me.”

As the hair tie disappeared in the dancing flames, I felt a pull
somewhere inside of me. Like an unseen hand tugging on my sleeve. In all
the times I’d tried to contact Dad, this was the closest I’d ever come.
I could feel *him*. I don’t know how else to describe it, except I
thought I could sense his presence. It was as though he was standing
right beside me. I focused on the pull with all my might, concentrating
on the warmth of his presence, the familiarity. My heart raced, my
stomach fluttered—finally. Finally. My chance to talk to him one last
time, to say goodbye after all these years.

After tonight, it’d all be different.

“Come to me,” I whispered, leaning into the weighted air surrounding me,
shoulders lifting in anticipation of a hug. Tears began to well up in my
eyes. I didn’t bother blinking them away. “Dad…”

And then, all of a sudden, the connection disappeared. The dark night’s
chill struck me like a slap to the face. I couldn’t believe it. For a
moment, I’d had all I ever wanted, and now it was just gone. What the
hell had happened? Who had taken this away from me?

As the world around me bled into focus again, I searched the faces of my
circle to find that they were twisted in horror. Worse yet, Calloway too
was staring at the firepit with a look of abject terror in their eyes.

There was someone standing among us, a shadow in the flames. I felt
distinctly reminded of the first Samhain Calloway and I had celebrated
together. The silhouettes edging closer before emerging from within the
fire; the dancers from the other side. My fears were confirmed when the
person slowly stepped out of the pit, drawing themself up before us like
a rolling black cloud.

It’s not that hard to tell a faerie or a nature demon apart from a
human. Once you’ve seen one of them, you can spot the others, too. The
one that had joined our round unbidden was of the same eerie beauty as
Calloway. They, too, were slender and graceful and soft-looking, with
ancient eyes set deep in a delicate, youthfully smooth face. Their hair,
as they tossed it, looked like spun gold. They gave a deadly gentle
smile, baring teeth as sharp as broken bottles.

“Blessings, Stormchaser,” they said, tilting their head at Calloway.

For a beat, Calloway stood very, very still. Then, they screeched. “You
fool! You damned idiot, what have you done?”

“Oh, did I come at an inopportune time? I didn’t realize,” the other
spirit replied, not looking like they cared even remotely. “I’ve been
looking for you, Calloway. Wanted to see if the rumors were true. So you
did let a mortal enslave you.”

“I did not. I am temporarily serving the human who bested me,” Calloway
snapped. “And I was about to make good on my promise to her when your
half-witted, vacuous, imbecilic self waltzed in and ruined it!”

“I’m vacuous? You just admitted to being bested by a human! If that
isn’t the greatest show of vacuousness of all, then I don’t know what
is!”

“Not by this human. Now leave already! You’ve done more than enough!”

“And here I thought you’d be happy to see me.” The pout on the other
creature’s face was one of mockery, but the hurt in their tone was
genuine. “I had reason to assume such, given the company you keep.”

“What the fuck is going on?” Brook asked aloud, her voice surprisingly
steady. “Who—what are you?”

The being from the fire paid her little mind. Their eyes, intense and
poison-green, were focused solely on Calloway. “Come. Let’s put an end
to this farce. I’m under no obligations—I can snuff her out, right here
and now.” They jabbed a finger at me.

“You won’t,” Calloway replied. “I made a promise to her, and I intend to
be true to my word.”

“Honesty? That’s… very unlike you.”

“I suppose I’m broadening my horizons.”

“I never thought I’d see you grovel like so. Highly unappealing.”

My Tempest Guide gave a thin smile. “I don’t particularly care whether
you find me appealing anymore. I thought I’d made that clear enough last
time. Now, kindly leave. Before I do something I might regret.”

Anger flashed in the other being’s eyes. “You’ve gone and given me half
a mind to kill her for spite alone.” Their forehead creased as they
stared at me in raw calculation. “Yes, I believe that’s the half I’ll go
with.” They’d hardly finished that sentence when their body began to
contort, arms growing longer until their fingers, now tipped with
needle-like claws, grazed the ground. Their head grew bigger and wider
to accommodate a new, enormous jaw lined with viciously sharp,
protruding teeth. Meanwhile, their spine had arched and elongated,
changing their light-footed, elegant stance to that of a hunchbacked,
lumbering figure of towering height.

In the distance, a cry of fear tore through the nightly silence. Was it
Anne who’d screamed? Maisie? All of them?

I couldn’t tell. I stood rooted to the spot, and I could not move; I
could not hear anything aside from the beast’s low, guttural growl and
the frantic beating of my own heart. Everything felt ice-cold and
clammy, the warmth of the fire seemingly miles away. Somewhere in the
back of my head, a misguided sense of pride chided me for freezing like
that, but I couldn’t help it. Never in my life had I seen something this
terrifying. Oh yes, the shadows had been disquieting, as had the various
darker kinds of magic I’d come into contact with over the years, but to
be faced with something this immediate and corporeal? Something this
grotesque?

There was hardly anything I could do but freeze.

Thankfully, it was not on me to save myself that night.

Calloway had taken a step in front of me before I truly registered their
movements. Their shoulders were taut as a wire, their head slightly
lowered. Almost like a bull presenting its horns. “The next step you
take better be backwards,” they hissed, the threat blatant and wholly
serious.

But it wasn’t. The abomination raised its massive, gnarled hand to
strike, but the claws never came down on either of us. Seized by a
savage gust of wind, the thing was thrown rearward into the raging
flames. Within the blink of an eye, a storm had arisen, howling and
whistling all around us but directed merely at the creature now clumsily
rising from the fire.

The sound of thunder rolling pulled me from my trance. “Get away!” I
yelled at the girls. They rushed to gather at my side and we ran for the
house front, but we didn’t have to go all that far. By the time we’d
made it halfway across the meadow, the winds had died down, leaving only
silence. We turned to find that the fire was burning no longer. Calloway
was standing over the pit, stomping out one last lonely ember. Calmly,
they picked up the backpacks we’d abandoned around our small campsite
and made their way over to us, dropping them at our feet.

They drew a deep breath. “I am sorry, Ramona.”

It took me a moment to restore my wits. Then, “By the Gods, did you just
kill your ex for me?”

“They’re not dead, mind, I just… kicked them back to the Other Side.”
They threw their head back, shaking out their flaxen mane before
beginning to idly preen at it. “In my more destructive days, we had
great fun terrorizing humans together. I would procure a great storm or
fog, and they’d be the horror hiding within. But that’s long over. I did
not intend for them to come here. This wasn’t meant to be a ploy or a
trick—I’m done with that. It must have been my prayer that drew them
in.”

“I believe you,” I heard myself say.

“I… didn’t expect that was what you meant by natural skill,” Esme said,
her eyes still wide as saucers.

“Sorry for not filling you in.” I gave the four an awkward look. “No,
really. I should have disclosed my companion’s… uh… well. Peculiarity? I
was afraid you wouldn’t have come if I’d told you the whole truth.”

Maisie let out a sharp laugh. “You’re joking. I would have come
especially for that. Besides, I kinda knew something was up when they
got that… exalted look to them by the fire.”

Brook shrugged the corners of her mouth in agreement and Anne simply
nodded. “It got pretty obvious there. Though of course now we know for
certain.”

“This was more important to you than you let on, wasn’t it?” Brook
inquired.

“I’m afraid so.”

“Would you… like us to stay and talk about it?”

“I’d rather have some time alone. But thank you. Thank you so much for
everything.”

The four of them gave some words of understanding and consolation before
grabbing their bags and departing. Calloway and I began our slow walk
back to the house.

“I know it’s not my place,” they began, and I could tell I wouldn’t like
what followed. I was right. “But why didn’t you invite them to stay?”

“It wasn’t them I hoped to talk to tonight,” I answered. My voice was as
hollow as the feeling in my chest.

“Wasn’t it, though? You know, I watched you get ready for them today.
You were looking forward to this, much more so than usual, and in a
different way. You actually enjoyed yourself tonight before things
turned ugly. That didn’t come from just anywhere.”

I didn’t respond.

Calloway groaned. “These girls are your friends, you’re allowed to admit
you liked being with them!”

“I didn’t invite them over for a playdate. I wanted to speak with my
father.”

“I know. But I’m asking you, why can’t it be both? Why did you have to
let this night end on such a sorrowful note? You could have poured your
heart out to these women, but no—you chose to wallow in your misery once
again, all alone in that empty house.”

“Not empty. You’re there.”

“True. I am. But they would have stayed even if they didn’t have to.”

“You should have simply let that monster kill me. Then you wouldn’t have
to suffer my company.”

“I didn’t say I was suffering, that’s not what I meant—”

“Why do you even care?”

“By Danu’s tits,” Calloway yowled, rage and frustration mingling
beautifully in their tone. “Do you ever stop to look at you? What is it
you see?”

Again, I said nothing.

“You know what I see? I see someone who’s drowning, someone who’s
perfectly capable of saving herself, but keeps waiting for a sign to
start fucking swimming! A sign that might not come at all!”

Their words rattled me. Rang too intimate. I nestled deeper into my
jacket, lips sealed tighter than ever.

My silence only seemed to spur on Calloway. “What do you even think will
happen once you hear from your father again? He’s a ghost, at best. Not
some magical deity who’ll fix your life! He won’t get your ex-husband
back, or find you a stable job or a friend group! Should you indeed be
able to talk to him, you’ll only go back to the house he left you and
simmer in your loneliness afterwards. One goodbye won’t repair three
decades worth of… self-hatred and abandonment!”

I tried to tune out their voice, but it was difficult. “I’m so… beat
right now. Do we have to talk about that?”

“Oh, we don’t have to talk about anything. But be honest with yourself
for a second. You’ve been chasing after your father for how long now?
Basing your entire life, all your research on the craft around him. What
for?”

“Don’t you get it? He’s all I got!”

“You’ve got no one then! If all you have is a literal dead person! You
cling to this image of a man who has not existed for what, a decade?
More? And you’re letting everyone else slip away! If I hadn’t told you
to find fellow witches for this rite, you wouldn’t have even bothered to
meet new people!”

“Wait, is that why you suggested that? Were you manipulating me into
finding friends?”

“Yes! Yes, I was! Oh, what a terrible crime!” They rolled their eyes.
“I’m truly deplorable.”

I picked up the pace, stalking towards my front door. “You’re wasting
yourself! Your talent, your wits, everything about you!” Calloway
shouted from behind. “I want you to remember that next time when you
look in the mirror after not washing yourself for two weeks!”

“Shut up!” I hissed.

“My prayer was for you.”

That made me stop in my tracks. Grant the living peace of mind. Of
fucking course. “You pity me.”

“Ramona.”

“Heed me, beast, I am not for you to be pitied!” I bellowed.

Something in the air… splintered. Calloway took a small step back.
“You’re slipping.” Their voice had lost its edge. “When was the last
time you screamed at me?”

“What? Just this morning we had a fight about—”

“About a TV show, Ramona. That wasn’t like this, you yelled, but you
laughed and you didn’t…”

Didn’t scream. Didn’t call them a beast.

I wanted to apologize. I didn’t. I merely unlocked the door and slipped
into my empty house.

🔥
