I live alone. Yet every night at exactly 3:55 am, I hear ten knocks,
each one around five seconds apart. At first, I’ve assumed it was caused
by plumbing in the walls, the apartment settling but I never thought it
would be this.

Yesterday, I got fed up of hearing it and decided to record it using my
phone to show to the landlord.

The next day, when showing my landlord…

The recording had no knocks.

Nothing. Thats when I heard a familiar voice saying “don’t open the
closet door”

What the fuck.

The landlord thought I played a prank on him, meanwhile I was standing
there in complete shock.

It was mine.

I went home, ready to call the police but first I called my best friend
over to ask if maybe he played a prank on me.

He came over a bit later.

“Dude, did you do something with my phone yesterday?”

“What? What could’ve I done?”

I handed him my phone.

“Check the voice recording app”

He opens the recording… “don’t open your closet door”

“What the fuck dude thats your voice”

“Thats what I’m saying, I didn’t say this.”

He laughed.

“This is some bullshit, let’s check out your closet.”

Heart racing, I said “NO! what if there is some fucked up shit inside,
ive read enough horror stories online to know this is not something to
joke around with.”

He laughed again. “You know, those aren’t real.”

Then he started heading for my room. I was hesitant but I followed him.
He approached the closet as I was bracing in the doorway, ready to run
at any moment.

Then he opened it.

I closed my eyes.

“There is literally nothing here, you must be hearing things.”

I opened my eyes and to my surprise, there really was nothing here… at
first glance. I looked a bit down and saw it. My phone, my phone, which
was literally in my pocket when we came.

“Wait… isnt that my phone? It was in my pocket a few minutes ago.”

“Yeah, this is getting interesting”

He leaned down to pick it up.

Then he turned it on.

“Hey, look at this, a new recording, its dated… tonight?”

He played it.

Exactly 10 knocks, 5 seconds apart.

He played it again.

10 knocks.

5 seconds apart.

50 seconds total length.

“Okay,” he said quietly, “that’’s weird.”

“Yeah.”

“So what do we do?”

“Let’s stay in the living room and wait it out.”

“Alright.”

We went to the living room and watched a movie, looking closely at the
time.

Then at 3:55, we heard it.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven…

“Wait, eleven?”

“This was not in the recording…”

He was starting to shake, we both had a feeling of being watched…
footsteps from the bedroom.

Then silence…

“What the…” he said,

Then the bedroom door burst open so hard…

“GET OUT OF THE WAY!” he said and pushed me off the couch.

Last thing I saw was red.

Then I woke up in the hospital.

“Where am I?”

Next day, they let me out. Doctor said mild concussion and head trauma.

It was a freak accident, they said, my friend died from a door.

Only I knew what was up.
