I’ve had a teddy bear to sleep with my whole life. My father bought a
couple weeks before i was born, and i’ve had it ever since. I know it’s
a little weird for a grown man to sleep with a teddy bear, but i like
it. It’s a sign of comfort i suppose. I’m not ashamed of it. I’ve always
found solace in it. Well i that was, until last week.

I started noticing strange things happening about a month ago. Nothing
super unusual at first, just some weird noises. I live in an apartment,
so i figured they were just coming from next door. I tried to ignore
them, but then they got stranger.

I started hearing what sounded like whispers. First time i thought i was
just my mind was just messing with me.

But then i started hearing them almost everyday. I could never make out
any words, just random nonesense. I was so confused. What is going on?
Then the real deal began.

Random objects in my apartment started to move around. One morning i was
getting ready for work and i noticed my toothbrush was laying on the
bathroom floor. It went on like that. I would find random objects laying
where they shouldn’t be. I began suspecting that possibly a squatter was
living in my apartment without me knowing. I searched my whole
apartment, on top of every shelf and under every rock, but i could not
find anything. I even looked under my bed, but i couldn’t find anyone.
Only thing that was laying there was my teddy bear. I even had the
police come and check it out to see if they could find anything. They
could not. However they did comment about a weird smell coming from
somewhere in the apartment. Thats when i too noticed the smell. I could
not pin point exactly where the smell came from but i knew it was coming
from somewhere in the apartment. It smelled like meat….rotten meat.

I even had my best friend come help me find the source of the smell, but
to no avail.

Fast forward a couple days. I was watching a scary movie late at night.
In the movie the main character battles a crazy living teddy bear with a
knife. Right when the main character was about to get murdered, the
power went out.

“Oh come on!”

I said.

As i stood up to go do something else, in the corner of my eye i saw…a
teddy bear sitting on my bookshelf. When i turned it was gone.

“Weird”

I thought. As i went into the kitchen i saw my teddy bear sitting on the
kitchen table with a knife in its hand.

On the knife was a dark red liquid. It was blood.

I nearly jumped backwards at the sight.

“WHAT THE HELL!?”

I screamed. I noticed that my teddy bear looked….wrong…just wrong. I had
a gross smile from one ear to the other. Its eyes were completly white,
and on its lap was a note. I slowly picked up the note and comtemplated
if i should even read it. It said:

“666”

I called the police right away and they took the teddy bear. They called
me in for questioning. After all, i was a weird situation.

Police:

“So this teddy bear came to life?”

Me:

“YES! I swear to god!”

I had to stay at my grandmothers house for the next couple of days. I
didn’t want to go back to where it all happend, i was to scared. After
about a week a dared to go back. Everything was normal again. Thank god
everything was normal again! One night i had just come home after a long
hard day at work. I decided to take a shower. I was in a good mood when
washing my hair. Then i got shampoo in my eyes. It burned like hell.
After what felt like an hour i could finally open my eyes again.

Thats when i say it.

“666”

Written on the wall…in blood.

I froze. I didn’t know what to do.

Then i felt it. I had feeling someone was looking at me.

I slowly turned around, shaking in my toes.

There, peeking out from the shower curtains, was my teddy bear with a
knife in hand. he let out a disgusting evil laughter before saying:

“I AM THE DEVIL! I’LL SEE YOU IN HELL”
