The words that headlined the first page in the book I held seemed to
rise out of the paper towards me. Fear the Day the Sun Rises in the West
-|-☽\🕸/☾-|- . The pictographs following the phrase meant nothing to me
but I did lean in to get a closer look at them. When I did, the smell of
the ancient volume filled my nose and I rubbed my stinging nostrils as I
closed the book down on the table in front of me. I didn’t think it was
possible to smell the age of something. 

I straightened myself up and stood tall, placing my hands on the small
of my back and stretching to the point where I could feel the satisfying
crack in my spine. This book was far older than the library I found
myself in tonight. This hidden room was assumed to be built sometime
from 1975 to 1976, around the same time the structure above was created.
However, this basement library wasn’t discovered until… well, now.

“Ingrid, come look at this,” a voice struck out, splitting the silence.
Ingrid walked over from one side of the rectangular 10 foot by 50 foot
space to the opposing edge where Perry seemed to be literally buried
underneath some books.

Perry was my boss in the sense that he gave me money to do things.
That’s where the similarities between him and an employer ends. But
that’s not the reason for me being here. I don’t consider this a job,
more of a… an outlet.

“You see that ’dere? You think you could you translate that for me,
please?” Perry asked politely with the faintest trace of a quiver hiding
behind his Chicago accent. I shook my head and smiled slightly. It could
be excitement from the place we were in or timidness from the proximity
of Ingrid to him that produced that shake in his voice, but Perry as
usual didn’t mind or seem to notice.

I looked back down at the book in front me and traced my fingers over
the cover of the textbook. The title was carved into the leathery face
of the book, an unrecognizable language I’ve never encountered. The
contents of the pages were mainly illustrations, along with infrequent
scribbles in the unknown language. The only English in the book was on
the first page. Fear the Day the Sun Rises in the West… I skimmed the
pages of the book again. A drawing of what looked like the sun with a
grinning face stretched across it. Graves larger than cities dotting
barren land and rolling dunes of sand. On the final page, a pitch-black
circle in the center of the sky and an immensely large crowd of people
and… things stood on the ground looking up at it. The picture was drawn
so the reader can only see the back of the heads of the people looking
up at the black orb in the sky. And yet, I could still tell that some of
the figures drawn were humanoid, ghoulish, and some that couldn’t even
be placed into that category.

I glanced back at Perry, who was flipping through pages of books with
Ingrid translating every so often, a look of mild wonderstruck on his
face, in his own little world. I’m here because of him, the bastard.
Back before I met him, I remember walking down the street, and as an
alley opening approached to my right I could hear the sound of voices.
They were quiet due to my distance from them, but the intensity was
unmistakable. I kept my head fixed straight ahead as I came level with
the entrance to the alley and passed quickly by the sounds of blows
landing and feet scuffling. Where I grew up you learned it’s smarter and
healthier to mind your own business on the street. But then I heard one
of the assaulters snarl,

“Who you trynna be a hero fer’? Gimme it!”

I might’ve been in a good mood that day cause now I was curious. Someone
putting up a fight against the local muggers? Get the popcorn. I stopped
in my tracks and turned to peek into the alley and saw two men standing
over a third who was curled into a ball on the ground. The two
aggressors were a few years older than me at the time so maybe around
21ish while the guy on the ground looked my age. I frowned when I
realized I was falsely advertised to. Where did the hero run off to? All
I see is the lanky wimp on the ground bleeding from his nose while two
seriously uneducated dudes unloaded a barrage of kicks and punches onto
him. But I did notice one thing. The black haired guy on the ground
hadn’t made a single peep. He would shudder and jerk in response to the
blows landed on him but he didn’t offer so much as eye contact to his
assailants. At least he has some honor, I thought. By the time I was
done processing the scene, the two men walked off frustrated, each
landing one more kick out of spite before heading deeper into the alley
and turning a corner out of sight, mumbling under their breath.

With a better view of the boy now I noticed two things. One, was that he
was protecting something from his attackers, curled up on top of it and
clasped in both shaking hands. The second, was his shoes. They were
nice. Expensive. And at this point the poor guy didn’t look like he
could do much about it as I walked into the alley towards him pulling
out the switchblade I always kept on me. Right when I got close enough
to tell him I was gonna be heading home with his shoes, his eyes shot
open and pierced right through mine, flicked down to my blade, and then
back up at me. We were what looked to be the same age, but his eyes
lied. They seemed to tell whoever they looked at that there was still a
child inside that body. That was enough to stop me but what he said in
that quivering voice made me do a double take.

“Do whatcha want. I’m not giving you the gold.”

Huh?

I shook my head, confused.

“What?” I replied.

“My gold. It’s mine,” He murmured. He was still laying down in the fetal
position, blood caked part of his face.

“What?” I said again. “What gold?”

“Oh, you’re not… you scared them off?” he asked almost to himself,
finally moving from his position and looking up. “Thanks… thank you.
Sorry gimme a sec.”

He sat up groaning, clutching his side and extended his hand out to me.

“Name’s Perry. Pleasure. Thanks again by the way.”

I realized I was still holding my switchblade in my hand and shoved it
back into my pocket and clasped his hand. It was that moment, when I
decided to put my blade away instead of point it at him, I still can’t
explain why. Perry then held up his ‘gold’.

“Fool’s gold,” he said with a grin. He was holding up what was quite
literally just a yellow rock no larger than a fingernail.

“Thats what they wanted?” I asked, incredulous. “Why?”

He shrugged. “Must’ve thought it was worth something. I did call it my
gold. But it ain’t, I jus’ needed it for a project I’m working on.”

“Then why?” Now I was starting to think this guy was either stupid or
crazy. Maybe both. “Why take the beating?”

“Cause it’s not worthless,” Perry stated matter-of-factly.

“But–,” I began but he cut me off.

“I meant it’s not worthless to me. To them, it absolutely is. To me,
this is the last piece of a project I’ve been working tirelessly to
complete, and today is the day that this piece gives me rest. To me it
is gold. Now why would I give a thing like this to people who can’t even
understand its value? People like that.”

He said this last line with a nod towards where the two older men had
exited the alley and spat on the ground. His eyes were glued to the back
of the alley but mine were on him. Studying him, looking for the truth
and the lies. But I stopped after a few seconds. I’d never met anyone
who spoke like that, certainly not my parents. I couldn’t help but like
him. And the way he talked about the guys who tried to rob him made me
feel ashamed that I was a few seconds away from doing the same thing.

“Can I see the project?” I asked reaching out my hand offering to pull
him up from the ground.

And ever since then I’ve been stuck with Perry. Voluntarily of course.
His project ended up being a visually pleasing structure made of colored
stones. Normally I would’ve thought this as lame, but Perry has the
ability to find excitement and enjoyment in ordinary things. And I’ve
found it to be contagious. Perry decided to travel the world and
explore. My attempts to explain to him that the world was already fully
explored landed on deaf ears and off he went, dragging me along the
first time, and soon after, I was the one suggesting places to go. He
came from a somewhat wealthy family and sold items he found on his
trips, so even without a job this allowed him to travel to most places
and pay me enough to afford accompanying him. Then 2 weeks ago he
approaches me and revealed our next destination.

“Guyana. Where and why the fuck–” I started but the next word out of his
mouth answered my question… twisting my gut into a knot and sending a
shiver down my spine.

“Jonestown”

I shivered. If you haven’t heard of Jonestown look it up. Basic rundown;
it was the settlement of a cult known as The People’s Temple. This was
their sanctuary in South America where they could live in their own
society. This changed after members of the cult murdered a Senator who
attempted to expose the group for what they were. That same day the
leader, James Jones, gathered everyone in the commune together. And then
he gave the order. In 1978, on the evening of November 17th, the people
of the temple drank cyanide laced juice. Soon after 918 bodies were
found scattered throughout Jonestown. The incident resulted in the
largest loss of American lives until the September 11th attacks.

“Jonestown,” I repeated.“Yea, it’s in Guyana near the border of
Venezuela,” Perry chirped happily, seemingly unbothered.

The closest we’ve gotten to a trip like this was the time we
‘accidently’ stumbled into the catacombs. That’s what we told the cops.

I think Perry noticed the look on my face though.

“You’re not afraid are you?” He asked, pouting and looking at me with
sky-blue eyes. “It was like 40 years ago. You’re supposed to be the
tough guy ain’tcha.”

The entire plane ride there I had an uneasy feeling in my gut. The
catacombs were one thing. I always thought of it as a really big
cemetery, plus you’re in Paris. I think I even remember getting lucky on
that trip and bringing a girl back to the hotel room we were renting. Or
I think she took me back to her place cause Perry was in the room. I
felt bad kicking him out.

But Guyana? My mom was Colombian, and I learned a little bit about South
America in school, but I still didn’t know the country even existed
until Perry informed me where the tragedy took place. And what happened
there… it’s unspeakable. I don’t know why the story of Jonestown
affected me that way, but it shook me to my core. I did more research on
it the night Perry told me we were going. There were children. 276
children. Their parents brainwashed into poisoning them.

Simply, evil.

When we landed, Perry introduced me to Ingrid who was waiting for us at
the small airport. Perry hired her as a guide/translator and after
introductions were made and a quick briefing on the coming journey we
set off. Ingrid didn’t talk too much unless Perry and I initiated
conversation, usually to ask stupid questions with obvious answers which
she seemed happy to answer. Perry as usual was upbeat, almost bouncing
in his seat as Ingrid drove. He talked the whole way, sometimes to me,
sometimes to Ingrid, and sometimes to himself. When we had to get out of
the car to hike the rest of the way though, Perry lost some of his
gung-ho. And when we neared the long-abandoned settlement, Perry seemed
to have left behind some of his energy. Or maybe it was this place that
stole it away. I even noticed a shift from Ingrid whose answers to our
questions began to limit themselves to one or two words.

We all kept quiet until we entered a sort of clearing. Not a true
clearing but a circle of jungle, with a diameter of about a mile, that
was less densely populated with vegetation and trees than what we had
just trekked through. Dilapidated buildings with vines slithering in and
out of the holes and crevices in the walls rose out of the plants
covering the ground. Plants and small trees had begun to lean on the
buildings for support. We entered the clearing nearest the living
quarters, where out of a couple hundred small identical buildings, most
were not intact. The majority had half a wall or ceiling missing while a
few had more devastating characteristics like a broken foundation which
caused the whole structure to sag and lean completely lopsidedly.
Examination of the inside of these buildings showed that the place had
been cleaned out nearly completely. The only remaining items in the
rooms were bed frames, occasionally a chair and miscellaneous items not
taken by the authorities or looters: lighters, a bible, an empty pack of
cigarettes, ripped pillowcases, toothbrush, and more disturbing a
child’s stuffed animal of a monkey, a man’s chain, a lone shoe, and an
earring that Ingrid found and placed in her pocket. I shot a strange
look at Perry when this happened, but he was too in awe of the ruins of
this place.

Everything was fine until we passed the building in the center of the
clearing, used for meals and large meetings, and we began walking
amongst the empty houses and buildings used exclusively by the heads of
the town and cult.

Soon after Perry had pointed out the faint blood droplets in the grass
that led around the corner of one of the buildings. They were so faint
and infrequent it was hard to tell if it was fresh or not.  I had
started following it with Perry and Ingrid in tow when I heard Perry
call out in surprise. I turned and he was belly down in the grass,
pushed up onto elbows with a frown presented on his face.

“Ow. I tripped.” Perry stated.

Ingrid actually giggled and I couldn’t help but allow a smile to creep
onto my face. The silence that surrounded this place was deafening and I
did not enjoy it. Something seemed off. This little blunder was
effective at breaking the tension.

“On what?” I asked, looking behind him as he sat up in the grass and
began feeling around. The foliage was so thick near the ground you
couldn’t see the floor you were walking on. Perry’s hands disappeared
past the wrist as he plunged them deep into the green underneath him.

“It felt like metal, I don’t know…”

“Listen,” I told him. My attention had returned to the blood trail we
had been following, disappearing around a corner only a few meters from
where we stood. “You do your thing, I’m gonna peek around this building
real quick, see if I can find where the trail goes.”

Ingrid nodded and I didn’t wait for a reply from Perry, who I knew was
too engrossed in his search to provide one. I strode over to the edge of
the wall where the trail turned left past the corner of the building.
There weren’t any doors or windows on the side of the building we were
on. It was rectangular and we were outside of one of the shorter faces
of it.

I leaned over and peeked down along the longer wall where the blood
trail paralleled. I narrowed and focused my eyes to follow the blood
trail with them from where I was standing. The volume of blood was
increasing the farther along the wall it went turning the vegetation it
rested on from a natural green, to a dark, thick scarlet. Now it was
noticeable, and all the negative emotions I had felt about this place
began to swirl inside my chest. The blood was fresh. When my eyes
reached halfway down the length of the building, the blood had begun to
appear on the wall of the building as well… before it stopped.

I blinked and raised my gaze to look at the only window on this side of
the wall. It was situated perfectly above the exact spot where the blood
trail ended. It was open. Blood trickled, leaking and dripping down the
side pooling onto the leaves covering the jungle floor.

“Guys.” I called out both urgently and quietly.

Safety in numbers. What made that blood? Why is it fresh? What’s inside
that window? Animal or human?

All these thoughts jumped into my head as I leaned back and turned my
head towards Perry and Ingrid.

“Gu-”

They were gone. As if they had never even been there in the first place.
There wasn’t anything to hide behind that was close enough for them to
reach so quickly. I whipped my head back and forth frantically
searching, panic and mania beginning to creep into my actions and
thoughts.

“what the fuck. oh fuck.” I whispered to myself. I’m a level-headed, no
bullshit type of guy, but seriously, “What in the fu-”

SNAP

I actually jumped, lost balance, and fell onto my ass. My mouth was
agape and my eyes locked in place.

Someone had slammed the bloody window shut from the inside.

Part (1 of 3)
