RULE #1: Ignore the dentist.

RULE #2: Don’t push the red button on the vending machine.

RULE #3: Beware the “Duchess” in room 200.

RULE #4: Never walk through a black door.

RULE #5: If you get lost in the manager’s office, follow the hairless
cat.

***

Keep reading. It’ll save your life.

No, I’m not writing to share a provocative story about the good people I
know who make a living as sex workers.

And no, I’m not writing to kink-shame a lonely weirdo, or to condemn an
aggressive pervert.

There’s no doubt this job comes with all kinds of stories, but I intend
this as more of a warning, a survival guide for my peers—fellow sex
workers—who see clients, or plan to, at that strange out-of-time
roadside outpost: the Black Osprey Motel.

It sits off a lonely highway in the high desert, a two-story, L-shaped
motel built of cinderblocks and painted a rainbow of pastels: pink,
yellow, aqua blue. Fake cacti and a small swimming pool grace the
parking lot. A massive, buzzing neon sign keeps you from forgetting the
place’s peculiar name.

The parking lot’s always full and the NO VACANCY sign’s always lit. How
the hell is that possible for a motel literally in the middle of
nowhere? I don’t know.

All I know is that it’s a great place for a sex worker. There are plenty
of new and repeat clients. The rooms are clean. The manager doesn’t
hassle us, though we rarely see him.

But best of all? The clients—for whatever mysterious reason—pay
incredibly well. Want to charge three times what you normally do for
your time? Go ahead, the clients at the Black Osprey Motel won’t bat an
eye.

But there is a catch: the motel can be a weird and dangerous place for
us escorts. My peers and I know this all too well. Many of our friends
have gotten hurt, killed, or vanished altogether because of the eerie
goings-on at that rural motel in the desert.

So, I developed a set of rules, or at least things to be aware of, in
case you choose to work at this particular place. I’ll start with five,
but this list will continue to grow.

Could these rules be helpful for those not in sex work? Probably. It
just seems that the only people who regularly visit the motel, outside
of the weird guests, are us.

Let’s get started.

***

RULE #1: Ignore the dentist.

He appears around 3 AM across the highway from the motel, standing
within the shadowy rock and cacti of the barren desert. You will make
eye contact with him—and that’s okay.

How do I know he’s a dentist? It’s pretty obvious. He’s dressed in a
1960s white short-sleeve side-buttoned medical smock with black pants.
Strapped across his sweaty face is a rusted head mirror, and his hands
are usually busy fondling old dental instruments: pliers, scalers,
grotesque drills.

If you make eye contact with this creepy dentist, he’ll begin motioning
excitedly for you to come to him—to join him on the dark side of the
highway.

DO NOT GO NEAR HIM.

If ignored, he’ll eventually walk back into the darkness.

RULE #2: Don’t push the red button on the vending machine.

Outside on the ground level of the motel, under the canopy—which is the
walkway for the second-floor rooms—are a row of odd vending machines.
Cigarettes, glass bottles of soda, moldy snacks … let’s just say these
machines don’t get much use.

The soda machine has a uniform row of white buttons for making a drink
selection, but one button stands out. It’s red and filthy and
scratched-up with use. The button does not appear to be associated with
any drink in the machine. It’s … unmarked, I guess you’d say.

One of the girls pushed it last year. When she did, the whole front of
the vending machine swung open and she could see a dimly-lit, grimy
concrete staircase descending down to an unseen basement underneath the
motel.

Even stranger, she claimed to have heard alternating screams of terror
and … laughter coming up from the secret space, screams from multiple
people. She closed the door and never worked the motel again.

Probably goes without saying at this point, but DO NOT PUSH THE RED
BUTTON AND DO NOT GO DOWN THE STAIRCASE.

RULE #3: Beware the “Duchess” in room 200.

For the most part, she’s a kind older woman who “holds court” at the end
of the L-shaped motel’s second floor. She seems to be a permanent
resident. If you can get past the poofy Victorian-era dress, thick
powdery makeup, and obnoxious cleavage—Bridgerton, anyone? —she’s great
client simply looking for companionship.

Oh yeah, and she likes to be called Duchess.

Yes, Duchess … No, Duchess …

But it’s not all promenades and gossip. The Duchess can be dangerous.

Sometimes, she turns into something else. Something violent. I haven’t
seen it. Those who have … haven’t walked out of room 200. But we’ve all
heard the shrieks … from her and her victims.

When it comes to the Duchess, I’ve made some observations that could
save your life.

If the Duchess invites you into her room while wearing a red gown,
politely refuse and DO NOT ENTER. Any other color of gown and you’re
safe to enter.

Never, for any reason at all, should you stay in the Duchess’s room past
3 AM. ALWAYS leave room 200 before 3 AM.

Final warning about the Duchess: She keeps an ornate jewelry box on her
dresser, and sometimes she’ll ask if you want to wear some of her
pieces—necklaces, rings, bracelets.

NEVER WEAR HER JEWELRY … EVER.

RULE #4: Never walk through a black door.

As mentioned, the Black Osprey Hotel is a pastel canvas of pinks and
yellows, with all of the doors painted a welcoming blue. But
occasionally, in the night, one of the room doors may mysteriously turn
black.

It doesn’t happen often, and when it does, this “black door” seems to
alternate and move around. One night it’s room 210 … the next it’s room
105 … you get the idea.

All of the motel rooms have a curtained window next to the door. When a
room’s door turns the sinister and otherworldly black, something strange
happens to that room’s window …

Flashes of white light strobe through the slits in the curtain.
Elongated, shadowy hands are seen tapping and knocking against the
inside of the glass. Ash-gray faces with bright red eyes gaze out
momentarily before disappearing back into the shadows of the room.

And something … attracts … people into walking through a black door when
it appears.

RESIST THE URGE.

DO NOT APPROACH THE ROOM’S WINDOW OR ATTEMPT TO LOOK IN.

NEVER, NEVER, NEVER WALK THROUGH A BLACK DOOR.

RULE #5: If you get lost in the manager’s office, follow the hairless
cat.

I mentioned this at the beginning, but the motel’s manager is rarely
seen. He’s a sleepy-looking older man who watches reruns of a soap opera
called Mansard Canyon behind the front desk of the quaint lobby.

Behind the front desk is a single door that leads to the manager’s
office, and this is where things—as you’d expect of the Black Osprey—get
strange.

A few of the other sex workers, for whatever reason, have entered
through that door expecting to find the manager’s desk, some file
cabinets, a small bathroom.

Instead, they found a twisted labyrinth of wood-paneled hallways and
1960s-style office spaces that reeked of old cologne and cigar smoke.
The ding of elevators and the clank of typewriter keys were heard in the
distance, though no one was there.

It’s like Mad Men had sex with the Backrooms …

From various reports, two things are terrifying about the manager’s
office.

First, you seemingly cannot escape once you’re inside. The hallways,
offices, and elevators make no sense and are impossible to navigate.
There is no escape … with one exception.

Follow the hairless cat.

One of my peers had his life saved by this wrinkly, bedraggled feline.
He was sobbing with defeat having accepted his fate, lost to the maze
forever, when the skinny creature appeared from an office and began
rubbing against his leg.

After giving it a few scratches, my peer followed as the cat walked for
an hour through various halls and nonsensical architecture and finally
emerged back into the motel’s lobby.

My colleague—sobbing with joy at this point—bent over to hug the
hairless critter in thanks, but it quickly gave a curt meow and returned
through the door and back into the manager’s office.

The second thing that’s terrifying about the manager’s office? The
Architect.

A few of those lucky enough to escape the labyrinth have only seen him
fleetingly. Most perish in the manager’s office—by being trapped until
death in the maze or by being killed by the Architect himself (I
assume).

Those who have seen him and survived—thank you, Great Hairless Cat—say
he wears a mid-century-style brown suit with a green sweater vest and
tie. He’s a small man with a balding head. He wears thick round
reflective glasses that give the impression he has no eyes behind them.

When seen, he’s usually busy working a tape measure over the walls of
the labyrinth, muttering and whispering to himself, clearly busy with
his work.

If disturbed while working, the Architect may scream something like,
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!?” or “WHO LET YOU IN!?”

Then, he’ll pull a large compass—the drafting tool with the sharp spike
on one leg—from his jacket pocket before hunting you in an apparent
effort to stab you to death with the small instrument, perhaps building
your corpse into the walls of the maze for eternity.

So … yeah … just NEVER enter the manager’s office behind the lobby’s
front desk.

And if you do … and if you get lost … or God forbid you encounter the
Architect …

Just pray like hell that little hairless cat comes along.

***

I’ll continue writing up rules for those of us who choose to work—or
visit—the Black Osprey Motel.

But that will come later …

It’s time for me to sign off.

I have an appointment with the Duchess and I can see her now from where
I sit typing on a bench outside the motel. She’s pulled aside her
curtain and is staring down at me with an eager smile, dressed in a
decadent crimson gown.

I shouldn’t keep her waiting.
