I promised Bobbie I would never tell this story as long as we both
lived. Well, Bobbie’s as good as dead and I can’t keep this inside
anymore. 

She’s going to come for me next. 

Bobbie and I grew up together. Our mothers were best friends and ended
up living right next door to each other. When they got pregnant, it was
a bit of fate and the marvel of modern medicine that gave us birthdays
on the same day. July 18th. From our first words to first girlfriends,
Bobbie and I were inseparable. We even finished each other’s sentences
sometimes. It would be creepy if we hadn’t been so close. 

That all changed in the summer of 1998. 

Bobbie’s mom made a ten layer chocolate cake for our thirteenth
birthday. Now, Bobbie wasn’t a popular kid at school, but he had me so
we always had kids at our birthday parties. By some miracle, we
convinced both our parents to let us have a sleepover that night at
Bobbie’s house. 

I remember in detail what each kid wore to that party even though it’s
been almost twenty years. That fact is super weird because I usually
can’t remember what my girlfriend wore yesterday or if we had milk in
the fridge. They say trauma sharpens the memory immediately before and
after something horrible happens. Like if you’re in a car accident, you
remember the exact song playing on the radio and the specific scent of
your air freshener even decades later. Something about the way the brain
encodes those memories burns them into you forever. 

I suppose watching a neighbor kid be brutally murdered in front of you
counts as traumatic. 

Tick, double tick. 

I guess I can’t talk about this unless I mention the mirror. 

Now, I’m not a superstitious person, but I’ve always been a bit jumpy
around mirrors. 

By that point in my life, I’d seen plenty of horror movies and knew to
leave them well enough alone. 

Who hasn’t seen Bloody Mary, right? 

There’s nothing scarier than something everyone already has inside their
home. Sometimes in every room, in one way or another. 

Some cultures even believe that mirrors are a gateway to another world.
A crossroads between the living and the dead. Some even feared them or
used them in rituals.

Bobbie’s bathroom had a large mirror right above the vanity. It was a
little ornate and had a thick oak frame around the glass. The glass
itself was highly polished and dark with a deep black backing. Bobbie
had said it was a special mirror his grandfather had passed down in
their family for generations. Bobbie’s dad was Mexican-American and had
decorated much of the house in artifacts his father had given him from
his childhood home in Mexico City.

I never liked that mirror, and I avoided going to that bathroom when I
came over to his house. 

It gave me the creeps.

The night started innocently enough.

The girls decided to sleep in the living room and me and Bobbie would
bunk in his bedroom. 

When Bobbie’s parents went to bed, the girls snuck into Bobbie’s room.

We started with card games and truth or dare. There were only four of us
who stayed the night. 

Me, Bobbie, Jessica, and Angie. 

Angie loved mirrors. 

She was younger than me and Bobbie by a year or two and was always
trying to impress everyone with what she wore or how she acted. 

She’d fawn at herself in any mirror she could find and pose. Turn
sideways. Pout her lips and pucker her lip gloss. 

“Guys, does this shade make my lips look too puffy?” Angie had just
walked out of the bathroom again and batted her eyelashes at me and
Bobbie. 

Jessica rolled her eyes.

“If you spent half as much time on your personality as you do your
makeup, you’d be a halfway interesting person, Ang.” 

“Wow, quick one Jess. I guess all of us can’t be blessed with such a
busy little mouth to keep everyone entertained, right boys?” 

Bobbie blushed a deep shade of red and looked at the floor. 

Angie knew Bobbie had a crush on Jess. Not that it was a secret or
anything. His emotions usually played out right on his face.

“Okay, okay. Claws away, ladies. Let’s play something else. I’m bored.” 

“Why don’t we play seven minutes in heaven?”

“Bobbie, there’s only four of us.”

“So, I think it would be fun.” 

Bobbie had gone a deep shade of red again and went back to looking at
the door.

“What about the postman’s knock?”

“What the hell is that, Ang, your mom’s stripper name?”

“No, Jess, it’s a game where we deliver a message to a person in another
room. Like we’re sending something through the mail. You first have to
elect a postmaster and have them go into another room. Then, you knock
three times and whisper your message through the door. The postmaster
must write down the message and slide it under the door. If they get the
message right, they win a kiss. If they don’t, they have to stay in the
post office in the dark, look at themselves in the mirror, and repeat
the correct message three times.”

“You’re on, but if this is just a chance for you to finally get your
hands on Benjamin, that’s a bit skeevy, Angie.”

We decided for the first round that Jessica should be the postmaster and
Bobbie, Angie, and me would come up with the message to send. 

Jessica grabbed a pen and pad of paper, took up her post behind the
bathroom door, and closed it behind her.

“Let’s make it a challenge, shall we boys?”

Angie had a determined look on her face. 

“Ok, Bobbie, I want you to whisper ‘Tickle tickle, I like to tickle. I’d
like to tickle Bennie’s pickle.’”

“I can’t say that!”

“Of course you can, don’t be a pussy. And make it a whisper so she has
to lean in to hear you.” 

She shoved Bobbie on the shoulder, and he stepped up to the door.

He knocked three times.

You could hear Jessica moving behind the door to get as close as
possible to the crack between the doorjamb. 

Bobbie hovered near the crack in the door and spoke very softly, almost
in a hushed whisper. 

The door rattled a little with the weight of her face against the wood
on the other side. 

“Tickle, tickle, I like to tickle. I’d like to tickle Bennie’s pickle.”

Angie had to stifle the laughter that came out of her mouth with her
hand at hearing Bobbie’s small voice say those words. 

The door rattled again as weight shifted. The sound of pencil scratching
on paper came through the wood. Then a pause. 

A thin slip of paper slid under the door.

Angie picked it up. 

She slowly unfolded the paper and narrowed her eyes at the small
handwriting. 

“What the fuck, you cheated!”

“I most certainly did not, Angie! Nobody likes a sore loser.” 

Jessica’s words were slightly muffled through the door, but you could
hear them all the same. 

“Fine, get out here and let’s go again.”

Jessica opened the door with a giant grin on her face like she’d won the
lottery. 

“Claim your prize, I guess. It’s just Bobbie, though. So, pucker up.” 

Jessica’s face fell slightly, but she recovered quickly. She turned to
Bobbie and pecked him lightly on the cheek. 

Bobbie went six shades of red and sat down on the bed. 

For the second round, we drew straws. Angie picked the shortest so she
was elected as postmaster. 

She turned and gave a devilish smile before closing the door to the
bathroom behind her.

“I’m not going easy on her after that shitshow. No offense, Bobbie.” 

“None taken.” 

“I’ll handle the message, guys. I want to deliver this one myself.”

“Aren’t you worried she’ll get it right and you’ll have to kiss her?”

“Oh, she won’t get this one right. I’m sure of it.”

Jessica scrunched up her face and crept over to the door and knocked
three times. 

She leaned in, even closer than Bobbie had, and barely opened her mouth,
so I didn’t catch what she said. 

She snapped her head back from the door and walked back to the two of us
standing a few feet away. 

There was silence at the other end. 

Then, slowly, a piece of paper slid under the door.

I was closest and reached down to pick it up before Jessica had a chance
to read it, and I just stared at what was written there.

Why would you say that to me?

I looked back up at Jessica with a questioning look, but her face was
unreadable. Her smile was gone, but there was something darker behind
her eyes. 

“What the hell did you tell her, Jessica?”

“Nothing she shouldn’t already know, Benjamin.”

The light under the door went out.

It was eerily quiet. 

Jessica started to fidget a little and look uncomfortable. 

“Hey, Angie, are you ok in there?”

I stepped up to the door and tried to open it, but the lock was engaged
from the other side. 

I leaned in close to the doorjamb and listened. All I could hear was the
blood pounding in my ears at first, so I leaned even closer and put my
ear flat on the wood of the door and leaned in with my whole body. 

I could hear whispering. Angie was talking to someone, or rather to
herself. Then I heard a sound I’ll never forget. 

It was three knocks. 

Except they weren’t coming from the door. 

They came from the mirror.

The other side of the mirror.

Then I heard a little giggle. Like a small child. And the sound of arms
or legs hitting the counter top and the faucet. 

There was a pause with no sound at all. Then a wet thud like something
fell to the floor. 

I leaned in even closer to the door and pressed my palms flat on the
wall. 

Bobbie and Jessica hadn’t made a sound behind me. 

Something tickled the hairs on my neck and my ears perked up. It was a
subtle sound, but it came with a sensation against my skin in a fixed
rhythm. I listened to it as I listened to my breathing and my heart rate
increase. 

Then I realized what it was. 

Angie was breathing right up against the spot where my ear met the wood
of the door. 

Then, she started to whisper.

I’ve got someone I want you to meet, Bennie. She says she’ll tickle your
pickle and promises she won’t bite.

The voice that came through the door crack was not Angie. 

I jumped back from the door and nearly knocked into Bobbie and Jessica.
They were both standing right behind me. 

“There’s something not right with Angie, guys. I think we need to wake
up your parents, Bobbie.”

“Uh, hell no, they’ll just freak out that we’re all in here together.
She’s probably just trying to scare us since she couldn’t say the
message.”

That’s when the bedroom lights went out.

Jessica screamed, but Bobbie put his hand over her mouth in time. 

We sat on the edge of the bed, unsure what to do. 

“Hey, Ang, you’re scaring us, can you just come out and let’s go to
bed?”

Silence.

Bobbie reached under his bed and pulled out his emergency flashlight and
flicked it on.

The beam cut across the bedroom and reflected off the brass handle of
the bathroom door. 

It slowly started to turn.

Jessica tensed beside me and Bobbie started shaking. 

Even in the wobbly beam of light, I could see the doorknob turning until
it clicked. Then, the door began to open. 

At first, there was nothing behind the door as the beam of the
flashlight hit the cabinet and the floor. 

Bobbie moved it further up and it reflected in the mirror briefly. The
light blinded us for a moment as it refracted off the dark glass. 

A shadow stepped in front of the light and then the flashlight flickered
and died. 

Jessica stood up first and started to back away towards the door to the
hallway, but the door was locked. 

She started to panic and call out and beat on the door, but it wouldn’t
budge. I could hear the sounds of running and pounding on the other
side. 

Bobbie kept hitting the side of the flashlight to get it to come back
on. 

Jessica stopped screaming. 

The only sounds now were shouts and beating on the door in the hallway.
Bobbie’s dad was trying to break down the door. 

I could hear something wet hit the floor in the bathroom again and the
sound of breaking glass.

Bobbie hit the flashlight one more time and the light finally flickered
back on. 

For a second, I didn’t recognize the room we were in at all. The
wallpaper had changed colors abruptly. Bobbie had a distinct wallpaper.
His mother had put it up when he was little, and she’d never had it
changed since then. As a kid, he loved ducks. He was fascinated by them.
So, she’d decided to put up wallpaper with little ducks in raincoats on
a soft blue background in his bedroom. Through the flashlight beam, they
looked different. Looking back now, I realize it was because everything
was coated in Jessica’s blood.

It’s the details that you remember, right? Not so much the bigger
picture. 

Bobbie’s parents eventually broke through the door. 

For a number of years, I think I must have blocked out what I saw in
that room. I realize later that Bobbie must have been the one to find
her since he was holding the flashlight. I was helping Bobbie’s dad
Brian pry the door open. We only spoke of it once, a few days later. He
said he wasn’t sure what was real and what his mind was telling him had
happened. He’d seen Angie climb up by the mirror. Then, he watched her
put her foot on the wall and her hand by the sink and step inside. She’d
turned to smile at him before she’d disappeared behind the glass. He
said she had a wide smile and she was covered in blood. 

The police ruled it an accident, though I’m not sure how they could come
to that conclusion. Jessica was found face-down in the bathroom in a
puddle of her own blood surrounded by broken glass with over eighty stab
wounds on her body. She’d fallen through the glass shower after slipping
on spilled water on the tile floor, official reports had listed. Bits of
darker glass were found inside of her, but the mirror above Bobbie’s
vanity was pristine and unbroken with only a bloody handprint found near
the sink and a tiny footprint on the wall. 

Bobbie’s family moved from that house a couple months after that and we
fell farther out of touch. I don’t think they like to remember anyone
associated with that night. Before he left that last day as they were
packing their car, Bobbie told me to never tell what really happened
that night to anyone as long as we both lived. I remember seeing them
box up that old mirror, but it never made it onto the moving truck. They
just put it out by the road and the next day, it was gone. 

As for Angie, she disappeared into thin air. There was an investigation
and we’d told the police a version of what happened that night. Not the
entire truth, but enough to get us off the hook. They ended up going
with the theory that Angie had freaked out that night and fled through
the window in Bobbie’s bedroom after Jessica fell through the plate
glass shower. But, she never returned home. She was declared a missing
person and her poster still hangs in the local police department on a
bulletin board for lost children.

It’s been almost twenty years, and I still can’t bring myself to look
into a mirror. 

Even now, as I’m typing this I still feel like someone is watching me.
I’d gotten into the habit of covering up any mirrors in any place I’ve
stayed in and avoiding them as best I can out in public. 

Just as a precaution. 

Sometimes, late at night though, when things get really quiet and I’m
laying in bed, I can hear those knocks again. 

Except it never comes from the door or from the wall. It comes from the
mirror. The other side of the mirror. Behind the sheet I hang over it.

It’s happened now for two nights in a row and this is the third night
I’ve not answered the postman’s knock.

I’ve kept the door to the bathroom closed and locked since I’d heard
about what happened to Bobbie. 

I’m laying in bed with my laptop, and I’m scared to fall asleep.

It’s been dead silent for hours now.

KNOCK.

KNOCK.

KNOCK.

I could swear I just heard a wet thud somewhere behind the bathroom
door.

My fingers are like ice as I’m typing this. 

Something just moved in the dark. A piece of paper slid under the door. 

I don’t think I’m alone anymore. 

I tried turning on the lights, but they aren’t working so I’ve got my
flashlight on and fixed on the door. 

I crept over as quietly as I could and grabbed the piece of paper and
now I’m in the bed under the covers. 

My flashlight keeps going out so I’m having to use my laptop for light.

I opened the piece of paper, but I shouldn’t have.

She’s in here with me, I know it.

I can hear something next to my ear. Breathing. The bed just moved like
someone just sat beside me.

Don’t you want to know what Jessica said?
