Everything changed the day my last baby tooth fell out. It had been days
since noticing it was loose and i couldn’t stop myself from wiggling it
with my tongue. At first it hurt but then it felt kind of good, like
cracking your knuckles or scratching an itch. There i was in home room
clacking my loose tooth against the closest adult tooth and ignoring my
teacher. The kid in the desk behind me was your stereotypical leg
jiggler, constantly tapping and bouncing their legs with reckless
abandon. Since my tooth had become loose the tapping had become an
issue, it completely threw off my tooth clacking. On and on and on I
finally had enough and turned around.

“WOULD YOU FUCKIN ST..”

The pain shot through my gums and into my sinuses so fast i barely
registered it. In the heat of the moment I had bitten down on my loose
tooth and the force popped the nerve. The asshole behind me was wide
eyed and mouth open from my verbal barrage and now my tooth was flying
towards its point of impact. Right in the Uvula…I Win the grand prize.

If there ever was a way to tell someone to fuck off this was it. The
sound that came next made me laugh so hard I almost missed my chance to
avoid the hot stream of vomit headed for my face. What looked like a
steaming gallon of super wet instant oatmeal pooled and dripped down the
desk onto the floor.

Now i was standing infront of my desk locking eyes with this foot
tapping maniac. Grasping at their throat and gasping while changing from
normal to every shade on the way to purple. They stumbled and fumbled
out of the desk and stood up looking up at the lights frantically
smacking and scratching at their throat.

Just like a Rube Goldberg arrangement chaos unfolded before me in slow
motion. First they slipped in their own puke and then that set off a
chain of events ending in the Loud THUD of a skull bouncing off a tube
of stainless steel. Some people rushed to offer help but most people
dispersed at the first splat of blood. I myself was looking just infront
of the rapidly growing pool of blood at my tooth. At some point during
their interpretive dance routine it had dislodged from its resting
place. With chameleon tongue like speed I snatched it off the floor and
stuffed it into my pocket. I then composed myself and joined the
students fleeing. By the time I made it to the bike rack the parade of
emergency vehicles had begun their assault on the situation. The lights
and sirens distracted me from entering my bike lock combination but soon
enough I was racing away from the school and towards Tractor Corpse.

Did i just accidentally killed someone? I couldnt stop thinking about
how everything had happened. There isnt a way to prove i had anything to
do with it unless someone had seen the tooth fly out of my mouth into
theirs. Sure they can probably get some of my DNA from the throat but
that could be explained by spit. Some could of came out while I was
yelling at the jerk. If im asked about anything that’s what ill say. I
was rehearsing my story for the third time when I seen the outline of
Tractor Corpse. Built in the twenties and broken in the sixties, Tractor
Corpse sat decaying over the years just five minutes away from the
entrance to the bike path. For decades all the local teens sprayed
graffiti on it or did something illegal here and I felt right at home.
It was a big old broken crane or something and I spent alot of time on
it or in the woods around it.

When i first started coming here id get pissed when someone else was
already here or spotted me first. To remedy that i had built a dugout
blind about 130 yards uphill of the Tractor Corpse so I could still see
it but have my privacy. And privacy is what I craved desperately at this
moment so I stashed my bike and climbed down into the hidden entrance.
Once inside I quickly made myself at home and flipped lanterns on and
took a seat.

(End of part 1)
