The poster by the door had leaked mud while we slept. Angie pulled at it
in the morning and wiped her fingers on the doorframe.

“I think the glue is reacting to the Landlord Special or something. Can
you pick up something for it on your way back today?”

“You can’t just tear it off?” I asked, pulling my pants on.

“I don’t want to ruin it,” Angie said. She was already halfway out the
door on her way to class. She slept in as late as she could because we
lived a ten-minute walk to campus, but her mornings were always rushed
because of it. “It’s a good poster,” she added, only her head around the
doorframe.

It was a poster for a true crime podcast she liked. She’d gotten it from
their website. A black, faceless silhouette in a chalk outline above the
podcast’s title.

“Okay, that’s fine. I’ll stop at the hardware store after work.”

“Thanks!” she said, disappearing into the hallway. “Love you! Oh! Sorry
about that.”

She had bumped into Olivia, who rented the apartment with us. Olivia
passed in front of the doorway and nodded at me before closing the door
to the bathroom across the hall. She’d apparently been on the rowing
team in undergrad but for some reason it didn’t pan out, so she just
worked odd hours at the city hall. We’d been living with her for most of
a year and she seemed pretty shy, which was fine by us. A cheap duplex
was hard to come by here, but at least there was no shortage of people
willing to fill a spot on a lease in a college town. 

“Love you!” I called to Angie, before the front door closed. I pulled on
the rest of my clothes and headed out, but not before examining the
poster a little more closely. Whatever was going on with it and the
paint behind it was creating a black, muddy sludge that was slowly
oozing down the wall.

I scraped at it with my fingernail, which was a mistake. The sludge
immediately got on my hands.

When I was younger, just learning to drive my parents’ car, they’d put
me to work doing grocery runs for them as my mom spent more time taking
care of my dad. One day, a plastic bag of mangoes had fallen out of the
grocery bag and rolled under the seat. Later, after a heat wave with the
family car parked on the street, I’d been losing my mind trying to
figure out where the sweet, rotten smell was coming from. Eventually, I
stuck my hand under the seat and into a runny mixture of mango and
plastic. The plastic had dissolved into the rotted fruit and the
cloying, rotten, metallic smell had stuck to my hands for weeks. Some
days, when it was hot, I thought I could still smell it.

The stuff coming from behind the poster reminded me a bit of that.
Except instead of the sickly-sweet smell of fruit mixed with the rot, it
smelled like damp wood and river mud. No mangoes here. I was further
than I’d ever been from the sunny streets of my childhood, but Angie and
I were determined to make ends meet here while she finished her degree.

I grabbed some paper towels from the kitchen and wiped up the sludge as
best I could.

When I was outside the building, I squatted down to rub my hand in a
patch of slush that hadn’t completely melted, but wasn’t yet brown with
the dirt and soot from passing cars. Still, the smell of rot followed me
to work. In the break room, I doused my hand in Simple Green, feeling
like a modern-day Lady Macbeth.

It was early in the evening when I got out of work, but the sun was
still setting as I trudged across the bridge back to our apartment. The
dark clouds were only broken by a few yellow-gray stripes. I was tempted
to linger on the bridge and look at the river and watch the view, but
the cold was making my face hurt. Days like this, I missed the more
consistent hours at the latitude I’d grown up in.

Angie got home shortly after I did. It seemed like we had the apartment
to ourselves, so she put on one of her podcast episodes while we cooked
and ate dinner. She liked her grisly stories, and this one was no
slouch - it was a murder that had happened in our neighborhood less than
a decade ago, before we’d moved here. 

We chopped vegetables while we listened to how the murderer stalked his
victim. Ground beef sizzled in the pan while the podcast hosts exchanged
astonished gasps at the methodology of the killer’s depravity, going so
far as to break into the victim’s apartment and steal from them shortly
before the killing.

Snow fell outside the window as we ate. The old radiator hissed in the
corner. The killer had inexpertly slit the victim’s throat and dumped
her in the river, but due to a freakish weather event the river was
still in the process of freezing, and the woman was still partially
alive. She had almost gotten to shore, bleeding profusely, but remained
half frozen in the water and half out of it. Her corpse was discovered
the next morning with frozen blood trailing from it like an oil spill,
smiling at the children skating on the frozen river like a grisly
mermaid.

A shadow moved across the table. I thought a man was in the room with us
for a second.

“Jesus!” Angie said, jolting in her seat.

But it was just the tall rowing-team frame of Olivia, who’d been home
this entire time, and had chosen this moment to enter the kitchen.

“Aah, sorry,” she said, laughing nervously, with her signature awkward
smile. “Hope I wasn’t interrupting anything.” 

She turned toward the fridge to get a glass of milk. I caught a glimpse
of her face’s unsmiling reflection in the window, illuminated by the
fridge light.

We finished eating in silence while she padded back in socks and
sweatpants to her room and shut the door. Her unexpected presence
reminded me of Angie running into her this morning.

“Ah, shit,” I said, “I forgot to get the cleaning stuff. Sorry about
that.”

“It’s okay,” Angie said. “You’ve had a long day.”

“We both have,” I said, clearing the table. “I’m just gonna head to bed
after this.”

“I’ll see you there when I finish this reading,” Angie said, already
setting out her book and notepad.

I gave her a peck on the cheek when I was finished with the dishes, and
retired to the bedroom to crawl into our narrow bed. The radiator had
heated the little room too well, so I cracked the window and turned away
from the streetlights to fall into a deep, dark sleep.

I was walking on a frozen river towards a large piece of wood. It was
pale and sun-bleached. As I neared it, its form slowly resolved. It was
not wood at all, but the contorted corpse of a woman, half-frozen in the
ice, arms and fingers bent at odd angles.

I didn’t know why, but I kept approaching her. Her pale fingers were red
at the tips from where she’d been clawing to remove herself from the
ice.

There was a crack. I looked down. The ice was thin here, and a hairline
fracture had appeared under my shoe. As I watched, it slowly traveled
over to the frozen figure.

When the fissure in the ice reached it, the body twitched, as if the
crack were a jolt of electricity re-animating it. Slowly, and then
faster, the fingers began to flex. The arms, half-wrapped around her
body, unfolded like those of a giant white spider, and her head turned
towards me. There were two grins - one on her face, and one great dark
gash along her throat.

They both opened wider as her arms reached out, and I fell backwards in
panic, landing hard on my back and knocking the wind out of myself. I
couldn’t breathe or move, but the frozen river surface tilted crazily,
sending me sliding towards the woman in the ice. She was emitting a
horrible death rattle, but one that went on far too long as the thing
like a cracked tree stump with two coals for eyes towered over me,
hissing and sputtering and gasping, and all I could do was lie on the
ice and wait for those twisted pale hands to reach me.

I opened my eyes to a dark room. The radiator in the corner was hissing
as steam rushed through its old valves. Streetlights through a frosty
window bathed the wall in a dim yellow glow. A dark figure stood above
me, and I smelled river mud.

“Hey,” she said softly, leaning in towards me and giving me a kiss on
the forehead. “Bedtime for me. Wow, you’re really warm. Want me to open
the window more?”

I just lay there, gasping for a few seconds, until I was able to talk.

“No, it’s okay,” I said, my heart still racing.

Angie crawled into bed next to me and fell asleep almost immediately.
Behind her, just illuminated by the edge of the light through the
window, a trail of black sludge was once again crawling out from behind
the poster.

“Do you know what song that is,” I asked my buddy Keith at work the next
day, “that goes like, uh, ‘She knows, she knows, she knows?’” I thumped
my chest in time to the half-remembered beat, like a heartbeat. “I think
it’s part of the chorus or something.”

Keith looked up from his phone and shook his head. “Sounds kinda
familiar, I guess. I’d probably know it if I heard it.”

“Hmm.”

I kept searching on my phone, but to no avail. I tried to wonder where
the lyrics had popped into my head from so suddenly. Maybe I had dreamed
them. I’d dreamed something last night, as I was falling asleep before
Angie got into bed, but I couldn’t remember what it was. Something about
the poster, maybe. I set a reminder on my phone to pick up the grease
remover when my shift was done.

My walk back from the hardware store after work took me along the river
path next to the bridge. Idly, I wondered when the river would freeze
over this year. That thought led me back to remembering the dream I’d
had late last night, about the woman who was stuck in the river as she
died. I had a brief flash of that image, the crack I’d made in the ice
racing towards her, white skeletal arms unfolding and reaching towards
me -

Someone grabbed my shoulder, hard, with sharp fingers. I jumped and
skipped forwards before I turned around, my heart racing, but it was
just a branch that had fallen off one of the winter trees from above me
and bounced off my shoulder on the way down. It lay inert, like a
severed hand, on the cobblestone path next to some piles of slush.

I looked back and forth along the path. This corner was isolated and
close to the water, so nobody saw my fit of idiocy. This would have been
a good place to dump a body, I thought morbidly. As I kept walking, I
pulled out my phone again to look up the details of the murder.

“Angie, you know where that woman from the podcast last night was
discovered in the water? I walked through the spot on my way home.”

“No way,” she said, looking up from her laptop from where she sat,
cross-legged, on the couch. “That’s kinda creepy. Did the spot feel
weird or anything?”

I hesitated, thinking about the branch that had grabbed my shoulder.

“Not really,” I said, still lost in thought.

“What’s that?”

“What?”

“The tapping on your chest.”

I looked down, surprised to notice that I’d been absentmindedly tapping
my chest with my knuckles to the same beat I was trying to describe to
Keith earlier in the day.

“Just a song stuck in my head.”

“How’s it go?”

“Uh,” I said, suddenly self-conscious standing in the middle of the
living room. “She knows, she knows, she knows.”

I tapped my chest again as I said it, in the heartbeat pattern, when
Olivia emerged from her room. She gave me a weird look as she passed
through the hallway and into the kitchen.

“Anyway. That’s the only part I know.”

Angie frowned. “Doesn’t ring a bell. Sounds like indie rock or something
though.”

“Yeah, I figured.” I hefted the bottle of cleaner that I’d remembered to
buy this time. “I’m gonna go clean up that wall.”

“Thank you! Let’s watch something when you’re done, I’m finishing up
here.”

I nodded and left the room to wipe down the wall.

The black stain had grown since I’d seen it last night. I cranked open
the window, hoping it was just an issue with the heat and humidity from
the radiator, and started scrubbing at it with the cleaning solution and
some paper towels. The poster was still in good condition, at least. The
eyes of the woman on it were bright against the silhouette of her
figure, and seemed to follow me around the room. A bit macabre to have
that on a true crime poster.

She knows, she knows, she knows, I repeated under my breath, as I
scrubbed the wall to the beat. 

After a while, Olivia came back from the kitchen, eating noodles
straight from a small pot she was carrying.

“Hey, you grew up here, right?” I asked halfheartedly, trying to defuse
the weirdness from earlier as I worked. “I passed by the spot where they
found that woman who got dumped in the river today, and a branch fell on
my shoulder. It was pretty creepy.”

“Oh. Yeah,” she said slowly. “I think I heard about that.”

Olivia gave me an odd look as I scrubbed and picked at the mud leaking
from behind the poster.

“You should be careful with that stuff,” she said, eventually. She took
her noodles into her room and shut the door. 

I looked down at the bottle of cleaner. It was advertised as non-toxic. 

Those were always the bullshit ones, I thought as I put it under the
kitchen sink and plopped down on the couch next to Angie. I didn’t want
to stink up our bedroom with toxic chemicals, but those were the only
real ones that got anything done. And better that than the near-constant
smell of moldy river sludge.

Right now, though, all I could think about was the smell of the
freshly-microwaved bowl of popcorn in Angie’s lap that she’d been
waiting for me to start on.

“New episode this week,” she said, closing her laptop and putting it on
the side table as she put a true crime show up on the TV.

I should add here that she watched and listened to other things pretty
regularly, but had just been getting into true crime this season as a
way to cope with the stress of her degree. Someone always had it worse.

I sat forward as the show progressed. In a strange coincidence, this
week’s episode was on the same murder that I’d just been talking about.
We took handfuls of popcorn as the TV set the stage - the victim was a
student at the college, the killer’s identity unknown save for one
unreliable witness’s description of a bulky man glimpsed under a
streetlight at the river. For all we knew, he was still at large.

Snow was falling against the windowpanes again as we watched, just like
the last night we’d learned about this over dinner. I leaned into Angie,
our tired eyes barely focusing on the screen. It felt like we were going
in circles, skating lines deeper and deeper into the ice. But she’d be
out of grad school soon, and then we’d move back to a city with
sunlight, where we could both get better jobs.

I slowly woke up in the darkness of our room. I didn’t even remember
getting into bed with Angie after falling asleep on the couch. There was
a sliver of light coming from under the door as Olivia stayed up doing
whatever it was she did. The poster, illuminated again by the yellow
streetlights under the window, quietly leaked its mud. 

The woman’s eyes stared out from it across the room, and I pulled my
head under the covers to shield myself from her gaze. I had the odd
sense then that the poster didn’t always have eyes like that, but I knew
that was stupid, and the product of a mind half-awake at the witching
hour.

Everything was silent under the snow as I tried to return to sleep. That
damned song was still stuck in my head. She knows, she knows, she knows.
My mind started involuntarily connecting experiences - learning about
the murder for the first time, the poster leaking mud, the branch
grabbing my shoulder, the dream. I’d opened up a crack that had linked
me to the corpse, and it had woken up and reached for me. The other show
episode tonight about the exact same murder, that might have even
occurred on the path that I walked on. She knows, she knows, she knows.
I felt the eyes of the poster boring into me through the covers and
rolled over to put an arm around Angie to reassure myself that there was
someone else alive and sane next to me. 

I lay there for countless minutes, feeling her breathe under my clammy
hand and staring out at the silent tableau outside the windows of
snow-covered tree branches like frozen pale white arms reaching out to
me. Eventually, I fell back into a deep, uncomfortable sleep.

By the morning, the trail of mud had reached the floor. More than that,
it had leaked under the door and started to spread across the hallway in
the direction of Olivia’s room.

“Gross,” said Angie. “Maybe we should just take the poster down.”

“I don’t know,” I said, locking eyes with the poster and then looking
away. I was afraid to disturb her any more. “I’ll try some stronger
cleaning stuff first.”

I stopped by the hardware store again after work, but took a different,
longer route back to our apartment to avoid the site of the murder. I
didn’t know what would await me there this time.

From what I could see from the bridge, the river was already starting to
freeze. It would probably be iced over tomorrow morning, just like the
murder. I couldn’t keep my mind off it. 

The sky was dark blue by the time I got home, and I was already dead
tired. I crawled into bed for a quick nap since Angie would be back from
campus soon. I’d wake up when she got home, and we’d make pasta and
watch a show or something.

There was no reprieve. My nightmare picked up where the last one left
off.

I was on my back on the ice, gasping for breath under the orange sky.
Above me, the body, silhouetted against the skeletal trees, reached out.
I was frozen with my arms half in the ice like she’d been, unable to
move, the cold air knifing down my throat like the inexpert slitting
that had been inflicted upon her.

But when the cold, bloody-tipped arms reached me, they didn’t grab me.
Instead, they pointed past me, to something I couldn’t see, but
something that had been lurking in my field of vision this entire time.
Something that was too big and up close to focus on properly. The gaping
mouth hissed under the black eyes and the jaw worked, like it was trying
to say something.

I awoke again, with the heater hissing in the corner and the tree
branches scraping at the window. I rolled over to check my phone and
turn on the light. I’d slept for longer than I’d meant to.

“Angie?” I called.

There was no response from the silent apartment. The echoes of my voice
were swallowed up by the stained carpeting. The heater was the only
thing to break the hush. I fumbled for my phone again. She should have
been home by now.

I had a text from her. Hey I left my laptop on campus, had to go back
for it :( You were asleep so Olivia offered to walk me. See you in a
bit!

The text was from an hour ago. I blinked and sat up in bed a bit more.
Her laptop…I had remembered seeing her put it on the side table by the
couch last night, and then I’d seen it this morning after she’d left,
when I was getting ready for work. I knew she hadn’t been back here
since, and she rarely took her personal laptop to campus.

It’s here, on the side table by the couch, I wrote back, but my thumb
hesitated over the send button. I swung my legs out of bed and padded
towards the hall. I had to double-check, for my own sanity.

The sludge had leaked further, down the wall and through the doorway. It
was spreading through the carpet. The outlined corpse on the poster
seemed to be mocking me about it, the outflung arm pointing almost back
through the paper in the direction of Olivia’s room where the stain was
headed.

In the living room, her laptop was nowhere to be found. Maybe Angie had
come back for it during the day. She was probably still out because she
couldn’t find where she’d left it on campus or something. I pulled up
the locator app on my phone that I’d been convincing Angie to set up on
her phone and searched for her laptop, so I could just text her which
building it was in.

Instead, the GPS showed it nearby, in our unit. Angie had moved it back
to our room and forgotten, I thought, following the directional
indicator back out of the living room and down the hall. But when I
reached our doorway and my feet squelched in the wet, mud-smelling rug,
the indicator turned me in the opposite direction, where the woman on
the poster was pointing.

Towards Olivia’s dark, locked door.
