My name is Shinobu. I was 17 years old when this all occurred. My family
had moved to the U.S from Osaka Japan just two years prior and I had
been a student of Grayburn Highschool for a year and a half. 

The move felt abrupt and I did not fully understand why my parents chose
to come here. All I could focus on at the time was how I would be losing
all of my close friends and how difficult making new ones would be. I
heard people in the U.S. did not have the same morals or values that my
family and I had in Japan. Rumors of blatant rudeness and unhygienic
behavior filled my head. I had it made up in my mind that I would not
fit in. 

My parents insisted on me taking English lessons so I could better
communicate with others given the circumstances. My father was
persistent in encouraging me to complete my daily lessons as he insisted
it would help me make friends. In spite of his efforts, I often
neglected the chore that was learning a new language. I whined and I
pleaded and did everything in my power to convince my parents not to go
but the decision was made and there was nothing I could do. 

Time passed, I adjusted the best I could, and to my surprise, I was able
to find a group of girls I could fit in with, even if it was small.
Although I was initially worried my broken English would impact my
ability to socialize, as fate would have it, I found my clique. 

I connected well with one girl in particular. Her name was Rose. She had
short red hair, dark purple glasses, freckles sprinkled across her nose
and cheeks, and she typically wore vibrant outfits with large decals. 

Rose knew just about everybody and went out of her way to introduce me
to anybody she could. She made making new friends more exciting rather
than daunting. 

I was halfway through my second school year when my father passed away.
The mangled and burned state his body was in after the accident made
deciding what to do with his corpse or even how it ought to be moved
difficult. Details of the crash probably should have been kept from my
ears but my mother did not seem to see the issue with telling me in
explicit detail everything the authorities had described. 

His limbs were snapped and contorted into awkward positions. His eyes
were dislodged from their sockets. Several tendons were either severed
or holding on by thin threads. His spine was broken and pierced his skin
in a few places. The vehicle caught fire effectively cooking him alive
while he remained constrained in the most uncomfortable position
possible. 

Since the accident, “a good night’s rest” felt impossible. Insomnia is
not something I had struggled with before. I used to sleep very well
although I couldn’t remember exactly what that felt like anymore. The
lack of sleep was weighing on me mentally and physically. The
hallucinations began just a few days after my first troubled night which
was only a couple days after my father’s passing. I was afraid of
everything. You could say I was afraid of my own shadow. Nighttime felt
daunting and overshadowed my days as no matter how good things might
have been going, lingering in the back of my head, I knew I would be
forced to confront my biggest fear every night, my mind. 

Maintaining friendships had become particularly difficult as finding the
energy to socialize felt like a chore. My thoughts felt as though they
didn’t fit in my brain. Attempting to explain my condition to anyone
infuriated me more than anything else. People did not understand, they
couldn’t. Maybe it wasn’t their fault. They would suggest thoughtless
solutions as if I had not thought of them already which only agitated me
more. (Yes, I’ve tried sleeping pills, no, they do not work. Yes, I’ve
tried adjusting my sleep schedule, no, nothing changes.) 

In school, my vision was blurry.  People’s words blended together into
slurries of unidentifiable verbal vomit. Sometimes my eyes would water
uncontrollably. Not necessarily because I was sad, but because I was
afraid. I had been afraid before, but this sense of dread and
helplessness scared me to tears. 

The sloppy vertical gashes down my forearms condemned me to dawn long
sleeve sweaters every day regardless of the temperature outside. It
seemed my condition went unnoticed by my mother which could be
infuriating at times, but I’m sure her grief clouded her vision too much
for her to notice. Or perhaps she just didn’t want to. 

I came home from school an hour or so late one day after a few friends
and I stopped at the mall to pick up some things for the party that
weekend. As emotionally demanding as a party sounded at that moment,  my
best friend Rose suggested it would help take my mind off of everything.
In spite of my efforts to decline her invitation, her constant nagging
led to my reluctant acceptance.

I entered my home with two bags containing snacks, board games, an ouija
board, and an autumn scarf Rose insisted “brought out my eyes.” Although
I had no say in what we purchased, I was chosen to keep the supplies at
my house for the time being. 

My mother sat at our kitchen table which was in line with the front
door. Her head was down but she lifted it upon hearing my arrival. The
dim light hanging above the table illuminated her face just enough so I
could tell she had been crying. All of the lights in my home desperately
needed changed but as you can imagine my mom had not been keen on
upkeeping our home. I have been responsible for the dishes, cleaning,
the bills, etc. 

“Where were you?” My mother’s voice was deep, her tone insisted that she
had been missing me quite a bit. “Just out with some friends getting
stuff for the party on Saturday. You remember.” My mother had no
response. I’m not sure that she cared where I had been or where I was
going, she was just relieved she wasn’t alone in the house anymore. 

I moved closer to the table, the closer I got, the more I could see my
mother’s face and the less I could recognize her. “Did you end up going
to that support group thing your friend suggested?” I asked her. It took
her a moment to respond but a subtle “no” inevitably left her mouth. 

Internally I felt frustrated. It felt like I was the only one of us
making an effort to make things better. My blood boiled but before I
walked out of the kitchen I stopped, turned around, and faced my mother.
“You know…I do a lot around here. More than I should have to. I don’t
mind helping out, if anything I enjoy helping you. But I…I feel like I’m
alone, like, if I wasn’t here you would just fall apart.  I miss him
too, you know. I mean, have you given any thought to how this might be
affecting me? Like I-“ my mother interrupted my lecture abruptly. “I
knew him much longer than you did. I knew him better than you ever did.
I knew him in ways you never could. He was everything to me and I’d do
anything to bring him back.” My mother did not look at me while she said
this. She remained staring down at the table in front of her. Her voice
felt unforgiving and honest. Each word that left her mouth carried an
indescribable wave of grief. It was as though I could physically feel
her soul screaming in agony with every breath. My mother’s next words
cut into my heart. 

“I’m not sure I want to be here anymore.” 

My head felt heavy and my stomach empty. I was convinced I was either
going to throw up or pass out. Her statement proved what I had already
known to be true, my mother had given up. It was like without my father
she had no reason to keep going, even with me here. At that moment I
wanted to scream “what about me mom? I’m still here! Don’t you want to
be here for me? See me graduate, see me achieve great things, see me
make you proud?” However, all I could do was leave the bags on the table
and walk away. As I walked away, I could hear my mother mumble under her
breath

 “I don’t want to be here” 

“I’d do anything to bring him back.” 

When I made it up to my room, I locked my door and crashed down on my
bed. Tears engulfed my face although my expression remained unaltered.
Nothing surprised me anymore. This pain was constant and unrelenting. I
felt out of place in my own bedroom. I looked around and noticed old
hobbies and interests that no longer belonged to my character. My Koto
remains untouched in the corner of my room, an empty chair at my desk
where I used to draw, posters of my favorite music groups whereas now
music would only bring me irritation. I could not indulge in hobbies
because when I began to enjoy something, I felt that there was something
more productive I could be doing. I hadn’t  eaten in two days. My
stomach had stopped growling, perhaps it knew food was not coming. The
emptiness was abundantly apparent regardless. The physical pain gave me
something else to focus on. In a strange way, it was comforting. It’s
one of those things you could not possibly fathom unless you were in my
position. Some of the things I had done may seem illogical to the
average person, but to me, it was an outlet to feel again. 

I had developed the habit of leaving my bedroom lights on while I slept.
Although not much, it gave me a sliver of comfort. My mind would wonder
too much in the dark. That night I made an effort to pick up a book. My
mind felt so agitated i struggled to concentrate. I had to keep
rereading the same page over and over again because I could not for the
life of me pay attention or retain any information from the novel.
Reading, what used to be one of my favorite pastimes, felt tedious and
pointless. Casting my book to the side I opted for opening my phone
instead. Eventually I passed out after who knows how long of scrolling
through instagram.

Sometime in the middle of the night I had been woken up to the creaking
of my bedroom door. I am a very light sleeper so that was enough to
startle me awake. Naturally I felt uneasy but more annoyed than anything
as I had been woken up. I turned to my door, it had been opened but only
by a thin margin. The hallway light was on which allowed me to notice
shadows of something or someone moving underneath the door. I assumed it
was my mother, maybe she was just checking on me, I thought at the time.
I closed my eyes and tried to fall back asleep.

My eyes widened as I heard a click. My room was now pitch black. I
clamped my eyes shut so hard that if I had opened them I would’ve seen
spots. I clenched my blanket and remained frozen, supine in my bed. I
felt a sickness creep from my knees into my stomach. My head and limbs
felt so heavy, like my body was sinking into my bed. I heard another
click but I could tell, even without opening my eyes, that my bedroom
lights were still off. It must have been the hallway’s. It sounded like
my door had opened again followed by heavy thuds and creaking
floorboards seemingly moving from my bedroom door to my closet. With
each noise I heard, I prayed that it would be the last. I hoped that the
noises would stop and I could just fall back asleep. 

Sounds of rummaging in my closet is what followed. Somehow, I managed to
work up the courage to open my eyes. Perhaps I figured whatever was
actually happening would be better than what I was imagining in my head.
I rotated my head to the left so I was facing my closet. My closet doors
had slats from top to bottom which allowed me to notice two eyes looking
back at me from inside. They were wide and although the darkness made it
impossible to make out any facial expression, whatever it might have
been, it caused her eyes to widen to an absurd extent. I remained
staring for a moment before closing my eyes tightly, once again facing
the ceiling, trying my absolute hardest to fall asleep. I kept my eyes
shut as I heard the closet door open slowly. I couldn’t help but flinch
as she sprinted out of the closet to the other side of my room. Her
footsteps were more like stomps and the outdated floorboards let out
deafening screeches as she lunged across my room. My eyes remained
closed. I just tried to pretend I was asleep the best I could. 

“I know you’re awake.” She called out to me from the corner of my room.
Her voice was soft and expressionless. She spoke fast and almost in a
whisper . I sat with her words for a moment, confused, but scared more
than anything. Several minutes passed before I heard her call out to me
again. “I know you’re awake .” Only this time she was much closer. Her
face must have been right up against the foot of my bed as I could feel
her breath on my feet as she spoke. Her voice was deeper, almost
masculine and much more demanding this time. She wanted to make her
presence apparent, it was as if she wanted me to be afraid. Chills crept
from my ankles to my shins, then to my thighs, then to my chest and
finally to my face. My mouth felt numb, my eyes watered, making it more
uncomfortable to keep them closed, and goosebumps engulfed my body
creating a heavy blanket of constant restraint and discomfort. The air
around me felt like a holding cell. There was a part of me that wanted
to jump out of bed and run out of the room but the thoughts of what
might happen if I tried were too haunting for me to budge. My bed shook
as if something had climbed on top of it. I felt pressure on the bed
just to the right of my hip followed by pressure to my left. Though not
audible, I could feel a faint breath reaching my face. It was morbidly
warm with surprisingly no scent, although my stuffy nose was preventing
me from smelling much of anything. Naturally my face twitched as I felt
something wet drip onto my chin and roll off my face. 

That’s the last thing I could remember from that night. The next day I
woke up in my bed with my bedroom lights on. I had convinced myself it
must have just been another nightmare which didn’t seem too far fetched
as my nightmares were often lucid and painfully realistic. 

My eyes felt heavy as if I had barely slept the night prior. I rolled
out of bed and examined my room thoroughly. I made my way over to my
closet, peaked in for a moment without opening the doors and closed the
slats on each one. I considered opening my closet but the irrational
thought of  my mother lunging out at me after opening it was enough to
prevent me from doing so.

 Nothing seemed to be out of place so I got ready for school and headed
downstairs. I called out to my mother to let her know I was headed to
the bus stop but I received no response, in fact, I had not seen her at
all that morning. 

I usually woke up late for school with little time to pick out a proper
outfit which would often leave me feeling self conscious about what I
wore in comparison to the other girls. That day I had worn a plain gray
shirt with three buttons at the top, a dark blue sweater with two red
stripes at the top of each sleeve and cargo pants that had been shrunken
in the wash. I remember that detail as I had been constantly pushing my
pants down to cover my ankles. 

When I was nervous, I would sweat which would only make me feel more
insecure.I was never that shy before. I wasn’t exactly one of the
popular girls, but I could hold my own and I was confident enough in
myself. I was never an outcast, not like Milo. 

Milo was frequently bullied and when he wasn’t, people would make jokes
about him behind his back. He was a short, scrawny boy. Riddled with
acne, dawning cartoonishly large glasses and outfits I can only assume
his mother picked out for him, he was the perfect target. I am not proud
to admit that I too indulged in laughing at him at times. 

After everything with my dad, I felt myself relating more to Milo.
Although I wasn’t bullied the same way he was, I related to his
loneliness. Although I still had my friends, it didn’t feel like they
were really mine. I felt invisible, like they could hardly see me at
all. 

At lunch, most of the girls in my grade sat at one table. It was long
and with the addition of a few extra chairs most of us could fit. That
day during lunch, two girls, Jenny and Kaleigh walked over to Milo’s
table where he sat with the other ‘outcasts’ and invited him over to
ours. Milo smiled and looked happy he was being included. “How can he
not see that they’re teasing him?” I remember thinking to myself. 

Milo sat at our table. He sat in between Kaleigh and I.  The remarks
started out innocent enough. 

 “So what do you have for lunch today Milo?”

“What class are you coming from Milo?”

It didn’t take long before that was no longer amusing to them. The
teasing began. 

“Did your mommy dress you this morning Milo?”

“So which boy are you planning on taking to prom Milo?” 

Some girls started snickering and some started whispering to one
another.  Milo realized they only invited him over for their amusement
at his expense so he started to get up. Before he could, Kaleigh grabbed
his arm and began insulting him. Although I can’t remember exactly what
she had said, it was something along the lines of: “You really are a
fucking loser aren’t you? Have you ever seen yourself?” 

Milo’s eyes began to fill with tears. Although he very well could’ve
pulled away, he didn’t. It was as if he was frozen in embarrassment. Her
words turned into noise, my vision began to go blurry. I felt so angry.
I clenched my fists and gritted my teeth. My hands were shaking with
rage. I was mad at the girls, I was mad at myself for never sticking up
for him before, I was mad at my mother, I was mad at the world for
taking away my dad, and eventually I released it all. 

I stood up, grabbed my metal lunch box which I had decorated with
butterfly and flower magnets, and stepped to Kaleigh. She was smiling so
hard, still recovering from laughing at Milo as he finally retreated
back to his table. Her smile dissipated when she saw my expression. I
swung my lunch box as hard as I could at her face and I didn’t stop
swinging. Her nose was effectively broken by the second swing and it
must have been by the sixth or seventh when she lost consciousness. 

I stopped swinging when she stopped moving. Everyone at the table sat in
shock, staring at me petrified. It didn’t take long for a bystanding
teacher to run over and grab me. I remember standing there shocked
myself. Splatters of blood across my arms and face. Some even got stuck
in my hair. The metallic taste was overwhelming. Through my blurry
vision I could just make out the shape of Kaleigh lying there motionless
on the ground along with the colors of her once vibrant attire now
stained in dark red. 

I was, of course, suspended indefinitely until the principal could speak
with my mother as well as Kaleigh’s parents and the authorities to
discuss further action. I sat patiently outside the principal’s office
after the school nurse cleaned me up, assuming my mother would arrive
any moment to pick me up. The principal informed me that after several
attempts, he was not able to get a hold of my mother. He told me that
the authorities may have to “look after me” if my mother continued to be
unresponsive. 

After he went back inside, I decided to get up and leave. I remember
just wanting to be home in my bed at that moment. This whole ordeal was
the last thing my mother needed and I felt like I failed her. I let my
emotions get the best of me. In trying so hard to do the right thing, I
just messed things up even more. 

After what felt like the longest walk of my life, I reached my house.
Using the spare key kept under the doormat, I entered my dimly lit home.
I marched upstairs to my bedroom and sat down on my bed facing my
closet. 

I must have passed out not long after because the next thing I knew, I
woke up to my phone reading 11:30pm.

 I sat up, rubbing my face in the process trying to collect my thoughts.
I sat for a moment looking off into space. My closet door opened slowly,
barely making a sound. I watched in awe as my mother stretched her pale,
lanky leg out of my closet. She stepped out just enough so she could
read the light switch. She was wearing a tank top and shorts which both
appeared to be wet, presumably drenched in sweat. Her skin appeared
leathery, as if she had aged thirty years over night. She stared right
at me as she moved. Her expression was blank but her eyes were wide.
There appeared to be some kind of markings on her face although I didn’t
have long to make out every detail before she put me back in the dark.
With a click everything was pitch black. I remained frozen, sitting up
on my bed. I remember shaking uncontrollably. 

Slowly, my vision began adjusting to the darkness. I could make out more
and more of my surroundings. I looked towards the closet. My mother must
have crawled back inside as the door was now shut with a few slats
seemingly open. 

My bedroom door was wide open and everything in my body was telling me
to run out but I felt like my bed was holding onto me. I tried my best
to work up the courage in my mind but I just couldn’t. Every second that
passed felt like eternity. I kept imagining her lunging out at me as
soon as I began to move. 

I stared at that closet for several minutes rationing my blinks. My legs
had fallen asleep as they were dangling off of my bed. My hands at my
sides felt like they were sinking into my mattress. I moved my tongue
around in my mouth reigniting that now faint, metallic taste. 

My whole body jumped as I felt a wetness hit the top of my head, then
another drop, followed by another. I snapped my head up so I could see
my ceiling. My mother was above me. Her limbs were contorted and spread
wide as she held on. She looked like a spider stalking its prey. She
made no sound. Her face still expressionless with drool slipping out of
her mouth, now onto my face. The areas around her mouth and eyes were
black. Her eyes were so wide and at this distance, it looked like she
was straining her eyes to a painful extent. 

I jumped off of my bed and ran for the door. My legs felt like jelly. I
gritted my teeth, did my best to see through my teary eyes, and sprinted
with everything I had to reach that door. 

I made it into the hallway, swung myself around the banister and ran
down the stairs, skipping several steps in the process. I could’ve swore
I felt another set of footsteps just behind mine but I sure as hell
wasn’t going to turn around to check. 

I slammed into my front door. I desperately scrambled to unlock and open
it. I swung the door open and ran out onto my front yard.

It wasn’t until I made it across the street to my neighbor’s mailbox
that I looked back at my house. The door was wide open and I waited
eagerly in anticipation for my mother to run out after me…but she never
did. 

I left my phone in my room so I knocked on the door of every house in my
neighborhood until someone finally answered and agreed to call the
authorities. 

The police arrived and naturally, they never found my mom. Even after an
extensive search, nothing turned up except for some dead animals in the
basement. 

I was later sent to live with my grandmother on my dad’s side. Kaleigh’s
family never pressed charges, although I did have to finish my junior
and senior year at a different school. 

It has been years since then and I never received any form of closure
for what happened to my mother. It was as if she had disappeared into
thin air. I am happy to say I no longer struggle with insomnia.
Although, I will have the occasional nightmare of my mom watching me
from my closet, crawling on all fours around my room, or spying on me
from the corners of my ceiling like a spider. 

They’re only dreams though. 

Just dreams.
