I looked around the main room. It was still busy, but since it was later
in the day, the crowd mostly consisted of students, employees, or old
couples reading together. I was sorting returned books when Aiko asked
if I could take her shift. I internally winced at the thought. I had
never been in the library past closing and never planned to. Just the
idea of being in the library when no one else was there made the feeling
of dread wash over me. I looked at her, unsure. She could see my
apprehension, and her expression changed to something I couldn’t read. 

“Would I be…alone?”

Her mood changed almost instantly, realizing why I was hesitant. “No, of
course not, dear; don’t you worry about that.”

She asked me again if I would take her shift. Unable to stand the
conversation, I promised I’d take it. “Oh, such a gentleman,” she said,
tapping my hand. I smiled and turned back to the cart silently, praying
she’d walk away. As her footsteps faded, I let out a long breath and
cursed at myself for giving in so easily. All I had to say was no. 

Hastily, I snuck a headphone in and wasted time slowly putting books
back until I ran out and had to start my journey back to the front desk.
I had just turned the corner when my eyes drifted to the far end, where
a girl and her friends stood in the elevator ahead of me. Miyuki looked
up at me, her demeanor instantly shifting into one of sadness and
embarrassment. I looked down at my feet, sharing the feeling. I smiled
disingenuously and waited until the elevator doors closed. My shoulders
sank, and I went back to the stairs, trying to forget the whole
incident. I emotionally readied myself to walk down the stairs with my
cart when a hand landed on my shoulder.

I jumped back, looking around like a feral animal trapped in a corner. I
ripped my headphones out, hearing complete silence. Clouds drifted over
the sun, painting the room in darkness. I stared into the shadows; the
empty room stared back. It felt like minutes until the sun shone
brightly through the window again, allowing me to realize just how alone
I was. My heavy breathing echoed across the floor, only serving to taunt
me. Looking down the stairs, the path turned to shadow. Was it worse to
go down or stay put? My blood turned to ice as the feeling of eyes on me
crept up my spine. I thought I knew what I felt, but I convinced myself
otherwise to calm down. 

“I’m just on edge,” I whispered to myself, my headphones inches from my
ear.

Ring Ring

The sounds of the bells faintly echoed through the room. I ran down the
stairs, tripped over myself, and started to slip; I grabbed the railing
next to me, letting go of my hold on the cart. My arm stretched out, but
it was already too far. The cart violently rammed into the curved walls
as it fell and quickly dropped out of sight. I panicked and pulled
myself up. No matter how fast I ran, I couldn’t quite reach it. The
platform on the second floor was my only hope.

I turned the last corner but saw nothing. The silence in the stairwell
came to my immediate attention. Craning my neck, I tried to look down
past the platform, but the cart was nowhere in view. I braced myself
slightly, looking around me, wondering where the cart could have gone. I
spoke aloud in confusion and disbelief, wondering whether I had lost my
mind. I continued running down the stairs to the bottom floor; the cart
wasn’t here either. 

I was too out of breath. I leaned on my knees, trying to collect my
thoughts, but my mind was racing, and I couldn’t find an explanation. I
couldn’t think. Through my pounding heart, I heard banging from behind
me. The cart crashed at the bottom of the stairs, echoing the clash of
metal on metal through the library. I looked at the cart, my jaw hanging
open slightly. Tomoko came up behind me, demanding an answer as to why a
cart was flying down the stairs.

“I left it by the stairway; a guest must have accidentally bumped it.”

She took a deep breath before waving me away to the front desk as she
went to find any damage on the cart. I watched people check out or
return their books, though my mind was replaying my accident on the
stairs. Did I pass the cart? No, I know I didn’t. How could I have? But
I had to; there was no other way for it to end up behind me. 

The sun fell just above the building tops, sending long golden streaks
of sunlight through the window and onto my face; it tore me from my
thoughts. I realized how late it was. My mind felt like a broken record,
which only made my head hurt. The sunlight warmed my skin until
eventually it disappeared, and I was left in the manufactured white glow
of the lights above me. 

Hoping to find something entertaining, I glanced outside. The street was
empty and dark, but I could still faintly see the lights from the
station not too far away. I pushed myself off the counter and slowly
walked to the front doors. The night was clear, and the moon cast
strong, dark shadows around me. I put my hand on the door; the metal was
cold against my skin. Everything was so quiet, too quiet, so absent from
life; no voices echoing through the rooms, no cars driving on the
street. I felt so alone. I sat there for a few minutes, wondering if I
had made a mistake. My eyelids grew heavy, and I knew if I stood there
any longer, I would fall asleep. 

I sat in a small, squeaky chair at the front desk and put my headphones
in, drowning out the absence of people. I didn’t know what I was
supposed to do, so I was forced to wait for someone to come. Maybe no
one else was? It was 8:00 pm; someone should have been there. I tucked
my head between my hands and shut my eyes tightly when the loud bang of
the back doors swinging open echoed through the library. Takato and a
security guard walked in. Takato grabbed the closest chair next to him
and sat. His gaze slowly lifted from his phone to me. His eyes widened
with slight surprise.

“Uh, hey…where’s Aiko?” he asked nonchalantly, though I could hear the
sense of concern in his voice.

“She’s out; she asked me to cover for her,” I said, pausing my music.

“Ah,” he said, leaning back in his chair.

“Ah.” I repeated

He laughed nervously before looking back down at his phone and slipping
it into his pocket. We sat silently for a short time before he spoke,
asking me how my day was. I said it was fine, and he continued to ask me
how I felt about some of the classes we share. I wasn’t sure why he was
trying to talk so much; he always ignored me at school. I leaned forward
in my seat and avoided eye contact. He talked for a while, but I tried
to keep my answers short; he caught on to this and eventually shot up
from his chair. I shifted my eyes from my phone to him; he ran his
fingers through his black hair and grinned nervously.

“Yes?” I asked quietly.

“I’m just going to lock the basement; I’ll be right back.”

He started to walk away before I softly jingled the keys he had left on
the desk. He apologized, embarrassed, and took them before walking off.
His footsteps slowly withered to faint taps until I was back in silence
once again. My posture slumped, and I let my brain relax as I watched
the lights sway slowly, drifting me further from consciousness. I rested
my cheek on my palm, thinking to myself. I shouldn’t be up this late. I
hardly got any sleep last night, but at least it was the weekend. I wish
I had said no. I want to go home. I want a break.

I leaned my head against the desk and looked down at my lap. Realizing I
was subconsciously bouncing my leg, I pulled my headphones back out. My
eyelids felt heavy, and I closed my eyes. I didn’t even know he worked
here, I thought. Talking to Takato was no easy task, but maybe he’s
different outside of school. I mean, he did seem off. No matter how
little we really knew each other, I’d much rather have a stranger around
than be the only one here. Opening my eyes again, I found myself staring
at my shoes below me. I must’ve nodded off, because when I looked up,
Takato was sitting next to me, writing something down on a small piece
of paper. 

“Tired?” He asked, poking me slightly. 

I shrugged. He offered to let me sleep more, but I said it felt wrong
making him do everything by himself. He smiled to himself and nodded
before looking back down at some papers on the counter.

“Since you’re so persistent in helping, we can start returning books
upstairs.”

“Ok.”

He stuffed his phone in his pocket, and we walked to the elevator. I
wanted to avoid that situation, but, unwilling to speak up, I walked in
quietly and leaned back against the wall. I had never been in an
elevator that slow; it felt like a minute had passed, and we were only
reaching the top of the first floor. I looked back at Takato to see that
he was already looking at me. I quickly averted my gaze to my shoes and
tried to keep it there. 

The smell of fresh flowers filled the elevator as we started to pass the
third floor but faded as fast as it had appeared. When we reached the
fourth floor, the elevator shook violently, and I lost my step a bit.
The smell was much less pleasant here; usually it smelled somewhat nice,
but then it just smelled like cardboard and copper. The air was thick
and hot, which only made the stench worse. I looked at Takato, who
shared my thoughts. The floor was so empty. It felt wrong to be in a
place where people were meant to be. It was hot and quiet, the silence
broken by our slow-paced footsteps. After some time putting books away,
Takato came up beside me, striking up conversation.

“I heard something happened between you and Miyuki?” He said, leaning
against the shelf beside us.

“…Yeah, we haven’t talked in a while.”

His expression changed. “I’m sorry, do you mind me asking why?”

“No, it’s just, I don’t know, she—”

“You ask her out?”

“No, she did.”

“And you rejected her?”

“Yes.”

“Why?”

“I, I don’t know; it’s not like there’s something wrong with her. It’s
not like…she’s just a friend.”

“I understand.”

I nodded, embarrassed. He looked away before sitting at the table beside
me.

“It’s not the end of the world; I’ve rejected people before.”

“Did she ignore you after?”
 
“They did
not.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

He looked at me for a while, trying to read my countenance, waiting for
a response, but when I didn’t give one, he changed the subject.

“How’s the day shift?”

“It’s definitely better.”

“It’s definitely not.”

“Doesn’t your schedule interfere with track?”

“I make it work; I wish I had been able to work this late before our
last year.”

“Don’t you like people actually being in the library during the day?”

He smiled. “I don’t know; it’s nice not having people around.”

“Really? I never took you as the introverted type; you seem so outgoing
at school.”

“No, I like being around people, but sometimes I need a break from
everyone.”

“Sorry for being in the way of that.” I joked.

“No, I like your company.” His lips curled into a soft smile. He brushed
his hair back before leaning on the cart I was holding. “I can say I
admittedly miss seeing the sun during my shifts, though.” 

He smiled as if he were saying something secretive, moving in closer to
me as he spoke. I moved in closer in response. His eyes reflected the
bright moon from the windows behind us. I couldn’t help but stare.

“The moon’s not so bad,” I said.

“No?” 

He placed his hand next to mine. My muscles tensed, and I moved back
quickly. Takato looked at me, confused. I opened my mouth to speak but
was hit with a wave of dizziness. I tripped forward, grabbing the cart
to hold myself up. The room seemed to spin. I shut my eyes, putting my
hand to my head, hoping to prevent a headache. A sting underneath my
skin came to my attention, which only grew stronger. Takato grabbed my
shoulder.

“Are you alright?” 

His worried voice poked through my cluttered thoughts, but I couldn’t
bring myself to look at him. He tried to pull me up. I looked at him
between my fingers before lowering my hand to my side, realizing how
stupid I must have looked. “Yeah, sorr—”

A crunch under my shoe caught my attention. On the floor was a flower. I
squinted, confused about how this possibly could have gotten here. In my
hands, it seemed to crumble like it was dead, but it seemed so fresh;
you would have thought it had just bloomed. I dropped it on the floor,
realizing it left a strange residue on my hand. I wiped it off,
disgusted, and sat up.

Ring Ring

The sound of a bell ringing echoed from the dark, louder than it had
before. 

“Weird.” He said.

“Weird? That’s all?”

“Yeah, I mean that flower could have gotten here anytime.”

“I mean, yeah, but what about the bell?”

“Bell?”

I looked at him, confused, but said nothing as I watched him walk off. I
felt naked standing alone and quickly ran up next to him. Turning
through the shelves, I couldn’t help but notice how monochrome
everything looked in the moonlight. We roamed through the halls of
tiles, mindlessly returning books to their places. I watched my shoes
hit the floor with every step, listening to the rolling of the cart. I
wanted to unwind, to relax with this boring task, but every turn I took,
I expected to see someone on the other side. I felt like he wanted to
say something but didn’t. I stalled for a moment, waiting until he was
beside me. He pulled a small slip of paper out of his pocket.

“I figured you would need this if you wanted to keep talking.”

Unfolding the paper revealed his phone number. A nervous smile crept on
my face, and I felt my cheeks heat up. My stomach turned, and I
shamefully shifted my gaze down to my hands.

“I guess that’s true,” I said, sliding the paper into my pocket.

“What’s wrong?”

“Huh?”

“You look upset.”

I shook my head. “It’s nothing; I just—are you sure you never heard a
bell ringing? It was definitely loud enough for you to hear.”

He looked at me, confused, shaking his head lightly. “Never heard it,”
he said, half smiling.

My face sank a little. “Oh…”

“I think you’re letting this place get to you; did you get any sleep
today?”

“Not really… You’re right, I’m probably just tired.”

“Do you want to sit for a while? Get a snack?”

“Sure.”

A little disheartened, I followed him across the floor to one of the
vending machines in the far corner. Takato quietly looked at the snacks
in the vending machine before picking something, sitting on the floor,
and resting on the coffee table between us. He slid a canned drink to
me.

“Besides the mystery noises, is the night shift as bad as you thought it
was?”

“It’s creepy.”

“I said, besides the mystery noise.”

“It’s still creepy.”

I slid off the chair and sat at the coffee table, taking one of his
chips.

“Think you’ll ever work nights again?” He leaned forward, sliding the
bag a little closer to me.

“I’m not so sure; the night’s been weird.”

“That’s fine; maybe we can hang out somewhere else?”

“Anywhere else would be better.”

“Maybe a movie?”

“I wouldn’t mind, just maybe not a horror movie, at least not for a
while.”

He smiled before something flipped, and he looked back down at his
hands. “I’m sorry we never really got to know each other earlier.” He
said, his voice nervously shaking.

His words caught me off guard. “It’s fine; it’s not your fault we
weren’t friends.”

There was a long pause after that. He took a deep breath. “I don’t just
mean as friends.”

“…I don’t understand.”

“I like you… I like being around you. I like thinking about you; you’re
constantly on my mind. I nearly had a heart attack when I saw you
sitting across from me tonight. I’ve been so worried about telling you
to the point that I avoided you. I was so terrified of rejection that I
never even tried, but tonight, talking to you, I think you feel the
same—”

“Why would you think that?” I interrupted defensively.

Feel the same, feel the same? What had I done to make him think I had
feelings for him? 

What little confidence he had dwindled like a flame in water. He slowly
lifted his eyes to meet mine. They were glossy, and his face was red. It
felt wrong to say that, to make him feel like that; I felt bad, which
only made me more defensive.

“Why would I have feelings for you… You’re delusional,” I stuttered.

He sat in silence before standing. “Just forget I said anything.” He
said before walking past me. 

I looked down at my shoes, telling myself I didn’t care about his
feelings. It’s not my fault he felt like that; it’s not my fault I was
just being honest. What was I supposed to do, tell him I like him? But I
didn’t; I couldn’t. A throbbing pain in my head pulled me away from my
thoughts. My stomach twisted, and my chest felt tight; I felt sick. I
needed to sit down. I was sitting down. I covered my eyes, holding my
head tightly. I heard a thud and looked up to see Takato sitting on the
floor, crawling away from something around the corner. Rushing to his
side, I picked him up and looked around the corner. On the other side of
the wall was a staircase. One that had never been in this part of the
library. The stairwell was curved, making anything above the twelfth
step buried in shadows. 

“What the fuck is that?”

I took a few steps forward, leaning into its archway. A small breeze,
accompanied by the floral scent from before, brushed past me. Flowers
were stuck along the walls, but I couldn’t see how far they went. The
archway felt cold; the carving on the stones looked too intricate for
something in a library like this. It seemed to be placed in one of the
most inconvenient places, as if it had been added as a second thought.
Every inch of my body told me this was wrong, and I stepped away from it
instinctively. I ran back to the nearest pillar. Section 20-24A: We were
exactly where I thought we were, but it felt completely unfamiliar. What
the hell was going on? 

Ring Ring

I turned back and saw Takato facing the staircase, his posture stiff. I
walked closer; he took a step forward onto the staircase. I ran up and
grabbed his arm, pulling him back much harsher than I should have.

“We don’t know what the fuck that is; don’t go up there.”

His eyes lingered on the stairs for a few seconds before they turned to
me. “What?”

I pulled my hand back quickly, noticing his underlying, irritated
demeanor. “I’m not letting you go up there.” I finally blurted out.

“No, I wasn’t going to; I didn’t want to follow you.”

I squinted my eyes. “Follow me?”

“You went up the stairs; at least I thought you did. I swear I watched
you walk up it.”

I looked back up the staircase, into complete darkness.

“Do you hear that?” I asked, the sound of bells getting louder.

He shook his head, unsure of what he was listening for. He took out his
phone and pointed my flashlight up but wasn’t able to see its end. I
leaned in next to him. I stared into the darkness until I got a glimpse
of someone else staring back at me. I thought it was in my head until
they pulled their head back quickly. I grabbed Takato and pushed him
away, behind the nearest shelf. terrified.

“There is something up there.”

“What?”

“I’m not sure.”

He leaned his head against the wall, holding his breath.

Ring Ring

Slow, deep ringing—I felt it through my whole body, but I heard it above
us. I knew I should have kept my eyes closed; I knew I shouldn’t have
looked up, but I did it anyway. She looked at me with a still
expression; the top of the shelf completely hid her shoulders, but her
neck stretched far, poking her head out above us. Long black hair draped
like curtains around me. Her wide, round eyes fixated on me until,
slowly, she smiled, revealing rows of blackened teeth. She pulled her
hands away from the shelf, covering her eyes. Then she wailed, her mouth
not moving. Her cries grew louder until she screamed, as if unable to
contain her pain. She slithered back behind the shelf, her wailing
continuing. Takato pulled me away and ran, nearly dragging me along the
floor.

She fell behind us quickly, smacking against the tiles, against the
shelves, then on the ceiling. I noticed the elevator and pulled him
back, but that thing was too close and grabbed him. I slipped to my
knees and turned back. That’s when I saw her. At least I thought I saw
her. It was strange. I felt that one eye was seeing one thing while the
other saw the complete opposite. In one moment, I saw a horrible
monster, but in the other, I saw a young woman. Her hair was long, and
her pale skin and uchikake seemed to glow in the moonlight. I was
amazed.

She turned back to Takato, who fought back violently; she seemed to be
taken aback by his resistance, as if not expecting it. He slapped her
across the face and cried in pain. I stepped forward but knew I was
ultimately powerless. Carefully, she swiped her hands across his face,
and his entire demeanor seemed to change. He looked confused, but she
didn’t seem to care. She sat beside him, her eyes darting from him to
me, and leaned in close and whispered something into his ear. He looked
up at her, mesmerized by what he saw, though I know it wasn’t her. She
slowly stood and looked down at him for a moment before facing me.

Her eyes widened. I blinked, and she was standing in front of me. I
stepped back, bumping into the shelf behind me, but recoiled as I looked
at what I had touched: a dark, wet vine seeped out from between the
books. The vines spread fast, and everything they touched seemed to rot
away. She leaned forward; the scent of fresh flowers grew stronger. I
could tell by the look in her eyes that she was looking for something,
but I was unsure what. Sweat built up on my skin, and I lost my breath.
She began to turn away, looking back at Takato. I panicked.

“Wait, please don’t hurt him!”

She paused; I took this as an invitation and got to my knees, pressing
my head to the floor. I apologized for Takato hurting her and begged for
forgiveness, hoping she would understand our fear. The floor was so
cold, it almost stung my skin, but I stayed still, waiting for her
response. She stayed quiet, and I began to question myself. I looked up
to see shoes inches from my face. My hands began to shake, and I hoped I
had made the right choice. She bent down, and I hesitantly looked up,
but it was Takato who stood before me, a warm smile on his face. He took
my hands and guided me back up. I wanted to speak, but I couldn’t think
of anything to say.

I waited for something, anything to happen, but he just stood there
looking at me. I looked down at our hands and saw we were still holding
one another. I loosened my grip, but he did not. He looked at me for a
minute, thinking, before pulling his hands away and stepping back. A sad
expression washed over his face; the room seemed to darken.

“Is this wrong?” He asked

I stepped back, shaking my head slightly. The air felt cold, the vines
grew viciously, and flowers burst through the tile floor. He grabbed my
shirt before pushing me away harshly. I hit the shelf behind me, and
pain radiated up my back. He looked at me blankly before wiping his hand
across his face. Miyuki stood before me, quietly watching.

“You don’t want the truth; you want to hear someone feed you the lies
you’ve been told all your life. I can tell you, and he can tell you, but
you listen to her. You know what you really want.”

“That’s not true,” I shouted, pushing her away.

Takato grabbed my face, forcing me to look at him. “Really?”

I clawed at his hands, trying to free myself. His eyes searched through
mine, and a small smile grew on his face.

“Am I not what you see?”

“Stop, please,” I begged, tears forming in my eyes. 

I shoved him away, covering my ears. Books rotted away in front of me
and spread to the floor. I tried to take a step back, but I couldn’t
move. My eyes darted around me, and I fearfully looked at my hands as a
stinging pain struck my nerves. I winced; something was moving under my
skin. A dark substance spread from my forearm to my shoulder, then my
chest. I opened my mouth to scream, but nothing came out. I began
clawing at my throat and dropping to my hands and knees, desperate for
air. The feeling of needles bursting from my skin shot through my body.
Buds sprouted from my skin and bloomed into brightly colored flowers. I
frantically began to tear them out of me, but more and more kept
growing.

It felt like I was ripping my veins out, but I kept tearing. My tears
fell to the floor. I begged for the pain to go away; I couldn’t take it
anymore. My vision blurred, but I could vaguely see the spirit standing
before me. I felt a force push me away, and I fell back. When I opened
my eyes, I was somewhere else entirely; my lungs choked on the sudden
air, and I felt lightheaded. Takato sat above me, his hands on my
chest. 

“Are you ok? What happened? I thought you were dead.”

I didn’t respond. The ringing in my ear grew louder and louder. It was
getting harder for me to breathe; maybe that was in my head. I’m not
sure. I tried to speak but couldn’t muster any words. Takato sat me up
and held my shoulder tightly, trying to get my focus on him. A heavy
weight on my chest pressed down on me. I didn’t feel right; my gut
twisted, and I felt a tug in my stomach. I knew I was safe, but I
couldn’t tell my body to relax. Why was everything so confusing? Why
couldn’t I think? 

I curled forward in pain before there was another violent tug deep in my
stomach. He gently put his hand on my back, begging me to tell him what
was wrong. I felt something rise in my throat. I sat up, choking. I
gagged until I felt it in my mouth and turned away before throwing up. I
got a hold of it and pulled it out. As I did, I realized what I was
pulling: a vine. I tried to force it out, but my muscles only
contracted, causing my throat to pinch against it, only pushing me to
gag again and again. 

Takato yelled in fear and disgust before grabbing the vine and pulling
it out quickly. I curled into a ball and coughed up bits of flowers and
leaves before I felt I could finally breathe again. Overwhelmed, I held
my stomach tightly and stared down at the ground, too embarrassed to
look up. My body was completely exhausted. I wanted to lie down; I
wanted to be in my bed; I wanted to go home; I just wanted to leave. I
was tired, hungry, and in pain. What did I possibly do? Why was I being
punished? 

My hands sank into the soft dirt below me, and I took a double-take,
realizing our surroundings. We were in a garden; moonlight shone through
the trees, birds chirped in the distance, and countless wildflowers
swayed in the breeze. Takato let go of me and quickly brought his hands
to his sides. I rested on the trunk of a nearby tree and sat for a while
longer. Takato’s face was still, but I could see his eyes move as his
mind jumped from one thought to the next. I built up the courage to
speak, ignoring my burning throat.

“What did she say to you?” I asked.

He looked up at me. I could tell he was deciding whether he wanted to
tell me. “She didn’t say anything.”

“I saw her say something.”

“Really,” he replied, unamused.

“What did she tell you?” 

“Why do you care?” His voice was quiet and shaky

“I just want to know.” 

“Did she say something about me?”

“I think so.” 

“You think she said something about you?”

“Am I right?”

“Yes.”

“What did she say?”

“I don’t have the answer you’re looking for.”

I leaned forward and looked up towards the ‘moon,’ picturing what was
above us. Was it the library? The sky? Were we ever going to leave? I
wanted to leave, but did it even matter if we did? What could she have
said? Maybe it was about my rejection. If that’s what it was, what did
she say? What my feelings were? I mean, he knew already, didn’t he? I
told him my feelings. I replayed her words over and over in my head. I
know how I feel about… I know. She didn’t know what she was saying; she
was messing with me.

“Am I not what you see?”

“What?”

“Did she say something upsetting?” he repeated.

“N-no, she—I’m not sure.”

“You said she said something about me?”

“Yes.”

“What did she say?”

“Nothing.”

“Really?”

“Really.”

“Why can’t you just tell me?”

“Because it was nothing; she was just trying to scare me.”

“She didn’t say anything like that to me.”

“And you believe her?” 

“I do.” 

He searched my eyes for a long while before his look changed slightly
and he stood, walking a few feet away. Unable to see much, he quickly
pulled out his phone before something caught his eye. He craned his neck
to see something in the distance before turning back to me.

“What? What is it?”

“There’s something over there.”

He pointed to some trees in the distance, and I leaned over as far as I
could but wasn’t able to see much of anything. I shook my head, and he
frowned slightly. Not saying anything, he started walking off.

“Where are you going?”

“To check it out.”

I stood up slowly, the deep ache in my stomach persisting. When I
reached him, he was crouched over something partially buried in the dirt
under a tree root. He moved over slightly, revealing a small white tile.
He stood slowly, looking around for anything else out of the ordinary.
We wandered off for a few more minutes until we started to see more
tiles buried in the dirt or stuck under roots. We cautiously made our
way through fields of flowers, patches of grass, bushes, and trees,
finding bits and pieces of shelves, walls, and flooring scattered
through the garden. Occasionally, one of us would check our phones, but
no matter how long we walked, time seemed to stop. I looked out at the
field, processing the situation we were forced into. 

Why were we here? I walked myself through the day over and over. What
did I do differently? Was it something Takato did? No, I heard the bell
earlier today; it was my cart that disappeared. It was my fault. We were
here, but why? I thought of her words. She knew what she was doing; she
was deliberate with her message. My heart began to beat faster. Would we
die here? Time didn’t move, but we were hungry, so we would eventually
starve. I thought about all the people I wouldn’t see: my friends, my
family, and my mother. Maybe I’m a bad person, but I smiled at the
thought. If we were stuck here, we were both stuck here. My gaze
wandered to Takato. Why did I say those things to him? Why would I say
that? 

I was unbelievably cruel to him. My words circled in my mind; I felt
embarrassed, but it was too late for that. Why was I so awful? I didn’t
mean those things; I didn’t think there was anything wrong with Takato.
I just wanted to hurt him, to make myself feel like I wasn’t guilty,
like I didn’t feel terrible for what I was saying, but I did. I did feel
shitty; I don’t know why I tried to tell myself otherwise.

After an hour of repeating my thoughts, we found a clearing, a large
rock in the middle. Takato suggested we mark it, since he’d had a
suspicion we were passing the same rock. Although skeptical, I agreed,
and we used a small rock to mark the boulder with a large circle. We
went back to awkward silence and walked east. I could tell he was
getting frustrated; I was, too, but I guess I was more scared than
upset. The moons shone down brightly, giving us visibility in the
endless fields and forests beyond us. With still no sign of escape, our
bodies were completely exhausted. After only thirty minutes, we walked
back to a familiar clearing with a familiar rock. Takato stopped and
looked at it in total despair.

“I don’t think there’s an exit.”

“There has to be.”

“Look around us; we’ve been walking for who knows how long; we’ve
circled again and again, and you still think there’s an exit?” His voice
rose as his frustration turned to anger. He yelled, throwing a nearby
book at a tree next to us. His panic overtook him, and he fell to the
ground. “I don’t know what’s going on,” he cried, defeated. I sat beside
him, but he turned away and held himself tightly before muttering an
apology.

“We’re going to get out of here. We got in here somehow; there has to be
a way out.”

“We’ve been walking for hours; we would have seen an exit.”

“But why should we give up? We can’t just rot here.”

He looked at me, his eyes filled with tears. “I’m just tired,” he said,
defeated.

The wind blew past us harshly, the floral stench taunting us. He ruffled
his hair, revealing his visibly shaking hands. I could see in his face
that he had already given up. I was still on the fence about whether I
should have, too. Were we really stuck here? I didn’t want to believe
it, but with the amount of time that had passed, it got harder to
believe there was a way out. 

“Takato,” I said quietly.

“Yes?”

“I’m sorry.”

“Sorry?”
“For what I said earlier.”

“Oh, why are you telling me this?”

I didn’t answer

“Did you mean what you said?”

I looked at my hands for a while, searching for the right words. “I… I
don’t know. I told myself I was sure, but maybe I lied, hoping you’d
believe it, hoping I’d believe it… I’m sorry; I thought hurting you
would make my rejection, I don’t know, more real. It’s so stupid.”

“It’s not stupid.”

“But it is; it is stupid. I did exactly what my—I pushed you away,
pretending it was what was best, but it wasn’t. It’s not what I want.”

“And what do you want?”

I shook my head. “I don’t know.”

The wind had grown stronger, and the moon was just visible through the
trees. Takato slumped forward, his arms crossed across his knees. I felt
the tightness in my chest and tried to slow my breathing, but the heavy
weight persisted. I wanted to leave, but I still felt hesitant about
finding an exit. Why? Why was I so indecisive about this? 

“I don’t want to be alone,” I said.

“But you’re not?”

“I feel so alone. I always do; it’s exhausting. I hate the emptiness I
feel when I’m alone; I hate my thoughts, and I hate having to avoid them
because I know I have to deal with them myself. I am so confused and
tired; I’m terrified of staying yet paralyzed by what waits for me at
home.”

I wiped my tears away, trying to contain myself. 

“I understand how you feel.” He took a deep breath before speaking
again. “My friends never really seemed to understand me; I felt
separated from them. I told myself I was broken, that something was
wrong with me, so I lied to myself to convince others I meant what I was
saying and did whatever I could to be who they thought I was. But I
still felt it, this emptiness, so I stopped. Some of my close friends
understood; most did not, at least at the time.”

“You never felt alone?”

“The loneliest time of my life was the time I pretended to be someone I
wasn’t.”

His words sank deep into my chest; his message was clear. It felt like
he knew just what to say. He looked at me with a soft expression. How,
how could he still be so comforting and kind to me after what I said? I
wanted to look away, embarrassed, but I knew that closing myself off
again wouldn’t do anything. Tears filled my eyes, and I attempted to
wipe them away discreetly, but he noticed and took my shoulder gently,
pulling me into a hug. I felt no hesitation to wrap my arms around him.
His breath was heavy, and his heartbeat was fast. I sank my face into
his shoulder and held him tight. I felt so comforted by his embrace. The
breeze paused, and the air seemed cool. I didn’t want him to let go of
me and open my eyes and see we were still stuck or back in the library.
The sound of bells became distant whispers, and I opened my eyes.
