GTA SAN ANDREAS
THE CHAINSAW MURDER
PART 1

INTRO : hello viewers. If you are wondering who I am, my name is Gregory
Murphy. I am in my 40s. And the one thing I always like to do in my
spare time from my let’s just say full-time job is play GTA. I remember
when GTA three came out. I was so excited. I played the game all day the
day it came out and then I played vice city. And then San Andreas. And
recently, I finished GTA 4 as well. Well, now it is 2012 and I am
anticipating the next big release of the rockstar series GTA V. My
therapist says I should start documenting my day-to-day life as I’m not
good with human interaction. So I guess this is goodbye for now Gregory
Murphy out.

JULY 27 : 2012

Hello everyone, Gregory Murphy here. Today was a really good day. As I
was driving home from my job. I stumbled upon a garage sale and when I
went there, I saw a copy of GTA San Andreas the game I used to play
every single day. So I asked the man how much it is in. The man says it
was 12 bucks. He explained that it was his son’s or something and that
he went missing. I really didn’t listen to the whole story, but I was
mainly intrigued by the GTA San Andreas copy. So I bought it and I took
it home ready to play it on my PC. When I got home. The news was playing
a report about the chainsaw murder. He is this murderer that killed a
lot of people I ignored the news as I probably left it on in the morning
by mistake as I tend to not watch the evening news. Anyway, I went and I
put the game into my PC and the classic intro played showing off all of
the characters as the game loads. Gregory out I am going to be playing a
lot of this.

THE GAME : 8pm

Gregory Murphy here OK I need to explain this in detail because I am
weirded out to say The least. So as the beginning cut scene, played with
CJ getting off the plane. Everything was completely normal. Nothing was
wrong until I got into the actual game itself. When I got into the game,
I noticed there was no mission markers. There was no NPC‘s. It was
literally a ghost town. I started by getting on the bike to ride to
Grove Street. As I rode my bike, I could swear with hearing voices
saying something. As soon as I got to Grove Street the the mission
marker in the open world itself shown with that red circle. I went and I
started the mission.

MISSION 1 : AUGUST 12/ 2005

When I started the mission, the mission wasn’t called sweet and Kendall.
It was called August 12, 2005. The only words I can get out of my mouth
because felt like I couldn’t move as I was in shock and that can be
because I am easily scared. But the words I said was. what the fuck, the
mission cut scene played as normal until CJ dabbed up smoke and the
moment that happened my screen completely froze and I was teleported to
Back Beyond. At this point, I was very confused. I don’t even know what
the fuck is going on. But I see a figure in the shadows of the woods. It
looks like he’s holding a shovel. As I try approaching the figure it
runs away, and as it runs away, another figure appears, but it seems to
be more of a semi invisible figure. At this point, I am really starting
to freak the fuck out. I really just wanna turn this fucking game off
and take it and burn it in the backyard but a part of me wants to
approach this person to figure out what the fuck is going on. So I
slowly approach the character until I see who it is. It’s the truth.
It’s a character you meet in the second half of the game. But he looks
like a ghost, and I can hear that whispering again. But I can see it’s
getting louder and louder and louder and louder. I heard what it said.
It sayed

YOU DID THIS

As the character said that my game started glitching and I immediately
turned off the PC

I start tweaking the fuck out saying what the fuck what the fuck. When
he said that he was bloodshot on the screen. I don’t even what the fuck
I I I I I I I. I’m sorry I have to go right now. Gregory Murphy out.

EPOLOGE : July 28 / 2012

Gregory Murphy here. If you were wondering. I am no longer gonna be
posting more of these video Vlogs on this possessed or potentially
haunted copy of GTA San Andreas. OK just let me explain what happened
after that happened. After I turned off the PC I went straight to bed. I
didn’t even wanna look at that copy. I was planning on destroying it in
the backyard or give it away to some one eles tomorrow. But when I fell
asleep, I had this dream. I was in the game. I saw the truth again, but
this time he wasn’t alone he was with. 3 other people. They all were
faceless. They looked like the NPC’s from the game, but without a face.
I couldn’t move as I was paralyzed from complete fear. This didn’t feel
like a dream. This felt like reality. THE TRUTH : IT IS !!!!!!!!!!! as I
heard the truth. Say that I wouldn’t cold. I couldn’t talk I couldn’t
move. The truth grabbed the chainsaw and then the others I’m gonna call
them the faceless men. Also followed as they were all now holding
chainsaws. What happened next is gotten me so shaken up. The truth
spoke. He said one thing. DONT DESTORY THE COPY. YOU CANT RUN FROM
USSSSSSS. They all charged me. They started using a chainsaw on me I
don’t want to describe how it looked or anything like that, but you can
kind of gather what happened next, but usually you would wake up on a
dream after something like that happened, but I was still in the dream I
was in the dream for like five minutes, five minutes of pain and then
eventually I woke up.

The next day I went and I immediately brought back that fucking copy
back to that person’s house. I knocked on the door gave the copy to his
father, and I told him I no longer wanted it and then I don’t even wanna
refund just take the game. He looked confused, but he took it. He had a
somber face, but I didn’t really notice all that much as I was walking
away as I was walking I heard the father call out to his 18 year-old
son. His son’s name was Matthew Lexington.

When I got home, I went back to bed, but I was back in that dreamscape.
I just wanted it to Fucking end. I saw the truth and I screamed at him
and I Sayed who the fuck are you. The last thing the truth said to me
was. Bobby Lexington. And then I woke up. I tried to get words out of my
mouth, but I couldn’t. I was sweating. My blood pressure was high. My
brain kept dawning on the last name Lexington. The place where I got the
game at, the garage sale.
