“I’d like to pay for your services tonight.  Thirty-minutes of dancing.”

“You understand payment is required up front before the show begins.”

“Understood.  I have a heavy wallet.”

There was no hint of excitement or nervousness in the man’s voice.  A
purely transactional monotone voice.  Rather unusual for my line of work
as an escort. 

“I imagine you are familiar with the optional add-on services?”

“Indeed.  I’d like the session to include touching.”

“Okay honey, I will see you tonight.”

My stage name was Veronica Viper. 

WATCH OUT, SHE WILL STRIKE!

That’s what my ad in the papers said about me.  Men loved it.  They
drooled at the thought of me lashing out at them.  It turned them on
quickly.

Even though I was pushing thirty and getting tired of satisfying
disgusting men, I needed the money.  It was the only good gig I’d ever
had.

After freshening up and getting dressed, I drove over to Mr. Wallace’s
house.

When Mr. Wallace opened the door, I almost threw up; he was revolting. 
Obese and a stench of rotted mayonnaise. 

“Come on in and get comfortable,” he said with a flat, unenthusiastic
voice while handing me a stack of cash. 

He studied me up and down with his brown, lifeless eyes, breathing
heavily after shutting the door.

There was something different about this man, and it made me a little
anxious.  He took his seat in the recliner, his eyes never leaving me. 
I lifted my legs on top of his and straddled him.

“No, I want you over there.  Next to that table.”

He motioned for me to walk over to a round table with a bucket on top of
it.

“They are gumballs.  Chew one,” he said.

Normally, I would refuse such a request, but this Mr. Wallace was
starting to give off an unsettling vibe, so I complied.

“Do you have like a music speaker?”

“Not necessary.  Just dance and chew.  Take another gumball and put it
in your mouth.  I want you to blow a bubble big enough to cover your
face.”

I looked down at the bucket; it was filled with dozens of gumballs.

“Another please.  Fill your mouth.”

By the time I had six or seven gumballs in my mouth, I was finding it
difficult to chew.  But then I did it.  I was able to create a huge
bubble.

“Pop it,” he whispered.

The gum popped and spread over my face, reaching just over my nose.

Mr. Wallace jumped up and approached me.  He slammed me to the ground
and pressed his meat hook of a hand against the chewed gum.

“Get off of me you creep!” I tried to scream.

“You don’t remember me, do you?  Dorky Derek, you used to call me in
school.  Those damn bubbles you’d pop with your pink gum after insulting
me.”

His hand squeezed harder against my face.  I could feel him firming up
beneath his jeans.

“I…”

“I can’t hear you.” He stuck a sweaty finger into the gum to poke a
hole.

“I remember you.  I’m sorry we were so mean to you.  We were just dumb
teenagers.”

With his finger brushing my tongue, I figured it was my only shot to
save myself.  I bit down and chewed into his bone.  He flailed backwards
and let out a whine like a crying baby.  I stormed out of there and
drove off.

When the police made it to his residence shortly after I had left, he
was gone. 

Three days later though, they found his body near a small creek.  His
mouth was filled with chewed gum. 
