MISSING 

Abigail Miller

Age: 20 years old
DOB: 03/04/1986
Height: 5’9”

Hair color: Black

Eye color: Green

Last seen: 06/02/2006 wearing blue turtleneck sweater, and green khakis
with a Yellowstone grizzly bear key-chain around the belt

If you have any information, please call at ———–

I still remember reading this again and again when I had to hang the
posters for her around town. It was my final year of high-school, just
at the tail end of the school year. The day it happened was on a Friday.
I was just getting home from a long day full of reviews for finals. When
I walked through our front door, I didn’t even get to take my heavy bag
off my shoulders before I realized my mother was sobbing in the kitchen.
I walked over to the dining table, and saw my father comforting her as
she weakly stood while crying.

“What’s happening?” I asked them. My mother had to catch her breath
between sobs in order to form a response.

“Abbie-Abbie got in an accident.” She sputtered out, then continued
quietly weeping.

“Oh god,” I gasped out, “is she okay?”

“We don’t know.” My father responded, “She wasn’t at the wreck. Her door
was open, the police said they think she tried to get help but got
lost.” He had this pain on his face of concern, like he was on the verge
of joining my mother, but had to keep comforting her. There was probably
something he wasn’t telling me.

“Lost? Where was this? When?” I asked, a little confused. Our town,
Saggitown, wasn’t that large. I wouldn’t say it was a small town, but
certainly not large enough to get lost in after living here your whole
life.

“Last night just on the edge of Hallard Street. The police found her car
this morning. We called them when she didn’t come home last night. We
thought it was one of her nights out with her friends, but none of them
said they saw her at all.” He said. My face contorted in a small cringe.

At the edge of Hallard Street was a small, abandoned section of a dozen
or so buildings mostly surrounded by sparse woods and people who refused
to give up their property. Many spotters lived in those buildings, but
the more hazardous and run down buildings were often left vacant. Abbie
sometimes went into some of the empty buildings to break old glass and
relieve stress, an attempt to get away from the noise of the world.
Sometimes, she would take me, but she always made me keep it secret from
our parents. If they knew, they would probably install new locks on the
doors and windows so she couldn’t sneak out into the dangerous area. Not
wanting to spoil something personal for her, and still assuming she
would make it home, I kept my mouth shut on why she was over there.

The rest of the day was spent impatiently waiting for any news. Every
hour or so, my mother would shakily call the sheriff’s department and
ask if they had any leads. And every time, they came up empty handed.
They searched the woods, the buildings, and asked people who might’ve
been near the crash, but no one found or saw anything. Complete dead
ends at every possible corner. Any time I tried to leave the kitchen to
try and do anything else, it felt like I was personally abandoning her.
I couldn’t keep my mind occupied long enough to keep myself away from my
parents. The feeling of guilt carried over to the night, and I barely
slept at all. Every little sound outside made me rise out of my bed and
look out the window at the street, hoping I’d see that the neighbor’s
dog was barking at my sister walking home on the sidewalk. But it was
never her.

The next day, my dad woke me up early in the morning to help with the
search, maybe six in the morning. I got dressed, went down the stairs,
walked out the front door, and got in the car. I sat in the passenger
seat right next to him as we drove. I stared out the window, mostly at
the rearview mirror in guilt, trying to hide the emotions on my face
from him. Admittedly, it was hard to keep my eyes over there while the
early morning sun was brightly reflecting into my eyes.  Despite barely
moving or blinking the whole ride, my thoughts were frantic. If I said
something about her spot, would she have been found already? If I say
something now, would it be too late? What if she’s already almost home
and I ruin this for her? After we passed the local liquor store and
started going into the dilapidated buildings of Hallard street, I moved
my view to him, confused.

“What are we doing here? I thought they already searched these
buildings.” I asked

“They did,” he responded, “but I don’t think they went into the more
damaged buildings for safety. They might’ve missed something.” Despite
this being a stupid reason to search, I couldn’t blame him. He and I
were both in denial that something happened to her. We both wanted to
find her in any way possible before we had to face that she was gone.

He stopped in front of a small, abandoned building. It looked like it
was built to maybe be a pharmacy. The glass windows in the front of the
store were shattered, and one of the doors was ripped off its hinge, and
laid flat on the sidewalk a few feet away from the entrance.

“I don’t want you coming in with me. Tell me if you see anything out
here, but don’t leave the car even if you do. Okay?” He sternly warned
me. I nodded in agreement.

He got out of the car, but stopped before he went into the building. He
turned back at me and said, “Do not leave the car. This is not a safe
area.” I nodded again. He turned back around and went into the building.
I got comfortable in my seat, and closed my eyes to try and get back
some of the sleep I lost last night. Rather quickly, I drifted back into
sleep.

I must have woken up at least a couple hours later. I slowly resisted
opening my eyes, trying to fall back asleep, but I simply couldn’t. When
I opened my eyes to look around, I saw the sky was fully blue, if a bit
cloudy. Must have been close to noon. I reached down into the cup holder
and reached for an old watch my dad usually kept in there. I grabbed it
and read the time, which was a little more than a quarter past eleven. I
looked up back to the building I last saw him enter. I had no idea if he
was still in there, or if maybe he went to a neighboring building, or if
he was wandering around the block.

I turned my head to look around the block, to see if I could spot him
looking somewhere. I turned to the oldest building in the whole city,
real decrepit. It was made mostly of concrete, with all the paint long
worn off of it, about four stories tall. At one point, it had a fifth
story, but that floor has mostly caved in on itself. I remember Abbie
taking me to more frequently than any of the others. According to her,
no one ever squatted inside of it despite its space and size. Any hobos
avoided it like the plague, so did animals, and even insects. She said
it smelled like death in there, but I never had a sense of smell to
confirm it. If I had to guess, that was her favorite building.

The car door opened and I turned with a gasp. It was my Dad, climbing
back into the driver’s seat.

“Oh! Jesus, you scared the shit out of me.” I said, half joking.

“Watch your mouth.” He said with a stern tone in his voice. He didn’t
find anything like everyone else, and it didn’t put him in a good mood.

On the car ride back, I kept thinking about that building. It was
probably her favorite to hang out in. She probably felt safe there.
Maybe she thought she would get in trouble for wrecking the car and hid
in there? No, that’s silly. She would have been hurt after an accident
like that, she would try to get medical attention first. Right?

The days after began to blur together. We would call the sheriff for any
updates, but none ever came. We searched everywhere ourselves, but she
had left no way to follow her. We put up missing posters everywhere,
even if my tears stained a few, but every call we got was either
someone’s condolences, a false lead, or a group of boys who thought it
would be funny to do a fake voice and pretend to be her, lost in the
woods. It ate me alive on the inside knowing she was out there, maybe
alive, but cold, scared, and only wanting to come back home. She was
supposed to be going to college in only a few weeks. She had so much
ahead of her that was just gone. Everything she wanted to be and could
have been disappeared with her. I graduated scanning the crowd as I got
my high-school diploma, hoping that she somehow made it here. If
anything, she wouldn’t miss my high-school graduation, even if she was
scared of getting in trouble. Of course, a spot on the bleachers next to
my parents remained empty for the whole ceremony. I think that was the
day I realized she was probably already dead, and had been dead every
night I looked out the window, waiting for the dogs to bark at her.

But of course, I didn’t want to accept it, even if I already knew it.
That night in bed, I desperately thought of reasons why she could still
be out there. Just as my hectic thoughts were starting to morph into a
nightmare, and I was beginning to drift into sleep, it hit me. That
building. Maybe she did hide under there, but got caught under rubble.
Unlikely, but it could be true. The thought of it kept me awake. If it
were true, each second could be precious. She could be alive now, but
dead by tomorrow morning. At two in the morning, I couldn’t take it
anymore. I, very quietly, put on clothes, a coat, grabbed my dad’s
flashlight, and sneaked out my sister’s window.

It took me nearly two hours to reach the building on foot. It was very
cloudy that night, the stars and even the moon weren’t able to poke
through the sky to help light the way. I had to rely solely on street
lamps and traffic lights to see, as I needed to conserve the
flashlight’s battery for the building. I only turned it on once I made
it to Hallard Street to stay safe. I didn’t need to come all this way
just so I could get stabbed by some meth head at four in the morning. I
steadily approached the building, stopping every few seconds to shine
every weird gust of wind that spooked me.

I sat there for a minute, just staring at the entrance to the building.
It was dark inside, even when I had the flashlight pointed straight
through the arch where a door should be. It was like the darkness simply
swallowed the light, and was still hungry for more. I had to build up
any courage to enter inside. Hesitantly, I stepped through the arch, and
inside.

Almost instantly, it seemed like the light adjusted. The flashlight
began to light up the surroundings of the building much more clearly
than it did from the outside. It was surprisingly bare, with only tiny
pebbles and loose dirt covering the cracked cement floor. There were
barely any weeds poking through the cracks, and those that dared to
stand up looked frail from a lack of sunlight. I continued walking
deeper into the building, careful of where to place my feet. There was
still plenty of broken glass from bottles shattered against the wall.

After a few minutes of stumbling around in the dark, I reached the
staircase leading up to the second floor at the back right corner of the
first floor. One of the metal railings to the side was barely hanging on
by its rusty hinges. After ascending the staircase, I saw that the
second floor was more of the same. Empty, old floors with windows that
barely let in light from the outside.

“Abbie?” I hesitantly called out into the dark, letting the second half
much quieter once I realized how much echo there was.

Silence. After a few seconds of getting nothing but the wind outside as
a response, I called out again, louder.

“Abbie! Are you in here?”

Despite my deep hopes for a fairy-tale outcome where she calls out for
me, I find and save her, and we all go home happy together again, only a
loud silence followed that was broken by the sound of chilling air
swaying outside. It was nearly four-thirty in the morning now, and I
needed to get home quickly and safely before mom and dad noticed I had
sneaked out.

I found my way back to the staircase and descended down the first floor,
and managed to find the front entrance in the dark again. Just as I was
preparing to leave, I heard the faintest whisper behind me.

“Who’s there?” a voice said in a hushed, hurried tone.

I whipped around and pointed my flashlight into the darkness, waiting
for a visual owner to the voice to show themselves. It spoke so quietly
and softly, I couldn’t tell if it was someone I knew. I sat there in
dead silence like a deer in headlights, waiting for any sort of movement
or noise. Just as I began to think it was in my head, I heard another
voice, this time much more distant.

“Help! Help me! Oh god, please, anyone, please!” I heard it coming from
the far reaches of the first floor. Without a single doubt, it was
Abbie’s voice.

“Abbie? Abbie! Stay right where you are, I’m coming! Keep calling out, I
can’t see you!” I shouted out in a desperately hopeful tone.

I carelessly ran right back into the building, towards the origin of her
pleas. It sounded right near the staircase to the second floor. Within
seconds I was already rushing towards the top of the stairs.

“What’s going on? Please, I need help! Help!” She continued to call out.

I was at the top of the stairs, but her voice sounded more distant. I
ran back down the stairs again, and it was louder.

“Abbie! Do you know where you are? I really can’t see!” I called out to
her.

I assumed she couldn’t hear me because she continued crying out for help
without any reaction to my question. I looked around frantically, until
I noticed there was a small space between the staircase and the back
wall, just wide enough for a person to fit through. I scramble over and
see on the back of the staircase is a hole in the wall covered by a few
wooden boards, almost perfectly untouched. Abbie never showed me this
before if she knew about it.

I tore away at the boards as much as I could, which only let me tear off
just enough that I could fit through them with some effort. I aimed my
flashlight into the hole, and saw it led to a long, deep stairwell that
had its end hidden in darkness. Just like the rest of the building, it
was all cement, cracked, with only rocks and pebbles covering the
ground. I considered getting help, but I had no idea if she was in
immediate danger, especially by the way she was yelling for help. I
thought on my feet, and crawled into the hole.

I barely managed to squeeze my way in. When I finally wormed my way
through the gap between the boards, I fell on my hands. I quickly tried
to readjust myself, but failed, and began tumbling down the stairs. My
flashlight fell out of my hand, and I tried curling up in a fetal
position to protect myself. I’d say I fell down roughly 30 flights
before the stairs finally ended. Even with a few bruises, I somehow
managed to survive that via some miracle. It was very dark, the kind
where your eyes begin to make funny shapes in an attempt to feed your
brain any visual stimuli. I could tell I landed in something soft that
cushioned my landing. It felt like a pile of wet, dirty clothes. I
turned my head frantically in every direction looking for my flashlight.
To my left, there it was, dim and flashing in and out from the fall, but
still a source of light. As I began to crawl over to it, I called out to
Abbie.

“Abbie! Abbie, I’m down here now, where are you?”

By the time I grabbed my flashlight, I realized she had stopped calling
out. I had gotten the same dead silent response from earlier, but this
time there wasn’t even wind to break the silence. I turned around to
illuminate my surroundings with the flashlight. When I realized what I
was looking at, my entire body began to shake with terror.

The flashlight lit up the dozens of corpses and blood soaked torn
clothes. They were piled up in mounds, haphazardly with no respect to
the people these once were. Most, if not all of them, only were their
bottom halves. Not a single face to all these names. It was disgustingly
humid down there, like the hot breath of a dog with rotten teeth
breathing down on your face, and despite that I felt frozen cold. I
slowly turned the flashlight to where I had landed. It was a pair of
green khakis, with a Yellowstone grizzly bear key-chain tossed aside a
few feet away. Abigail. Her blood was soaking my back, and her
dismembered legs cushioned my fall.

I felt like vomiting. I should have, every last cell in my body was
rejecting this horrible sight. But a wet thud followed by a dry crunch
at the edge of the room reverberating halted every biological process
inside of me. I quickly turned the flashlight to the sound’s origin. It
was at the far back of the room, hidden away under clothes crusty with
old blood.

I saw it rise up on all fours as tall as it could before the ceiling
stopped it. Its yellow skin cracked like it had been baked in an oven,
flaking and shriveling with every muscle twitch. Every leg had too many
knees, and its “feet” were more like broad human hands shoved under a
hydraulic press. Worst of all, sat upon where its head should be was the
upper half of Abbie. Her last look of pain and horror permanently
chiseled on her face, so well defined you could see it through all the
decay her body had endured. Her pigmentless dead eyes staring straight
into my very being as lenses for this ancient beast. With wet rips of
flesh, and a weak,

“Oh god…”, from her mouth,

her body fell off its neck and onto the concrete floor with a mushy thud
that reverberated through the room, twisting off of it like two pieces
of gum being pulled apart. I screamed as loud as I physically could,
tearing my vocal cords, turned, and ran.

I heard its howl follow behind me, the combination of a thousand pained
cries tunneling through a single trachea. I ran up the stairs as fast as
I could on all fours like an animal in a horrible panic, nearly dropping
my flashlight in the process. I could feel the footsteps of this thing
following behind me shaking the building, slowly and without any fear of
losing its prey. Each step sounded like an old tree beginning to break
and fall and ending with a blood soaked pop. When I reached the hole in
the wall, I clawed and crawled as fast as my body would allow me
through. Every second I could hear its cries grow closer and clear, to
the point where I could distinguish the last screams of Abbie from my
own.

 I pulled myself through as hard as I could, splinters from the wood
piercing my skin, and the broken rebar and cement sanding off my flesh.
Finally, I plopped out on the other side, falling hands first into some
glass on the floor. I scurried away on the floor as one of its arms
broke through the wooden boards as if they weren’t even there. Barely
illuminated by my flashlight on the floor, I saw it try to feel for me,
without any care for all the glass shards being lodged in its skin.
Wherever the hell it even breathed from must have been right up against
the hole, as I could hear it wheezing between cries, the light around it
distorting from the pure heat and humidity from its breath. Its chipped
fingernails barely missed my leg by only a few centimeters, but I could
still feel the whoosh of air dragging behind its forearm. I held my
breath, afraid any slight noise or movement would give my location away,
and I would be dragged back down into that hell hole, meeting the same
fate as Abbie. After a few moments of searching, it finally stopped
calling out for help. Its arm retreated back into the darkness, and I
could hear it swiftly scurry down into its den.

I wasted no time to see what it would do next. I grabbed the flashlight,
and ran as fast as I could. I ran out of the building and didn’t stop
until I was in my home. I just about collapsed when I got into my room,
every single muscle ached. I could feel my heart blood pumping through
my veins so strong that it made me squirm. I looked over to my alarm
clock. Almost six in the morning, a little before dad would normally
wake up for work. I couldn’t tell them what I had seen. I couldn’t tell
anyone I saw that, or they’d stick me in a mental health ward for the
next thirty years. With the fraction of energy I still had, I changed my
clothes, and tied the blood stained ones in a trash bag I buried deep in
our garbage bin. After sticking disinfectant over all my scars, I laid
down in my bed. I was drained of any energy, but I wasn’t able to so
much as blink. Every time I even tried to close them for a fraction of a
second, I would see that thing using my sister’s body with as much vivid
detail as in person. I remember facing the wall, pretending to be asleep
as I heard my dad check in on me. Must’ve been maybe eight in the
morning by then. He almost always leaves the door open when he checks,
so I have no idea how long he actually stared at me for. But simply
imagining him there, watching over me allowed me to finally get some
much needed rest.

I woke up later in the afternoon. No one made any comment about it,
since I had been up late over Abbie anyways in recent weeks. I got
dressed and told my mom I was going on a walk, and she dismissed me
without protest. The first thing I did outside was immediately go to the
nearest phone booth and make a call. I shakily put a few quarters into
the slot.

“Saggitown sheriff’s office, how can I help you?” Asked an operator on
the line. He sounded like a tired man in his thirties, just waking up
for his shift.

I tried to make my voice sound like a southerner to throw off any
attempt to try to find out who placed the call in the future, seeing how
something of this scale could be a federal investigation.

“Hello? I have some information about a missing persons case. A lot of
them, actually.” I shyly spoke.

“…Ma’am, what’s your name?” He asked. I could tell by the tone in his
voice that the statement had perked his ears.

“I’m not comfortable with giving that out. Listen, you’ll find them in
the basement of the last building of Hallard street. It’s the largest
one, you can’t miss it. I have to go, bye.” I said, rushing to end  the
call. He tried to ask something but I already hung up before I could
hear it. I sped-walked away from the telephone and back home. When I got
home, I simply sat on the couch and waited until the inevitable news hit
our house.

I remember seeing my mother’s face when she initially got the call about
them finding what was left of Abbie. The initial surprise and hope,
followed by shock, then slowly morphing with pain and despair. She wept
all day, and through most of the night. I’d be a liar if I said I didn’t
join her. Dad tried his best to remain strong, but I later heard him
sobbing in the kitchen quietly into his hands, alone.

They didn’t find that monster down there. Not even flakes of skin, at
least according to public reports. In total, there were reportedly
twenty-three bodies of separate people, all messily cut in half at the
midsection. With those twenty-three, which included Abbie, there were an
additional fifteen pieces of torn cloth that didn’t belong to any of the
twenty-three identified victims, meaning there was a minimum of
thirty-eight victims. Thirty-eight people who had lives, who had family,
had hobbies, had dreams, and all who were people just like Abbie. Being
down there before investigators were, I can tell you for certain that
thirty-eight is way under the amount of bodies that were there when I
was, even with the mere  moments I had vision down there. This means
either reporters are lying, or something moved all those bodies in one
night. Investigators were stuck at a dead end for any answers. Many of
the identified were allegedly originally reported missing entire
counties away, and even one of them was from a state over. Despite the
unorganized brutality, no fingerprints or even traces of a human were
found outside of the victims. They pinned it on some John Doe serial
killer. To this day, I think I am the only living person who knows the
truth.

Then, once it was all said and done, the funeral was had for Abbie. They
didn’t even bother with a closed casket, just turned her straight into
ashes and put her on a podium instead. She was surrounded by flowers,
photos, and those who loved her. Despite all the turmoil and ugly
sobbing that came before that, her funeral was oddly quiet. It seemed
everyone got it out of their systems before visiting her. People were
talking about her more like a fond memory. I think she would have wanted
it that way.

We had a family sit down, and decided to move after that. The parents
wanted a fresh start, and I thought the same. I didn’t mind the idea of
moving too much considering I wanted to move to a dorm and start college
sooner than later anyways. Not to mention I wanted to get as far away
from wherever that thing could be as possible. The whole process was
surprisingly quick, we had the whole house empty within two months.
Every room was completely devoid of any personality they once had. All
of Abbie’s things were neatly packaged, ready to be put in the new
houses’ attic for keepsake. Everything had already been put into moving
trucks, the house already sold, and the only thing left was to actually
leave.

After shoving some road trip items, like books and snacks, into a worn
duffel bag next to my seat, I was prepared to go. Before I could leave,
I said goodbye to  my friends, the few I had. We promised to text each
other, and meet up again sometime in the future, even if I knew that
probably wouldn’t happen. They waved me goodbye as the car began to
speed off with me, of course I waved back.

We had to pass Hallard Street on our way out of town to get where we
wanted to. When we started to approach the street, my mom turned up the
radio a few notches to try and drown out the thought of it. Dad simply
kept his eyes on the road. I averted my gaze away from the building,
away from the visual of that room and so much as the idea of that
monster. Instead, I looked over the forest across from the buildings.
They seemed calm, cool, devoid of any movement. Like everything in there
was frozen still. Over the top of the trees, just barely poking above
the leaves, to my absolute terror, was Abbie. No, what was left of
Abbie. This time, her body was frail and broken, and it barely resembled
her. Without a doubt that was her sweater and hair, so it had to have
been what was left of her. It held her high so I could see her, showing
her off to me like a bully showing a child their broken toy. Sitting
atop that creature’s neck, like a puppet on strings made to mock her,
Abbie was also waving me goodbye with her broken arm that slowly began
to detach due to how rotted it was. She slowly sank back into the cover
of the trees, careful to not let me catch a glimpse of where it was
going.

It has been years since all of this happened. I still get nightmares
about it. Usually it’s the same one, where I wake up, hear Abbie calling
for me from the basement. I go downstairs, and there it is. I always
wake up before it actually does anything. I lose sleep just thinking
about it. It gets really hot in my apartment, but I always keep my fans
off because on the off chance it has found me after all these years, I
need to hear it first. I don’t think anything I can do can kill it, or
even so much as harm it in any meaningful way. I just need to hear it so
I know when to run. So I hope, to whatever God there is, I never hear my
sister’s voice again, because I know she’s dead, and that it won’t be
her.
