Part 1

Part 2

So my girlfriend and I broke up earlier this year.

I guess it took us two and a half years to realize that the differences
between our personalities and general philosophies on life were
irreconcilable. But it was fine. The split was cordial enough, no
resentment left between us. Probably. Maybe.

The bigger issue for me was that we’d been living together and splitting
rent and I make peanuts working as a security guard for an office
building so I absolutely could not afford the apartment on my own. Which
is kind of sad because the place is God-awful. I’m talking flickering
lights, cracks in the walls, strange stains in the carpet that will not
come out, neighbours that you actively have to try and avoid.

It was a tough spot to be in. In more ways than one.

So, I started posting about the place online. Facebook marketplace,
Craigslist, Reddit, the usual.

Problem was, I was basically advertising a shitty couch in an even
shittier living room. Not exactly an easy sell. I tried cleaning the
place up as much as I could, using the most “optimal” angles possible
when taking the pictures. You know what they say, a little bit of false
advertising goes a long way.

But I didn’t get many responses, just a few people reaching out to
politely inform me about how much of a delusional bum I was. Not that I
was really expecting much else.

As the weeks dragged on, I was starting to consider asking my brother
for some money or perhaps selling an organ. But then one day, a friend
of mine told me about a coworker who knew somebody named Ismail who
might be interested in renting the place and gave me the guy’s number.

Naturally, I was relieved. But at the same time, I wasn’t terribly
excited about meeting him. Because in my head, anybody willing to accept
an arrangement as horrendous as the one I was offering must’ve been
going through something bad. I guess the thing I was most worried about
was drugs. Waking up in the morning to clouds of smoke and a bunch of
shady characters hanging around in the living room. It’s happened before
and I’d rather not experience it again.

But most of these concerns were washed away after my first meeting with
the guy.

Ismail turned out to be a really nice, really pleasant dude. Also a lot
younger than I’d expected. He told me that he’d moved here from Morocco
a couple of months ago with nothing but a suitcase and a couple grand in
his bank account in order to pursue his dream of making it into the UFC.

He had an impressive amateur record but, according to him, the training
in Morocco just wasn’t good enough. He needed experience at the highest
level and the gym he wanted to train at just happened to be a few blocks
from my apartment. The stars really aligned here.

I must’ve asked him about a dozen times whether he was truly okay with
sleeping on the couch. I just wanted to make sure that the arrangement
was as clear as possible from the get so he wouldn’t end up kicking the
shit out of me later.

But I never ran into any problems with him. He was as close to perfect
as a roommate could get. He wasn’t loud, had good personal hygiene,
cleaned up after himself and I never had to hassle him for rent money.
He might’ve been the only roommate I’d ever had that I actually looked
forward to hanging out with. After a while, we started becoming good
friends. The guy even helped console me through the breakup.

And when it came to fighting, I swear I’d never seen anybody speaking
about anything so earnestly. It was clear just how determined he was.

I was really rooting for him. I really wanted him to make it.

But sometimes, life can be a real unforgiving asshole. It just can’t let
you have nice things.

As time went on, he started getting injured a lot and was always having
to deal with staph infections or some ailment. Whenever he did manage to
get a fight booked, his opponents always seemed to pull out at the very
last moment. The guy couldn’t catch a break.

When rent was due later that month, he admitted he was running short on
money and wouldn’t be able to cover his part. But he also tried to
emphasize that he would absolutely pay me back when he could.

Now, I’d heard similar lines from countless roommates in the past. I
usually end up threatening legal action and suddenly they have no
problem coming up with the money.

I didn’t do that with Ismail though. I could tell he wasn’t trying to
get one over on me. That if he really had the money, he would’ve forked
it over.

Though he did help out with food. He started bringing home these huge
pots filled with couscous and beef. Apparently, he’d befriended a
Moroccan family living a few floors down and had been eating most of his
meals there.

One night, I found him out on the balcony chain-smoking, looking
unusually upset. The first time I’d ever seen him in a state like that.

I sat beside him, and he admitted how worried he was. He thought he
would’ve had at least two fights under his belt at this point. He told
me he wasn’t just running out of money, he was already out. He’d been
living off credit cards, borrowing small sums here and there from other
guys at the gym.

He confessed that he felt like he was drowning. That if he couldn’t get
a fight soon, he might have no choice but to go back to Morocco.

I tried offering him some assurance, telling him that maybe things
weren’t as bad as he thought. That he was still a young guy, and the
world was his oyster, and everything was going to work out. Real
cookie-cutter bullshit that I didn’t really believe myself.

After all, it’s not like my own life was going swimmingly. I really
wasn’t the kind of person to be giving advice. So I dropped the big
brother act, grabbed a cigarette, and the two of us smoked into the
night, just airing out our grievances at the world. It was nice.
Cathartic, even.

He told me that he probably wouldn’t be able to make next months’ rent
either. I told him it’d be okay as long as he kept bringing up that
couscous and beef. Before we went to bed, he told me he’d give it
another month. That if he didn’t have a fight booked by then, he’d buy a
ticket back to Morocco.

I remember this night very clearly because things got really strange
afterwards.

First thing I noticed was the abrupt change in his routine. He used to
leave for training in the morning, come back around noon, then he’d head
back out for his second session in the evening.

But then it pretty much inverted. Suddenly he was always home in the
morning, and he’d be gone from noon.

A bit strange, but not so much that I felt a need to question it. It was
possible that the schedule at his gym had just changed.

The part that was more difficult to rationalize was his sudden shift in
demeanor. It happened so quickly that it was almost jarring. One night
we were smoking on the balcony, smiling, laughing and cracking jokes
like we always did. But then the following night he came home and was
barely to look me in the eye, let alone exchange more than a couple of
words.

I asked him if anything had happened. He told me that his coach had been
pushing him harder than usual recently and he was just exhausted. It
didn’t really feel like the full story, but he didn’t owe me an
explanation, either. If he didn’t want to talk about it, I’d respect it.
I wasn’t going to push the issue.

The next morning, I woke up to a notification on my phone. He’d sent me
a payment that was enough to cover two months’ worth of rent. I was
relieved, of course. Things were starting to get really tight. When I
asked how he’d gotten the money, he mentioned something about teaching
some kid’s classes at the gym.

When I got back to the apartment later that night, I found the place
dark and empty. I assumed Ismail wasn’t home but then I heard him
talking from inside the bathroom with the shower running. Sounded like
he was on a heated call, though I couldn’t make out exactly what he was
saying.

He came out of the bathroom a few minutes later, fully clothed, like he
hadn’t been in the shower at all. As soon as he saw me, he forced a
smile. I asked what was going on. He told me it was nothing. His
brother, Youssef, had gotten into some trouble back home and he was just
trying to figure everything out.

Before I could ask him anything else, he was out the door. He offered no
explanation, nothing.

I followed him down the hallway, asking if he was alright, whether he
was in some sort of trouble.

He told me he wasn’t, that there wasn’t anything I needed to be worried
about. Then he disappeared into the stairwell.

Obviously I didn’t believe him, but what was I going to do? Try and
force an answer out of him? If the guy didn’t want to talk about it, he
wasn’t going to.

By the time noon rolled around the next day, he still hadn’t come back.
He’d also gone radio silent. Wasn’t answering my messages, wasn’t
picking up my calls.

On my way to work, I stopped by his gym and asked if they’d seen him
around recently. They told me they hadn’t. Not in a while. I checked
with the Moroccan family downstairs, and they told me the same thing.

I’ve tried coming up with theories about what might’ve happened, but the
hypotheticals are driving me crazy.

The first thing I thought about was drugs, but that couldn’t have been
it. He just didn’t seem like the type. It’s was possible that he’d
gotten mixed up with the wrong people or borrowed money from somebody he
shouldn’t have. Maybe he was having family issues and had no choice but
to disappear back to Morocco. I don’t know. I’ve ran through a lot of
explanations in my head, but I can’t sell myself on any of them.

I was seriously considering pulling the trigger and filing a missing
person’s report before he finally called a few days later.

Though I was having a hell of a time trying to understand what he was
saying. Partly because he was speaking too fast, and also because the
line kept cutting in and out. I maybe caught every third word. Something
about “not letting go” and “money” and “dragging” somebody somewhere, I
don’t know.

The call only lasted about a minute before it dropped. I tried calling
him back several times, but it kept going to voicemail.

I started pacing around the apartment, trying and failing to figure out
what I was supposed to do next. For a while I considered just not doing
anything at all. That maybe this would all resolve itself and I didn’t
need to make it my problem.

I mean, I wasn’t even really involved in any of this to begin with. So
why the hell did I have to deal with it?

But I knew it wasn’t going to be that simple. He didn’t call me for
nothing. He obviously wanted me to do something, I just didn’t know what
it was. What I did know was that if something ended up happening to him
and I just sat on my ass doing nothing, it was going to haunt me for the
rest of my life.

Of course, the simplest plan of action was to just go to the cops. But I
didn’t really know what to tell them. I tried rehearsing different
versions of the story, but I couldn’t frame it in a way that didn’t
sound ridiculous. So, here’s the thing: my roommate started acting
really strange one day, and I haven’t seen him in a while. Then he
finally called me, but I could barely understand what he was saying. I
have a feeling he’s gotten himself involved in some real fucked up shit,
but I couldn’t tell you exactly what it is.

Yeah, there was no chance they were going to take me seriously.

So I decided to do a bit of investigation on my own beforehand. I was
racking my brain trying to figure out where to start when I remembered
that he’d given me the password to his laptop a few weeks back, when
he’d asked for help dealing with some malware.

I found his laptop on the coffee table and turned it on and began
snooping. I know, I know, privacy and all that. But if there ever was a
situation that could warrant breaching it, it’d be this one.

Going through his emails, I didn’t find much of note at first. Just a
lot of spam, some stuff from his gym, messages to his family. But then I
came across a thread he’d been having with “Alvermont Global Solutions”.
Which I’m guessing is some company. But I don’t know. I’ll paste a
portion of the thread below:

-—

From: Ismail
To: Francine
Date: Wed, Sept 30, 9:12 AM

Subject: Consumer Behavioral Study

 

Hi,

My name is Ismail. I was given your contact information by someone on
your team regarding a paid study that I may be able to participate in?
Are there still openings? Would I be able to get some more information?

Thanks,
Ismail

 

-—

From: Francine
To: Ismail
Date: Wed, Sept 30, 10:15 AM

Subject: Consumer Behavioral Study

 

Hi Ismail,

Thank you for your interest. We are currently accepting new applicants
for the consumer behavioral study. And yes, you will be compensated for
your time.

If you are interested in participating, please reply to this email and a
member of our recruitment team will reach out shortly and give you a
rundown of the next steps.

Please note that participation will be subject to certain eligibility
requirements.

Kind regards,

Francine
Recruitment, Consumer Studies
Alvermont Global Solutions
Better insights leading to a better future

 

-—

From: Ismail
To: Francine
Date: Wed, Sept 30, 10:42 AM

Subject: Consumer Behavioral Study

 

Yes, I’m very interested and I can start ASAP. Please have them contact
me.

-—

Nothing terribly strange so far. Though it obviously raises a lot of
questions that I can’t even begin to fathom the answers to. But I’ll
keep reading through the thread, see if I can figure something out.

Wait. I just heard the front door open.

I’ll update when I can.
