Introduction to the Games

I crack my knuckles and stretch my aching fingers as the timer ticks
down to 0:00 and the computer before me cuts off. The screen vanishes
with a subtle little power-down noise to dead black. I don’t even know
if my words were recorded, or if- as implied- they were ‘sent
somewhere’. But I did what I thought was best.

“Fuck”, I mutter, exercising my wrists as I stand up from my seat. Most
of the others finished ages ago. They’ve been talking to each other in
the corner of the room, though I only now begin to tune in to what
they’re saying.

“…travelling through Uttar Pradesh, on my way to Varanasi. I was almost
there too. I don’t remember what I was doing before I woke up in the
cylinder”. It’s Green, reliving his experience. He adjusts his glasses
and sighs.

Indigo shakes his head. “I haven’t been up that way for years. I live
down in Hyderabad now”.

“Mumbai, for me”, says Violet, and Yellow says likewise.

“Yes”, she murmurs. “I’m from Mumbai too”.

“Same here” Red grunts, with folded arms. “Could be a connection”. He
barks over to me. “Hey, Grey; you from Mumbai?”

“No”, I reply, “no, I’m not”.

“Huh”, he mutters. “Orange, what about you?”

But Orange remains sitting at her desk, hands steepled under her chin,
staring intently at the dark screen.

“Hey! Lady! I’m talking to you!”

“Give her a minute, chutiya”, Blue says sharply.

“Don’t swear at ME, kutiya! Don’t you see this is important! As you said
yourself, we have to-”

“I don’t disagree, but you can give her a minute for God’s sake”.

Red grumbles and fumes to himself.

“And what’s the deal with that scarf you’re wearing, Red? None of us
have anything like that”.

“How should I know?” he retorts defensively. “I haven’t even seen this
damned thing in months. It’s not even mine…”

​

I turn from the argument, and put a hand on Orange’s shoulder.

“Hey”, I say to her. “Are you good?”

She mutters to herself under her breath, and sighs. “I hope I got in
everything important. I feel like I missed so much… I can’t type as fast
as you”.

“It’s fine, don’t worry. You did what you could”. I look around at the
computers. “Honestly, it could all be just some sick psychological trick
anyway”.

She looks up at me. “You think so?”

“Well, maybe. I don’t know for sure. Just do your best to keep your
spirits up. I’m sure you got across what you intended”.

She snorts with a burst of sad, bitter laughter, but she rises up from
her seat. “Spirits up. Sure”.

​

The door with the red paint splashed across it grinds and creaks, and we
all turn to look.

After another moment more it begins to slide into the wall, revealing a
dark room beyond, bathed in eerie, red light.

​

We cautiously make our way inside, blinking as we adjust to the
darkness.

“Woah!” Blue suddenly throws out an arm, and stops me before I can carry
on any further.

I stop in surprise, and realise that I stand at the edge of a great,
dark pool of very still, very black water.

“Oh, shit”, I murmur. “Thanks”.

“Yeah”, she mutters, glancing at me. The paint across her face looks far
more pronounced beneath the dim red light. Red’s, on the other hand, is
barely visible. He points across the room.

“Hey, there’s another damned timer in here!”

This one sits above another door, also splashed in paint, though it’s
difficult to tell what colour it might be. The timer reads : 60:00 in
bright, glowing red.

A screen, previously hidden in shadow glitches into life. That same,
surreal man made of rock appears upon it. Out comes his voice, low and
deep:

“Welcome to the Red Room. You have fifty minutes until the Orange door
opens. You have sixty minutes until the Orange door is sealed forever.
Good luck, and enjoy the game”.

And at that, he promptly disappears, and the timer begins to tick down.

​

59:59

59:58

59:57

​

A surge of cold panic swells up into my chest.

‘Sealed forever…’

We stand there, dumbfounded, broken when Violet clenches her fists and
sets off into the darkness around the edge of the large, wide pool of
water before us. Even merely looking at it gives me the creeps. I cannot
see the bottom.

Violet’s movement triggers Red.

“Well don’t just stand there!” he shouts. “What the hell are we going to
do? We gotta split up and search this place already!”

“Obviously”, Blue interjects. “I found the red key-cards in a little
locker. Maybe there’s another similar such locker in here”.

I chime in before an argument can break out between the two, we really
don’t have the time to waste. “She’s right, there could easilly be a
locker in here somewhere- so that’s what we need to find. And if we do
as Red suggests and split up it’ll be quicker. Let’s move!”

There are nods and murmurs of agreement and we head off into the room.
The door behind us, I am not surprised to see, has sealed itself.

Blue and Green and I follow Violet around to the right, Red, Orange,
Yellow and Indigo go around to the left.

“This is mad”, Green mutters, tugging at his collar. “This whole thing…
Why us? Why are we being put through this? I keep expecting a bunch of
cameras to appear at any second. To yell ‘surprise’ and tell us that
we’re on TV”.

Blue makes a noise of amusement. “I wouldn’t count on it, buddy”.

“So we find the cards? Is that it? We find the cards and get ourselves
through to the next room?” I ask.

“I guess so, for now. Seven rooms, I should think”.

“…Seven rooms? What makes you say that?”

She hesitates. “Well, seven colours of the rainbow. The Asura, the man
made of rock, he said we need to open the Rainbow door to escape. I’m
just making a logical assumption”.

“But what about me?” I ask her. “I have a key too. What’s it for if not
for the final door?”

To this, she has no response.

“Right. Come on, let’s split up a little further. See what we can find”.
Green breaks from the trio and heads off to the room’s edge, to the
myriad of dark pipes that line the walls. Blue and I exchange a look and
then do likewise, searching the room.

​

We search as best we can. Testing for loose connections in the pipes.
Feeling into the shadows. I hear Red shout out in frustration from the
darkness… But there is nothing. The timer ticks steadily down, and the
pressure rises.

40:01

40:00

39:59

I see only a single point of interest. Up above me, near the ceiling, is
a groove in the wall, half-hidden behind twisting pipes. It looks like a
narrow little passage… like a vent, almost- I guess- but viewed from the
side. Blue appears alongside me. “What is it?” she asks, smoothing her
hair back from her head.

I point. “Take a look at that. That looks like something to me”.

She considers. “Here, give me a leg up”.

“What?”

“Help me up. I’m going to see if the bars are loose”.

The narrow little vent-like passage is blocked off by a series of metal
bars. These bars would prevent our entry, though I doubt that Blue or I
would be small enough to crawl through even without them. Yellow might
be, maybe. At a push. I crouch down and, with a grunt, help Blue up
above. She grabs onto a pipe and hauls herself up, reaching out and
grabbing onto one of the bars of the vent, twisting and pulling at it.

“You guys found something?” It’s Indigo. He’s joined us from around the
other side.

“Maybe”, I mutter, looking up. “Maybe not”.

Blue tries all five of the little bars, she searches around the
immediate area, she reaches through the bars into the gloomy little
space behind, but no, nothing budges. “Fuck!” she says with frustration,
hopping down to the ground with a little stumble. “It’s a vent, for
sure… it leads away into the dark in both directions… But it won’t
budge. What are we supposed to do?”

​

I sigh and rub a hand across my forehead. “Has anyone found anything?” I
call out into the red-gloom darkness.

“Not a damned thing!” Violet calls back to me.

There are other calls in the negative too.

​

I give voice to a theory I hoped not to be true as Green and Orange
approach us. “As much as I hate to say this, I think that it might be…
down there”, I say to them, gesturing to the water. I take a deep
breath. “I think it’s beneath the water”.

​

We consider this in silence.

​

“In the water, yes, it makes sense…” Blue murmurs.

I look between them. The people around me. Washed in the sinister
red-light, it is harder to simply judge them by their colours, and I am
forced to really consider their appearances.

Blue is a woman about my age. Slender. Her hair hangs behind one
shoulder, and her sleeves are rolled up to her elbows. Her eyes are
narrow, but bright. She reminds me of someone very important to me. She
stares down into the water in deep thought.

The red reflects in the light of Green’s glasses. His hair is scruffy
and light, and he stands wearing the hiking trousers of a traveller,
adorned in a thin, well-worn camo jacket.

Orange is older than myself, and the shortest of us all, bar Yellow. She
has a few years on me, though not quite a decade, I’d say. She shifts
and fidgets anxiously, rubbing her wrists as she looks between the door
and the great, wide pool. Her expression of cold, dark dread is one she
has worn since the beginning.

And Indigo. Unreadable. Tall, and thin. He stares down into the water,
unblinking.

“…So who’s going down then?” he asks quietly.

​

Violet approaches from the darkness. I study her. She has ear piercings
and a nose ring that glitter in the feeble flight. “What’s going on?”
she asks. “Why have you all stopped searching?”

“We’ve run out of places to look”, says Blue. “Grey thinks the locker is
down in the water, and he’s probably right”.

“Fuck… So who’s going down?”

“That’s what I just asked”, Indigo murmurs.

“Well, who’s the best swimmer?” Blue asks, looking around at the group.
Red and Yellow appear from the shadows to join us.

“What do you think, Orange?” Violet asks, to the woman’s surprise.
“Wanna go for a little dip?”

Orange takes a hasty step in retreat and puts out her hands. “What? No,
no I’m not a good swimmer”.

“You think the locker’s down there in the water”, Red says. It’s not a
question. “How deep does it go?”

“Who could say”, Blue replies, peering over the edge. “Might be shallow
enough to stand up in for all we know”.

​

There’s another silence. Everyone waiting for someone else to volunteer
to go down and into the dark.

​

Red taps his foot. “Blue? Green? You both look fit enough. Test out the
water”.

“You could test it out yourself, mate”, Green replies.

“The timer is still TICKING”, Red says loudly, throwing out a hand
towards it. “We are wasting TIME”.

“Anything could be down there”, Indigo says, almost to himself. “A
person might get themselves drowned. This is the ‘Drowned Man’ games,
after all”.

Arguments begin to break out.

Images of the cylinder flash through my head and I have to force down a
bubble of panic.

​

“We’re thinking about this wrong…” says Violet, with such conviction
that the murmuring around the room dies down. “We need the keys to get
through the final door, right?”

“Right”, Blue replies.

“But we only need seven. The seven colours of the rainbow. Which means
one of the keys is expendable”.

​

Violet lifts her gaze, and looks right at me. Everyone else does
likewise.

​

I put out my hands and laugh, awkwardly. “Wait- guys, hold on just a
minute-”

“She has a point”, Indigo shrugs.

“Wait, no! That’s-” I fumble for words. “We don’t know for certain what
use my key might actually have. Mine might be the most important, for
all we know”.

“All we know for sure are the rules we were told in the beginning”. Blue
mutters, though she’s the only one not looking at me. “It is… it is the
rational choice”.

I shoot another quick glance to the water.

​

…The dark, still, hungry water. Hiding its terrible secrets beneath the
black.

…There could be anything down there.

​

“…Sorry”, Blue mutters. “But look, don’t worry you’ll be fine”.

Fucking easy for you to say, I think.

I can feel the atmosphere of the group shift. A common point to rally
around. Without them even saying anything, I can feel the pressure
steadily build.

Green takes a step towards me. “We’re all going to have to do stuff, I
should think. And someone’s going to have to take the first hit. I think
this one needs to be you, mate”.

I run a hand through my hair.

Am I really going to do this? Dive down into the depths?

“…Look, guys-”

Red taps his foot impatiently. “Just get down there, man. For the good
of the team already”.

“…Fuck’s sake..” I feel myself start to sweat. “If I do this”, I say to
the group. Thinking about my next words carefully: “I’m doing it as a
gesture of goodwill to the group. As you say… for the good of the TEAM.
So I- I will expect you all to step up too as we go forward. I won’t
allow myself to be used a perpetual scapegoat because of my assigned
colour. Is that understood?”

“Yeah yeah”, Red says with a wave of his hand. “We hear you, loud and
clear. Now down you go!”

My heart starts to pound as I take off my shoes and trousers. Might as
well minimise the clothing that’s about to get even more soaked. Can’t
take my shirt off though due to the metal collar strapped around my
neck, but whatever. It’s fine.

I sit myself on the edge of the pool, and with clenched teeth I steadily
lower a leg down into the void.

​

…The water is warm.

​

I relay this to the group.

“I wonder if there’s some kind of machinery keeping it a certain
temperature”, Blue muses aloud.

Machinery beneath the water. Great. Just what I was hoping for.

“Look, I’m sorry to rush you but we don’t have a lot of time”, says
Violet, glancing behind her to the clock. “Can you hurry up?”

“Please, be careful”, says Yellow, brushing her hair from her eyes as
she watches me descend.

I keep hoping that my foot is going to strike the ‘bottom’… but it does
not, as I lower myself in to my waist, resting on the side.

“Goddamnit…” I mutter, looking up at them all, gawping down at me.
“We’ve definitely checked everywhere, right? There’s no locker? Or even
any place to store the cards in this whole room?”

There are shaking heads and murmurs in response.

“Do what you can”, Orange urges. “You’ll be alright”.

I think this might be the first bit of positivity I’ve heard from her so
far. I try to draw courage from this.

“Fine. Well… Here we go”.

No point delaying.

I take a deep breath, and plunge myself beneath the water, trying not to
think about how this exact situation is essentially, my worst fear.

…It’s not as bad as the cylinder, though. There’s that much. At least I
know I can come back up for air any time I like.

Bubbles rush past my face as I descend, kicking and pushing aside the
water with my hands. I dread to think what poison lurks around me, but I
need to be able to see… so I open my eyes.

​

The water shimmers.

​

For the first few seconds I might as well be adrift in space.

​

Lost in the void.

​

A tiny speck in the endless dark.

​

Don’t panic. Don’t panic.

​

But I push myself down, lower and lower… the sounds of the surface are
completely lost in favour of the gurgling water, and a low, deep hum
coming up from below.

…And there’s something else below, too. Other light sources. Weak and
subtle, but definitely coming up from below. Red and feeble. My eyes
adjust, struggling to see through the thickness of the water…

…And still I go down. Deeper, and deeper. I cannot see the bottom.

​

…What I do see, emerging from the darkness below, is a monster. Two cold
and staring eyes and a mouth curled up in a snarl. Its eyes bore into
mine, and I panic.

Air escapes from my mouth as I launch myself backwards, scrabbling and
screaming and clawing for the surface-

​

-WHERE IS IT!? WHERE IS THE SURFACE! I’M GOING TO DIE. I’M GOING TO
DROWN DOWN HERE.

​

…But after a few, terrible long moments and with burning lungs I break
back up into the world above, reaching the side of the ‘pool’ and
throwing myself back up onto the tile, panting and spluttering.

The others all back quickly away in alarm.

“What is it? What’s down there?” Blue asks me, eyes wide.

Green is the first to approach me, he reaches out a hand to help me up.
“You alright? What’s down there?”

I glance round at the others. Red staring at me, jaw clenched. Yellow,
hiding behind him, staring at me with terrified eyes. Indigo, looking
thoughtfully down to the water…

I calm myself, taking some deep, slow breaths, and try to think
rationally.

“A- A monster, of some kind”, I mutter. Thinking about what I saw. “But…
It wasn’t moving, so… So it could have been a statue, I guess-”

Red swears in frustration and throws out his arms, his scarf flapping
down against his chest. “Are you kidding me, son? A fucking statue? You
scream and run like a little girl because of a statue? You scared me
half to death with that damned outburst just now!” he points to the
timer.

​

30:36

30:35

30:34

​

“We’re running out of time! We haven’t gotten the door open and we
haven’t gotten any bloody cards! They’re down there, in the water!”

“Well you’re perfectly welcome to have a go yourself, buddy!” I shout at
him, before cooling myself. “Look, I might have over-reacted, but I’m
under a lot of pressure here. We all are, I appreciate that. I’m not
going to force the issue but we’d have a better chance if more of us
went down to explore. That’s just common sense”.

Blue sighs. “I’m a good swimmer. I can hold my breath for a long time,
I’ll help you out, alright”.

Violet cuts in. “But the keys, we need the blue key to-”

“I’ll be fine. I’m not going to drown”.

Red mutters angrily. “Stupid woman. You’re not thinking about the good
of the group-”

“If I stay here twiddling my thumbs then I’m going to get trapped in
here with the rest of you, forever. That isn’t in my interest. If I’m
going to die either way then I might as well use the time to try and
improve my chances”. Blue sighs and pulls off her shoes, unbuttoning and
sliding off her trousers. Red glances down and opens his mouth, as if
about to make a rude joke, then decides against it.

Blue clambers down to the side next to me and slides her legs into the
water. “Whereabouts was the statue?”

“I THINK it was a statue so, just be careful”, I warn her, returning
into the water myself, despite the primal fear of the unknown… of the
deep… telling me to run the hell away.

…Run where, exactly? Where is there to run to?

“…and I think it was just about there, though much further down,
obviously”. I gesture to an area of the pool.

She nods. “Alright, Let’s do this. Ready?”

I shoot one more quick look back up to the timer.

“…Yeah. Here we go”.

We both take a deep breath, and duck beneath the surface.

…The bubbles rush past my ears, and I am returned to the void.

​

All around.

​

Dark, endless deep.

​

Don’t panic. Don’t panic.

​

As I descend, the anticipation of the appearance of the monster is
almost worse than the surprise itself.

I see through the darkness the shape of Blue beside me, pushing out her
arms to swim down at the same pace.

Any second now… Any second…

And my blood runs cold as the face of the monster reappears from the
darkness below, illuminated ever so slightly in that feeble red light
from beneath.

I hear a noise from Blue beside me. Bubbles escape her lips and she
pauses, looking over to me… and then back to the monster. We study it a
little closer.

It is a statue, alright. Made of stone. Staring eyes, and a mouth
twisted into a snarl… And it’s familiar, too. It isn’t just some random
creature… It’s the man who appears on the video. The beast-like man made
of stone. His hands are open, palms facing up, and he has been carved to
sit cross-legged. What was it he called himself? Blue said it out loud
once…

​

…The ‘Asura’, yes, that was it… This is him, in the flesh…. Well, in the
‘stone’, I guess.

​

We dare to approach a little closer, and to my relief the bottom of the
pool becomes finally visible at the base of the statue. The humming is
louder now, but it’s an enormous relief to know that this pool actually
does have a lower-most point.

…I knew that it must have had one, of course… Logically speaking. But
the idea that it might just keep going down… Down, and down forever and
into the abyss…

​

…I shiver, despite the water’s warmth.

There’s something else down here too. Piled around the statue’s base.

…They’re human sized, but faceless.

Like crash test dummies. Lifesize, featureless, identical dolls. The
atmosphere down here at the bottom of the pool could not be more
sinister. These ‘dummies’ are piled up around the base of the statue
like corpses. Sacrifices, at some dark, deep-sea altar.

I quickly count them, treading water and keeping myself in place.

​

…Eight. Yep. I shouldn’t be surprised, I suppose.

​

Blue makes a noise beside me. I look over to her, and see that she is
pointing at one of the dummies. She gestures to her own neck, to her
collar, and then points back down to the dummy. I squint and take a look
at the dummy’s neck, and my heart leaps.

…There’s a card there. Stuck into the dummy’s neck, I can see a card!

From my current position in the water I can make out the necks of two
other dummies, and yes, both have cards attached to theirs also.

Right!

I power myself down through the water, avoiding the terrible glare of
the Asura, and Blue does likewise. My ears pop with the change in
pressure, but I’m so close… My chest is starting to ache, but it’s okay,
we have what we were looking for… I reach out and grab ahold of the card
protruding from the dummy’s neck, and I yank it out. The dummy twitches
and its head lolls slowly down through the water as I claim my prize. I
would collect more, but, I need air. God, I need air. So I turn in the
water and kick my way back up to the surface, glancing to Blue to make
sure she’s doing the same.

​

Up I go, up, up, up…

​

And I break the surface for the second time, allowing in great gasps of
air as I swim to the side and haul myself up to sit on the edge,
spitting and wiping the water from my fringe.

I hold up the card.

Orange brings her hands up to her mouth in relief. “Well done”, I think
I hear her say.

“Hey, you found one!” says Green, “were there more? Did you see any
others? Was there a locker?”

“No”, I say, coughing. “No locker this time-”

My sentence is cut in the middle as I feel the card get snatched out of
my hand. “Hey!” I exclaim, turning to look, as Violet, with the card
between her fingers, slots it quickly into the groove in her collar.

​

…It beeps, and chimes, and the for the rest of us, the card is rendered
useless. That’s the rule. One use per card.

​

I stare at her in disbelief, and Blue finds herself re-surfacing to a
shocked silence.

“What the hell did you do that for?” I ask her, angrily. “I found that
card! I went down to go get it!”

She shrugs. “So what? You went down for us, right? That was the whole
point? Did you see any more?”

“Yes, I did, thankfully, but-”

“Then there’s no problem, is there”, Violet replies, crossing her arms.

Green snorts. “Fuckin’ bitch”.

She shoots him a violent look. “What the fuck did you just say to me?”

“You heard me”, he replies levelly.

Orange speaks up. “That was very rude. You had no right to do that,
Violet”.

“Don’t you dare speak to me like that”, Violet retorts. “You of all
people. You have NO right!”

“What? …I don’t know what you mean?” Orange replies uncertainly.

Red interrupts with a bark. “We are RUNNING OUT OF TIME, HERE. WE’RE ON
THE CLOCK, PEOPLE”. He turns to me. “You DID see other cards down there,
right? Enough for us all?”

“Yes”, I reply, glancing at Blue. “Yes, I think so”.

Red claps his hands. “Good, great! Well get a move on then, chop chop!”

I clench my jaw. “You could show a little fucking gratitude”, I tell
him.

Blue, watching this whole exchange in quiet thought, decides to slip the
card she has rescued into her own collar. It beeps, and chimes.

“Six more to go”, she says. “You good, Grey?”

“Yeah”, I tell her. “Yeah. Let’s do this”.

So back down we go.

​

Down through the depths.

​

I might have worked out how far away the bottom is, but it is still
impossible to see the walls, even from very close by. This gives the
impression that there are no walls, and that the water extends out in
all possible directions, endlessly. The sense that something could come
slithering through the darkness towards me at any given moment is a
powerful one, so I try to remain focused on the task at hand.

The cards. Grab the cards.

I see the statue and push the dummies out of the way to reach the ones
at the bottom of the heap. On this run I manage to grab three further
cards. Blue I think grabs two.

Up we go, back up into the gloom, and the cards are redistributed. I
‘chime’ my own collar, and cards are given to Orange, Yellow, Green and
Red.

Just Indigo to go now.

So back down I go, with Blue. One last trip.

We descend to the bottom and hunt through the dummies… momentarily
panicked when it seems like there might be none left…

…But no, there it is. Protruding from the neck of a dummy knocked to the
side. I swim down to grab it, clutching it between my fingers, and up we
rise. Back, at last, and in finality, to the surface.

We ascend and clamber up over the side, doing our best to brush the
water from our bodies, running our fingers through our hair… I go to
Indigo as I do this. “Here”, I tell him, holding out the card.

“Great”, he says with relief, then after a pause: “thank you”. He slots
it into his collar, and it beeps, and chimes.

​

…All safe, then. All safe, for now. We can, in theory, make our way
through the door to the next room without our collars ‘activating’… But
the door, it seems, remains closed.

I glance to the timer:

11:04

11:03

11:02

“What are we going to do?” Yellow asks, her voice wavering. “Why won’t
the door open?”

“How did it open last time?” Green asks.

Orange replies: “It just opened by itself. Once we all had our cards… it
just opened”.

“Well why isn’t it doing that this time?” says Green, going up to the
door to examine it. “Grey, lend me a hand would you?”

I go up to the door with him, trying to push and force it open.

The others start arguing in gradually rising tones. Only Indigo and Blue
stand apart, in cool silence.

“Just give it a moment…” Blue mutters. Not many people hear her, I
think, though I do. Her eyes are fixed on the timer. “We have to wait..”

“Open up you damned bastard! We got your bloody keys already!” Red
barks, kicking the door as he fruitlessly did in the previous room.

…But nothing happens. Nothing happens until the timer ticks down to ten
minutes.

10:03

10:02

10:01

10:00

And with this, the door begins to slide open all by itself. It whirrs
and grinds and a mechanical creak rumbles steadily around the room. It
slots itself into the wall, and a dark passage is revealed beyond.

I look back up to the timer.

…It’s still ticking down.

​

09:49

09:48

09:47

​

“Why is it still going down?” Orange asks.

“This is our window of escape”, Blue replies quietly, as we watch the
numbers steadily change. “Then once it hits zero… Boom. That’s it. If
you aren’t out by then, well… too bad”.

Red shakes his head. “This is twisted”, he mutters. “Who would put us
through something like this? Some kind of terrorist group, maybe? Or
some secret society?”

“I wonder what the next room will be”, Indigo says to himself, striding
forwards and into the darkness.

Green and I exchange a look and then follow on behind. Blue comes with
us, and then Red and the others.

“Ow”, comes a voice from the back. Sounds like Orange. “Please, there’s
no need to shove. We’ll all get through”.

“Don’t tell me what to do”, says Violet.

Orange’s tone rises a little. “You know, I thought that what you did
earlier was really rude. Pathetic, actually. Stealing his card like
that”.

A laugh ripples through the shadowy corridor from behind. Green half
turns to look. Blue does likewise.

​

“…You really don’t remember me, do you?” Violet mutters, as we head
towards the computers.

​

[Part 3: The Orange Room]
