Hey folks! A friend pointed me over to this subreddit and told me it
would be the perfect place to share some of the stories of my youth.

I was a working man for most my adult life, so I never really had the
chance to have kids of my own to pass on a legacy. One of my biggest
fears as an older man is to die without having passed something on, so I
hope I can pass on what little I have to the next generation, even if
it’s just a tall tale from myself, an old retired mechanic.

It happened on a night that was as cold and dark as any other night in
the provinces. My grandfather, Andeng, was smoking a cigar he’d made
himself from wild tobacco that grew around town. The whole house smelled
like amber and warm evenings. 

I was doing my homework when, all of a sudden, my grandmother came
bursting through the door, barefoot, wet with sweat and mud, screaming
and hopping on her toes as though a thousand insects were crawling all
over her.

“Andeng! Andeng! I found Shelly! I saw our missing cow!” She sobbed, 

“She was in the trees!” Her inflection soaring with fright. “It’s the
Danglemouth!” Those were her last words before my grandfather, who had
been sitting on a beaten recliner, caught her  in the act of passing
out.

He sat her down on the recliner, kissing her on her forehead as he
kneeled beside his wife. 

“What was she talking about, Grandfather?” I asked.

“Danglemouth.” He whispered to himself, eyes glassed with an ancient
fright. “Danglemouth. I guess I never told you about that. The legend of
the Danglemouth.” He let out a dry chuckle.

“What is it?”

“Iho, I need you to listen carefully.” There was a foreboding dread in
his tone, as though a seer given to  visions of the most terrible
kind.   

“Go find an old pack of cigarettes under my bed. The Concords.” he said,
keeping his gaze on my grandmother. 

“And hand it to Mareng Celi. Tell her to come to the square. She’ll
understand.” He shot up to his feet before strutting to the doorway with
the urgency of murder. What the hell was going on?

“And once you give it to her,” He yelled to me as he put on his
slippers, “you go home, and you don’t leave the house. Okay?” He grabs
me by the shoulder and squeezes hard. “And if you hear anything outside,
if you hear anyone asking to come in, you hold your breath, okay?”

“What’s going on? Hold my breath? Grandfather, I’m scared.” I said,
fighting away tears.

“Scared is good.” Without another word, he takes to the dark road, still
smelling of tobacco.

I rummage under his bed and, sure enough, find an old, yellowing pack of
Concord cigarettes. It didn’t have cigarettes. 

I run down the dirt road, the night sky dotted with milky stars and
nocturnal birdcalls. After about five minutes I reached the low hanging
shack of straw and corrugated steel where Mareng Celi lived. 

“Mareng Celi! Mareng Celi! It’s Grandfather!” I yelled, still catching
my breath. An old woman, half naked and smelling of pale ale, rushes to
the door with irritated urgency 

“The hell?” she screeched, drunk.

“He said to give this to you.” I hand over the pack of Concord
cigarettes. It was heavy, and inside were shells, some looking burnt,
some pristine, all half buried beneath fine white salt.

Mareng Celi paused. Hastily, she took the box off my hands.

“Shit! Shit shit shit!’ she hadn’t opened the box yet, but knew well
enough what it meant.  “Did he say anything else?” she yells out as she
jogs over to her bedroom. I hear glass bottles chittering and crashing.

“No, just said to come to the square.” I said, crying now, each word
squeezed between frantic sobbing. Why was there such a panic over our
cow? Shelly had gone missing weeks ago, and she was too old to butcher
or rear young, so Grandfather didn’t bother looking for her too hard. 
What was going on? I’d find out soon enough.

“Go buy yourself some candy and go home”  She told me, handing me a
twenty peso bill, back from her bedroom, dressed and with a giant bolo
at her waist, its leather sheath tattered and hanging by a thread, but
the blade evidently maintained and honed, sharp enough to cut through
air, threatening to sever what little threads held its sheath together.
The pack of cigarettes was left unopened in her pocket. I tucked the
bill into my underwear. 

“But I want to help!” I protested

“Go home!” She yelled as she disappeared into the starry night.

Now, what would you have done in my shoes? A curious teenager hearing
tell of your family’s missing cow, your dear pet, from your frightened
grandmother, whose mania seems to have infected the whole town. It was a
chance to prove myself as one of the men, of course! I too, could stand
against my grandmother’s nightmares! At least, I thought I could.

Naturally, I followed. 

I crept along, feeling my heart slam against my eardrums, as I followed
our family friend from afar. As we got closer to the square, there was
an eerie silence from all the homes. Even in the wee hours, TVs would be
blaring American cartoons and karaokes would be competing with the
metallic songs of cicadas. Remembering it now, that thick silence, as
suffocating as cold water, sends chills up my spine. Looking back, I
don’t recall any noise at all. No cicadas, no birdsong, no chirps or
croaks or whispers between cold, harsh stone walls. Not even my own
breathing.

Mareng Celi gets to the square, which was the community center of sorts.
It was a paved clearing surrounded on all sides by stores and houses,
all crowded shoulder to shoulder, so that the only entrances to the
square were the tight alleys between the buildings, spacious enough to
wrestle in one person at a time. 

The Square itself was a flat of pavement that occasionally housed chalk
art and spilled food. There was a cotton fruit tree at the northeastern
corner of the Square, and every so often its fruits would splat on the
hot summer pad, summoning little red planets of chitin, eating away at
fermenting fruit.

The place truly was nothing,  save for what we made of it. Aerobics
classes, singing competitions, birthday parties, or any excuse to eat
with friends. Some days, when the wind blew down south, we could hear
music from the Square being carried home. Such a beautiful sound.

There was no music that night. Another sound. Something terrible.

Once Mareng Celi squeezed through one of the entrances, I followed after
her. Peeking at the square, I saw that scene that I see today in my
nightmares.

There, on that desolate concrete level, naked men, naked women, all
covered in mud and cow dung. 

Have you ever smelled human shit left in the sun? It doesn’t smell like
an animal’s. It’s bitter, like astringent tea, with a scent you’d only
smell in a warm butcher’s shop. Their arms were spread out as though
receiving something from heaven, except something about their posturing,
their languid crooks and angles, bent back and doubled on their knees,
as though –Yes! They were like trees! Trees! 

To each of their fingers was tied a branch, their hair had straws in
them, like bird’s nests. They were all as quiet as trees, barely moving.
I don’t think I ever saw them take a breath. Each pose was more unhuman
and crooked than the last, but they all had one thing in common: They
were all facing away from the center of the Square.

“Hey!” Yelled my grandfather, “Go home, Iho! This is adult business!”
Mareng Celi turns around, in shock and fury. My grandfather was running
up to me now. I see his naked body, black and green from filth, save for
his head, which was still clean, still him. As he got close, I smelled
astringent filth clawing at my nostrils. It was as though he were a
rotting corpse. Each of his fingers had a branch stuck on it, like the
claws of a forest spirit. Such terrifying stature, such horrifying
speed.

“I told you to go leave, you stupid boy!” She yelled.

“There’s no time, he’ll need to get in the circle!” Said grandfather.

“What? Is it already on its way?” 

“Grandpa?” I said, hysterical, heart drumming in my ears, searing
vertigo as horrible sights ransacked all the safety in ignorance. “What
is that in the middle?”

“I’m sorry, Iho.” 

In the middle, there was a boy, his name was Sonny, I think. I couldn’t
tell. Only his head was visible. The rest of his body was stuck in a
hollow log. I saw his feet kicking and writhing like worms in salt. He
was screaming. 

Screaming? No, not screaming. He was calling. Calling someone, calling
out in awful agony as a million ants bit away at him, covered the whites
of his eyes and ate at the hairs in his nose, taking chunks of him out
as if he was pork on the ground. He was calling for his mother. Some
part of me hopes she was there. He was lying on his side in the middle
of the Square, rolling uselessly. Desperately. 

“What’s happening to him? Why is he in a log!?” I felt horrible
electricity surging through my body, every inch of me telling me to
turn, to run away, with that same manic energy my grandmother had not
long ago.

“It’s too late, Andeng!” Barked Mareng Celi, “Look at the time!” It was
almost midnight. “Even if he left now, he won’t make it home!”

“Goddamnit!” I’d never heard him yell like that before. “Iho, you stay
with me. Okay?” 

“Yes, Grandfather.” My ears were ringing, heart pounding like angry
knocks.

“You’re going to have to look like me.” He whispered.

“Now, stay still.” He wiped me head to toe with cow dung and mud. The
smell was awful. Can you imagine it? Old, moldy dung with worms and
grubs, smelling like shit, awful shit, the kind that made you gag at a
whiff. I vomited out our whole dinner. Fried eggplant. Feeling the filth
on me, I remember how pliable and sandy it was. It tasted like batteries
and an unwashed body. Grandfather didn’t smell like cigars anymore. 

Each time I vomited he said yes, good and wiped the vomit on me as well
as himself, lathering his old wrinkly face with hot yellow vomit and
animal filth. My stomach was cramping by the end. Soon, I looked just
like all the other people in the square. The kid in the log, too tired
to call for his mother, resorted to animalic screams. 

“I’m sorry Iho. I’m so sorry.” I couldn’t see it well from the filth on
his face, but there were tears.

“It’s time!” Yelled Mareng Celi. 11:58 

Without a word, my grandfather took me to the circle of naked adults.

“Whatever happens, you stand still, okay?” He whispered. I nod.

“What’s going on?” My voice was barely louder than a heartbeat.

“The boy in the middle,” whispered my grandfather, with that same glassy
stare he had when my grandmother came home earlier, “he’s bait.”

“One minute!” Yelled Mareng Celi, who had hidden herself among the
naked, breathing through her mouth.

In that dim moonlight, far off in the mountains, we heard an endless
torrent of cracking and booming, roaring closer and closer, threatening
to trample us in its wake. Soon we saw it, high in the mountains, as
though a snake slithering through weeds, we saw ancient wood being
trampled and made to supplicate as trees swung wildly to the will of
some giant thing. It was fast. So unthinkably fast. Its trail grew
kilometers by the seconds. 

Can you imagine it? Some great terrible thing, an ancient
titan,invisible as it was, shearing a mountainface with a speed no bird
or machine could ever come close to?

“Iho,” There was fear in his eyes now, a terrible fear. “If something
goes wrong, you hold your breath and get as close to home as possible.
Once you do, you sit on the ground, close your eyes, and–” 

“Positions!” Yelled Mareng Celi.

Grandfather stopped dead in his tracks. He stooped crooked when he was
whispering, his knees half bent. Such a painful posture to hold,
especially with his arthritis, but he dared not move. I could feel his
body quiver as he fought to keep still.

And then the trees went quiet. They have been spared the rod. 

It was there.

I heard it before I saw it. 

The Danglemouth.

Wild baying, a sound unmistakably a cow, but a sound you’d never hear it
make. My heart dropped, I was sweating so much I feared I’d wash away
the shit and vomit on my skin. 

I remember helping Grandfather with butchering when I was thirteen. It
was a younger cow, who had refused to eat since her partner died. She
was thin and frail, so frail that Grandfather thought I could butcher
the cow. I remember praying, I remember closing my eyes, and I remember
the cleaver hitting what felt like stone. 

I didn’t hit it hard enough. 

The blade slid past her cervical bone and down her throat, being just
barely lethal. Just barely. The sounds it made, the blood spewing like a
geyser, a great howling of desperation, of betrayal, of fear, such
bottomless, primal fear. I remember it well. 

But the sound I heard from Shelly, as she dangled in the sky along with
the milky stars, her body taught straight by her weight, held in a way a
cow was never meant to be held, letting out a sound never intended to
leave living lungs. Such a terrible sound.

Her trotters were tired, hanging down her body like wilted leaves,
twitching wildly as she got closer to us, that forest of naked skin and
excrement. I heard Sonny scream louder, his fear and anguish renewed by
what he saw. I think he cried for his mother again.

Shelly began bobbing up and down the air, being flung ten meters in a
second before floating down, her death rattle intensifying as with the
ebb and flow of some torturous thing. I felt warm water down my leg.
Grandfather was quivering hard as he fought away a sob. It was his cow
afterall. His pet. The one he allowed to reach old age.

Soon, the bobbing stopped. Shelly flew closer to the crying boy, who was
now letting out a painful, guttural cry. Still, the Danglemouth grew
closer, and closer, yet all it was, was a floating Shelly.

Once the cow was a mere stonetoss away from the tortured boy, every
person in the Square saw it, all at once. In an instant, we saw a tall
thing standing amongst us, some black mass in the shape of something
with two legs and a torso, but not at all human. 

A towering devil, come to steal, kill, and plunder with fury. Evil.
Evil. Evil. A bottomless height, a pit that swallowed you upward. A
falling, falling, falling that promised no floor, no end. It was a
blackness that darkened even the night sky. 

I could tell you it was a thousand meters tall and a hundred wide, or
hell, a million. I could tell you that the thing in the square was just
its finger, that its hands outnumbered all the stars in the sky. But
what’s the point?

At once, the thing let loose more of its bait, more of its lures. From
the black vacancy of the sky flung down men from ages past, still in
their uniforms of war, of work. Women with skins the colors of a boggy
river. Children as black as mold. Some groaned, some cried, but most of
them were quiet, having died a long time ago in the Danglemouth’s
tacklebox.

Hundreds of them swirling around that poor boy like a carousel of
corpses, a galaxy of the dead swinging around, closer, and closer, and
closer still to that child who was screaming through locked teeth. 

They all called to the boy in the middle, all of them dangling from
invisible lines, their necks held in a whiplash, their heads thrown back
in eternal ecstasy or death or simply a mechanical joke. 

The smell of it all, like opening a war coffin. Imagine it. The grave of
a hundred dead men, opened at once. The miasma of it, the rot beyond
rot. A tea of rotted bones and blackened flesh. 

And then, in that vortex of bodies, I saw my grandmother.

Still in the clothes she had earlier. Still wet with mud. 

She never made it home. 

She was the lure.

My grandfather buckles to his knees, bringing me down along with him. He
was sobbing wildly. In that instant, all the lures turn to us. It swung
the corpse of my grandmother, his wife, up to us. She was trying to say
something, but all she could produce was a wide-mouthed groan of
despair. 

In an instant, my grandfather flew up into the air quietly. The speed of
his ascension snapped his neck. At least, that’s what I tell myself.
Suddenly, a voice.

“Andeng!” Shouted Mareng Celi, blowing from her curled hand a heap of
black salt from the pack of Concords. But it was too late.

Suddenly, the stars returned to the sky, and the Danglemouth was gone.
And so were my grandparents.

Well, I’m glad you’ve read my story to the end! This one’s a bit hard to
believe, but I swear on my soul, it is true! The Danglemouth was said to
have used living things as bait to lure in lost travelers and naughty
kids. I still haven’t figured out what the salt in the cigarettes was
for. Mareng Celi moved to the city soon after the incident. Almost
everyone did, including me. I do miss the provincial air, such a sweet
smell.

I hope one day I can write to you all again, if you lot have the time to
humor an old man.
