I know this sub is for more fake story’s but I really want to see if
anyone else ran into him or others like him who exploit and possibly
groom vulnerable women

I seemingly stumbled upon a chain of people on telegram targeting young
and underage girls who struggle with eating disorders to get “progress
photos” but in other words pictures of girls as nude as they can get
them.

October 2024, I was 16, on tik tok I was fallowed by someone with the
name Paul in the username, at the time I liked a boy named Paul so I
fallowed him back as a joke. A day later I was dmed by him asking if I
wanted free weight loss coaching, I missed his bio which said “fallow
back if you want free coaching”. I had been loosing weight for awhile
(120lbs to 105) and knew free coaching sounded to good to be true but I
accepted any ways, just making sure I’d be hyper aware this was most
likely a scam.

He made me switch over to telegram which at least from what I’ve heard
is an extremely shady app. His user name there was just “O”, he also let
me know he was French so his English might not be the best. He let me
know his rules which were all normal like taking pictures of what you
eat, sharing exercises, weigh ins, and just discussing through the day.
However he also wanted progress pictures. Despite me knowing that felt
weird I still complied and sent my first one which was in leggings and a
shirt but I pulled the shirt up to show my stomach. He kept insisting
that I needed to show more skin to truly show my progress but I never
really listened.

At the start all I knew about him was he was from France, worked with
many other girls, and was supposedly coaching for free because he always
wanted to coach but was injured so he couldn’t get his certification or
something like that, I don’t remember.

Originally I only wanted to get to 102 or 100 to be in shape for cross
country, but he insisted 99 just to get under 100, then 95, 90, and
eventually 85.

My day would consist of waking up, running 6 miles, going to school,
going to practice and running another 6, going to the gym for 60 minutes
on the stairs and going home to do a core workout then going to bed.

Since I didn’t have anytime anymore he was basically the only person I
would talk to, I grew super close to him and started letting my guard
down because I felt I finally realized what the catch was to the free
coaching which was he was just lonely and wanted someone to share their
day with him. I would share everything, how I felt, my irl relation
ships, and how I was doing in school. He also started sharing more and I
eventually got pictures of his apartment (to show the snow), his car
(because my dad had the same one), and where he lived, Versailles
France.

Since I was so close to him I did give into him asking to show more in
pictures as I did trust him.

I got so close to him in fact, that he shared a screen shot of how I was
pinned at the top of his telegram, and I was his favorite “student”. The
screen shot made me feel sick. I’m trying to attach it to the post but
ngl I can’t figure out how to. It was obviously me pinned at the top,
then below was one more pinned chat and multiple other chats with other
girls names under that. The only other pinned chat was just a
combination of emoji’s like 👭🩲🌬️❤️🌎, it was partially scribbled out
but easily legible.

Many of the other girls pictures he would share with me (probably
unbeknownst to them) looked very very young, probably 12-22 was the age
range of girls.

This freaked me out so much because he was obviously a creep that just
was doing it to get pictures of girls in their underwear then sharing it
so another group chat. I started looking into him with as much
information as I could possibly find in our chats. Versailles is huge so
with a picture he took of a bike in a gym I found the gym he went to
then from that based off the pictures of the streets from his apartment
and car u tried finding it on Google Maps but wasn’t successful.

However I did find his insta which is Paul.the_coach. His fallowing list
is insane. He 100% has a fetish for severely underweight girls as like
90% of his fallowing list is just emaciated women.

Obviously this account is a second account for him as there’s no profile
picture but in his fallowing list I found an account I think is his
which is Paul Codio since this account fallows a lot of similar accounts
but I’m not 100% on that. He goes by like multiple names, he asks to me
referred to as Paul, his telegram name is O, his name on many accounts
in paul Martin and I don’t remember where but I also remember thinking
his name was Oliver.

Another red flag is he started sharing pictures of the other girls he
had, one specifically was was another cross country girl he sent saying
we were similar, the pictures he shared I was extremely off put as if I
were her I would not want him sharing photos of me at my highest weight
then emaciated in a bikini. He face really stuck in my head though and
out of pure coincidence tik tok gave me a video of hers which is
actually crazy, I immediately recognized her and went to her account
where I found that it was a recovery account. I felt so bad because I
was the only one who probably knew she relapsed and was working with a
weight loss coach. She has a motive fallowing on insta and tik tok

I found all that out last winter. I did stop talking to him summer of
2025 so that I could have a fresh start for college and leave it in the
past, but after I had the worst season of my life likely contributed by
the under fueling the year before I started to overexercise and restrict
again which got me kicked off my college team. I was a 4 hour drive from
my house and had no friends left as all my friends were on the team and
I was to embarrassed to talk to them after that so I went back to him
and am still talking with him, which I know is insane but I lowkey love
him so much in a platonic way as he was always there for me when I was
at my lowest even though I’m hyper aware he caused basically all of it.

All of that to say, has anyone else ran into him. I know he’s on insta,
tik tok (atleast used to be), a weight loss coaching app, and telegram,
he’s from Versailles France, had a knee injury, drove a blue tesla, and
is possibly named Paul Martin, Oliver, or Paul codio.
