Would you cut off your pinky to get a million dollars? Would you kill
your cheating spouse to marry the man of your dreams? Would you eat a
dog turd to win a year’s supply of ice cream? These are the sorts of
preposterous questions that make up the “Would You…?” game, which is
like a deranged cousin of the “Would you rather…?” board game. But
unlike the popular board game, the “Would you…?” game has real world
stakes. Stakes as high as life or death… or even higher.

I found this out the hard way with my sister, Seti. Her actual name is
September, but everyone calls her Seti, just like everyone calls me Toby
(my actual name is October—and yes, we do hate our parents for this).
Seti was always competitive, even when she was very little. But I didn’t
understand how competitive until she invented the “Would you…?” game.

We played during boring summers at home. In the beginning, it was just
Seti, me, our older sister Jules (July, but everyone calls her Jules),
and her best friend, Darren.

Darren is the one who added cards to the game. Structure. He was kind of
a nerd and liked board games—though he only reluctantly played them with
me and Seti, whom he found too young and competitive.

The game as it exists today is largely Darren’s construction:

There are seven cards, always dealt in order:

WOULD YOU [RISK (verb)] [RISK (noun)] TO [REWARD (verb)] [REWARD (noun)]

For example: WOULD YOU [KILL] [YOUR ROOMMATE] TO [CURE] [CANCER]

Most of the time, the randomness of the cards led to absurd sentences,
less like truth or dare and more like mad libs. Points were earned
through guesses, with fellow players trying to guess whether you would
or would not. Often the fun of the game revolved around players
justifying their choices, as in “Sure, eating a dog turd would be gross,
but two minutes of gross is worth a full year of delish.” It was silly,
harmless fun.

The fact the game turned into something horrifying is my fault. I knew
even at the time I shouldn’t have done what I did. But I was furious
with Seti. She’d pulled, WOULD YOU LICK A COCKROACH TO GET A DAY HOME
FROM SCHOOL and she’d said yes.

“Seti says ‘yes’ to everything,” I pointed out. “It’s ridiculous. She’s
lying! She wouldn’t do any of these things.”

“I would!” Seti, about seven years old at the time, balled her fists.
She was trying very hard to be cool enough to play with her older
siblings and keep up with us.

“You wouldn’t,” I snapped, sick of her lying.

We went back and forth, and finally I declared I was adding a new rule.
The challenge rule. Any player could challenge another player, and then
the challenged player would have to do the thing they’d said “yes” to.
If they did, the player who’d made the challenge had to give the reward.
A day home from school meant I’d cover for her with our parents.

Seti’s face immediately took on a pink cast. She clearly hadn’t
anticipated my making up this rule. I, cruel older sibling that I was,
challenged her then to lick the cockroach.

It wasn’t nice, I admit.

Tears came into her eyes. She looked at me in disbelief. Seti always
looked up to me, idolized me. I’d like to say that in the moment, I
regretted what I was doing to her. But at the time, I was just gloating.

But little Seti wouldn’t be beaten either. Darren went and got a roach
(he and Jules really should have been chaperoning better, but Darren was
just gleeful at the idea of anyone licking a cockroach). He pulled a
dead one from one of the traps and laid it out on a napkin in front of
her. Seti’s lower lip quivered. Her big eyes lifted to mine. Then she
leaned forward, squinching her eyes, and stuck her tongue out.

The pink tip touched the roach.

“She licked it!” declared Darren, delighted, even as Julie cried,
“Ewwwww!” and I exclaimed, “Gross!!!”

But now I owed her a day off school. Triumphant, she squished the dead
roach in the napkin and tossed it into the trash. “I win,” she said.

“Yeah well you licked a roach, which means you lose at life,” I
retorted.

“I WIN!” she declared again.

From then on, the challenge rule held. But I should’ve known it was a
stupid, dangerous rule to put into play.

The next time we played, the very first card Seti flipped had KILL
written on it. She paused on that card, while Darren’s mouth made an “O”
of suspense, and Jules and I exchanged troubled glances. Including the
KILL card was controversial; it sometimes resulted in hilariously absurd
combinations, such as WOULD YOU KILL YOUR BUTT TO BECOME A LOST
TREASURE. To an adult this sort of mad libs game is ridiculous; when I
was ten it was hilarious. But of course, the word could also result in
some very bad combinations. Seti kept drawing: YOUR SIBLING… TO… WIN…
THIS GAME. She paused, mouth quirking to the side as she considered the
cards.

“Invalid,” declared Jules.

“No, no no. We can still guess,” said Darren, even as Seti slid her
answer card (a card that said either YES or NO) face down in front of
her.

“Darren—” Jules objected, but Darren was already sliding his card
forward as well. Jules and I followed suit, and we all flipped them
upright.

Darren and Jules had guessed NO. My card said YES. I knew my dumb
sister. And Seti—hers also said YES.

“Knew it,” I said, glaring quietly.

She smiled back at me serenely.

“Come on, bullshit!” Darren said, while Jules elbowed him. But Darren
ignored her and growled, “Challenge.”

“NO,” said Jules. “Oh, no. No, we’re not.”

“What?” Darren snapped. “It’s in the rules. If she kills Toby, she wins
the game.” He eyed Seti and said pointedly, “I’m not going to let her
win by cheating. Or bluffing—”

“Enough,” said Jules.

My younger sister gathered the cards in front of her, set both her YES
and NO cards aside, and smoothed her skirt. There was no red face this
time. No crying or embarrassment. She stood up, turned to Darren and
said, “Well aren’t you silly. Don’t you know it’s just a game? Come on,
Toby. Let’s go.”

Something in my stomach unknotted as her fingers intertwined mine. It
was a relief to know that despite her competitiveness, my sister could
recognize when a thing went too far—

—suddenly her arm curved round my neck, yanking me back in a choke hold.
I slapped at her arms. Fingers clawed and pulled at me as my face went
purple and my windpipe felt crushed and speckles blackened my vision.
Then she was off me, hauled back by Darren and Jules as she howled, “LET
ME GO! LET GO!”

“SETI STOP IT!” hollered Jules.

Seti was still screeching as they dragged her to her room.

“Jesus… she’s batshit,” growled Darren.

Jules declared no more games.

“If I kill Toby tonight, I win!” panted Seti as they locked her in. “I
win! Say that I win!”

“NO ONE WINS, SETI!” screamed Jules. “I can’t believe I even have to say
this! I’m telling Mom and Dad. Why do you have to be so crazy? Christ!
The game is suspended, do you understand me? It’s over, there are no
winners. And we are never playing this fucking game ever again!”

***

So that was the end of the “Would You…?” game for many years.

Seti found other games to play, of course. Less dangerous ones. She was
really good at games—and made a fortune with gambling, the lottery, card
tournaments, investing (playing the market was itself a sort of game,
she told me—and as with all such ventures, she tackled it with a
competitive spirit and almost unmatched skill, though she did suffer
some stunning losses occasionally, as a consequence of her tremendous
risks). She knew all the tricks of the trade—shuffling tricks, sleight
of hand, weighted dice, counting cards. Contrary to what you might
believe, she was actually a pretty good sister, most of the time. It was
Seti who took care of our parents, making sure their bills were paid and
their lawn mowed and the big house always tidy. She did a lot of the
cooking and cleaning herself, before she’d do her makeup and go out for
the evening to the casino, or for a drink with business partners. She
never went to college, instead keeping house for our parents—but then,
she didn’t really need college. We had wealth inherited from our
grandparents, and Seti multiplied it neatly, managing investments for
all of us. She did this with complete transparency and fairness. And
while she sometimes gambled heavily with her own money, she never did
with ours—always putting it in investments according to our willingness
to embrace risk or security.

And yet…

Through my college years (when Seti was finishing high school), she
brought back the “Would You…?” game.

And this time, being legally an adult, she had no one to rein her in.

I found out about it from Kedar, another boy at her school. He told me
how she’d started playing with a group of preppy senior friends.

I tried to shrug this off. Whatever. We were all adults now. Surely my
sister wouldn’t go too crazy, right?

It wasn’t until later I found out she’d changed the rules again. She and
some of the other seniors were playing one day when they decided that
the “mad libs” aspect was no longer as entertaining as when we were
children, and that players should draw until the cards issued a sentence
that the majority agreed made sense. Of course, even then, most of the
results were still things that couldn’t actually happen. But others,
like WOULD YOU EAT BUGS TO GET A WINNING LOTTO TICKET were not only
perfectly valid combinations—but also, easy enough to both challenge and
reward. And this is exactly what happened when Seti and her friends
played. One of them claimed he’d eat bugs to get a winning lotto ticket.
She challenged. He ate several ants, so Seti bought lotto tickets until
she had a winning one. Granted it was only for three dollars—but the
cards hadn’t specified, had they?

And that’s how it began—Seti herself becoming a guarantor, of sorts,
anytime she played the game.

She had the money, after all. Even back then, our family was well
off—and Seti already had a considerable sum saved from her gambling and
side hustles (I never knew what else she did on the side, but I assume
some of it wasn’t legal). She could afford to escalate the game. So when
a combination came up like WOULD YOU DUMP YOUR BOYFRIEND TO EARN A NEW
IPHONE, Seti could issue the challenge. And when her friend followed
through on the dumping—said friend would be gifted with a new phone.

It was nonsense. Risky and unhealthy. But not, I guess, more than any
other kind of gambling.

Until it got worse.

Several years later, Seti had some friends over. I’d refused to join—I’d
sworn to myself never to play this game. Seti seemed to get even more
competitive when I was around, so I kept away from the group, watching
from across the living room. Turns kept passing round and everyone was
laughing, drinking. A few people were smoking but that wasn’t really my
business. Mostly it sounded like absurd stuff.

WOULD YOU KISS MRS WHITINGER TO SAVE A LITTER OF KITTENS

Groans. Mrs. Whitinger was the principal at Seti’s high school, and in
games of Kiss, Marry, Kill, was universally the “kill” option. Much
discussion ensued about whether a litter of kittens would actually die
if the player said NO to this, and whether the price (having to kiss
Mrs. Whitinger) was too high. Seti considered the question but
intertwined her fingers and explained that since the kittens were in the
“reward” deck, not the “risk” deck, the game would not put kittens in
harm’s way. “In short, kissing will mean you do a good deed, but not
kissing won’t make you do a bad one,” she declared. Thus if Scott, the
player who’d drawn this combination, were to return to their old high
school to kiss the loathsome Mrs. Whitinger, a litter of kittens would
be rescued, but nothing would happen otherwise.

“Well yeah, but if I don’t kiss her some kittens somewhere might not get
rescued, so… guess I gotta kiss her.” Scott grinned at the groans all
around.

“Challenge,” said Seti, almost automatically, almost bored.

Scott did indeed end up visiting the high school on a made up errand and
kissing the principal on the cheek. She was suitably astonished at this
affection from a troublesome alum, but also rather touched, and Seti
honored her word and awarded Scott by saving a litter of kittens that
still occupies our parents’ house, where she has devotedly looked after
them.

But that’s not the reason I’m telling you about this game.

See, shortly after Scott’s draw, another friend, Rosalinda, drew a
combination that elicited quite a stir:

WOULD YOU CUT OFF YOUR FINGER TO GAIN ONE MILLION DOLLARS

Gasps and whispers all around. Everyone at that party knew that if it
was done, Seti could potentially honor the million. This was into her
investing years, she had the financial wherewithal for it, and she had
granted other gifts before—but never to such an extravagant amount. The
most she’d ever given was a gift for a Bahamas trip.

“I’d totally do it,” said Scott.

“No way,” said another friend. “No way I’d do that.”

“But one million dollars?” said someone else.

“This one’s a hypothetical, right?” said another, glancing tentatively
to Seti, who just sat back holding her drink with her eyes glimmering
and a lazy smile on her face.

“Yeah, obviously,” said Scott. “I mean, who’s got a million dollars to
give?”

“Seti might.”

“Yeah right.”

“Screw it,” said Rosalinda, slamming her card down. “I’m in. Make your
picks, people.”

Everyone voted. Half said YES, half NO. Rosalinda flipped her card:

YES

Everyone glanced to Seti, who stood up quietly, moved to the bar to pour
herself another drink, and then poured a glass for Rosalinda, too. A
glass of strong stuff. She then moved into the kitchen, where she opened
a drawer.

I felt my heart rate increase. Moved to follow Seti, in whose fingers
glinted silver. She sterilized the knife over a flame, then brought it
to Rosalinda, laying it out on a tray with napkins, bandages, a first
aid kit. Rosalinda’s eyes grew wide as saucers.

“Shit,” whispered Scott, disbelieving.

Everyone had gone utterly silent. Appalled.

I held my breath.

Don’t, I thought. Don’t.

What should I have done? Called the police? Even now, I wonder. No one
was forcing Rosalinda to do anything. And yet…

Seti sat back in her cushioned chair, idly swirling the bourbon in her
glass before downing it. Her eyes glimmered over a smile as she raised
her gaze to Rosalinda and whispered, “Challenge.”

Everyone was dead still.

And then, Rosalinda picked up the knife—

****

I’ll spare you the description of the aftermath of that. The “Would
You…?” cards had said cut your finger off, but they had said nothing
about not sewing it back on. Scott put Rosalinda’s finger on ice
immediately after she cut it off, to the screams of the other players.
There were some accusations that Seti was sick. That this all went too
far. Then Rosalinda’s friends rushed her and her severed finger to the
hospital, where it was re-attached. And of course, Rosalinda and her
friends were somewhat mollified that, shortly afterwards, a million
dollars was transferred to her bank account.

In fact, when word spread, others began seeking out my sister to play.

That was when I put my foot down about playing in the house. I said our
parents’ house couldn’t be turned into a gambling den. That I didn’t
want murders or maiming under their roof, and them to have to deal with
cleaning up blood or whatever sick things happened.

Seti agreed to take her games elsewhere.

I tried to keep out of her business, but occasionally word leaked… from
our parents, or Jules, or mutual acquaintances. And it seemed like both
the risks and rewards were getting bigger.

But when things really got out of hand, when I finally put my foot down
that it had to stop, was the first time someone died.

Before COVID, the games had involved physical risk, even maiming, but
had never included death. I wasn’t present for the lethal draw, and only
found out later that the combination pulled was WOULD YOU BECOME HAUNTED
BY A TERRIFYING GHOST TO SAVE YOUR CHILD.

This particular game took place over Zoom during the height of the
pandemic, among a handful of players who won the chance to play via
lottery (Seti’s games were in high demand). As it turned out, one of the
players had an eldest daughter on a ventilator. Now you’d think that any
combination involving a ghost would be inherently invalid—after all,
it’s not like Seti can conjure up the supernatural. But apparently the
players agreed to accept it as a valid draw, and the devoted father
played YES. “Anything for my kids,” he said. I viewed the recording of
the Zoom later, and after the father played his YES card, Seti’s eyes
fluttered for several seconds in this strange way—as if she were in a
trance, or listening to something no one else could hear. Then her eyes
opened, and she declared, “Challenge.”

A few days later, the daughter recovered.

But it wasn’t until said daughter messaged me, begging me to intervene,
that I understood how deranged the game had become.

The man who answered the door in his bathrobe had eyes red-rimmed from
weeping, a week’s worth of beard stubbling his gaunt face. Without a
word he let me into his house, and as he shuffled away from me, I
noticed burn marks on the walls. Not in any obvious pattern, but here
and there marring the wallpaper. He pointed to a pile of framed
photographs stacked on the sofa. They’d formerly been hung on the walls,
I realized, but he’d taken them down because in every single photo, he
had been burned out, leaving the rest of his family intact. That was how
the wallpaper had been charred.

There was also, I noticed, a burn mark in the shape of a handprint on
his arm.

While the father wearily offered me tea, I picked up one of the photos,
the backing and part of the glass damaged from the heat. “Is it just the
burn marks? Or is other stuff going on?”

“The lights…” he whispered as he stirred the tea. “The shrieks and
banging at night. The handprints. The… dreams. A-and this…” He pulled
open a drawer full of children’s drawings scrawled by his daughter and
her siblings, kept from when they were very little. In all the drawings,
he had been scratched out, and a blackened figure like a shadow seemed
to be looming behind him, its hands on his shoulders.

“She’s obviously hired someone to come and do all this,” I said. “You’re
probably having nightmares from the stress.” No way would I believe that
Seti could summon ghost. But I absolutely believed she had the resources
to make a man think she had.

The defiled children’s drawings especially left me chilled. How had she
identified which figure in the child’s scrawls was him?

I offered to stay the night. To confront whoever Seti had hired and
chase them off. And I promised I would contact my sister in the morning
and put an end to this so-called “haunting.” The man seemed relieved by
my assurances that all the spooky effects were staged, yet he also
requested me not to interfere. He was clearly anxious that if he didn’t
let things continue, his daughter would fall sick again. I tried to
assure him that Seti didn’t have that kind of power and couldn’t make
her relapse, but he insisted I keep out of it.

Privately, I decided to speak to Seti anyway.

She was overseas, however. The man killed himself before she got back.
Hung himself from the staircase, leaving his beloved daughter and her
siblings to mourn.

I waited in our parents’ house for my sister the night she returned.
She’d barely gotten off the plane a half hour earlier, but despite what
must have been a wearying flight, she waltzed through the front door in
a glitzy suit like she’d stepped out of Vegas. Seeing me, she spread her
arms wide in greeting—

“How could you!” I snarled.

She dropped her arms, though her smile didn’t falter. “Toby dear, I
didn’t. Whatever it is you’re upset about, it was the cards.”

“A ghost, Seti?”

“A ‘terrifying ghost,’” she corrected.

“OF COURSE IT WASN’T A GHOST, SETI!” I bellowed, shaking with fury. The
funeral had been two days ago. “The only terrifying thing here is YOU!
For hounding a man to death! You drove him to this! It’s you who
fulfills all the challenges, who delivers the rewards. Admit it! You
paid for his daughter to get special treatment. I looked into it! You
couldn’t guarantee it, but you did everything you could to make sure
she’d recover, didn’t you? And when she did, you made him suffer! He had
to complete the challenge!”

She pursed her lips, silent for a moment, then finally said, “What if I
did?”

“What if you did?” I couldn’t believe her. “Seti, you drove a man to his
death!!”

“You said that already.” She looked bored. “So? I made a man terrified.
He chose to kill himself.”

“Bullshit! You killed him, as much as if you handed him the rope.”

“Oh, he chose hanging?”

“SETI.” I paused, and added, low and serious, “You have to stop this.”

That stilled her. She was silent a moment, eyes shadowed by the brim of
her hat, crimson lips pursed. Finally, a curl to her mouth. “Make me.”

“Wha—”

“Make me stop,” she repeated, and languidly took a chair at the coffee
table, indicating for me to do the same. I stared in horror as she
pulled out a deck. “One game,” she declared, eyes glittering. “A duel.
You win, I stop and never play again. You can have your wish.”

“No!”

“Toby. People pay thousands to play with me! You don’t know what a deal
you’re getting! Besides, it’s the only way to make me stop.” She again
indicated the chair.

I just stared at her, fists clenched. “… why?”

“Because, Toby dear, our mother and father’s beloved who can do no
wrong—because we never finished our game. Remember when we were little?
We started to play, but things went ‘too far’? We couldn’t end it? I
won’t be left at a stalemate. Finish the game with me, dearest Toby.
Golden child. The one Mom and Dad always loved best.”

“They love you, too.”

“They love me like the alcoholic loves the bottle—a terrible influence
they secretly wish they could obliterate. And it’s true. I am terrible.
But. Perfect, good Toby. Win against me, and I will stop.” Her eyebrows
shot up.

Reluctantly, dread building in my gut, I sat down opposite her. I threw
out one more feeble argument: “We don’t have enough players. I won’t let
anyone else get involved.”

“We don’t need other players,” she corrected. “A duel game is a
two-player version. It has a few extra rules, like the double dare—it’s
where you take your opponent’s challenge and double it. So for instance,
if it’s ‘would you kill a kitten’ and I accept, you’d—”

“Have to kill two. Great example. How are your cats, by the way?”

“All very well. As it happens, they haven’t been drawn into any games.”
She flashed a wicked smile at me as one of said cats, oblivious to the
danger it would be in should Seti draw any cards that involved pets,
came over and rubbed against her leg, purring. She explained the rules
of the duel game as she shuffled. It was basically the same as the
regular game, but answers were scored differently: 1 point for YES, 1
point for correct guesses, 0 points for NO, 0 points for wrong guesses,
10 points for a completed challenge. If a challenge went unfulfilled, it
was an automatic loss. If more than one challenge was fulfilled for the
same reward, only the most recent challenge would gain the reward. The
game would continue until each player had drawn ten valid combinations.

“Getting points for saying ‘yes’ automatically skews the game in your
favor,” I observed.

“It skews the game in favor of playing more boldly, yes,” Seti agreed.
“But, it’s still possible for you to win.”

I glowered.

Seti allowed me to draw first:

WOULD YOU DANCE WITH ROTTING HUMAN ENTRAILS TO EARN A DREAM VACATION

Tame, by the current standards of the game. I started to put down my NO
card, but then remembered I’d get zero points for it. Of course if I put
down YES, Seti would manage to make those rotting entrails appear, and I
didn’t even want to think about whether they’d really be human or not.

I sighed and pushed forward YES.

Seti also slid a card forward. Both of us flipped. Both of us said YES.
One point for me, one for Seti for guessing correctly. I waited for the
inevitable challenge, but she only smiled.

“You’re not going to challenge?” I asked.

“No, because you’ll actually do it, and you’ll get 10 points,” she
replied. “And obviously, you’ll get a dream vacation, too. But I’d
rather save my money for more interesting rewards.”

Seti’s turn. She flipped the cards slowly:

WOULD YOU FLY TO STINKY TOENAILS TO GAIN YOUR NAME ON MARS

Invalid, obviously. She drew again.

WOULD YOU SING LOUDLY TO THE PRESIDENT TO SAVE WORLD PEACE

Another invalid combination. Seti drew three more nonsense sentences
before finally coming up with a valid combination:

WOULD YOU KISS A BOWL OF DIARRHEA TO GET A YEAR’S SUPPLY OF ICE CREAM

“Ugh!” I said. “This is such a dumb game…”

Seti smiled and pushed a card forward.

I rolled my eyes and did the same. We both flipped:

YES.

“Of course you would,” I said, disgusted.

“You could challenge,” she offered.

“And give you 10 points? Fuck that.”

We went back and forth a couple more rounds. My hands were shaking.
Soon, we got to challenges I wouldn’t do. I started playing NO. Seti
always played YES. She was gaining points, and didn’t challenge me on
the rare times I drew something I felt I could do.

And then, as we were approaching the tenth round that would end the
game, Seti drew a combination that made my breath catch:

WOULD YOU SKIN YOURSELF TO WIN THIS GAME

Seti was already ahead. If I didn’t challenge her, she’d win. If I
challenged her and she refused, she’d lose. The smart play here would be
to pick NO. She wouldn’t risk anything—she was way ahead of me anyway.
The game would end on the next turn. All she had to do was miss one
point by playing her NO card. Playing YES was something only a complete
idiot would do. But… Seti had never played NO, not in any of the turns
we’d had so far. Would she now?

Seti looked me in the eye as she put down her card. Smiled almost
apologetically, with a little shrug.

Oh, how that smile infuriated me. The lightness of it. The willingness
to throw everything down in this stupid, idiotic, foolish GAME. When she
was already guaranteed to win. I played my card.

We flipped them over: YES.

Fury coursed through me. It was like when we were kids all over again,
and Seti would brazenly claim she’d do something outrageous, when all of
us knew she really wouldn’t. When she’d bluff, and I’d call her on it.
And the word spat from my lips before I could think to stop it, because
how dare she mock me like this, playing like her life hardly mattered:
“Challenge!”

It was strange, the expressions that flickered across Seti’s face.
Regret. Fear. Angst. Rage. For just a moment, she reminded me of that
little girl again. The little girl who idolized me, who just wanted to
be brave enough to impress me, until I called her out for going too far.
And—every single time—she forced herself to rise to my challenge.
Remembering that, I suddenly regretted my actions. Seti’s eyelids
closed, fluttering, as if she were coming to terms with what had just
happened. Then, without a word, she rose to her feet.

My parents did a lot of barbecuing in the summers, even the occasional
pig roast or carving up venison. I wondered with horror if among the
many implements in this grandly furnished house, they might have a
skinning knife.

“Seti, wait!” I cried, seizing her arm as she turned away. “I forfeit!
You hear me, I FORFEIT! You win. I withdraw my challenge.”

“W-W-W-W-WHAT???” She stammered. “You can’t forfeit! That’s not how it
works!”

“Too bad! I’m done!”

“TOBY!” she shrieked as I grabbed my jacket and rushed for the door.
“You AGREED to finish the game!”

“Yeah? Bite me.” I ducked out and slammed the door.

From inside, a howl of anguish. High. Keening. Practically inhuman. God,
Seti could be so scary! I hurried away, trying to force the horrible
stupid game from my consciousness. Trying to forget how irrational Seti
could be. My phone buzzed:

SETI: 👿 👿 👿 !!!!!!

SETI: We’re not finished!!!!!

SETI: We have one turn left

SETI: TOBY!!!!

SETI: ONE TURN!!!!

She carried on like that all night. I silenced my phone. In the morning,
I had so many messages I blocked her.

I fully expected calls from our parents, Jules, our mutual
acquaintances. Email. Messenger. Voicemails at work. Maybe a singing
fucking telegram. Seti had a huge network, and I knew my sister had a
thousand ways to contact me. There would be no escaping her wrath until
the game was over.

And yet… silence. Not so much as a peep.

It was this complete absence of communication that unsettled me more
than anything. I called our parents, Jules, friends, but they hadn’t
heard from Seti. Not wanting them to worry, I lied to everyone and said
I was just checking in because it had been awhile.

With every hour, the knot of dread in my gut tightened.

Finally, three days after our fateful game, there came a knock at my
door.

I’d been in a state of suspension so long that my first feeling was
relief—at last, we’d get this over with. I went to the door, calling
out, “Who’s there?” to no response. I peeked through the peephole, but
it was covered. Sigh. Just like Seti to play games. Maybe it really was
a singing telegram.

I opened the door.

“Hell—”

The word died on my lips, shifting from hello to hell in what, looking
back, seems chillingly appropriate.

On the threshold stood a costumed figure.

She was reminiscent of the Easter bunny—huge black eyes, plush fur
around chipmunkish cheeks, buck teeth, and mauve fur with a fluffy white
belly. This wasn’t sophisticated like a cosplay fursona; no, this was
more the mall grade Easter variety, vaguely creepy and unsettling, like
a costumed theme park character or a Chuck E. Cheese animatronic. I’d
always had a dread of such characters, even as a child. Something about
the fakery of the costuming was so off-putting. Now, that same unease
prickled through me as the bunny spread its arms in a ta-dah! pose.

“Umm,” I said.

I stepped back and held open the door, trying to ignore the small voice
that wondered what I might see if I lifted the mask off that bunny suit.

The bunny strolled in with an exaggerated happy stride—reminding me,
again, of a costumed character. Who could ever tell what was underneath
such a suit? The bunny pulled out two chairs from my dining table, and
patted one for me.

“Seti?” I said.

The bunny pulled a card from a pocket somewhere in its fur and held it
up for me to read: ONE MORE TURN.

“How do I know it’s you? Take off that dumb thing.”

A headshake. The bunny pointed again to the card, exaggeratedly tapping
it and nodding to me. Its suit smelled faintly of copper, and maybe
something else… sweat? Body odor? No, it was more unpleasant than that.
Like the smell of a dead mouse I’d found once in a trap, rotting for
days. And I wondered—what was under that suit? She wouldn’t have done
it, would she? She couldn’t have and survived. This had to be an act. To
make me fret, think that she’d done something crazy.

I looked into those bunny eyes. Black mesh. I thought I could just
glimpse the whites of her eyes, a faint gleam as she looked out at me.
Again that coppery smell. And as we both sat at the coffee table there
was—I could see, very clearly now—blood, dripping from the suit of the
bunny. A faint dribble of it. How badly was she bleeding in there? Or
was it all an act? Would she even be bleeding still? Would blood really
drip through the costume?

“God, Seti. Fine. I’ll play the last turn. And if I win, you’ll take off
that suit and you’ll be just fine underneath, all right? Deal? You’ll be
whole and fine.”

The bunny made a sound in the affirmative. It was Seti’s voice, but
sounded wrong—like the vocal cords were somehow… deteriorated. It
reached into a pocket somewhere in the suit, handed me the “Would You…?”
cards.

My turn.

Hands shaking, I shuffled. I could see now a couple of places where the
mauve fur was darker, wet with stains. But it can’t be real, I thought.
No way it can be real.

I swallowed the bile in my throat and dealt the cards:

WOULD YOU

My hands trembled as I turned each one:

DISAPPEAR

YOURSELF

TO

WIN

THIS GAME

Fuck. Disappear? Did that mean die? End my life? Or, like, “witness
protection” disappear? The meaning was unclear. But I couldn’t pick NO,
or Seti would win. And somehow I knew what would happen if she won, that
she would lift off her mask and underneath there would be… Shuddering, I
pushed forward my card, and the bunny pushed forward hers, and we
flipped: YES

The bunny spoke. One word. I tried not to imagine its skinless tongue
slurring: “Sccchallenge.”

My heart quickened. “Fine,” I said. “You, Mom, Dad, Jules, everyone we
know—you’ll never see me again. The rest of my life. No matter how hard
you look or how you spend your resources to come after me, I will not be
found. I’ll be gone. And when I am, I’ll have won the game.” As I spoke,
I felt the air shiver between us. It was as if something had writ my
words in my soul. And I knew, as deeply and suddenly and surely as I
knew my own name, that I would disappear so thoroughly I would
effectively cease to exist.

Somehow, I was incredibly calm about all this.

“Good-bye, Seti.”

I turned and grabbed my bag and walked out. I drove to our parents’
house to tell them that I loved them. They were extraordinarily
perplexed when I greeted them each with a tight embrace, and even more
so when I begged them to please look after Seti for me. I just hoped it
was enough to save my sister. That whatever was under that suit was all
part of the drama to draw me in, and everything would return to normal
after the game. I just had to disappear.

“Who?” said Dad.

He was a bit hard of hearing.

“Seti—September,” I told him.

“What’s happening in September?” asked Mom.

“No, Mom, I’m talking about Set—” I stopped, staring at the mantel.

A few days ago, I’d been here playing with Seti, and the photos on the
mantel had been the same vacation trips as always: goofy images of Seti,
me, and Jules playing as children. But now, I was looking at the exact
same photos, and it was only me and Jules. Mom, meanwhile, nudged Dad
and murmured, “Sweetie, remember how Toby used to pretend to have a
little sister?”

“Oh gosh, that’s right!” Dad brightened and turned to me. “And whenever
you did something bad, you’d blame it on September—”

But I was already out the door, rushing back to the game. I’d declared I
would disappear. From the present moment on, I’d be gone. But Seti… I
checked my phone, my email, messages. But there were no photographs, no
texts, no social media evidence my sister had ever existed, present or
past. I called Jules, but she said the same thing as our parents: that
Seti was the imaginary little sister I made up to blame for the worst
outcomes of a childhood game. A game I designed, a game for which I am
the guarantor, a game I have been hosting among various groups and
players for the past few years. And when I at last got home and rushed
inside, the bunny was no longer at the table, but the cards were still
laid out, a note scrawled beside them on a bloody napkin:

Double Dare.

People still contact me asking why I ended the game.

The truth is—

Well. The truth is the napkin, the only proof of Seti, written in her
own distinctive handwriting, disintegrated with time. And I’m not even
sure myself what I believe anymore. But I’ll tell you this. If anyone
ever offers to play the “Would You…?” game, no matter what the prize, do
not do it. It’s not worth it.

Learn from my mistakes… and never, ever play the “Would You…?” game!
