And not like tag or something, I mean, actually being chased down by
someone or something.

That feeling of your legs aching but not being able to stop, and the
heart pounding fear and massive pump of adrenaline.

That is something I had not truly ever felt before until last night.

I was coming home from my job; what I do for work doesn’t matter, as I
hate the job anyway.

I ride a bike home from work every day, I hate driving, and I don’t feel
like spending money on gas either.

It was completely empty on the streets that night. I love it when there
isn’t anyone about at night, so I decided to take a detour as I wasn’t
too tired from work.

I cut through an alleyway to ride down one of the prettier streets at
night, and that’s when I heard it.

The best way I could describe it was the sound of someone walking
through crunchy autumn leaves scattered on the ground.

A sucking crunch every couple of seconds, my eyes adjusted more to the
dark of the alley, and I noticed there was something leaking above me.

Looking up, I saw it, or something.

Whatever it was, it had two glowing white eyes, and it was the source of
the noise.

It was then, meeting the eyes of that thing, that I felt it, true fear.

I tell you, I’ve never felt something more exhilarating in my entire
life, the true utter terror that shot through my body.

That moment of fear, where I was frozen in place, I was prey staring up
at a predator above, and it looked like a god looking down upon an ant.
Time felt as if it had paused.

It dropped what it had; a human head hit the ground with the most
disgusting, putrid sound I’d ever heard before.

Then, as of a will that I’m not sure was my own, but my body, begging to
not meet that fate I slowly moved my bike ever backwards. The moment I
heard the movement of the beast, I pedaled as fast as I could.

I heard it, moving from building to building, above me trying to get
closer for the second course.

It was quick and efficient. If there was ever something above us in the
food chain, this was it.

Tipping the bike, hitting something, or even slowing down too much on a
turn meant certain death, and I was loving every second of it.

I was only a block or so away from my house when I heard it directly
behind me. It was desperate; I heard the desperation in the moaning
noises it made, as if it was on the cusp of getting a good meal after
starving for a long time.

I knew there was only one way to escape this; I knew that part of town
as I had grown up there, so I turned down another alley, and then,
praying I was right, squeezed down the tightest gap between budlings in
the hole city.

I heard the beast stop, so I stopped, looking over my shoulder, I saw
it. The face was almost human, like if I drew one without knowing what
one was.

It was reaching its long arms through to try to reach me, but it was too
large to fit.

I laughed; I’ve never laughed so hard in all of my life. The relief I
felt was almost as satisfying as the chase itself.

I saw it make a face, and it looked angry, and after the tears cleared
from my eyes from laughter, it was gone.

I’m not stupid; I stayed in that spot for an hour or so making sure it
was gone, then rode home.

Ever since then, life has been horrible.

Whenever I’m out with friends, or when I’m doing my job, I feel sick to
my stomach and I feel stuck.

Because I know I will not have that power, that ability to laugh in the
face of death again like I did that night.

I’m now going on nightly rides around, but I haven’t been able to find
it again.

Maybe if the meal looked more appetizing, it would come out, and I could
get that feeling of freedom from confinement again.

So, this is my confession.
I’ve invited some of my coworkers out for a ride tonight, and the path
I’ve chosen will go through all of the places I believe the creature
would be hiding.

I think the addition of other competitors in this race will make the
feeling even more amplified.

Wish me luck!
