There once was a man walking in the rain

It’s such a simple start to a story, a vague character, a vague setting
but then why does it sound so familiar to you? Where have you heard that
story before? Wait, why do you keep saying story? That’s not a story at
all, it’s barely a sentence and yet you know, you know there’s more but
you can’t quite put your finger on it. Many people have heard the story
before, not everyone of course but you have. It’s why you’re still
reading this. Why you started reading this. Maybe you know what comes
next, maybe that white noise has started just behind your eyes- no. No,
not white noise, you’re smart enough for context clues. It’s raining.

The story always starts when the dreams are loud doesn’t it? Those
chaotic, fevered dreams we desperately try and retell to our friends in
the morning, trying and failing to put its insanity into words. It’s
just a whisper, barely words at all, just a prickle up the back of your
neck, a breath on your shoulder. You’ve never heard anything past that
first sentence, never anything past the rain before you fall asleep. Not
real sleep though is it? You’re already sleeping obviously, you were
just dreaming but yet you still, somehow, fell asleep. 

It’s a much quieter dream now, wherever that story took you but quiet
doesn’t mean peaceful. Especially not here. not where she took you. “Who
is she?” you might be asking but as the thought forms in your mind you
already know her. She stands in the corner of all those dreams you wish
you could forget. The ones that cause you to wake up sweating, with that
pit of dread in your chest for the rest of the day. The dream that
you’re not sure you can call a nightmare because you can’t quite
remember what it was that scared you so much but you still feel the
anxiety as you move through your waking hours. She’s always here.
Watching from the cliff that you fell from, though this time you didn’t
wake up before you hit the ground. Stalking behind you with the monsters
you’re desperately trying to escape but your feet won’t move and every
scream dies in your throat. She’s there in the shadows of your house
that is so very wrong, watching you talk to your family that is nothing
like your family. She is always there, watching, whispering. Feeding.

You don’t know why you thought that, do you? Feeding. Maybe it’s because
her mouth is always so wide open? Maybe because she’s so thin? Maybe
there’s no real reason beyond just a feeling. But after all, it’s a
dream. And in a dream there are only feelings. She must have brought you
down to that second layer of dreaming for a reason, must have whispered
that sleep inducing story into your ear for a purpose. 

Or maybe you’re just guessing, maybe those long teeth and empty eyes
remind you of an angler fish, and maybe that just makes you think she’s
here to hunt. Who knows. You certainly don’t. Maybe someday you will.
Maybe someday you can stay awake long enough to hear the whole story,
maybe it’ll make more sense then. Or maybe there’s a reason we never
hear the full story, maybe the rain hides it from us because we’re not
supposed to know. Maybe it’s protecting us. Maybe she’s protecting us.
No. No that’s not it. You know that’s not it, that’s just your mind
trying to come up with a justification. Trying to think of any other
reason why you hear that damn whispering, that damned story- no not a
story, a sentence. The same sentence over and over, the same rainfall
dragging you further into your dreams, further into the pit of darkness
and dread you wish you didn’t have to constantly crawl your way back out
of.

It’s odd that she always lets you go though isn’t it? Why does she let
you go if she’s only going to pull you back again? Seems like a waste of
energy to me, but what do I know? What do any of us know? Maybe it’s
just fun for her, maybe she likes to tell the story. Maybe she does want
us to stay awake though and we just haven’t figured out how. Who knows.
You certainly don’t.

I would hope by writing it down I’d find someone who knew, who knew the
rest of the story. Or at the very least her story, but you don’t, do
you? Of course you don’t, if you did you wouldn’t have needed to keep
reading. You wouldn’t have needed to be reminded of what she looked
like. You wouldn’t be listening to the rain.
