Let me start out this story by explaining how I met Molly. When I was 14
my mom moved me and my two younger siblings from our small town out to
Rapid City, South Dakota to escape her failed marriage. We settled down,
I started at my new high school, and life went on for the next six years
in relative peace. I gained a new stepdad who treated my mom nicely,
managed to graduate on time, and eventually I moved into a small
apartment with my girlfriend Sierra.

After high school ended, I decided not to take the college route as
academia was not my strong suit. I started working at one of the local
hardware stores, which is where I met Molly. If we had not been working
at the same store, Molly and I probably would have never become friends.
She was a fierce take-no-shit type, smart as a whip, and I always felt
five steps behind her whenever we interacted. She was extroverted and
bubbly, and as a quieter guy, we gravitated towards each other
eventually. After a few weeks we got to know each other more, and we
learned that we shared a few of the same interests, one of which is
caving.

In South Dakota, we have some of the longest and most intricate cave
systems in the world. Some of my friends and I had taken guided tours of
a few cave sites, but at that point in my life I had never met anyone
who was interested in going to the harder and more complex cave systems.
Molly had the same issue. Her girlfriend Adelaide was absolutely
terrified of the idea of going into the cramped, dark, creature-filled
tunnels, and many of her friends felt the same way. After discovering
this about each other, Molly and I had planned to go to Wonderland Cave
shortly after. This began our long friendship and spelunking
partnership.

If you are a spelunker yourself, you know that eventually you exhaust
the cave sites in your general area, and soon you start to interact with
other cavers who tell you about the lesser-known cave sites that are not
overrun by tourists and don’t require a guide to hold your hand and
usher you through the caverns the entire time. This is how Molly learned
about Echo Cave.

One Monday I went into work, and Molly, who had worked the day before,
immediately walked over to me and started talking rapidly as is her
usual way of greeting me.

“Hey Dan! You look like shit dude, no offence. I hope your upstairs
neighbor isn’t keeping you guys up again” she said, and I glared at her.
“Anyways you have to hear this crazy thing this customer told me
yesterday. He was looking for a new head lamp right,” I gave her an eye
roll. “I know, I know, the ones here are so shitty, not bright at all.
But he’s like ‘My head lamp broke so I need a new one for Black Hills
next weekend.’ And I’m like, telling him about the tours there,” She
continued.

“So then he starts telling me that he broke the lamp at this place,
right? Wait ’til you hear this, it’s one we haven’t been to yet,” she
said giddily.

“We’ve been pretty much everywhere around here, are you sure he wasn’t
talking about Bethlehem Caves again? I’m not falling for that, Mol. Two
entrances to the same tunnels does not mean a cave we haven’t been to-”
I start.

“No, this one is different! And hey that was one time, relax. This place
sounds crazy too. Something tourists would eat up. He said that it’s a
part of Wind Cave National Park, but it’s off one of the hiking trails,
not in the actual caves there. Apparently, there’s a small opening in
the cliff off the trail, you walk down some wide tunnels after and then
there’s a squeeze that takes you into this big cavern. The guy called it
‘Echo Cave’. I guess there’s stalactites in the cavern ceiling and water
drips down and it echoes off the walls. Guy said it sounded so cool and
we have to hear it, he said ‘the walls call out to you’, hah, what a
weird guy,” she finished.

My interest was piqued, this did sound like a cave I hadn’t heard of in
the area. “I don’t know Mol, Sierra wants me to go camping with her this
weekend…” I say.

“C’mon Dan! Just tell her you can go camping next weekend. We have to
see this, pleeeeease?” she said. Reluctantly, I agreed, and the rest of
the week passed by uneventfully.

On Saturday, we hiked out to the spot where the customer said the cave
entrance was located. “He said there was a dead tree with a rock beside
it that has the initials C + L scratched on it, that’s where we’re
supposed to turn off” she instructed.

“Molly, how are we supposed to find that? We passed like 50 dead trees
already” I grumbled. My caving pack was making my back sweaty. We had
already hiked for about 30 minutes, and while I enjoyed caving, I did
not enjoy walking in the hot sun lugging my equipment.

“It’s supposed to be after the Badlands lookout on the right side, he
said we can’t miss it,” she said.

Sure enough, after we enjoyed the view of the rolling grasslands, we
passed by another hiking group then came upon a tall pine tree on the
right that had lost most of its needles. I approached the rock at the
base of the tree and saw the initials that Molly had mentioned. “Did
this guy say how far we needed to go? Doesn’t look like there’s much of
a path here,” I ask.

Molly took the lead and guided me through the sparse trees. We hiked for
about 10 minutes before I started to gripe at her again. “I could have
been setting up a tent right now, Mol. Sierra was going to make burgers.
She’s still kinda pissed at you. I can’t blow her off next weekend ok-”

“Addy’s not happy either,” she interrupts, “she still hates that I go
caving with you all the time, y’know. Freaks her out. She says the only
dark tunnel I should want to explore is her-” I am about to start
chuckling when she trails off. We came up to a steep cliffside, and she
started to laugh ecstatically. “I told you he wasn’t bullshiting me! Ok,
we have to look for a small hole, should be a foot off the ground, big
enough for us to crawl through” she instructs.

 We split up and I took the left side. I walk along the cliffside until
I spot a 3-by-3-foot opening in the side of the cliff, partially
obscured by a dying bush. Oddly enough, the brush beside the opening is
dried up in a near perfect half circle, like someone salted the earth
beside it. I call Molly over and she looks at me gleefully. We get our
gear ready, and I go first through the opening.

After crawling through the rock for about 10 feet the tunnel opens up
enough to where I can crouch hunched over, then eventually stand fully.
The tunnels are smoother rock with a few feet of space on each side of
me, gradually sloping down further into the earth.

I turn around and see the top view of Molly’s red hair as she crawls her
way over to me. She looks up at me when she can stand again, and I can
see the joy in her eyes at having found this place with me. She always
gets this way when we’re underground, a joyful feeling that we share.
There is something that is inexplicable about being inside the earth,
something that someone who hasn’t been caving wouldn’t understand. There
is an exhilaration of feeling the cool, damp stone all around you. The
adrenaline of being squeezed in a cramped tunnel is outweighed by the
atmosphere of total uninterrupted blackness and relative silence.

At this point, the light coming from the entrance casts shadows around
us. I flick on my headlamp to illuminate the dark tunnel ahead, and
Molly does the same.

“Well Danny boy, let’s start walking,” she said affectionately.

We trek down the tunnel, and the surrounding walls start to become more
jagged and develop interesting rock formations. The only thing we can
hear is our footfalls and each other breathing. We continue walking down
the sloping path for another 20 minutes in silence, preferring not to
talk once we are in the cave. Eventually I started to hear it.

Coming from the darkness ahead, I hear the sound of water dripping. Not
uncommon for a cave at all, but there is something different about this
sound. The echo is almost amplified louder, after the initial water drop
there is a rhythmic echo that repeats for about four times, getting
louder each time after going into silence again. The sound seems to come
closer to us every time it echoes. I turn to face Molly, who has heard
it too, and she looks at me with wide eyes again. This must be the sound
that the customer was describing.

“Damn, when this guy described the cave, he didn’t tell me how creepy
the echo sounded”, she said. I chuckled in agreement. We continue to
walk forward, and the closer we get the more clearly we can hear the
echo. Eventually we come to a widening that quickly slopes back into a
smaller squeeze in the rock. The echo is louder here than ever.

“This has to be the squeeze before the cavern” Molly said. As the bigger
of the two, I usually go first through the tighter spaces. If I can’t
fit, then Molly can easily back up until I can come back out. We don’t
like to separate for too long, so this way we can continue to explore
close together instead of one going ahead and leaving the other behind.
I look ahead into the darkness and see that this would be one of the
tighter squeezes I’d have to do in my experience.

“Ok, here goes nothing”. I turn back to Molly and she gives me a goofy
encouraging smile. I smile back, then take off my pack to drag behind
me. I walk for a ways, then turn my body to the right to walk sideways.
The rock scrapes into my shoulders as I sidle between. Eventually I need
to turn my body all the way to the right, I quickly look back and see
the faint silhouette of Molly’s red hair and pale face in the darkness,
confident that she will soon follow me through the squeeze. Then, I turn
my head back to continue, as soon my helmet will be too big to let me
turn my head back around through the squeeze.

I shuffle, once, twice, three times. My breathing has become shallow. I
do not have claustrophobia, you can’t really when you like caving as
much as I do, but when I’m in between the two walls the deeper I
breathe, the more the stone presses into my back and my ribcage. I
shuffle forwards a few more times and the breathing becomes easier.

I can now see the darkness ahead has shifted, and the beam of my lamp
bounces off an opposing wall 30 feet ahead of me. I shuffle until I can
sidle my way through the small gap and turn my body back to normal.

The cavern I am in is impressive, it has a wide radius, and the walls
rise into a high ceiling above me. Through the oppressive darkness, I
can faintly see a massive formation of stalactites above me, arching
down into one long formation where drops of water slowly collect and
drip down. I watch in wonder as one drips down and lands in a small pool
of water in the centre of the room. It hits the pool, and the murky grey
water ripples slightly, starting the echo. I listen in amazement as the
sound bounces off the walls and seems to grow louder as it echoes around
me. The sound is no longer eerie, and I stand there for a moment amazed
by the beauty of the cavern.

“Holy-” I start, and the sound of my voice starts to echo louder around
me as well. It shocks me for a second, and then I laugh which also
starts to bounce around the room. I turn back to the small slit in the
rock that I entered the cavern from, and I call out for Molly. “Dude!
Its crazy in here! Hurry up,” I shout to her, and I can hear my voice
all around me echo through the cavern.

“It’s ok Dan, I’ll be right there. It’s just a tight squeeze,” I hear
coming from the darkness in front of me. Bemused at how calmly she is
talking, for once, I wait for her to come out.

I turn back to the cavern and start to explore a bit more, hearing my
footsteps echoing as I go. I first approach the pond. The surface is
still until a drop falls to disturb it. I can see about a foot in until
it becomes murky grey. I can tell it probably stops at two feet, still I
don’t approach it any closer than the edge as in all my years of caving
I have no desire to go cave diving. Being trapped underwater is
definitely one of my fears. My reflection is disturbed by another drop,
and I turn back around. I make a full rotation around the pond,
appreciating the crystalline formations on the walls as I go. I am
filled with a sense of calmness that I never usually feel when
underground. The vast expanse of the cavern is enrapturing, the sounds
playing again and again in my ears. 

As I round the room, I am back at the exit. It has been about 5 minutes
and Molly is still not through the squeeze. “Mol, did you get stuck? You
know my fat ass was able to get through there, you’re taking forever,” I
call out again.

“It’s ok Dan, I’ll be right there. It’s just a tight squeeze,” I hear
her say, again. She doesn’t sound strained like she’s going through the
tight rock. I start to get irritated. I want her to come in soon to see
how beautiful this cavern is. She’s the one that dragged me out here in
the first place. I round the room one more time. I can see now that the
rock is streaked with small veins of green and yellow. I press my hand
to the cool, damp stone, and I calm down a bit more. Suddenly I hear a
splash of water behind me, I whip my head back to the noise, but the
water is still. Molly is still not in the cavern.

I make it back to the exit, and now I’m starting to worry. It should not
be taking her this long to get through the squeeze. I call out for her
again and get no response. What the hell? I call a few more times,
hearing the words echo around me, and nothing. My mind starts to wonder
if she got hurt and turned back around, but that is so unlike anything
she has done before. After calling out one more time and hearing no
response, I take one more look around the impressive cavern and then
make my way through the squeeze again.

I sidle back until I have to turn fully sideways, turning my head to
look forwards into the tunnel. I shuffle forwards a bit more. Once the
stone is back to pressing on both sides of me, nearly caging me in, I
hear something that sends my heart into my throat.

Behind me, the echoing sounds of water dropping is accompanied by the
sounds of footsteps. Instinctually I try to whip my head back around and
my helmet jams on the rock, making me dizzy, scraping my cheek in the
process. I can’t turn my head enough to see, and I dart my eyes as much
as I can, but the corners of my vision are too blurry. I swear, and I
hear more footsteps behind me. The echo amplifies the sound louder, and
it sounds closer to me the longer it goes on. My heart is pounding, and
I am unable to fully breathe enough to calm myself down, rock pressing
into my sternum.

My head kicks me back into gear and I wriggle and thrash my way through
the squeeze, scraping and gashing myself in my terror to get out of the
tight spot. I can hear the footsteps behind me come closer to the exit,
then stop. I manage to maniacally shuffle my way back into the widening
tunnel and whip myself back around to stare at the darkened slit in the
rock. I see nothing. At least I think I see nothing in the dim light of
my headlamp. Were my ears playing tricks on me? There was no way someone
was in the cavern. I circled the room twice, and there was no other
opening, and nowhere for someone to hide. I continue to gasp for air, my
heart racing.

Then, the footsteps start out again, and I am filled with terror once
more. I am fastened in place as I hear them retreat from the opening,
and then I hear the splashing of water. My brain turns back on, and I
hightail it the other way, back out of the cave. I slow down halfway
through to catch my breath and start to call for Molly on my two-way
radio. No response. I feel horrible, I left her behind, with whatever
was making that noise still in the cave. Then, I feel angry. I didn’t
see her in my mad dash out of the cave, she just left me here? As some
sort of prank maybe? She is the one who brought me here, maybe she came
earlier and set up the noises to play and then left, hoping to scare me
as I ran out of the cave. But that doesn’t seem like something she would
do; she knows how dangerous caving is. I continue walking back to the
cave exit.

After a few minutes I hear footsteps behind me again. My heart is back
to racing, and I whip around. In the beam of my headlamp, I see a
familiar head of red hair approaching. Molly sees me, and she looks
pissed.

“What the hell Dan? You just fucking abandoned me like that? We agreed,
no exploring alone, ever. We agreed! That way we would never get lost-”
she starts. I’m too stunned to speak. I look at her with wide eyes as
she continues, “You just left, without telling me? I looked back and you
were fucking gone. I didn’t even hear you leave. Then I’m stuck in this
cavern and you don’t even reply when I call for you? Also what was with
the staring, dude you creeped me out so much. I’m literally never going
into another cave with you, you suck” she finishes as she comes closer.

Now I can finally see her clearly. She looks horrible, her pale skin
even whiter, eyes darting around, not looking at me for too long. She’s
also muted in a way I’ve never seen her before, her wisecracking bubbly
demeanor gone. Her words catch up with me, and I am confused.

“What do you mean? I went into the cavern and waited for you, and you
never came in! I waited for so long, and then I got worried about you
and came back out,” I didn’t tell her about the footsteps I heard. “You
weren’t there! I thought you got hurt and left without me, so I started
walking back to leave” I said.

She looked at me with rage in her eyes. “You WERE in the cavern when I
came in, and I WAS in there for like 5 minutes. You stared at me all
silent the whole time, being a creep and not moving, and I was just
trying to appreciate the cavern. Then I look back at you to tell you how
cool it was, and you’re GONE. You left. And I called out for you, and
you said nothing? You just left me in there?” she said, tears in her
eyes. I just looked at her, confused and feeling horrible at the hurt
and fear I could see on her face.

“Mol, I… I don’t know. I was in there and I didn’t see you. I got scared
and left. I’m sorry,” I apologized. She still looked like she didn’t
believe me.

“Whatever. Let’s get out of here. I’m done,” she says, irritated.

We walk through the tunnel in silence. Soon the tunnel is filled with
soft light, and we both turn off our headlamps and crawl through the
small opening. I still can’t hear anything behind me, not even the echo
of the water drops. As the dying sunlight hits my face again, I start to
calm down. Molly is waiting for me near the tree line. We walk back to
the dead pine tree, then hike back to our cars in silence. Once we get
there, we say curt goodbyes to each other, get into our respective cars,
and pull out of the park.

Sunday passes and I go back to work on Monday. My dreams after leaving
Echo Cave are restless. I am back in the cave, standing in waist deep
water, looking up to the ceiling. The sounds of the cave echo around me.
After a while I start to hear laughter, quiet at first, then growing so
loud that it is the only sound that fills my ears. I wake up in a panic,
and Sierra calms me down and says that I need to stop going caving when
it freaks me out so much. I start to argue, but I don’t want to tell her
what happened because she would either not believe me or not let me go
anywhere with Molly again.

When I get into work Molly is already there. She looks at me, anger
contorting her face again then looks away. She does not talk to me the
whole day. She is also different when I see or hear her talk to our
coworkers or customers. Her happy-go-lucky customer service persona is
replaced with a muted, calm one. She scowls at me a lot too. She is
clearly still pissed off, but I know in my heart that I did nothing
wrong that day.

Eventually on Wednesday I approached her. She looks up at me and I say,
“listen, I know you’re mad. But I’m going crazy, and I have no one else
to talk to. There is something wrong with that cave.”

She seems to soften at that. “I don’t know what really happened, but I’m
not mad at you. I just… I was so scared, and you weren’t there,” she
said.

“I know, I felt the same way. Can we just put this behind us?” I ask.
She smiles and says we can.

“Still, I can’t stop thinking about it. As creepy as it was, and I never
want to go back there, it was beautiful in that cavern. I can still hear
the weird echoing when I sleep,” she muses, and I nod, feeling the exact
same way. I don’t tell her about the nightmares I’d been having, afraid
she would laugh me off. 

Friday rolls around, and Sierra and I pack the truck for two nights at
our favourite campsite. For once I do not have the dreams of Echo Cave,
and I go to bed holding my girlfriend, feeling peaceful for the first
time this week.

I wake up to Sierra talking lowly. “Babe. Dan. Your phone is buzzing.
Pick it up. Please I can’t sleep,” she moans. I look at my screen and
read the time, 3:06am. The screen lights up with a few missed calls and
new voicemail from Molly. Confused, I assume she’s on another midnight
binge of a TV show and has called to tell me about the finale. I dial my
voicemail and listen to the message.

She talks in a hushed voice, like she’s scared that Adelaide will wake
up. “Dan, listen. I know we said we would never go back to Echo Cave.
But I can’t stop thinking about it,” she whispers, and my heart rate
starts to pick up. “Its so beautiful. I just want to hear the echoes
again, up close, not when I’m dreaming. I’m going back tonight. You can
come too if you want, I’ll wait for you there,” I shoot up in bed as the
message ends. Sierra looks at me, pissed off that I woke her up again,
but when she sees the look in my eyes, she starts to ask me what’s
wrong.

I can’t get the words out at first, but eventually I start to tell her
everything that happened at Echo Cave. She looks at me, horror growing
on her face, until I’m done with the story. I play her the voicemail
again.

“We can’t just let her go back there; she’s losing her mind!” Sierra
exclaims. I sit in stunned silence.

“I can’t go back. I can’t. There’s something in that cave, something not
human. Something not right,” I say worriedly. She calms me down again.
We agreed to call the police and see if they can go out to the park to
find her. The operator says they will send a cruiser out there, and we
pack up our campsite and head out to Wind Cave National Park as well.

When we get there, I can see two police vehicles with their lights on.
Behind them Molly’s beat up van is sitting there, left in a mess, with
the door open and caving gear strewn about. I start to panic again. We
approach the two officers that are there.

“I’m Daniel Nicholson. I called for Molly Fisher? That’s her van. Have
you located her yet?” I ask frantically. The female officer turns to me.

“Hi Daniel,” she gives me a warm smile, “We have two officers on the
trail right now. It seems like she got here about 5 minutes ago, we
contacted her partner who heard her leave around 3:15am. I will update
you two with any news, but I suggest you wait in your car,” she
finishes.

We thank them, and I walk back over, but I can’t sit in the truck. I
pace back and forth, thinking about Molly, alone, in the cave, with
something dark and shadowy creeping up behind her. Sierra looks at me
pacing, concern growing on her face.

Eventually I hear the searchers radio the two officers. The female
officer approaches us again, bracing herself, “I’m sorry Mr. Nicholson,
they searched the entire trail but were not able to find her. Search and
Rescue are being contacted. I’m afraid there’s nothing else we can do-”

“No, she’s not on the trail, I told you she went into the cave, by the
tree with the rock, you can’t stop-” I start, voice rising with every
word.

“They located the cave Mr. Nicholson, but our officers aren’t trained to
go inside, we need to call the rescue service-” she says, but the rest
of her words are drowned out by the rushing in my ears. She would have
made it into the cavern by now. Whatever is in there would have her.

Sierra and I stay until the rescue service comes, and until the sun
rises over the grasslands. Eventually they all come back, reporting that
no one was in the cave. When they got into the cavern they searched the
entire room, even the shallow pool, and nobody was there. They were
going to continue to search across the trails of the park. I listened to
them speak, and then Sierra ushered me back into the truck, driving me
back home as I stared numbly out the window.

A week passed by, and I called every day, asking for more news.
Apparently, she had left most of her hiking gear in her van. Police dogs
track Molly’s scent to the entrance of Echo Cave, and it stops after
that. Every night I am plagued by dreams of Molly, alone in the cave,
and the maniacal disembodied laughter wakes me every time. We went by to
check on her girlfriend Adelaide, and she is beside herself. She
wouldn’t even look at me once.

Days pass until I am awoken again in the middle of the night by my phone
ringing. I look at my illuminated screen, and I immediately bolt up at
seeing Molly’s name as the caller ID. Amazingly, I don’t wake up Sierra,
who also hasn’t been sleeping well this past week.

I press the answer button, “Mol? Where are you? Are you ok?” I ask
frantically. My stomach drops when I hear her voice.

“Hi Dan. I wish you were here. It’s so beautiful inside, the walls call
out to me. I had to see it again. Will you be here soon?” she spoke in a
calm voice. Behind her I can hear the unmistakable echoing water drops,
growing louder, and something else, it almost sounded like, splashing
water? Her voice fills me with dread. It’s that same monotonous tone she
used when she spoke to me through the squeeze in the tunnel, when she
told me she would be in the cavern soon.

“Molly, what’s going on? You’re… not yourself. You need to get out of
there right-” I start.

“Hi Dan. I wish you were here. It’s so beautiful inside, the walls call
out to me. I had to see it again. Will you be here soon?” She repeats,
almost like a recording of herself, the exact same as before. I listen
in stunned silence, hearing the echoes again, sending a cold wash of
fear through my chest. I start to hear it, the sounds that at this point
I had only heard in my dreams; distant, dark laughter, barely audible
and without any echo. The faint splashing continues.

“Molly…” I choke out, my voice barely above a whisper, “You need to
leave. Now. Please.” The laughter rings louder in my ears. I start to
wonder if I am in one of my nightmares again. “Listen to me, plug your
ears, stop listening to it-” I plead. It sounds like the laughter is
coming from my room now, right beside my bed.

“Hi Dan.” I hear Molly say again, “I wish you were here. It’s so
beautiful inside, the walls call out to me. I had to see it again. Will
you be here soon? Wait-” my breathing picks up again as she pauses for a
second, “I can see you now. I’m coming!” I hear Molly say, and then the
call drops.

I sit there, numb, and eventually I try to call back and no one picks
up. I just hear the voicemail message that I’ve listened to hundreds of
times this week. I’ve reached Molly Fisher; however, her voicemail is
full and to try again later. Sierra wakes up when daylight breaks and
looks at me with concern until I lie back down, but I don’t close my
eyes.

In the morning, I get up, put on my work uniform, and get in my truck. I
tell Sierra that I’ll see her after work. When I get to the hardware
store, I drive past, and start to head south on Highway 79. I’m going to
Echo Cave. You should come too. It’s so beautiful inside, the walls call
out to you.
