My life amounts to either hunting the anti-christ then dying, not in a
metaphorical “determined” figure of speech ‌, that is what would happen.
My brothers and I had known this very well since birth. 

They burned the selected brother alive, and on this day, the talismans
surrounding him also ignited. Identifying that somewhere in this now
God-ridden world, the anti-christ has come. Meaning that, since I’m
still alive, my remaining brothers will all do nothing but hunt it down
and rid it from the earth, as God intended. 

“Arm yourselves and set forthright. Now is the time of reckoning, so we
must make haste before the beast strikes the church.” The fathers
shouted to all of us as we armed ourselves and made our leave. 

“Where do you reckon the beast spawned?” Anthony, my thirty-second
oldest brother, nudged me as we climbed the stairs from the crypt.

“America.” I jested with mocking confidence. 

“Well, looks like we have something to look forward to.” He laughed,
both of us knowing that ‌it was a complete shot in the dark.

Statistically, it would be India which would birth the anti-christ, but
not definite, and we didn’t have the time to gamble on the devil’s
plots. Meaning the church used all of my brothers and I too would spread
out throughout the globe to follow up on every birth today. I, along
with Anthony, would hunt throughout the Southern United-States,
ironically the ones with the moniker “Bible Belt.”

The church could discern the day, yet not the hour nor year, hence the
sacrifice of my eldest (living) brother today. Every second, 4 humans
leave the womb, so even after narrowing the day of the month of the
year, there’s still a ridiculous amount of babies to interview.

Starting in Texas the process was to go to a hospital as an ordained
minister, speak with the new mothers about the church’s works to bless
the child with a good future while the true intention is to communicate
with the mother figuring out the birth circumstances. 

Believers assert that the anti-christ will mock Christ, thus he too will
be born to a virgin mother. This would not only already cause a global
uproar in the media age but at the very least would be easy information
to pry out of an emotional postpartum woman.

Unfortunately for me, fathers seemed to be present and protective of my
religious sales pitch. I don’t like to pester people; I love the joys of
childbirth and what comes with it. Being a stain by intruding for my
cause is nothing less than being a nosy fly on a beautiful picnic.

“She’s unconscious right now, so we really can’t let you near her at the
moment.” The orderly stood in my way.

“I understand. Would there be a father I could speak to by chance?”

She looked hesitantly around, sharing the shame the mother must have.

“No, there isn’t a father you can speak to, now if you would please
leave the mother alone.” She gestured to the door to leave.

“I completely understand, no worries, I’ll go out for a bit and come
back.”

The orderly did an awkward grin showing her disapproval in my ministry
as she nodded her head and walked off.

Plenty of mothers were there without fathers to pair and I had spoken to
all of them with nothing distinctive or interesting about their child
though this one was the first that matched two of the boxes. A mystery
father and a much more prevalent toll on the body after birth. 

Supposedly she had been unresponsive since the moment the child exited.
After a couple of hours all I’d do is prompt the damning question of
immaculate conception simply to gauge her reaction, risks like that are
plausible with this much of a match. My image of looking crazy won’t
interfere with my job of killing the anti-christ and that’s all that
matters. 

“What exactly do you mean?” I asked with the most sincerity I could
offer this ridiculously incompetent task rabbit.

“I’m sorry sir, but she’s no longer here with us.” The orderly solemnly
said.

I threw my hands behind my head as I walked in a short circle letting
out a heavy breath.

“Ok, ok, just let me know where she lives so I can swing by.” I
prompted.

“Sir I don’t think you understand, she-” she tried.

“I don’t understand? No, no, hun you don’t understand, this is a serious
matter of importance and you keep idling!” I shouted mockingly, holding
myself back.

“I’m going to ask you to please leave sir.” She returned, not too
startled with my outburst.

Passing the miles of waste and untouched desert, the next town was
nothing to remember. Someone driving by would look out the window, see
the town as nothing more than buildings and streets, then without a
second missing, their eyes back on the road.

What that driver doesn’t know is that this town could hold the
Armageddon and it is my responsibility, my job, to save that driver.

As soon as I got out of the taxi I ripped off my coat, the heat weighed
me down sapping motivation. After paying my dues, a corner store caught
my eye.

“Just these please” I said while pushing a cola and chips to the clerk
who was in her teens.

“Alright, give me one second,” she said while finishing something she
had been meddling with beneath the counter.

“What’s good to eat around here?” I asked with a big greeting smile on.

“Honestly not much, you’d have more headed towards Dallas.” She trailed
on as the wail of a baby erupted from the employees room.

“Is this baby alright?” I asked, subtly setting my sights. 

“Oh, no yea she’s just woken up from her nap, sorry about that.”

“Ah no need to apologize, I love children. How old is she?”

“She’s actually only a week old, and the total is five even. Cash only,
sorry.”

“Oh wow, congratulations, I’m actually a priest from abroad and I’d love
to give a blessing to your baby.”

“Sorry no, I’m- I’m not the mother, she’s my moms kid and she’s actually
at church right now so I’m sure she’d love to talk to you. And then
here’s your change. Thank you, I have to go check on little Catherine,
have a great day!”

I smiled, waving her off while she rushed into the employee room. The
fact that this store alone caught my eye, that I happened to stop in
this pitstop of a town, and that it just so happens a child was born
here on that day. I have been sent here by divine intervention and I
will be his hand.

The knob to the employee room was locked, no window or anything. Wailing
from the beast inside somehow got muffled with panicked breath
accompanying it while I waited. Breaking in would risk her getting away
and saving the beast. I stood by the door to the employee room caressing
my pistol, internally debating. I made the decisive move to leave and
get close to the mother instead.

Inside the modest church the heat which groped every inch of me left
with a cooling presence in its place. A subtle hum of a silent church
with the insignificant shuffling and murmuring of old ladies in the
back. Intentionally I had my coat back on displaying my obvious priest
garb before approaching them.

Subtly I walked near them, nodded with a cheery smile, while they shot
up a hand and left, however not before shooting looks towards another
lady. In the first row of the church was a humble believer on their
knees with their hands praised above their head.

“May I pray with you ma’am?” I whispered, putting my hand on her
shoulder. 

She raised her head showing tears streaming down her face while
shakingly nodded and gesturing for me to sit beside her.

Of course, I had no clue how to pray or worship since that was
irrelevant to my life’s task so I figured I’d get by from mocking her
movements.

I was far past the point of exhaustingly bored when she finally got up
and sat down. Finally I followed her, preparing to speak. 

“Father, may I ask you to pray for my daughter.” She whispered in a
shaky voice. 

Internally I was giddy that she brought it up without any effort, “Of
course, may I know her name?”

“Yes, my daughter Claire, she needs so much right now.”

Instantly I lost all interest in anything this hag had to say, her cries
clearly had been falling on deaf ears for a reason. 

“Tell me about it, I’ll do everything I can.” I forced myself to comfort
her, now headlocked in this ordeal.

She pulled her purse and grabbed tissues to pat her eyes while gathering
herself. All I could think about is how I should’ve spoken to the group
of ladies instead of this outcast. 

“Her father passed when she was only a sophomore, and ever since then
she became so responsible it scared me. I kind of wanted to see her
break down so we could be on the same page, but it was only ever me who
did so.” 

Her words were sincere as they left her mouth and flew from one of my
ears straight out to the other. 

“That’s when she started working at the shop during nights so I could
get some rest, but I should’ve just closed it down or toughed it out, I
shouldn’t have put her there so late. She was far too young for any of
that to happen to her, too young to be a mother…”  Her words, barely
comprehensible in between her tears, “I’m a horrible mother, It’s my
fault this happened.”

She finished now, now completely crying, unable to speak between gasped
breaths. In response I started forcing my arm up almost mechanically to
go around her shoulder and pat her back, blankly staring right at the
eyes of Jesus on the cross.

“The store you’re mentioning, is it the one down the street here?” I
gestured towards the left.

“Y- yes that’s our family mart, did you see Claire? Was she alright? She
hasn’t really talked to me since it all happened.” She perked up, wiping
her face.

“Claire was doing well, you’re a great mother, you shouldn’t fret so
much. I’m sure she’s proud of you and just needs to cope in her own way,
I’ll keep you all in my prayers.” I said with my genuine grin returning
to my face.

She couldn’t even muster any words, those words must’ve hit something in
this skinbag as her hands clasped her weeping face.

“Fa- father, we had told everyone that it was my child, please don’t let
anyone know what I’ve said. She has it hard enough and it was the least
I could do to help her forget that bad man.”

“I’m a priest, not a gossiper, I only wish to aid you. In fact, if you’d
like I can go speak to Claire again to pray with her?” 

“Oh well the shop will start closing soon so she’ll be at the house,
would you still be able to go see her? If it’s too much-”

“Of course it’s not a problem at all, in fact I can head over there
right now!”

“Thank you so much father, thank you, I- I’m- please, be there for her.”
She tugged at my arm with a horrible, whimpering face. 

Unbelievable. I can’t believe how amazing I am at my job, the first
state I cover and I’ve already found the beast. Why else would that
heathen hide her pregnancy or the truth of the father? She must have her
own conniving plot in order for hiding the truth of her womb desecrated
by Lucifer.

Déjà vu for the once again calm grasp of the door handle towards an
unsatisfying stop to enter, now this time to enter a broken down home. 

“Hey Claire, can you open this door?” I demanded with frustration behind
my teeth.

“Why- why are you back?” She answered meekly.

“Claire, open the door.”

“Now I- I-”

“OPEN THE DOOR CLAIRE!” I shouted now banging onto the doorframe making
the house rattle.

The beast began to cry in response.

“I HEAR IT CLAIRE, LET ME IN!” I continued now fully punching the door. 

“Claire, are you going to open this door for me?” I asked with a calm
soothing tone to aid her now weeping state.

“Please- please just leave me alone.” She whimpered.

“NOT WITH THAT BEAST YOU FUCKING WENCH, LET ME IN!” I screamed at her,
baffled at the depths of hell she allowed herself to fall into. 

I lifted my foot, thrusting it into the locked door over and over while
demanding Claire to surrender the beast. She and the door both refused
to let up and my leg began to give out.

“Fuck this.” I mumbled as I pulled out my pistol and aimed it at the
door.

I aimed at the deadbolt but my eyes and hands were shaky, I lined it up
as best I could and let out a shot. Trying the door again it still
wouldn’t budge and the beast’s cries grew louder in response.

The window on the side of the house was the next best option as I used
the heel of the pistol to break it open. 

Upon entry I heard no movement or crying aside from the beast’s. Gun
raised, I cleared through the kitchen, entering the living room on the
other side of the front door. 

In front of the dinner table sat the infant in her car seat. Screaming
as much as her tiny lungs could offer. To the right, beside the front
door lies a lifeless Claire whose head had a bleeding hole from a
ricocheted gunshot wound. Ideally she would have lived, but that all the
more steels my resolve for the next target to make sure her life went to
use. 

I took my time to get in front of the screaming beast. My footsteps are
hardly audible behind the unrelenting screams. Every doubt and
consideration of the beast’s humanity the devil tempted me with I fought
back with the affirmation of this beast’s coming destruction, nay its
current destruction for its existence was the cause of an innocent life
already. 

Forcing myself to watch, forcing myself to acknowledge the reality and
never forget what it means to put faith behind words, I raised my gun
and finished the job. 

I couldn’t get rid of that feeling, the unsatisfying sight of that baby
girl. Focusing only on the small fragments of determination I felt to
get it right next time I left the bloodsoaked home with Claire’s car
keys headed for Louisiana. I’ll make sure to get it right next time, or
else the two innocent lives lost will also go to waste. For their sake,
if you had given birth recently. Let me know, please.
