Behind the old bowling alley, there is a building on the side of the
hill. It’s a small, run-down cabin only hidden by a few sparse trees.
Some days when I go out to smoke, I just stare at it.

I didn’t think much of it until I asked one of my coworkers. She got
this serious look on her face and went completely silent. After a few
seconds, she just took a long sip of her beer and shook her head.
Anytime I tried to push further, she was quick to shut me down.

Later that weekend, I tried to ask my friend Levi, who had lived in the
town his whole life. He was normally such a happy, carefree guy, but his
face turned nearly white when I asked him. He tried to change the
conversation. When I pushed him on it, he said, “It’s a place where bad
shit happens. Promise me you won’t go there- I have to hear you say you
promise.” Seeing how serious he was, I promised, albeit hesitantly. He
acted off the rest of the night, leaving early because he had something
come up at the last minute.

Even with what Levi had said, I had to go find out for myself. I had to
see it, even if it was nothing, even if it was dangerous- I just had to
know.

When night came, I told my dad I was gonna get food. He nodded, barely
looking up from the scattered paperwork and beer bottles that littered
his desk. I watched him for a moment before I left for the cabin. When I
got there, I made my way down the hill and across the creek. The area
around the cabin was silent, no crickets, no birds, nothing.

I stood at the front of the cabin. The wood warped and darkened. I
traced the outside with my flashlight. It was small, probably no more
than two or three rooms. I looked down at the cracked wood on the stairs
leading up to the porch. I placed my foot on one step and pushed the
wood slightly. It creaked, but held well under the weight.

I stepped onto the porch, which had a single rocking chair, swaying
slightly in the faint wind. I stepped up to the wooden door and stood
there for nearly a full minute. A part of me wanted to go back, the
rational part of my brain telling me that whatever was in here wasn’t
worth it. But a bigger part of me had to know what scared people so much
about this old place.

A wooden chair had been wedged beneath the handle, blocking the door
from the outside. I moved it aside and pushed the door slightly. It
squeaked loudly against the heavily rusted hinges.

I shone my flashlight inside. The place still had old furniture that
looked completely untouched, all covered in a layer of dust. There was
an old wooden bed, a small bedside table, and a moldy red carpet. I took
a step inside, propping the door open with the chair. The air inside was
still, my flashlight illuminating the dust particles floating in the
air.

​

I looked over to the door to my left. It was closed, the walls next to
it adorned with paintings I didn’t recognize. I walked over to the door
and gave it a soft push, as it creaked open. I shone my flashlight
through the doorway.

​

I stopped, nearly dropping my flashlight as my heart sank to my feet and
my stomach churned.

​

On the opposite side of the room, something impossibly large was
crouched against the wall.

​

My heart raced as I stared at it. I took a slow, careful step backward
before bumping into the door. I jumped at the sudden contact, dropping
the flashlight as it clattered to the floor, illuminating the thing in a
sickening light.

​

I whipped around, about to run as far as I could before a pungent scent
cut through the air, filling my nostrils. It smelled exactly like the
fudge that my mom made for Christmas. It was something I hadn’t smelt in
so long. I slowly turned around, facing the thing on the other side of
the cramped room. The hair hanging from its face stirred, the rest of
its body as still as stone.

​

The smell wafted through the air, latching onto me like an invisible
rope. Against my better judgment, I took a step towards it. The hair on
its face rustled as its lower jaw began to drop, popping and cracking as
it stretched until it hit the floor.

I walked up to it until it was towering above me. I stared into its maw,
a tunnel made of old flesh. It had two rows of flat teeth on its lower
jaw that, like pigs fighting for food, pushed against each other.

​

As I got closer, I realized something. The smell was coming from inside
its throat. I saw a glint of something peeking out from behind its
matted hair.

It was an eye.

Staring directly at me.

My body tightened. I had to run to get as far away from here as possible
and never return. I took a deep breath- and I smelled it again. The
sweet smell of freshly made fudge. The memory of her was so warm that it
was hard to fight against it. I turned my head back down as I gazed into
its mouth. It was more repulsive than anything I’d ever seen in my life—
but it smelled so nice, so comforting.

​

Before I realized it, I had stepped into its mouth. My shoe sank into
its tongue, making a sickening squelch. The inside was covered in dark
blood and various, frantic scratch marks. I looked down at its massive,
crooked teeth. They were the size of dinner plates, yellowed and covered
in what looked like dried blood.

​

It did not react.

​

Its throat stretched, a deep, convulsing tunnel that seemed to go on
forever.

​

It smelled so sweet. Now that I was closer, I could smell it so clearly.
I closed my eyes and pictured the homemade bars of whipped fudge, topped
with crushed bits of peppermint. I could picture my mother smiling as
she handed them to me. I felt myself smile.

​

I took another step.

​

I pushed against the saliva-covered walls. My hands were almost sticking
to the tacky, slick flesh.

I got on my hands and knees and began crawling. Its mouth was slimy,
covered in thick, viscous saliva. I could hear it breathing around me,
deep, low breaths that sounded more like a building settling than any
living creature. It was calm, remaining patiently still.

​

I saw the light behind me slowly disappear as its mouth closed. I
couldn’t go back, nor did I want to. I merely just kept crawling
further. Its throat began to constrict around me. My clothes began to
rip and tear against the pressure. I couldn’t do anything but pull
myself forward.

​

I heard a loud pop as my leg snapped in two, tearing open my skin like
wet cloth. The pain was unbearable. I stopped momentarily before
clenching my teeth, using the only leg I had to push myself forward,
deeper into it.

​

I was so close, I could feel it. If I just kept crawling, I might be
able to remember what she looked like, the way she laughed, the way she
smiled when she looked at Dad and me.

Things I had not seen in so, so long.

​

I lost feeling in my legs, pulling myself forward with my hands, my
nails scraping against the walls of its slimy throat.

Each desperate pull only moved me a few centimeters, but I could do
nothing else but continue to move. I used what hollow strength I had to
push against it as I crawled forward. With each pulse of its throat, I
felt my grip loosen.

​

I felt an intense pressure build up around my chest, squeezing me until
I felt my ribs begin to snap. I felt one of them tear into my lungs as
all the air rushed out of me.

My arms dropped, pushed together, then folded backward over my elbow
with a loud pop as I felt blood pour out of the fresh wound. Every ounce
of strength left my body as I screamed; the sound muffled against the
breathing walls.

​

Something sweet began to pool in my mouth as my vision blurred.

​

It tasted like fudge.
