I have no idea where I’m going to post this but I’m getting desperate
here. I’m not sure of the exact address but I’m being held in a house
somewhere on the east side of the Springfield River. I got myself into a
very shitty, dangerous situation and I need to get out of it now. I feel
like I should be totally honest because even though I don’t want to get
the police involved I know that I’ll probably have to talk to them after
this, that is if I hopefully can get the fuck out of here.

I just have to be honest and confess even if no one actually comes and
saves me. I was always taught by my church that if I felt like my life
was ending, that I shouldn’t fight, I should just pray and confess.
Okay, fuck, here it goes:

 
Very shortly after my eighteenth birthday I created a Twitter and Reddit
account and started posting sexual videos and photos of myself. While
other guys my age spent their 18th birthday drinking with friends, I was
inventing a new identity. After very little thought I went with the name
“Str8 From Sodom.”

At the time it seemed like a very easy way to make money and to be fair,
I was right. Going into it I knew that my audience wouldn’t be women, it
would be mostly if not entirely older men. You get used to that fact
quickly and you learn how to cater to the proper audience.

I never understood straight guys who think that they will be overnight
sensations just by recording themselves in a dark room doing what they
do to themselves every night. The only time that has ever worked was if
they were famous actors or rappers.

No, what I and many other guys my age do is different, more production
and acting than anything. It’s the same basic concept of people wanting
to see you “enjoy yourself” but with one big difference, you don’t enjoy
yourself.

Imagine trying to enjoy a private moment but instead of it being just
for you, you know for a fact that you are going to eventually show it to
a possibly uncountable amount of people. Imagine trying to reach
multiple climaxes knowing that you’re gonna spend all tomorrow editing
away every unsatisfying moan, every burp, every flubbed voice line. I
can’t count the number of times I’ve had to edit away parts of my video
because my posture was wrong or my stomach looked too big.

I’m in no way a big guy, I think I’m actually bordering on underweight,
but your brain has a funny way of making you hate yourself when you look
at your body for too long.

Also while I’m talking about my setup, it’s a nightmare having to angle
the lights and camera stand just right so that no one watching can tell
any private information about me such as photos, local clothes brands or
even the weather. All of it can be used by creeps to find your location.

I almost had a heart attack one night when I received a direct message
from one of my viewers pointing out that the soda can in the background
of my latest video was only sold in stores in my province. That was
enough to make me delete the post and send me into a paranoid spiral for
a week.

It wasn’t uncommon for my more loyal fans to DM me, praising me or
asking if I was single. They must have been so surprised when I actually
messaged back and started asking about their lives, it was never
serious, just a little market research. I would ask what type of job
they had or what country they were from, they got to talk to a fresh
sweet college boy and I got a rough estimate of my audience’s
background, age and yearly income.

As it turned out over 68% worked in I.T or security. Call me heartless
but when you are selling a product you have to know your buyers.

The reason I’m telling you all of this instead of calling the police is
because I’m about to get to the really embarrassing part of my “job”,
the part that looking back on it now is how everything got so fucked in
the first place. I started taking commissions for personalised content.
My public posts were just advertising for my real product; my
willingness to say anything or do anything I was paid to. After reaching
my follower goal I drafted up my commission post.

“Hey, all you perverts. Thank you so much for getting me to 8k followers
and for getting my last gym selfie to a thousand likes, it makes me so
hard knowing that we are all getting off together” I remember feeling
nauseous when typing that part, the bile rose in my throat as I linked
my websites for what felt like the thousandth time “I have amazing news
to help celebrate our milestone. I’ll now be doing commission pics and
videos, that’s right, babies. I’ll do anything. I mean it, I’ll do
anything you ask.”

“My prices are only for those brave enough to dm tho, so you better get
them wallets out, here’s a few little teasers”

Underneath were four very short clips of me masturbating while dirty
talking about fake fantasies that I never liked but knew were popular.
It wasn’t long before I started getting commissions, they started out
plain enough with someone wanting me to moan their name or to stay fully
clothed while touching myself but after a month I started to get weird
requests; ones that, if they were ever linked back to me I would surely
never be able to show my face in public or hold down a job.

Everything from using fruit and vegetables as makeshift toys to getting
blackout drunk while crossdressing. The worst one I was ever paid to do
was when a very clean, friendly looking Russian man was willing to pay
me a lot of money to use a Ukrainian flag as a cum rag as I repeated
slurs; some I knew, others were unknown to me and likely anyone else who
didn’t speak Russian.

I don’t deserve to complain about these creeps and perverts, I have zero
moral high ground.
One online purchase and a short Russian enunciation lesson later and I
was $500 richer.

Everything was perfect more or less, I was a modern day Spider-Man or
Hannah Montana. That was until this morning when I was called into the
dean’s office of my community college. I was seated in front of the head
of the college, a nearly sixty year old woman I think I saw once during
orientation. She made sure the window blinds were closed and the office
door was locked before she showed me a picture of my own ass on her
computer screen.

“Would you care to explain this image, young man?”

My throat tightened as I struggled to get my lie out.

“Umm, I don’t know who that is?”

She turned the monitor back to her, squinting her eyes in disgust as she
zoomed into something in the background of the photo. As I looked longer
at the photo I realised it was one of those photos that I took in a
public bathroom.

Don’t judge me too hard, sometimes I had gaps in my content and I didn’t
want my viewers getting bored or I was asked by a viewer to. She zoomed
into a small window in the very corner of the bathroom stall and outside
that window were the leaves of a dawn redwood tree. The same tree my
shitty community college planted to celebrate some anniversary or the
other.

She locked eyes with me as her voice pierced me.

“You do realise that public indecency of one’s body is a serious crime.
What made you think this was okay, young man?”

“W-wait, no no, how did you even find this?” I stammered, my brain in
overdrive trying to think of a quick lie.

“Well, I hardly think that’s the main problem here. I should really be
taking this up with the authorities, seeing that you were recording in
the bathroom, but we would prefer to deal with this in-house. With that
being said you will be expelled from this school effective immediately
on the grounds of sexually inappropriate behaviour and misuse of campus
facilities.”

I shook my head as she talked, as if I could deny it then she’ll believe
me over her own eyes.

“Wait no, can I just explain myself for a second?” I said not planning
out whatever sentence would follow.

“If you think you can”

She gave me a cold, piercing stare, the type of look that told me she
wasn’t actually gonna let me get a word in. It’s not like I had a good
excuse, anyway.

I felt myself drifting out of her office and out onto the main street. I
didn’t think of stopping by my class or wasting any time before I walked
up the street to the bus stop. I didn’t check the schedule. I stood
there trying not to cry as I felt hopeless to the consequences of my own
actions.

Just like that I was expelled, kicked out of the education that I
thought I would never have enough money to attend, quietly sobbing on
the bus travelling in the opposite direction from my home. Away from my
parents, to whom I would soon have to explain everything. Maybe I could
rough myself up and tell them I fought a teacher or I could say another
guy in my class decided to accuse me of stealing from him and that his
family owns the college.

It wouldn’t be the first time I came up with a thick web of bullshit to
get out of a mess but it wouldn’t matter what bullshit I told them or
myself. The news would eventually spread around town and reach them just
like every other rumor in this community did.

I understand that some of you might be thinking that my parents will
understand if I just told the truth. That might work with some “new age”
parents but my parents are , for lack of a better term, Old
Testament-level homophobes. Two years ago there was a rumour that a
foreign exchange student was trying to seduce all of the boys in our
local high school, what started as the host family finding some used
condoms and an empty bottle of whisky turned into a town sized rumour
that this foreign teenager was trying to corrupt the locals with drink,
drugs and sex, a rumour partly started by my father and then pushed by
my mother.

The program was supposed to last six months but he was abruptly sent
back to Asia only two months after he arrived due to half the parents in
town writing to both the school board and Peter’s family about what they
believed to be his crimes. The parents association were worried about
him corrupting their sons or impregnating their daughters, how he was
forcing girls to drink to have his way with them.

That last rumor was actually thought up by my dad during one of our many
family meetings about Peter. His parents had him sent back before school
started, before he got the chance to study and hang out after school.
For two short months he was in my life and then he was gone without a
way to contact anyone.

He never even got to see the snow like he always wanted.

When I arrived in the centre of town, I sat on a nearby bench to get my
bearings. Just as I was trying to decide whether to hide in a cafe or a
bookstore instead of going home, I noticed a large, gruff-looking man
walking towards me.

I noticed that I was basically sitting in the middle of the small
two-person bench with my bag next to me. I scooted to the side and took
my bag with me to let the man know that he’s invited to sit if he wants.

Sure enough he makes his way over,

“Ah, thank you.” His voice was as rough and gruff as he looked but it
was laced with a heavy German accent. He huffs and grunts as he sits on
the bench, I could hear something in his back or his legs softly crack.
I can see the fabric of his blue jeans white at the seams, struggling to
contain his weight.

His dark brown hair was slicked to the side to hide slight thinning, his
beard was nicely maintained on his face. Meanwhile the facial hairs
running down his chin and his protruding neck fat, on the other hand
looked painful, sharp and irritating. As he sat down I realised how wide
the man was as his left hip and thigh was pressed firmly against me.

As I was trying to figure out how I was going to get up without seeming
rude or without rubbing against him too much, the man turned to me and
said

“Excuse me, sorry but what time is it?”

The aroma of tooth plaque and peppermints hits my nose. Clearly this guy
thought that eating a handful of mints was a good substitute to actually
brushing his teeth, the wide smile he gave me confirmed my thoughts by
letting me see the thick creamy yellow gunk stuck to each tooth.

I checked my phone to see it was just after 10am, I should’ve been in my
marketing class deciding what I wanted for lunch or gossiping with the
other students. I wondered if they all already knew about me being
expelled. For all I knew the dean told the whole staff about what had
happened and then one of those teachers had looser lips than others and
told students, maybe by mistake, maybe out of boredom.

“It’s five past ten,” I told him. The man sighed heavily as if he could
finally relax now that he knew the time.

“…thank you, dear.” He kept his eyes on me, at first I thought he was
just trying to look at my phone screen and be nosy but then I turned to
see how his eyes darted around my body, it wasn’t like he was looking me
up and down but more like his gaze never stayed in the same spot for
more than half a second. I stared at him trying to give him a look but
that didn’t stop him one bit.

“Excu–” I tried to get his attention but I was quickly cut off.

“You dress very nicely, you are a very handsome man.”

I should have just gotten up and left or just pulled out my phone and
ignored him until he left me alone but instead, out of some sick habit,
I put on a smile and looked up at him like it was the first compliment I
had ever received.

“You really think so? Thank you so much, I … love your whole outfit.”
Maybe it was pity over the fact that this guy was trying to hit on me or
it was just me wanting male attention no matter the source but I
introduced myself.

Nothing crazy, just my first name and the fact that I knew my way around
the town. What followed could only be described as an avalanche of
backstory as this man told me everything there was to know about him.

“My name is Arthur and I’m forty-six years young, haha. I just moved
here very recently from my home town in Deutschland, I work from home as
a cybersecurity expert and I-” as he continued I let my mind wander to
other places as he explained why he moved to Canada.

I thought about how many people are working in cybersecurity these days
and how guys like him must be loaded with cash. For a split second the
idea of becoming a sugar baby crossed my mind. I mean, I already get
paid to stroke myself on camera, would a handjob and a few dates really
be any different or any less degrading.

As Arthur, the big German man, continued I spaced in and out of his
never ending monologuing, I finally came back to reality when I felt his
clammy hairy hand rubbing against my knee.

“You know, Tony, you are such a good listener. I feel as if no one in
this town has really connected with me like this, I will buy you a
drink” The man said in a direct and unshakable manner.

“Umm no, I’m okay, really” I tried to laugh off the request if you could
even call it that.

“I think I’ll just chill here and enjoy the weather, t-thanks though.” I
tried to shrink away from him and his touch but in doing so I only
managed to push myself deeper into the bench and rub my ribs against the
metal arm rest.

“Nein, no. I insist a young man like you deserves a good drink. Now
we’re going. Come on move them legs” a sharp pain shot down from my knee
joint to my foot as Arthur grabbed my knee to steady himself as he stood
up. His fat sausage fingers dug into the muscle as if he were trying to
hook under my ligaments and twist them.

I don’t know if he just ignored my pained groans or if he just couldn’t
hear them over his strained grunts and wheezes as he straightened his
back and stood up. He moves in front of me with his hand keeping its
position on my knee. I looked up past his stomach as he held out his
other hand, he waited for me to take it and go with him.

“Come, we must get moving.” Arthur said with a hearty chuckle.

“No, I said I’m good. Really, I’ve had a shitty day an-.” I tried to
shrink away but was stopped by Arthur chuckling.

“Oh, ho yes, I can see that. A young man like you must be very busy but
not too busy for a beer, I hope?” Arthur cut me off as he guided me up
from the bench, he took my hand and jerked back his arm suddenly causing
me to fall forward into his stomach. My feet landed on the concrete as I
straightened my legs and stood up, my face inches away from. I ripped my
hand away from the older man’s hand. The last thing I needed right now
was for someone to see me holding hands with another man in the middle
of town.

“Nuh-uh, Mein Kleiner. Come on, one beer.” he said with a shit eating
grin on his face.

Look, I know that the worst thing you can do with a stranger is follow
them to a second location but luckily, I was actually familiar with the
bar he was trying to drag me to. It’s a small local spot that should be
empty by now so if I need any help I can yell for the staff. I also
thought that chances of being, like, killed were pretty low considering
that it was midday and the town was bustling with people.

I just had to keep a few things in mind, never let go of my phone, don’t
let him handle my drink and do not let him walk behind me, I thought it
was gonna be so fucking easy. Plus I could have really needed the drink,
thought we’d just chat, maybe he’d try to flirt some more. All I had to
do was play the fresh little college boy, pretend to be interested and
leave.

I told him that we could go to the bar together and that he could buy me
a drink, but only one drink and if he tries anything weird then I could
leave whenever I wanted. The grin on his face only grew as I walked
beside him.

I watched as the man next to me started to trudge towards the nearby
bar. I made sure to slow down my gait whenever I noticed him slow down
or look over his back at me. By the time we got into the bar I had
convinced myself that I had complete control over what was happening, I
had told myself that I’d let this pitiful sap buy me a drink and then
I’d hop on a bus back home.

We got inside and I was pleased to see how empty it was. It’s a small
hockey bar, the type that gets packed full every game night. The
bartender was polishing glasses as he watched an old game muted on one
of the three TV screens. One man was drinking at the bar, already on his
second pint despite it being before noon.

We both made our way to the bar but I made sure he was standing in front
of me, not just for safety but the idea of this man standing behind me,
being able to look me up and down made me feel sick.

We went up to the bar, I couldn’t tell if the bartender was happy to
have something to do or bothered that we were in there. His face was as
cold as the air outside. Arthur nodded for me to order first so I just
got a sleeve of the first brand I saw on the bar as he got a full pint
of whatever was imported. As soon as my small glass touched the bar I
grabbed it and held one hand over the top. I tried to move around the
corner to sit on some of the stools but Arthur wrapped an arm around my
waist and basically shoved me deeper into the bar as he already began
drinking from his pint.

I tried to fidget out of his grasp but it only managed to get us a few
side glances from the half asleep barflies. I was quickly shoved towards
a booth by the window which was still in plain sight of the bar’s sole
worker so it could have been worse. I sat just so I could get the man’s
sweaty clammy hand off my lower back.

I gritted my teeth and spoke as we both settled into our seats facing
each other.

“Hey, buddy! I told you not to try anything. You’re lucky I’m still
here.” It was mostly an empty threat but as soon as I finished that
drink I had full intention of leaving and finding another place to
wallow.

My words fell on deaf ears as I watched Arthur hold his glass high and
chug half his drink in one breath, I squirmed in my duct tape mended
seat as I watched the frosty gold liquid drip down his chin hairs. I
could already feel the tape’s adhesive rubbing off on my jeans, just
another reason to leave as soon as I could.

I take a sip from my glass as Arthur sets down his with a deep sigh.

“So wh–” I was quickly cut off

“Oh no, no need to thank me. A boy as dashing as you deserves a free
drink every once in a while.” The older man cooed like he was the love
interest in a Victorian romance novel.

I took a breath before saying,

“Actually, what I was gonna say was,`What do you want, Arthur? And be
quick about it”

His smile never faltered even while I tried to sound as straight and
tough as I could.

“I want to talk to you, as much as I can, Tony.” My name in his mouth
felt so wrong so I tried to distract myself as I glanced up to the
hockey game on one of the old box TVs.

My focus stayed on the game and my drink even as he continued

“What is your plan for life, Mein Kleiner?”

I let out a chuckle without meaning to. I was getting so tired of adults
asking me what I was studying and what I wanted to do with myself, I
guess now I only have to deal with one of those annoying-ass questions.

“Ha, I have no idea anymore.” I said mid sip of my beer, I spoke softly
into the glass making my own voice reflect back to my ears. “I think
just… get a job”

Arthur let out a loud chuckle making his face redden. I was getting
ready for the typical lecture I’m used to from my parents.

“And pray tell, what job would you get without an education?”

I remember how offended I felt and how much more on guard I felt like I
needed to be. I turned my attention back to him and spat out

“Excuse me? Who said that I’m not educated?” looking back at it maybe he
was testing me or maybe just fucking with me, trying to make me see that
I was running out of options.

A wide thin grin appeared under his dark brown moustache and his voice
came out in a smooth slimy way that made my skin turn cold.

“Nein, nein, little one, you misheard. I meant, since you are no longer
in college”

I never mentioned that I was in college, let alone that I had just been
kicked out. I looked into his eyes to see any hint of humour but I was
only met with his green eyes staring back at me as he grinned.

“W-what the hell do you mean?” I struggled to steady my voice, my speech
came out cracking and louder than I meant it to.

Arthur’s big meaty hands gripped onto the side of the table as he looked
at the bartender and the other patreons, checking to see if they were
watching us. Unluckily for me, the other customers were too busy day
drinking to care if we were there and the bartender was repeatedly
polishing the same glass as he probably daydreamed of being anywhere
else.

Arthur’s eyes darted from the bar back to me, for the first time I saw
his grin falter as a glimmer of anger flashed in his eyes for a split
second. He forced his grin as he spoke through his teeth,

“Quiet, Mein Kleiner. Please, don’t be so loud”.

My voice caught in my throat, my next words came out so choked and shaky
that they were unrecognizable to myself,

“I- I never- how did you know?”.

Arthur chuckled out a fake laugh before stroking his chin and saying,

“How was I to know you’re down on your luck? Why, it’s all over your
face. You’re a young man kicked to the road … but you will rise again,
no?” He took another gulp of his beer and he laughed to himself “Ha,
such a great story.” I felt faint and nauseous as he looked proud of
himself.

I stood up and grabbed my bag; I had enough of this and I was ready to
leave. As I move I said,

“Okay, fuck this.” but that’s when I felt Arthur’s hand wrapped around
my wrist and pulled me back to sit down.

A pain shot through my shoulder before my brain could register the
shock.

A pained yelp tried to escape my lips but was quickly silenced when
Arthur leaned forward and focused his mouth onto mine.

I didn’t have any time to react as I felt his tongue drive past my lips
and run along my teeth. When you grow up gay in a small town kisses are
few and far between. There had been practice sessions on my pillow, a
summer fling and now this. The season of my first kiss was the happiest
time in my life but filled with hurt emotions and bullshit feelings
getting in the way. I would instantly take all of it back if I could
wash the taste of gum disease and import beer out of my mouth.

He had his hand on the back of my neck stopping me from pulling away.
His warm slimy tongue slid against the inside of my cheek, I could feel
a line of drool roll down my chin as he smashed his mouth into mine. I
was so shocked by the feeling that it took me a while to think to bite
his tongue off but before I could he pulled away, his saliva and the
smell of his rotten teeth still prevalent between us.

From my right the bartender clears his throat loudly, annoyed. His eyes
stayed down as he kept polishing the same glass. I saw a quick look of
tired disgust on his face.

“Hey, take it to a hotel, you two. This isn’t a bathhouse” His words
were like a stab to the stomach, for a split second my main worry wasn’t
the man kissing me but the fact that I was seen with another man, that
even if Arthur left and wasn’t there that they would still look at me
like I was some disgusting deviant.

I wanted to say something to him, scream, yell, throw my glass at the
bar, anything to get his attention so he could fucking help but Arthur
grabbed my chin, forced my head to the side so he could talk closer to
my ear.

What he said next turned my blood cold and made my heart lurch into my
throat. He could have threatened my life, could have said he’d kill me
if I screamed or promised to assault me but instead he said something
much worse and personal.

“u/Str8_from_Sodom” my Reddit username.

My mouth opened and closed over and over as my mind tried to come up
with something to say, each time making my tastebuds relive the flavour
of the forced kiss. I wanted to say something smart or clever, deliver
some crushing insult that would make this creep shrivel back away from
me. I hadn’t even realised yet that I was exactly where he wanted me to
be for this conversation.

“…why?” That was all I was able to get out of my mouth as Arthur lowered
me back down into my seat, moving my small frail body like I was nothing
but a doll he could play pretend with.

Arthur held me in place with one of his huge clammy hands under the
table while the other hand stayed wrapped around his drink. His forced
smile appeared and disappeared as he spoke.

“”Why” what do you mean … “Why”? Y-You know why, dear. We have big
plans, W-we have talked about them, yes? Do not tell me you have
f-forgotten them.” his voice which was once smooth and slimy was now
pitchy and as wavy as his breaking smile.

“Do. not .tell. me. you. have. Forgotten.” he snarled as he held my arm
down, his dull dirty nails digging into my wrist and leaving crescent
shaped marks of hidden anger.

“S-Stop, just let me go, please. I-I’ll go, I’ll go and I won’t tell
anyone and y-” I mumbled just loud enough for him to hear before he
leaned in and cut me off.

“Tell? Tell whom, your police, your parents? W-Why would you ever want
to go and spoil our fantasy?”

“What fucking fantasy, what are you talking about?” I mumbled in a low
voice as I checked to see if anyone was listening in or watching us. I
glanced at the bartender to see he was busy watching the hockey and
wiping the bar with his back turned to us. He had already dismissed me
once as some kinda street-walking queer I doubt he’d even look our way
again.

Arthur’s grip on me tightened but this thumb rubbed in circles over my
veins in what was supposed to be a soothing way.

“You know damn well, Tony. We have talked for hours, you said you loved
my ideas, you wanted to make me happy. I could make you more money than
you know what to do with. You will never have to worry about making
those disgusting videos ever again”

“Yes, exactly. Videos, that’s all they were, okay?” I bit back “I don’t
want anything to do with yo-”. I was cut off by Arthur twisting his grip
on my wrist and his thumb driving so roughly into my arm I swear I could
feel him touch the space in between the bones.

His nail just about broke skin when he growled

“Shut your fucking mouth. I am offering everything we’ve both ever
wanted. Why hurt me now.”

I tried to twist out of his grip but he held on tightly. In my pain I
didn’t notice his other hand move across the table until he was already
holding my chin and stroking right below my bottom lip. I tried my best
not to breathe through my nose or open my mouth just in case he took it
as an invitation.

“Why turn away from this? I don’t want to have to tell people about you,
Tony. Many, many people would like to know who is Sodom… who makes those
… wretched videos, why don’t I tell them, hmm?” he said with a shit
eating smirk, he was manically bouncing between struggling to control
the situation and what sounded like practiced lines from a script.

When I stopped struggling and took a few breaths his grip on my arm
loosened but his dense digits stayed firm cupping my chin. I try one
last time to reason with him,

“A-Arthur, just tell me. What do you want?”

As soon as the words left my mouth I regretted them as his smirk fell
once again.

“Stop!” he spat at me through gritted teeth. He quickly turns around to
the bar to see if anyone reacted to his outburst, when he realised, like
I did moments ago, that no one in here cares enough to do anything his
smile returns.

“You need to stop asking that question, Mein Kleiner; you know exactly
what I want. Now, finish your drink, we must go.” he said through a fake
confidence in himself.
With my one free hand I slowly raised my glass to my mouth, my hand
shook so badly that the glass rattled against my teeth, the rest of my
beer went down my throat flat, warm and tasting of copper.

We walked out of the bar, very close together, so close that I could
feel the sweat coming from Arthur’s body rubbing against my back. If
this was an action movie a gun would be pointed at the bottom of my
spine but what was there instead felt worse, even more unstable and
unsafe, Arthur’s cold clammy hand pushing me out the door, stopping me
from slipping behind him.

His free hand slips into my jeans pocket, his thick fingers wrapped
around my phone and slipped it out smoothly while pushing me through the
door.

As soon as I felt the cold air outside hit my face I turned on my heels
and tried to run away. I turned left to make a sprint for it but was
grabbed by Arthur effortlessly, his fingers digging into my shoulders as
his right hand stayed still on my lower back.

“Come on now, Tony.” he said in a tired almost disappointed voice as if
I was a child protesting his bedtime

He pushed and guided me down the empty road until I was standing next to
a parked car. I didn’t get a good look at the front of the car but I
could tell it was a high end techy kind of car. Its tinted front window
was covered in muck, dead flies and half wiped filth while the tires and
the lower half of the car were covered in a film of road salt and dried
dirt seemingly sticking onto every surface it could.

Arthur pushed me up against the side of the car and for a second I was
worried he was going to spin me around and try to kiss me again. I was
relieved when he took out his phone. I watched as his stumpy fingers
tapped away at the greasy uncleaned screen. After a few presses followed
by a short beep the handles for the door unlocked and popped out.

My dread quickly returned when Arthur opened the door and I was pushed
into the passenger seat. My feet and ass collided with old takeout bags
of different sizes and brands that covered the floor and seat of the
flashy car. Once I had landed from the push the smell of salt, grease
and feet attacked my senses.

I tried to hold the door open as I could get back out but Arthur blocked
my path. The car was slammed in my face, he pressed his fingers to his
phone screen once again making the door lock behind me with the same
short beep that opened it.

I looked over the console of the car and its many buttons and black
sleek screens.
I tried to hold down on the screen but only managed to leave my own
sweaty fingerprint to the collection on its glass surface. I looked
around until I found an emergency call button normally reserved for
crashes or if your car broke down. I could hear Arthur grunt and puff as
he moved around to the driver seat from the road.

I pressed the call button only for it to come loose and fall to the
ground, my eyes followed it until it rolled and landed under a pile of
burger wrappers. I looked back up to see nothing but black empty space
and cut wires where the button had been.

Another short beep could be heard from the door to my left before Arthur
opened the door and sat down with an exaggerated sigh. His seat was
pushed back far as he settled in and pulled his seatbelt into place.

As soon as the seatbelt clicked into place the car awoke with clinical
white LEDs lighting up all around the front console. Arthur pressed his
pudgy thumb to a screen, after a few seconds we started moving down the
road. Before I even had time to realise what had happened we were
halfway down main street and heading to the road out of town.

–

I’m running out of space to write this but I need to get this out
quickly. I don’t know when he’s going to get back. I’ll try to be
quicker with the Next Part.
