This is a real story that happened to my sister in law when my brother’s
family was living in this big house with low rent.

My brother and sister in law decided to move into this house that has a
very low rent compare to market price, together with my 3yo nephew. The
house looked a bit bizarre with a narrow staircase on the right side of
the front door, leading to the front door which was built above level
ground. Other than this, nothing appeared weird at first, the real
estate did not disclose any unnatural death in the house, so everyone
thought it is probably be ok to live there because it was so cheap and
the economy was not good.

During the day, my brother would go to work, SIL stayed home with their
son. Normally, my nephew would be very excited and explore new houses,
but this time, he did not. He appeared to be in distress and became very
clingy to my SIL, he literally would not even let his mother be out of
his sight for a minute, or else he would start crying.

One day, SIL was walking in the house with her son following her
closely. When she passed a bedroom, her peripheral vision saw a big
chandelier on the ceiling in that room. When she checked, there was no
chandelier at all, it was only a simple light bulb. She did not think
much but things started to feel weirder and weirder after that.

SIL started to constantly feel someone was watching her when she was in
the kitchen, the feeling got very intense that she grabbed her son and
stayed in the car or in the mall sometimes.

One night, my SIL was putting her makeup on in her bedroom before going
out with her friends. The switch of the bedroom light was a very old
fashion knob that you twist it to adjust the brightness, all the way
anticlockwise would turn the light off. SIL felt the light got a bit
dimmer, she thought it was an old house, old lighting, so it could
happen. However, suddenly the light got switched off. She went to check
the switch knob, it was turned all the way down to off. Feeling weird,
she turned it on again, all the away to the brightest setting.

Of course, the light got dimmer and dimmer and turned off again. SIL saw
the knob rotated all the way to ‘off’.

Then in her peripheral vision, she saw a black shadow, man shaped,
sitting on a stool in the bathroom. She quickly got out of the house.

My brother believes in ghosts, but he did not care at all, did not do
anything after SIL told him what happened, bravo.

That was until one night, when my bro finished work late.

SIL was sleeping in her bedroom, the bathroom door in the bedroom was
open. She heard some weird noises like a cane hitting against the floor.
She opened her eyes and she saw the black man shadow slowly walking to
her bed. She was sure that was not a dream. Raised in a Catholic family,
she covered herself with the blanket head to toe and started praying.
When she said “our father”, she heard a man’s deep voice mocking her,
right next to her left ear, teasing her and repeated “our father” after
her. She was terrified, continued praying and praying with a man’s
giggling voice next to her head until the light got turned on by my
brother who just got home.

They moved out.

That house never managed to have a tenant living there for more than 6
months.

My nephew told me he saw 16 faces in that house, upon further
questioning, he just started crying and said he didn’t want to talk
about it. 2 years later, he had no recollection that happened.

A few years later, the house got torn down. I wonder where can that old
man stay with the house gone. Rumour is the previous owner of the house
was an old man living alone, died from natural causes. Also, if the
ghost was not religious, does the bible work? seems no?
