Quick statement before I start; I wouldn’t necessarily say this is “no
sleep” worthy, just though I’d share some things from my own
sorta-creepy experience.

_________

Back when I was around the age of 7, there was a relatively popular
ghost story floating around. If I’m being honest, it was probably the
first introduction I had to horror, and I couldn’t get enough of it.

I always grew up dramatic. Hell, I’d still consider myself dramatic in
some instances. But despite this common nature of mine, I know that what
I experienced was real, and my vulnerability was not going to help me
out in this situation.

As the title makes clear, I heard voices. Well…not exactly. Just a voice
most of the time. I tried to logically assume my ear was ringing after
being told, “There isn’t a ghost.” several times. I didn’t even know
ear-ringing was a thing at this age until I looked up something along
the lines of, “Why am I hearing this weird thing in my ear all the
time?”. I had eventually concluded that my ear wasn’t ringing.

The sound I actually heard is hard to describe, and it was especially
hard to explain to my parents when I was young. The best way I can put
it is that it resembled a generic and melodious “ahhhh” song when an
angel is depicted in media. Like the Gangsta’s Paradise sample. However,
what made this voice different is the fact it sounded like a singular
person instead of a choir, and the sound stuck on simply a B major note
(yes, I’m a musician, and yes, I’m neurodivergent. I remember these
things for some odd reason). The voice also sounded a bit more like a
closed hum instead of a full-on opera belting session.

The noise would frequently fade in and out in volume. There was an
instance in which it was so loud that I sat straight up in my bed and
started to full-on sob. The noise (or voice) was seemingly circling
around my room dozens of times in front of me, and it seemed to be
taunting me almost. I tried to be quiet because my parents dismissed the
noises time and time again, but of course, my dad woke up to check on me
from all the way down the hall. The sound finally faded away once he
came to comfort me. He asked what was happening and I tried my best to
explain. After a bit of comfort, he tucked me in again and I went to
sleep.

The noise only ever presented itself when I was all alone. It continued
to taunt me for a couple more years until I turned around 9 or 10 years
old. the worst part is that I developed what is likely Visual Snow
Syndrome by the looks of it. Due to this, a lot of pareidolia is present
pretty often, so it’ll sometimes create an illusion of some kind of
transparent figure. I genuinely thought everybody had the ability to do
this. 😭

I have an eye appointment on Monday as of posting this so I can get
diagnosed. The most “paranormal” things that have happened lately
involving sound would be random inner dialogue that I never think about.
It just kind of appears, especially when I’m trying to sleep. It stops
once i pay attention to it though. I’m assuming (hoping) this is normal?

I’ll give updates if anything else weird happens (which is unlikely)
