Darkness. The only sight visible as my eyes opened and were met with the
sheer black that now surrounded me. The skin on my forearm burned with a
numbing cold pain and was unnaturally hot and clammy to the touch. I
coughed with an ache in my chest at the harsh breath that filled my
lungs. A grim and painful silence was all I heard.

​

The taste on the tip of my tongue and lips was copper and ash. My
nostrils filled with a burning sensation, followed by a smell of sweet
rot. A pulsating feeling overtook my senses as my ears picked up a
droning sound in the distance.

​

I found myself to be stuck, unable to move forward toward the sound. It
could have only been a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity.
Slowly, I put one foot down, followed by the other, and walked a
distance that I will never be able to comprehend.

​

Sweat fell into my eyes, followed by a burning sting. I tried to blink
away the pain but was rewarded with an equally uncomfortable dryness. I
could feel my pupils dilate as the light overtook me, sending a harsh
pulsing pain to the back of my head. The pain was blinding, yet I still
felt a great relief overtake me as I could see again, even if I was
still in horrible pain with the worst migraine I have ever had.

​

The relief was short-lived as I looked upon my surroundings. I saw
nothing that seemed even a little bit familiar, gray stone walls covered
in moisture that seemed to ooze out of the walls. The floor was covered
in ash that stuck to my feet and stirred up as I walked. Blood-covered
areas of the wall caught my attention, and I focused on them and
recognized hand prints. I shivered in fear as I walked on.

​

I followed the walls, passing pools of blood on the floor. The horrid
smell of copper overwhelmed me as I began to walk at a brisk pace, my
breath quickening. That was until I nearly ran into a great wooden door.
The wood that made up this door was dark and smelled of rotting oak,
bound together with rust-covered iron. A cloud of dust hung in the air
and seemed to surround the door as if it was shrouded in mist.

​

After taking in the sight of this massive door, I took several steps
towards it. A piercing scream caused my ears to ring out, and my whole
body began to shake as I fell to the floor. An immeasurable pain
overtook me as if to torture me with this noise. The sound was that of
several people screaming directly into my ear, and it echoed within my
brain. Building pressure within my skull until my eyes began to water. I
cried out in pain with a scream of my own, to try and release some of
the built-up pressure before my skull cracked.

​

As quickly as it came, the scream dissipated, although the ringing in my
head remained. I wiped tears from my eyes and steadied my breath as I
slowly rose to my feet. After regaining what little composure I could, I
made my way toward the great wooden door yet again. A sound that will
now forever haunt my dreams, an immense and dreadful grinding.

​

I paused with trepidation as I reached for the handle. How did I get
here? What will I find here? Why was I sent here? And most importantly,
where the hell was I? I took a deep breath as I tried to prepare myself
for anything. I was, however, severely unprepared for what I was about
to see as I slowly pulled open the door with an intense creak.

​

I took a step back as my eyes beheld a seemingly infinite chamber
covered in gore, that was dripping down the sides of it. This chamber
seemed to go on up forever, into an untold darkness that seemed to
swallow it whole. For a moment, I found myself to be lost in the
darkness as if it was pulling me towards it. I was able to break my
fixation as I focused my attention back on what was at the center of
this horrid chamber.

​

At the center of this hellish chamber, was an immense machine of agony.
It was made from gears, pulleys, and belts, held together by rusty
blood-stained iron. The machine continuously ground and pulsed. It was
running at a speed that seemed both archaically slow and impossibly
fast. I could feel the rumbling of this horrific machine deep inside my
chest. My eyes watered in fear as I looked the machine up and down,
taking in its crude build. I could smell a putrid stench I was unable to
identify.

​

As my eyes focused back on the area in front of me, I was met with the
crippling gaze of a horrible creature. This beast in front of me was
gaunt, and its skin was a shade of lifeless gray. It turned its head
towards me, and its mouth formed into a smile. The smile, however, was
not warm or inviting. It held a horror behind it, unlike anything I had
ever experienced and it held a deep lust in its eyes.

​

Sounds of screaming broke me free from its gaze, and I looked to see
several similar creatures who were dragging a man behind them. This man
screamed, and he begged as the ones carrying him turned to me. Stretched
across their faces were smiles that held untold horrors behind them, and
in their eyes, I saw all-consuming greed.

​

I looked at the man they dragged behind them, his voice was hoarse and
his skin was bloodied. He shouted to the creatures that held him with
confusion in his voice,

​

“I followed the word, and all that was taught to me!”

​

This was when I noticed he had a blood-soaked cross hanging from his
neck. His despair turned into hateful anger, as he spewed wishes of
death towards the ones he had followed. He spoke of his parents, how
they raised him with discipline and stole away his zest for life. He
spat as he spoke of the priests who told him how to live his life, how
to judge others, and how to hate his fellow man for following their
hearts. After being surrounded by such hate his whole life, it now fully
engulfed him.

​

I was shocked to witness a man of faith be so filled with hate. I was
unsure what fate awaited him. The creatures dragged the man up the lower
part of the machine. Smoke spewed from the insides as the gears turned
faster.

​

The creatures all turned and looked back at me as they began to feed the
once-screaming man into the gears.

​

The man did not beg, and he no longer pleaded; he only began to
maniacally laugh as his whole body slowly was pulled into the shredding
gears. His insides spilled out and his blood sprayed my face as the
gears went to work, crushing his body. Skin, bone, and muscle all tore
and ground as if being devoured by a starving animal. Until only a part
of his face and a single eye remained trapped within the gears of the
machine.

​

My friend, what took place next, is why I have written this account. For
it’s a horrible memory I cannot bear to keep within anymore.

​

The man, who was now minced by the gears of this great machine turned
his eye and looked at me. He blinked, only once then narrowed his eye.
What remained of his mouth, formed into a wicked smile that burned
itself into my very soul.

​

…

​

I jarred myself awake and quickly grabbed the trash can just beside my
bed. I was sick for a few minutes, as what I had seen would cause me to
be ill for days. I sprung out of bed, ran to my washroom, and threw cold
water on my face. In an attempt to calm myself, and rinse away the bile
on my lips and sweat from my face.

​

The nightmare, or what I was sure must have been one, was over. I took
several deep breaths and found my lungs were not painful or heavy. My
skin was not hot, and I no longer smelled sweet rot. However, I could
still hear the droning and the grinding of that horrible and immense
machine.

​

When I opened my eyes, I began to whimper as I felt a tear roll down my
cheek. For the reflection of that ungodly smile looked back at me.

​

….

​

Hell is but a great machine, believe me, I’ve seen it. Ever turning,
forever tormenting the souls of those whose life actions cursed them
with an eternity in this place. A machine manned by the most horrific
creatures, whose only lust in life is to cause untold suffering to the
ones enslaved by the faceless monstrosity of this ghastly machine.
