This is a strange place to ask for help, but to be honest I don’t know
who else would believe it. I mean even if I was to get officials
involved who can take on a company the likes of The Walt Disney
Corporation. Trust me I know. Even being the Editor in Chief of this
central Florida theme parks and attractions blog has had me brush
shoulders with the Mouse’s legal team many times.

So much as a suggestion of something tragic happening inside the
‘happiest place on earth’ might as well be taking god’s name in vain.
Except you will actually feel the repercussions in this life and not the
next.

Like I said, I run a theme parks and attractions blog. A modest one.
Nothing that gets as many views as a Tik Tok featuring a 30 year old in
overpriced Mickey Ears reviewing a mouse shaped pretzel with a new
dipping sauce, but our audience is different than that. We cater to the
ride enthusiasts. The ones that really want to know the ins and outs
behind the so called ‘magic’ in the dark ride community.

Animatronics, ride systems, projection mapping, imagine an unofficial
popular mechanics for the theme park junkie. We do well for ourselves,
and have a pretty credible reputation in the community. Which is exactly
why I am not asking them for help. If they heard this we would lose all
credibility. How could anyone that knows that the ‘magic’ is really
gears and mechanics go around believing that there is something more
sinister at play. Something that breaks the logic of scientific fact,
something that breaks the mind completely.

It all started when our best freelancer (who I will not name for obvious
legal reasons) promised me a story I couldn’t believe. He said he knew a
cast member that was going to get him into the Frozen Ever After Ride
after park close. He was going to give him a full lights on tour. I
called bullshit right away. No cast member that loves their job would
dare risk the trouble they would get in for this. Hell, even a cast
member that didn’t like their job would know that the consequences were
probably worse than prison. Lawsuits that would ruin your entire life.

He swore it was legit though. I mean this kid never failed to deliver
before. Some of the best videos, photos, and articles on our site were
all from him. He has pulled off crazy stuff before too. Mostly at Sea
World, sometimes at Universal, but never and I mean never at a Disney
park.

It didn’t matter to me if it was real or not anyway. There was nothing
to lose for me. He was a freelancer so if he got caught he wasn’t
associated with me. No risk and all the reward seems like a deal you
can’t pass up. So I told him to keep me posted. If he came up with the
content then it would always have a home here.

But that was the weird part. He never did keep me posted. Or maybe
that’s the wrong way to put it. More like I just never heard from him
again. I mean it’s not an unheard of thing in this business for
freelancers to come and go, but id be lying if I didn’t say I missed the
kid. Hell I was even worried. If something happened like he got caught,
no one would know. When something at Disney happens that isn’t supposed
to it doesn’t go on the news. They shut all publicity about it down. We
are talking deaths, robberies, pranks, anything that could possibly harm
the brand out the window. I mean sure they can’t stop guest posting
videos to their social media when they witness things during the day and
take video. But this would have been during a time that know one would
know except for those on the inside.

So if this kid got in trouble and I mean real trouble, there was a
chance I may never hear about it.

Weeks went by and then months went by and by this point I hadn’t really
even thought about it. All until just yesterday when my inbox received a
notification. An email from no sender titled ‘Eibon Presented Corpses
Over Tsathoggua’. Excuse me what? I am immediately about to send this
obvious spam to the trash when something says that I have to open it. I
don’t know why. I have had my accounts hacked before. I knew better, but
damnit if this hacker wasn’t good at grabbing someone’s attention.

I opened it and half expected my computer to reboot with a blue screen.
Instead it was rather unceremonious. I scrolled down to reveal an
embedded video and the thumbnail image was what appeared to be the
lights on inside the Frozen Ever After attraction. I couldn’t believe it
the little shit actually did it. And that in itself would explain the
cryptic title and no address, he was trying to keep all traces from
coming back to him.

I began the video and watched it all unfold before my eyes. It was dark
and all you could hear was what sounded like the shuffling of feet and
someone fumbling in the dark. Suddenly a loud “Ive got it!” rung out as
a click followed by an electric hum buzzed through the room. Only a
second later and the entire room was illuminated. I had seen this room a
million times. Grey brick with banners and posters of makeshift messages
set in the world Arendell. However, it felt so different under the
bright florescent lighting. Without the stage lighting and pumped in
atmospheric sounds and music that persist through the queue for the day
guests, the whole thing had a lifeless yet uncanny eeriness to it.

“Wow. We are actually here. You are positive they didn’t see us?” I
recognized this voice immediately as my beloved freelancer. Of course,
not viewable on screen as he appeared to be the one operating the
handheld camera from which the footage was captured.

“I promise no one saw us. And no one will trace it back to us either as
long you do your part in keeping this as anonymous as possible.” This of
course was the voice of my freelancers supposed source. I couldn’t
really make out any features of the individual though. They were wearing
all black pants and a hoodie with the hood pulled up over a ski mask and
even a black face mask layered over their mouth so that you could not
even see their lips. This person was for sure taking every precaution to
not be identified what so ever.

The two continued through the queue which almost looked a different
color given the unnatural bright fluorescent lights overhead. What
usually felt so warm and comforting felt so artificial and bizarre.
Things that in the right lighting played tricks on your mind like the
painted backdrops of far off buildings looked so flat and out of place
next to what was clearly a log cabin in the middle of an indoor room.

The windows of the cabin which were normally displaying video of
characters walking by were obvious black screens with reflections of the
lighting. A line of boats were backed up from the attractions loading
station all the way into the corridor from which they came. The water
they floated on was still. So still that it almost looked solid enough
to walk across. Underneath you could see the guiding rails to lead the
boats along their path and the vents that would control the jets
propelling the boats forward. The camera zoomed in on the mechanics of
the vents under the water.

A loud squeak of what could have only been a metal gate opening broke
the hypnotizing sound of the humming light bulbs.

“You coming or are you wanting a water sample?”

The voice behind the camera chuckled, “I’m sure I could find a new
species of bacteria in there.”

“You aint kidding.” The masked man responded matter of factly as he held
the gate open.

The two walked alongside the rides water path on what was clearly a ride
evacuation walkway. Usually in the darkness the path is hardly visible,
but here in the light you could see it outline the water and the show
environment. As they rounded the corner the camera panned up to the
first show scene a high hill top where guests are greeted by the first
animatronics, Olaf and Sven. As the bottom of Olaf started to come into
view the camera immediately fumbled towards the ground as a loud “SHIT!”
echoed from the operator.

“You okay?” said the hooded guide now muffled as the camera was now
laying on the ground pointing towards a wall.

The camera operators voice started faint and came in more clear as you
could see his knees bend into the frame and hear his hand lift the
camera off the ground. “Yeah, I just didn’t expect them to be moving.”

“They are always moving. This is there idle animations.”

“Wait what?”

“Yeah, the operating system they run on is extremely complicated and can
be a nightmare to boot up and get everything in sync. That’s why they
remain constantly on even when the parks closed. Think of it like music.
The idle animations help each animatronic keep tempo with the overall
song or in this case show scene. That way when the next boat comes in
and triggers the show to start they are immediately ready to perform
with exact precision never missing a beat.”

“Holy shit that’s incredible. So wait, how come we haven’t triggered
them now?”

“Only the ride vehicle tripping the sensor could trigger the show
sequence to start.”

“Ohh so there’s nothing in the animatronics themselves that can sensor
where a guest is or follow them.”

“Nope. Which is why it is such a pain in the ass to keep these things
synced. Each boat has to be at an exact speed once triggering the show
to start or else the animatronics will look slightly off looking either
a little ahead or behind where the boat should be.”

While this conversation was taking place you could see the Olaf waddling
back and forth across the snow. Even in the complete illumination of the
light the movement looked so realistic that it came across as a living
breathing cartoon character. Not in the cute way like a Roger Rabbit,
but in the uncanny way of something that is trying to convince me that
it is occupying the same world as me. That it breathes the same air I do
even though it cannot breathe at all. Still its body moves with the
slightest rises and falls even in its snowball stomach that grows
slightly when the machine appears to inhale and exhale.

That’s what the ‘Disney magic’ is. It’s an illusion designed to make
your brain think that the worlds and characters you have seen on screen
could reach out and touch you. They say seeing is believing, but that
doesn’t mean that believing is fact. Your brain can be manipulated to
believe some crazy shit with the right mechanics and lighting. And its
possible that’s what my brain was doing at this very moment because even
though the guide had just confirmed there were no sensors in the
animatronic it felt that wherever the camera operator moved the
animatronic’s eyes followed. Yet it continued to move at a slightly
slower than natural speed that made the whole thing so unsettling.

As I began to hear the footsteps of the two stars of this behind the
scenes journey it occurred to me how quiet it was in this room. You’d
assume these heavy machines would make loud noises while moving, but
they were dead silent. Even as Sven moved its head around to look with
its goofy smile it rocked back and forth with the silence of an insect
from across the room. Making something so innocent feel just a bit
sinister even if I couldn’t really explain why.

As the two journeyed around the next bend you could see the trolls
gathered in a circle. Again idly animating. Though this time stationary
and ultimately a little less creepy as they were small and didn’t appear
to be imitating something you are used to seeing somewhat regularly in
your life outside these walls. Still the silence had me on edge. Like
that moment in a horror movie where you expect a loud bang to come
through the speakers at any moment. Only you realize when it never comes
you are left with the unsettling feeling of anticipation. A ticklish
goosebump inducing uneasiness that can’t be satisfied by the expected
result just happening. Like the anticipation of a sneeze that never
fires.

“Watch your step.” Said the mysterious guide who was covered from head
to toe in black. “Its a pretty steep hill.”

The camera panned up a black hallway. Not at all dark, it was lit. Just
quite literally painted black from floor to ceiling besides the very top
above a doorway where a miniature of Elsa’s ice castle was displayed. It
was placed in such a way that as the two climbed the hill it somehow
looked to scale with wherever they were standing on the incline. Growing
bigger in the frame though it remained the same size that it was the
entire time.

“Cool huh? The angle of the walls combined with the black paint plays
with your depth perception.”

“Yeah this place is like a living breathing lie. It’s almost putting my
mind on edge. On one hand I can see the ride track and the ceiling
illuminated by the overhead factory style lighting, but yet still there
are tricks designed to pull me into this manufactured fantasy.”

“‘Disney magic’ is what we call that. Some people get so attached to
that feeling they work jobs they hate year after year just so they can
take their one week vacation and all the money they saved to experience
it again. It’s no different than drugs really. The only difference is
you won’t see a bumper sticker on a car full of kid’s that says ‘I’m a
heroine adult’.”

The smugness with which that was said sat strangely with me. It was
honest. I think that most theme park enthusiasts know that deep down
there is cynicism in the capitalist nature behind the fun. Having it
thrown in your face that the intent is designed to keep you spending
money is just something that no matter how true it is always feels
dirty. It’s why in interviews they replace those words with something
like ‘We do it for the fans’ or ‘Without you guys none of this is
possible’. Still they are right though they could smack me in the face
and call me stupid and I would still try to get to the parks at rope
drop the next day.

When the two reached the top of the hill I noticed that the Olaf
animatronic that was usually ice skating in the first room after the
lift was not there. Of course, Im not the only dark ride enthusiast that
would notice this.

“Wait, where’s the Olaf?” said my freelancer. He knew these rides like
me. Which is what made him so great at his job. He began to walk towards
the spot where the animatronic would go back and forth on its track.
Only strangely there was no track. You could tell the site of this also
confused him as he bent down to look around the floor obviously looking
for the mechanics that would help the animatronic move.

“I don’t know. Maybe it had to be taken in for repairs.” You could tell
the way the masked person delivered that statement they weren’t so sure
themselves. Probably because it didn’t make any sense if there were
repairs to be done they would are then likely be done right here in this
room rather than transporting a robotic figure weighing more than likely
hundreds of pounds to somewhere else in the park.

Even with lingering questions there wasn’t any more discussion as you
could tell there was an eagerness to reach the next scene. The first of
the two human character animatronics. Ana and Kristoph. There they were
in the full work lighting. The two were waving at a the track to a boat
that was not there. Even more hauntingly their eyes followed down the
path as if they were following where the boat would be traveling had it
been there.

I have seen dark rides and animatronics in full work lighting before. I
mean of course I have this is my livelihood. It’s as common as an urgent
care doctor sees someone with the common cold or a mechanic sees the
check engine light on a car needing an oil change. Nothing about this
should fascinate or excite anything within me as much as it did.
Uncharacteristically for me it gave me the absolute creeps. Ive never
been one to have a fear of the uncanny valley, but my god there was a
chill that ran from my back through my arms and down my legs. Goosebumps
covered my skin and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up to the
point where it felt like they were pulling on the muscles in my neck
causing them to twitch a little.

When the camera got up close enough to lock eyes with these machines it
felt like I could see something in their eyes. What could I see? A
synthetic eye that was crafted by an artist and placed into a machine.
It should be lifeless. Why did I see a hint of life. An illusion, Disney
Magic, the voice in my head told me, but my body was already signaling a
threat. Hence why my body was sending these signals through my nervous
system tightening every muscle I have.

“This is insane. I mean seeing them in the dark on the ride is one
thing, but up close in the light like this is…” Immediately the Ana
animatronic opened up its mouth a little wider than natural and emitted
what can only be described as an animal noise like a fox, but distorted
through a synthesized electronic machine. It was so high pitched that
the camera operator lifted the recording device up and pointed it to the
ceiling. I assume, as a result of covering his ears. I could only see
the ceiling the camera was pointing at. Now traveling backwards and
suddenly turning back to face the wall and falling rapidly as it hit the
water.

The camera flailed violently under the water still being held tightly.
Everything became dark. You could hear the water as the panicked
flailing continued and then you could hear the camera break the surface.

“Fuck, fuck fuck… Hey are you there? I can’t see shit. What happened?”
No one responded. It was silent besides the water dripping from the
camera. Still you could not see anything.

The camera jerked or at least I think it did based off the fumbling
sound that was likely the hand that had a grip on it. You could hear
what sounded like running footsteps coming from multiple directions.
Strangely they were in quick bursts. Like a sprint and a squeak of a
sneaker stopping on a wet floor followed by another sprint but fading in
the opposite direction.

“Okay this shit isn’t funny!” Suddenly the show lighting came on. Dim
but it illuminated the show scenes with the graphics of a snowy backdrop
and a magical frost that quickly shot down the darkened corridor on both
sides.

As the camera panned quickly and frantically around the room you
couldn’t make out much, but I immediately noticed there were no
animatronics in the show scenes. A whirring hum began to become louder
as what sounded like a dam being opened rushed through the speakers. The
jets of the ride must have been turned on because again the camera was
under water and this time for brief glances you could see the body of
the operator being tossed around like a rag doll.

I immediately stopped the video and picked up my phone. I dialed 9 and 1
and then stopped and stared at it. What was I going to say. Someone I
know is dead in the Frozen ride at EPCOT. Fuck I don’t even know if they
are dead yet. I hadn’t seen the whole video. I just got the uneasy
feeling of seeing a crime. Something I shouldn’t be seeing. It made me
feel complicit in a way. But still I had not seen the whole event unfold
yet. I can’t tell the police anything without sounding even more like a
maniac than I was already going to sound if I didn’t at least have more
details.

I despised my freelancer. Yes the one that I am currently concerned
beyond belief for. A resentment that I cared enough about him to have to
watch the rest of this so that I could somehow help them.

I scrolled over the video and reluctantly and pressed play. Again the
body flailed out of frame as bubbles rushed by the camera and it peaked
its lens out of the water long enough to see the show continuing on the
wall and hear the music playing.

As the camera dipped back under water I could see an arm grab onto the
side wall of the ride path. The camera came back over the wall and
rested on the ground. You could hear the grunt of the freelancer
struggling to pull themselves out of the water. Even over the blaring
sounds of the ‘Let It Go’ song swallowing the room. All of a sudden a
leg covered in black stepped into the frame and lifted itself up out of
the frame.

A loud snap and stomp could be heard as well as horrible scream that
grew faint as you could see my freelancer being carried out of frame by
the rushing water. The camera came off the ground as the focus began to
come in and out. I can only assume it was now being operated by the one
who guided us into this nightmare. As the camera came up it focused down
the corridor on the Elsa animatronic that was in full show mode
performing like it was normal operating hours.

“It’s time!”, shouted the voice from behind the camera. The music
continued but the Animatronic stopped and turned toward the camera dead
panned. It turned backwards and walked out of the scene. What in the
actual fuck. This is not something that happens on this ride. That
animatronic by all logic should be locked into that platform. But as
clear as day I just saw it acknowledge the camera operator and walk out
of the scene.

The camera turned off.

I hovered over the dark screen to check the videos run time and it was
not over. I was immediately jump scared by the loud return of the camera
cutting back on with the ride music at full blast and the water rushing
louder than it should have been for this ride operating at normal speed.

I recognized this room as the final scene in the ride only there was my
fucking freelancer tied by hands and legs suspended from ropes pulled
out like the letter X. He was frantically looking around while
attempting to yell, but was muffled by the gag placed in his mouth. A
chanting was faintly beginning to drown out the atmospheric ride music
as cloaked figures entered into frame forming a semi circle around the
victim.

“EPCOT EPCOT EPCOT EPCOT EPCOT” they chanted in unison. The Elsa
animatronic came in from the side fully walking. I couldn’t believe my
eyes. I thought maybe I had been deceived by someone dressed in latex
masks imitating the animatronics. No that’s not what this was. It was
the actual fucking machine walking around with its own autonomy. As it
walked over to my freelancer it brandished a knife and quickly slashed
at his leg. A muffled scream could be heard over the still droning
chants. Elsa collected some of his blood in a vial. She then set the
vial on the floor in the center of the circle.

A cloaked figure brought forth a bottle labeled hydraulic fluid and set
a funnel into the vial. They began pouring the fluid in mixing it with
the blood. Then they stepped out of frame.

“SILENCE!”, screamed the voice that was clearly the guide. As they
stepped into the center they began removing their face mask followed by
their ski mask. What I saw is so ridiculously unbelievable that I half
expect everyone reading this to report this story just due to its sheer
ridiculousness, but I swear I am not making this up. I have analyzed
this front in back to convince myself it is a prank. A sick joke that
someone in the community is playing on me. But all I can do is describe
what I saw.

With the mask off it revealed a half exposed animatronic head with the
other half brandishing a deteriorating latex mask of the one and only
Walt Disney.

“I began this place as a dream. A dream that I knew was ahead of my
timeline. I saw the original Disneyland grow from the rubble it was
built upon to what could become a utopia of the world.” He turned around
to face the victim.

“But that was the problem with being born when I was. I wouldn’t live
long enough to see my vision fully see its end. So I put in place that
when I died they cryogenically freeze my head until one of my brilliant
imagineers could come up with a way to bring me back. They did. They
were able to upload my conscience, brain, and soul into this monstrosity
of a body. A true work of ‘Disney Magic’.

But bringing me back was both a blessing and a curse. Sure my legacy
carried on, but my vision had slowed into a mere carnival of merriment
meant for wealthy families to buy cheap overpriced souvenirs. Where was
the vision. It must have been buried on the day I died. I had invested
so much into occult research to bring my visions to life and I come back
to find many of these so called imagineers building amusements for
children with no vision.

EPCOT was never meant to be a theme park it was meant to be the best
parts of the entire world where the most important minds could live
together. Creating solutions to all the questions of life and eventually
defeating death itself. Living forever in the utopia of the world.

Well today we will take back the vision from the greedy rats that now
run this company. I will show them that the vision is still alive and
well. After all we have already had several volunteers to be apart of
the greatest magic of all time. Eternal life.”

As he said this all of the animatronics walked into frame.

“I have already preserved my wife and children into these three living
animatronics and now I will show you how.”

He took the vial of blood and hydraulic fluid in one hand and removed
the gag from my freelancer with the other. Before he could even make a
sound Walt grabbed his neck and forced the vial down his mouth. He
replaced the gag and tied it tighter at least that’s what it appeared as
you could see his eyes open wide in a look of discomfort and pain as he
squirmed helplessly in his bondage.

The cloaked figures moved into the circle holding the Olaf animatronic
on its side and laying it on the ground in front of Walt. Once it was in
place Walt lifted the freelancers shirt and used a dagger to slit
upwards across his stomach. The screaming was over powered by the chants
once again.

“EPCOT EPCOT EPCOT EPCOT”

Walt raised the dagger to the sky.

“Eibon presents this corpse over Tsathoggua! Tsathoggua bring forth your
magic and make it mine so that the world shall see what power is capable
of. Only a fraction for its full might would bring one who has not yet
tasted it to madness.”

During this speech you could begin to see the flesh peel forward on the
stomach of the helpless sacrifice as his innards slowly slid out of his
open stomach cavity pulled by gravity, still hanging by the thread that
binds them to the exposed anatomy.

Then what appeared to be a creature or at least I assume it was living
as it moved like syrup pouring from a bottle. Slowly stretching its mass
from inside the stomach from which it was now being birthed. It had
mouths or multiple orifices scattered across its being. Some with teeth
some with plaque like build up that resembled the stalagmites in the top
side of caves. There were no eyes yet it could see everything. I knew
this because it could see me through the video. I don’t know how, but it
did. There were feathers on it that spread out like wings but they were
bound together by flesh that was dripping from one of its heads. I know
this doesn’t make sense, but if you could see it, it, it was miraculous
like maybe it was an angel. Its funny I have never described it before,
but it’s bringing me comfort now.

Thinking about its beauty as it slid down to the ground and over the
husk of the Olaf figure it stood and stretched out its scales to its
multiple tongues. The heads licked its wings with its mouths opened wide
looking again at me through the screen. Its beautiful. While it burned
my eyes to even think about looking at it because its beautiful. My
heart races now as I type and I feel a feeling I can’t describe as the
lion on its back opens the door on its chest to expose its flesh. It’s
beautiful……it’s beautiful……..it’s beautiful………it’s beautiful……..it’s
beautiful
