I was in love. Desperately. Her name was Daisy. Her hair fell onto her
shoulders in springy golden red curls, her eyes were the gentlest
greenish blue, and her smile was so bright and caring. The most amazing
thing about her was her voice. Her voice was gentle and bouncy,
everything she said sounded like a melody, and she could calm the whole
world in just a single word. I loved her voice more than anything. It
didn’t matter what we talked about as long as I could hear her speaking.
She was a singer, not professionally, but she would book little shows at
local bars and blow away the audience. And that’s what I held onto most
after she died. At night as I fell asleep, I would listen to old
recordings of her, letting the gentle breeze of my open window carry her
perfect laugh across the night. 

Everything changed one night though. My friends Matt and Greg had taken
me out for a couple beers after work. I stumbled home the smell of
cigarettes and beer clinging to me from the bar. They’d had a live
singer at the bar that night, her voice was grating and shrill, nothing
like my Daisy’s voice. I went into the yard and slumped into my hammock.
A little blue hammock hung between two large pine trees. I lay face down
on the hammock smelling in what little scent of Daisy was left that
wasn’t overwhelmed by my own musk. I closed my eyes remembering the day
she and I put up the hammock, the way she giggled and laughed as we
spent days curled up in the yard of our home. 

I drunkenly dug into my pocket and pulled out my phone. I scrolled
through countless photos to find my favorite video of her. I turned up
the volume and let her voice echo in the darkness. I fell asleep, When I
woke up her voice was still filling the yard as beautiful as ever. For a
moment, sleep still clouding my eyes, I thought I could see a figure in
the distance and for a moment I thought it was her. 

“Daisy?” I mumbled, sitting up. But when I looked there was no one
there, and Daisy was no longer singing. I grabbed my phone to play the
video again, but it was dead. I shrugged it off and got out of the
hammock and went inside to get ready for work. As I got ready, I plugged
my phone in. I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth, my head feeling
heavy from the night before. As the water rushed into the sink I could
hear a familiar tune from the other room, when I went to grab my phone,
nothing was playing but Daisy’s song still filled the house. After a
moment of sitting with the sound, I realized it was coming from outside.
I quickly opened the door, but as I did the music stopped. She wasn’t
there. No one was there. 

The rest of the day went by uneventfully. But that night when I went to
bed, I could hear her singing from the other side of my window. I stayed
still not daring to breathe, not moving. I didn’t want her to stop
singing. This continued every night. Every night for months I fell
asleep to the sound of her singing from outside, until one night when I
couldn’t stand it anymore. I had to see her. To smell her again and see
her curls bounce as she laughed. It was her voice; it had to be her. I
slowly got out of bed and crept to the window, pulling back the curtain
further so I could see. There was a dark figure outside the window, it’s
features almost completely hidden by the darkness. But it was
unmistakably singing from something like a mouth. 

“Daisy?” I asked in a whisper. It stopped singing and nodded. My heart
lodged in my throat. 

“Let me inside,” it said, “I’ll sing you to sleep.” My fingers curled
around the bottom of the window, pulling it further open. As a I opened
it the figure came closer reaching its hand out. I recoiled when I saw
it. Dark loose grey skin hung over its small frame, like it had too much
skin for its skeleton. Its eyes were nothing but sockets, and its mouth
was cracked and dry. Its lips curled into a smile as it reached out to
me. I slammed the window shut. 

“What’s wrong baby?” it asked, in a gleeful tone I knew well. 

“Nothing,” I choked back a sob, “You just… I can’t let you in tonight.
I’ve got work in the morning.” It was quiet for a moment. I held my
breath looking at this thing using my Daisy’s voice. After a few
moments, it stopped smiling and turned away. I closed the curtains and
threw myself back onto my bed. It didn’t come back for a few nights. And
I couldn’t bring myself to listen to her videos again. Something about
her sounded wrong now, like compared to that thing the recordings didn’t
sound like her. The next few weeks were a silent hell. Her recordings
became shrill and impossible to listen to. 

I needed to hear her again, but not like this. So late tonight I went
out onto the hammock. Silently I waited. It didn’t take long before I
heard it singing. It sounded just like she had, maybe even better. The
sound bounded through me and settled perfectly in my ears. I laid back
in the hammock listening. Soon a weight settled on top of me, it was
warm. Too warm. I was covered in a blanket of flesh. The singing right
next to my face, warm breath teasing my cheek. I kept my eyes closed. It
continued to sing as it dug its sharp boney fingers across my chest,
tearing the shirt and skin off my body all at once. I didn’t dare wince
or cry out; I didn’t want to interrupt the song. 

So now here I am with this thing. Laying curled on our hammock. I keep
my eyes shut tight and think of her. My Daisy. I just hope it still
sings in her voice as it tears me apart. 
