Do you guys ever have that dream where you find hidden rooms in your
house?

My cousin, who identifies as a witch and owns a disturbing number of
crystals, tried to tell me the rooms represented my hidden shadow selves
or something. I quickly tuned her out, like always. I mean, can’t the
dream just symbolize my hidden shadow desire not to share a
900-square-foot apartment with 3 roommates, and instead have someplace
where I can get away from everyone and their bullshit?

The first couple times I had this dream, I liked it. I was bummed when I
woke up, of course, but kinda still felt the buzz. It started with
finding a hidden door inside my closet. I dreamed I opened it to a
curved staircase that led to a basement the size of our apartment. It
was musty, but it had potential. We could throw a party down here
without the neighbors calling in a noise complaint. I could go down here
and just blast some Drake and smoke a real bowl instead of that nasty
vape shit and no one would bother me. I could bring home that
scraggly-looking cat that always comes up to me on the street and makes
me wish we were allowed pets, and no one would know because I’d keep him
down here.

It was so real I legit checked my closet for that hidden door when I
woke up. Of course it wasn’t there.

But it was there in my dream the next night. And so was another door at
the far end of the basement room. This one led to a long corridor, which
opened onto what looked like someone’s home gym. It must have still been
below ground, because I didn’t see any windows. But it was fire. I’m not
talking about a yoga mat and two dumbbells; this place had a treadmill,
lat pulldown, leg press, and rowing machine, and a bench with a whole
rack of free weights. I should really get back into this stuff. I used
to be fit; I played basketball in high school and lifted weights in the
off-season. IDK why I stopped. Maybe that’s why–don’t judge–I haven’t
gotten laid since HS graduation.

I should bring Chris down here, I thought, forgetting or maybe still not
realizing it was a dream. He could spot me while I do bench presses.
Chris was boring af but he was always down to do whatever even if it
wasn’t his thing. He’d probably get into working out if it meant he
could hang out with me more. I’m not trying to use the guy; I just can’t
think of anyone else who’d be interested.

I got into a plank position and hated myself for how instantly hard it
was. As I stared straight ahead with a grimace, I realized there was
another door in the opposite wall.

I woke up before I could open it, but now I was excited, thinking I
might have the same dream again. The next day was the family barbecue
where I told my witch cousin–actually, I told my other cousin, her
brother, but she butted in–about the recurring dream. He just laughed
and said I’m the only loser he knows who would dream about working out.

My witch cousin interrupted again. “Did you hear about Kylie?”

Kylie was my high school girlfriend. Yah, the last–OK the only–girl I’d
slept with. I hadn’t seen or talked to her in years. I don’t even
remember why we broke up, stupid high school bullshit probably, but
hearing her name annoyed me. “Why would I have heard anything?”

“She ODed,” my cousin replied.

I hadn’t even known she was on something. I felt weirdly guilty, but
then again annoyed that she was making me feel guilty, reaching across
the years and even from beyond the grave to ruin my day. “Sucks,” I
said, kicking a clump of dirt. Then, feeling utterly fucking done with
the subject, “I’m getting a hot dog; you guys want one?”

It took a couple more nights before I had the dream again. And I think
this time I knew I was dreaming, while I was in the dream. This time I
went straight through the basement and the gym to the door on the far
side. I opened it and found myself in another closet. Not mine. There
were women’s shoes on the floor. I slid open the closet door and saw a
vaguely familiar bedroom I couldn’t quite place. Double bed, frilly
lampshades. The blanket on the bed–I felt itchy just looking at it.
Wool, maybe. The bed was neatly made with too many pillows. I couldn’t
stop staring at the blanket. There was nothing weird about it. Just…

Kylie’s voice interrupted my thoughts. She called my name from another
room. She sounded like she was crying. I realized I was holding my phone
and had it open on our text thread. But it was an old phone, and she was
in there as Bae, not Kylie. In her texts she was screaming in all caps
that I needed to come over now; I had asked what was wrong and gotten no
response, then said I was coming. I had come. I had come, but I was
suddenly desperate to leave.

Still, my legs carried me toward the sound of her voice. She was in the
bathroom, on the floor, scratching frantically at the wall. There was a
door in the wall. Not quite a door. A panel, maybe two feet tall,
probably leading to the crawlspace. She was trying to grab the edge of
it and lift it out, but her hands were shaking so hard she couldn’t get
a grip.

I put a hand on her shoulder. “Don’t,” I whispered.

She let out a sob. “I have to! It was a mistake, I…” But I was
remembering now. I didn’t have this phone until college. It was way too
late now. I was trying to tell her. She didn’t need to see what she’d
done.

“Don’t,” I said again, louder this time. “It won’t help.”

Kylie let out a trembling sigh, and I thought she was calming down. Then
she said, “I need to see her.” And she dug her fingers into the gap and
lifted out the panel.

The smell was beyond musty. I coughed and gagged. Kylie slid through the
opening and dropped to the ground. I couldn’t let her go alone. I poked
my head in. The smell–oh, God. She was crawling into the darkness, and I
turned on my phone flashlight to help. Then I followed her, pushing
through cobwebs and trying to breathe through my mouth.

She stopped next to what looked like a concrete wall, I guess part of
the foundation. She picked up a gray bundle. She wasn’t crying anymore;
her face was absolutely still. I knew what was under those rags. I had
seen it before, when she had this breakdown in real life years ago. What
I hadn’t remembered until now was the first time I saw what was inside
the bundle, a year before that. When it was pink, not gray. And now I
remembered it wasn’t Kylie who wrapped our daughter in my T-shirt from
the Drake concert and carried her in here. It was me.

We didn’t smother her. We didn’t do anything to her, I swear. We
honestly had no idea she was coming, until all of a sudden she was here,
and Kylie was freaking out telling me to come over, and this tiny bloody
creature in her arms wasn’t breathing. We panicked. Maybe she could have
been saved. Maybe we would’ve gone to jail. I wasn’t thinking clearly.
And now, it was too late.

I could see the screen print on my old shirt in the light of my old
phone as Kylie unwrapped the mummified corpse. I had to get out of here.
I turned and scrambled back through the narrow opening into the
bathroom, tore through the bedroom into the closet, back to the gym.
Chris stood behind the bench, the barbell set up with what looked like
too much weight.

“You ready, bro?”

I raced past him. Down the hall to the musty basement. The stray cat was
there, but for some reason he hissed at me. I dodged him and ran up the
curving staircase toward my closet.

But the door was gone. At the top of the stairs was just a blank wall. I
shined my flashlight and felt around looking for a crack, but there was
nothing. I slammed my shoulder into the wall, but it didn’t give. And
it…hurt like hell. Does slamming your shoulder into the wall hurt in a
dream? Don’t you pinch yourself to see if you’re awake?

I think I went a little crazy. I clawed at the wall until my fingers
bled, and kept slamming into it until I nearly blacked out from the
pain. Then I slid to the floor, my back against the wall, holding still
and hoping to somehow bore myself awake. It didn’t work. I’m still here.

I still have my phone, and it seems to have a weak signal and about 50%
battery. But my contacts are gone, and I don’t know who to call anyway.
I don’t know where, or maybe when, this place is. Maybe if I go back to
Kylie’s parents’ house, I can go out the front door and find my way
home. But I don’t know if my apartment will be “home.” And also, I’m
terrified to go back to Kylie’s.

But I have to find a way out of here, because that smell…it’s followed
me.
