This story is most traumatic thing that has happened to me, not by that
guy, a “hitman”, but because of i know who payed for him, and what can
happen, when wrong human gets angry.

I was 15 years old, this happened half year ago, and now i think im
ready to share this story.

Half year ago winter, favorite time of year and yeah i know its
unpopular opinion :D

I was living normally, normal teenaged boy with friends and hobbies,
everything was better than it supposed to be for me, because i was kinda
dick head..

I was on some small phase, where i had multiple crushes and because of
confidence, i always tried to get them, and usually leaved poor girls
after like week or two, i was that kinda guy.

Then one time, there was a one girl, i dont say her name, of course i
dont, lets call her sofia this time.

Sofia was pretty, and i wanted her to become my girlfriend, sofia was
earlier many of peoples girlfriend, for example, my friend, who i call
this time “James”, who got small depression even from dating sofia,
sofia broke up with James and he didnt take it good, but James said it
was okay for him if i dated sofia, he said he doesnt really care, so i
tried, and even got sofia as my girlfriend.

I continued my kinda foolish but funny life with girlfiend, for 5.
fucking. days.

It was weekend, and usually on Weekends i just go sleep very late,
sometimes at mornings, and thank god, it saved my life..

My family is split up, my dad lives at another place, divorced parents,
atleast its ok, i see my dad every week, but anyways, i was with my
mother and big sister in my house. Big sister was sleeping and mother
indeed too. And our house is big, and mothers and sisters room is far
from living room, so i just hanged alone there, it was comfy.

I was scrolling my phone at sofa, calmfully, until i see movement from
street, i live st suburbs, and see from living rooms big window, that
guy with e-scooter drives without light at dark, very cold street. Guy
had black buffer jacket, its hood on his face and black clothes, thats
what i remember.

Guy drives bit past our house, but then comes back, infront of our
house, and puts his e-scooter to ground, and walks fastly towards our
house. I paniced for second, but then i realizes that it may be my
sisters secret boyfriend, that i didnt know.

Living room had lights on, and i see that this guy walks towards the
window. I stand up, and looked at it, sure it wasnt anything else than
my sisters boyfriend or just friend.

Man had bandana on his face, only i saw widen up eyes and white skin.

I looked at this guy, he looked at me.

I was kinda sure it wasnt anyonea boyfriend at that moment..

Then fastly, he runs off from window, i didnt know what to do, he had
bandana, and very fastly, i had ideas that he wants to come inside with
some bad ideas.

I runned from living room, to hallway that has the main door, to
outside, door has small window, but the wiew is blurred, i stand close
to wall, 2 meters from door, i see from blurred window, a dark movement
there outside, i wanted to see, what he tried to do, i know it sounds so
stubid, i am stubid, i just wanted to see him go away after he saw me
awake, i thought he was potential robber that time.

Then in the blurred window, i see his face with bandana again, you can
see from window better, if you’re really close to it, and i am sure, no
maybe, but sure that he saw me standing on hallway, infront of door.

I then runned away from that hallway, back to living room, and went
close to big window, to see him at door.

He doesnt stand there anymore, but his scooter is still there, at
ground.

I started slowly, without making noice, to walk from living room,
towards to my mothers room, at other hallway, then i hear, most loudest
sound ever, i hear window breaking, right behind me.

I turn fastly, but fall from window breaking and the jumpscare from it,
and the man, is now having something black in his hand, pointing at me,
it was a handgun, he standed behind broken window, and shot at me 3
times, before running away from broken window, for my luck, none of
those bullets hit me. Of course from noices, sister and mother woke up,
my sister screamed when he came to living room, my mother called police.

Polices was on way, when me, sister and mother was at bathroom, hiding
from anything.

That man didnt come, police came, and saved us.

The scooter wasnt there when polices came, and they taked all of us to
station.

I only had fear, even at police car, even when polices tries to comfort
me, no it didnt work, i was scared, everywhere of that guy.

This time there isnt ending where i poem about that “i never saw that
man again and polices didn’t get him”, no, no anything unrealistic shit
like that, because this was real life, and real stuff happen.

Attacker was caught, a month after my supposed death, and only after two
days, i heard, that man told everything, that this man was really poor,
that he had to do something for money, he was poor immigrant from north
europe, and became and hitman, yes, a guy you pay for them to kill
someone, and he tried ro find customers from app named “telegram”, and
found someone, customer gave target and targets home, and came there
with bad half broken hand gun, and tried to kill me.

Soon even sofia broken up with me, maybe she felt in danger around me, i
understand that, really do, but one thing i dont understand, why did
james say he was okay to his ex he misses and mine relationship, when he
was angry to me for that, and customer of hitman who tried to kill me.
