I just needed quick money, now I’m stuck here forever. Each day that
goes by I end up digging a deeper hole for myself. Each command becomes
more, & more drastic. I’ve made it to the point of no return.

My thoughts are interrupted as My partner says “Hello? Are you going to
fucking help or not?” I reply “Sorry my bad, i’m just thinking a lot
right now.” My partner replies “C’mon man we don’t pay you to think, we
gotta get this done by the end of the day.” I stay silent.

Infront of me, there stood a man seated on his knees with a look of
complete defeat & sadness written across his face. my partner has a
handful of this man’s hair in one hand, and the other is a machete.

“Are you recording?” my partner says, as i hold my phone up. I just feel
an extreme sense of dread, anxiety, & nausea all at once. All negative
emotions that are possible, I feel right now. I’m so helpless as I come
to the realization that this is now my life. I’m stuck here forever. I
replied “Yes.. i’m ready.” “Tell me when to go.” he says.

I take the deepest breath of my life as I say “1. 2. 3. GO.” He starts
the video off by saying:

“Ladies & gentlemen, here we have a police affiliated rat, who attempted
to double cross us, by giving information about our members to the
police. This is what happens when you fuck with CJNG.”

I feel a full on panic attack come over me as I try to remain calm. He
proceeds to then put the machete to his neck and slice with all his
might. what seems like gallons of blood pour onto my partner’s machete
wielding hand. I see in graphic detail every ligament, every vein, every
artery being torn as my partner attempts to slice completely through his
victims neck. Blood flows in a continuous stream down his mouth &
freshly sliced neck. As he got to the last chops, the victim’s head was
met with resistance. I watch in horror as I see my partner struggling
with fully decapitating his head. The last chop was the most horrendous.
The snap I heard as the depcaption was complete will forever play in a
loop in my head.

I can’t help but retch as I try to keep my vomit in. My partner proudly
holds his victim’s head in the air as he proclaims loudly: “THIS COULD
BE YOU!” I end the video with a shaky finger as I take those last words
in. “𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐜𝐨𝐮𝐥𝐝 𝐛𝐞 𝐲𝐨𝐮“

“Let me see.” he says as puts his bloodied hands on his hips. he watches
it as he says “This is great man, send the video over to my number so I
can forward it to the bossman.” I stay silent as I go into a thought
inducing trance.

I’ve officially seen it all. This was the last nail on the coffin. God
will never forgive me for what I have done.
