You might have heard of me. I was a social media influencer for two
years.

I know kids have “influencer” as one of their top professions these
days, but for me it was all an accident, really. I uploaded a few
YouTube videos back in 2019, in the summer I finished school. All I did
was rant about movies. I had a few notes, not a full script, and just
spouted off to my laptop camera about inaccurate science, bad casting
choices, real nitpicky stuff. In about six months I’d got 200
subscribers.

I was at university then, and I mentioned my videos to some of my uni
friends. They subbed and told their friends, and I got up to 1,000 views
by January 2020. My videos were only about ten minutes long, and I had
nowhere near the views to monetise. I was making one a week, but not on
any sort of schedule. It was just something I did when I was bored.

Then the pandemic hit. A lot of students here in England basically got
locked into their halls of residence (that’s dorms for any Americans
reading), but I was lucky enough to get back to my parents’ before then.
So I was doing what my uni laughably called “remote learning”, which
basically meant a couple of video lectures a week, some worksheets, and
lots and lots of my own research. I won’t bore you with the topic of my
course; it’s not relevant.

I’m not exactly stereotypically pretty. I’ve come to accept that. My
hair is stringy, my nose is too big, my face is profoundly asymmetrical,
my complexion is strange and acned, my teeth are crooked … You get the
idea. You can only do so much with makeup and hair that covers your
face. I probably have fewer friends than I would if I looked like other
people, and it actually took a lot of courage to make that first video -
and even more courage to upload it.

I can only assume that’s the reason I went viral. It certainly wasn’t
the high production values, or the tightly-written scripts, or the
quality of my research. On the 9th of April I had 1,322 subscribers. On
the 10th it was over 8,000. By the end of April it was up to 300,000,
and I had actually monetised my channel.

The comments were … well, they were varied. Lots of hate because of my
looks, but lots of love from people who just appreciated what I put out
there, calling out others for their negative comments. I know many
social media stars struggle with unkind comments, but I’d got used to
it. Let’s be honest, they weren’t nice, but neither were they untrue.
And comments under your video are easier to ignore than comments in the
street. I was making decent money after all. If you were one of those
commenters, you know which side you were on, and I love you either way.
Thanks for the engagement - it’s not easy to gain financially from your
unusual appearance!

The trouble with going viral is that it doesn’t last. Competing in the
fast-paced world of internet stardom takes a lot of effort. I started
experimenting with other things - YouTube shorts, TikTok, Instagram,
pretty much anything going. The format that turned out to work best was
actually TikTok. I’d bought some skimpy outfits and did ridiculous
little dances. I quickly reached over a thousand views per video, and
while I wasn’t up to their creator tier, it still worked. A well-known
cosmetics company asked to sponsor my videos.

Cosmetics! Me! I guess they were going for woke points or something. I
didn’t care, they offered me more money than I knew what to do with, as
long as my views stayed high. So I started making 2-minute videos. A
dance without make-up, then I applied the make-up - being sure to show
the brand name clear and up-close - and then the same dance with
make-up. If this is ringing any bells with you, then yes - that was me.
And no, stupid - that’s not my real name.

I’d got used to undesired attention of course. Along with the unpleasant
comments, I got my fair share of unwelcome male approaches. For a few
hours after any upload, about half of my DMs were from men, and some
women (or men with female account names), asking to see more of me. I
wasn’t a camgirl, though I suppose I wasn’t a million miles away from
one; but I could have been. I did seriously consider it a few times, but
never actually followed through.

And half of the rest of my DMs, and a good portion of the public
comments, were from angry women. What made me think I had the right to
show off like that? How could I bring their favourite cosmetics brand
into disrepute? But I’ve got pretty thick skin (hey, I can make that
joke, you can’t), and mostly laughed the comments off and ignored them.

That was, in hindsight, a mistake.

By September my uni was reopening for in-person teaching. I was working
six or seven hours a day just to keep up with everything, and had a
couple more brands sponsoring me. Being an influencer isn’t just about
filming for ten minutes a day and watching the money come in!

So I was going to tutorials an hour a day, watching video lectures at 2x
speed, and ignoring my assignments in favour of making videos and
replying to messages. It’s not like my pointless degree was helping with
my real job.

Okay fine. It was geology. Rocks and stuff. You happy now? I bet you
can’t tell the difference between sylvite and carnallite just by licking
it, can you?

Anyway, the point is I came close to being chucked out. Actually I had
to repeat the second year. At least I could afford it.

So anyway, I somehow got through to the end of my second year, the end
of my second year again, and part way through my third year. I was
passing my exams - just - and through several reinventions I had managed
to maintain my social influencer role. Last Autumn I was getting some
good views, and cash, back on YouTube. I was getting pretty good at
make-up (I had an exclusive deal with one company on TikTok, and another
deal with a different cosmetics company on YouTube). The videos that did
well then were me with experimental hairstyles and not much in the way
of clothes, putting on makeup for a few minutes, then reading
out-of-copyright fiction in my patented “YouTube voice”. If you can
imagine a cross between Shania Twain and Marge Simpson then… well, then
you’re weird, but you’ve pretty much got it.

Then, last December, a week or so before the Christmas holidays, I went
out with my friends. I had made a decent number, both girls and guys, by
then. I could never quite tell whether it was my personality (which I
assure you is fantastic), my influencer status, or the cash I was
liberal with (it always seemed to be my round, and I didn’t mind). There
were even a couple of boys who were keen on me, though I hadn’t done
anything about it yet. Eight of us went out together to celebrate a
birthday. It wasn’t actually anybody’s birthday that day, but Shireen
had a Christmas Day birthday, and she wanted a proper party.

Now I look quite different in real life than I do online. I think the
technical term is “frumpy” - jeans, trainers, fluffy jumper and a hat,
or maybe a hoodie. The birthday girl had somehow convinced me to put a
bit more effort in, and had helped me pick out some heels and a
knee-length silver dress. Make-up was easy for me of course, and so I
got dressed up and off we went to the Black Swan.

The Black Swan has several great qualities about it. One: it’s cheap.
Two: it does good food. Three: it’s a couple of hundred metres from The
Bar. We had a decent meal, a few drinks, and around 9 we walked to The
Bar.

To be more precise, they walked. I wobbled. If you’ve watched my videos
you might have seen me in heels, but did you ever see me walk in them?
Didn’t think so.

The Bar is open til 3 in the morning. It looks respectable enough from
the outside, especially in the afternoon; but after about 11, when most
pubs close, it fills up with students drinking expensive-looking drinks.
And almost every night, somebody jumps up onto a table, and then
everybody’s up there dancing. In The Bar, either you hold your drink
tightly, or you lose it.

I’d done this before, and I can handle my alcohol. I’ve stayed at The
Bar till chuckout more than a few times, and I’ve been wobbly on the way
home, but I’ve never thrown up or passed out. And so I was surprised
when I woke up. The last thing I remembered was Stu saying he was tired,
and Shireen replying that it wasn’t even midnight yet. Now I was lying
on the hard wooden floor of my living room.

My head pounded. Daylight streamed through the window, and I blinked a
few times and rubbed my eyes. My hands were wet and sticky.

I looked at them. They were covered in blood.

I looked down. My heels were across the room, but I was still wearing my
dress. It, also, was covered in blood, a huge stain across the chest.

Panic set in. What happened to me last night? I checked myself out and
could find no injuries. Where did the blood come from?

Standing up, I realised it was worse than that. Red pools stained the
wooden floor. I don’t know much medicine, but if somebody had lost this
much blood, I couldn’t see how they could have survived.

I stood up, unsure whether my shaking was from the shock or the alcohol.
This was when I saw a shirt on the floor behind me. White, with a subtle
pattern. I’m sure I don’t need to tell you that it wasn’t my shirt. I
lived alone, and rarely invited people back to my flat. I looked around
some more. A pair of men’s black leather shoes by the door. And then I
saw it.

I suppose, rather, I should say him. He was naked except for a pair of
dark blue jeans, slumped in the open doorway to the kitchen, covered in
blood, and very, very, dead.

I panicked then. I’m calmer now, so let’s take a moment to describe my
conclusions that morning. I had got very drunk. I had met a guy. We’d
come back to my flat. We’d been getting naked (the shoes and shirt
weren’t bloodied). Then, for some reason, we’d had an argument or a
fight. The body had stab wounds in the chest, and a pool of blood had
congealed onto the wooden floor of the living room and the linoleum of
the kitchen where the man collapsed. How did those stab wounds get
there? I didn’t know for sure, but a quick glance at my kitchen counter
showed that my sharp carving knife was missing. It was all coming
together. I didn’t know if he had picked up the knife, or if I had; I
didn’t know why either of us would do that. I didn’t even know his name,
and later when I checked his pockets, I couldn’t find any ID.

There was a lot I didn’t know. But I’m smart. So once I was done crying
on the floor (I think it was about two hours), I came up with a plan.
This man was dead, and I couldn’t do anything about that. But what would
the consequences be? There’s no need for my life to be ruined as well. I
decided not to call the police. People go missing mysteriously all the
time, he can just be another statistic and I’ll get on with my life.

The blood on Dave was mostly dry by now. (Sure, I didn’t know his name,
but every bloke’s called Dave, right?) So I put a badly-fitting vest on
him to soak up the remaining blood, and his shirt over the top, along
with his shoes. His jeans were bloody, but they were dark, so hopefully
it wouldn’t show up in low light. I couldn’t find his coat, which was
odd given how cold it was, but this would have to do. I put my dress and
heels in a plastic bag, and grabbed a spade that I never used. Had I
missed anything?

The knife. The fucking knife. I searched all over for it, but by the
time it got dark I still hadn’t found it. I knew I couldn’t delay for
long, so I figured it was best to deal with Dave now, and find the knife
later.

Eight o’clock in the evening came. I’m lucky I have parking right
outside my house, no street cameras, and a ground-floor flat. I put the
bag in the boot of my car and came back for the body.

Have you ever tried to move a dead person? It’s not easy, and I’m not
exactly strong. I put my arm around his waist and eventually managed to
heave him almost upright. “Come on Dave, that’s it. We’re gonna get you
home. Maybe calm down on the tequila next time right? Try to keep it in,
and don’t you dare vomit in my car, you sexy bastard.”

Oh come on, what do you want from me? I’m an influencer, not a stand-up
comedian. And anyway, I don’t think anybody saw me during the several
minutes it took to drag Dave to the passenger seat. I really wish I’d
got round to buying a bigger car than the Fiat Punto I’d had since I was
18, but it was too late for that now. There’s a place about an hour’s
drive from me called Epping Forest. The Heritage Trust reckon it’s most
famous for its huge tracts of unspoiled wildlife, thousands of trees,
and Iron Age settlements. But around here it’s best known as the place
where murderers and gang members bury bodies. So off I trundled in my
1.2 litre pensioner-mobile. I arrived around 9:30, checked Google Maps,
and drove offroad into the woods.

Do you know how long it takes to dig a grave? The answer is: a long
time! By dawn I’d only managed a hole about two feet. Oh, and it was my
third try, because the first two times I found too much rock. Well, it
would have to do. In went Dave, and I shovelled the ground back over
him. I thought I could put my clothes in with him, but it was a shallow
grave, and when the inevitable dog-walker finds it I didn’t want them
linked back to me. I mean, there’s my DNA in there for sure, but let’s
not make it too easy for them, right? So I chucked the spade in a river,
and the clothes went back home with me, including the vest I’d lent him.

Now in England we have a thing called ANPR everywhere. The police can
just type in a car registration and see exactly where it’s been from
traffic cameras. I needed an alibi. Why had I gone to Epping Forest? For
a hike of course! So I walked around for a few hours, got breakfast at a
pub, and told the staff about all the wacky adventures I’d had that
night. And while I was there, for the first time in a good long time, I
checked my phone.

Hundreds of messages, of course. But only one sent a shiver down my
spine.

  Jolly_Gal_56234

  I KNOW WHAT YOU DID

My heart thumped. My ears started ringing. I felt dizzy, nearly passed
out. How could anybody know?

Of course nobody knew. I actually got messages like this fairly often.
Just some idiot trying to wind people up. They’d probably sent a dozen
messages just like it, to random people, and I just blocked her. Still
it rattled me. I finished my breakfast, paid up, walked back to my car,
and drove home.

My flat was just as I left it. Dave was gone, but his blood was still
there. I scrubbed the floor for hours, and it helped a bit, but you
could still see the stains. Exhausted, I showered and went to bed.

The next morning I woke up. I hadn’t posted anything for a day and a
half, so I needed to do something about that. Scrolling through my
messages, one stood out like a police light.

  Jolly_Gal_28473

  YOU’VE BEEN A BAD GIRL 🔪

Shit. SHIT! What the fuck is going on? I stared at my phone, paralysed
with indecision. When I finally snapped out of it I made sure the door
was locked, and tried to come up with a plan.

I had no idea who was sending these. Maybe they didn’t really know
anything. You send stupid messages like that to hundreds of people,
you’re gonna come across one who’s actually done something bad, right? I
poured myself a big glass of gin, decided that nobody could know
anything, and made a video.

Remember that one where I didn’t speak at all, just danced for three
minutes dressed like 90s Britney to 70s disco music, titled “HANGOVER
DANCE”? Yeah, that’s the one. I didn’t trust myself to speak without
breaking, but I could dance about as well as I ever could.

The rest of the day I answered messages, emailed my sponsors, and
considered getting an agent. It’s still just me doing everything, and
that Sunday afternoon, I really didn’t want to. I also spent a few hours
scrubbing the wooden floor with baking soda and vinegar, and looking for
the knife.

I kept getting messages from Jolly_Gal. It didn’t matter how much I
blocked her, she just popped up again the next day with different
numbers at the end of her username. Always all-caps, just a single
sentence.

  YOU DON’T DESERVE IT

  YOU’LL GET WHAT’S COMING TO YOU

  OWN UP

  DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT

Exactly one message a day, but always at different times. I decided it
was a bot, and it was just coincidence that it started when it did.
Until Christmas Day.

I’d been back at my parents’ for a few days, and endured the usual
conversations about what I was going to do for a “proper job” after uni.
They’re great, and really supportive. They’ve just never understood what
an “influencer” really is, and that “playing on my phone” for six hours
a day counts as work. My brother Rich gets it, but the rest of my family
is honestly baffled.

Anyway, Christmas morning comes. All four of us were in the house
together (my brother’s 17 so he still lives there), and we gathered
together in the living room opening presents. It was a couple of weeks
since the incident, and I still had nightmares every night, and those
sudden panic attacks - you know, when you’re sure you’re going to be
found out - but I was getting used to it. It had happened, I couldn’t
change it, and I’d have to keep it secret for the rest of my life; but
it was becoming a sort of background hum. I don’t know if that’s too
quick, but I suppose I’ve learned to handle difficulty in my life.

Until we finished opening presents and I checked my phone.

  Jolly_Gal_814385

  HAPPY CHRISTMAS

And underneath, a photo of my kitchen knife, stained with blood.

I ran out of the house in tears.

Rich found me, sitting on the wooden bridge down the road from the
house, my legs dangling over the river. I came here a lot when I was a
teenager, so it was the first place he looked. I’d left my phone on the
living room floor, and the three of them had seen the message, so he
knew what triggered me. He just didn’t know the full story.

Well, I told him. I mean, not everything, obviously. But I told him how
this person had been harassing me for weeks. He listened
sympathetically, like he’s always done, and asked if there was anything
he could do to help. I didn’t say anything; I just turned around, hugged
him, and cried into his Christmas sweater.

After about half an hour we went back to the house. Rich explained
things to my parents, thank goodness. I don’t think I could have handled
it.

The rest of the holiday was … okay, I guess. More messages from
Jolly_Gal, but only text. I made videos most days, and met all two of my
old schoolfriends for drinks, movies and shopping. They’re big fans of
my channels. I even took Rich out for drinks one evening, though it took
us four pubs to find somewhere that wouldn’t ID him. He’s a bit of a
babyface.

I did all I could not to think about Dave. I put him to the back of my
mind, letting him live in the shed at the bottom of the garden of my
psyche where he couldn’t disturb me. I guess that’s why it came as a
shock to me, when I packed my stuff into the boot of my car to head back
to uni.

There was one suitcase I’d packed but hadn’t got round to taking into
the house. And peeking around the edge was that plastic bag. I’d
forgotten to get rid of it!

Dad was helping me load the car, so I couldn’t do anything about it. I
tucked it out of sight, finished loading up, said goodbye, and drove
back to uni. It was dark when I got back, so I unpacked everything else,
triple-bagged my bloody clothes, left my phone at home (no tracking
me!), and walked two miles to drop them into somebody else’s wheelie
bin.

The next morning I checked my messages.

  Jolly_Gal_12592

  WELCOME HOME

And a photo of me dumping the bag the night before.

You know what? This didn’t bother me. I mean, it did bother me, but not
as much as I guess Jolly_Gal hoped. I’ve been bullied and harassed most
of my life, and I’ve got pretty good at ignoring it. Sure, it was an
escalation - she was actually following me - but it was just one of
almost thirty messages. Jolly_Gal was hoping to destroy me. Instead, she
hardened my resolve.

Clearly she had enough evidence to go to the police, but she hadn’t. And
obviously she lived nearby. Now I’m no hacker, but you don’t do a job
like mine without learning your way around technology. So I started
sleuthing. I hadn’t bothered blocking her after the third or fourth
message, so I made a list of all the messages, including timecodes. I’ve
got a geology degree (almost), and we have techniques to analyse rock
strata. Finally I had a genuine use for all that studying I sort of did!

Jolly_Gal was not as clever as she thought. She’d got sloppy. About half
of her messages were sent at strange hours, on the hour. These were
presumably posted by her bot. But the other messages were all sent
between 7 and 8 am, or between 6 and 10 pm. So I guessed that she has a
normal 9-5 day job, or maybe she’s a student.

Next I searched all the social media sites I could think of for
Jolly_Gal or JollyGal usernames. There are a few, so please don’t go
harassing people with that username! I don’t want innocent people to get
hurt. After a few hours I had profiles of all Jolly_Gals. Pictures,
locations, partial travel history, even birthdays for some of them. I
discounted those who clearly weren’t in England, but I still had too
many to narrow it down. The photos had no EXIF data so I couldn’t tell
the type of phone or camera they used.

So my days became something like this: Five hours doing uni stuff, five
hours working on my socials, and an hour or two learning digital
sleuthing. I still went out with my friends sometimes, but made sure not
to drink too much. I know how to have a good time without being drunk!

The breakthrough came by total chance. I rarely read the local papers,
and just got lucky one afternoon in March. I was waiting for a friend in
the pub after lectures, and there was a copy of the Post somebody had
left on a table. So I flicked through it. The local council was rubbish
at doing traffic. Some group of OAPS was organising a May Day
celebration. And a woman had been convicted of body-snatching.

I recognised her! There was a photo of a woman in her early twenties.
She’d been arrested when a corpse went missing back in December, and
they’d seen her take it on the morgue’s CCTV. She’d been released on
bail. “Prevention of the lawful and decent burial of a dead body” is a
rare crime these days, so she hadn’t been sentenced yet; instead she was
released until her sentencing, expected to be in August. Her name was
Jenny Smith, which is so common as to be almost useless - that is, if
you don’t have a profile of her on your laptop at home!

The report also gave her address. So I started hatching a plan. I texted
my friend that I wouldn’t make it, and went home.

Jolly_Gal, or rather, Jenny, lived near me, and actually went to the
same university. She had accounts on Instagram, TikTok, YouTube,
Twitter, and a few others. Of course you can’t get Jolly_Gal by itself
these days, but my profile gave all her precise usernames. I spent my
evening watching her videos and reading her tweets. And then I found the
smoking gun.

Jenny had posted a video on TikTok last June bitching about me. She’s
way prettier than me, and yet I’d got all the subs and follows. She
deserved all those sponsorship deals. It wasn’t fair that I had hundreds
of thousands of subs and she only had a few thousand. She even said I
was ugly and deserved to die.

Well, she got one out of two right, I guess. You can decide which one.

It all started to slot into place. Jenny was absurdly jealous of me, so
she’d hatched a plan to destroy me. She must have roofied me in The Bar,
got me and Dave back to my place, stabbed him, poured blood everywhere,
and taken the knife home. I mean, I don’t know anything about forensic
science, and I was drugged and panicked when I woke up that morning. I’d
have no way of knowing that Dave had died days before he ended up in my
flat!

I’d never managed to get all the blood out of the wooden flooring, and
ended up putting a really misplaced rug over it. I chiselled off a
sample and gave it to one of my friends who was doing a PhD in biology.
It took a bit of persuading, but he ran an analysis on it.

It was pig’s blood.

Fuck Jenny. She’s not Jenny, or Jolly_Gal, she’s fucking Carrie!

She planned to destroy me. She ruined my mental health, she framed me
for murder. All because I was more popular on TikTok than she was. Well,
two can play at that game. I didn’t deserve what Jenny did to me. She
did.

I thought about this all night, coming up with plan after plan, weighing
them in my head. I wanted two things: to destroy Jenny, and to feel good
about it for myself. Finally I had a course of action I’m actually
rather proud of.

I decided to start slow. I did something anybody could have done - I
mocked up a poster. At the top was “Jenny Smith - body snatcher!”.
Underneath were two pictures, her Insta profile pic and the courthouse
photo from the paper, and between them: “From This … To This!” And all
her various social media handles to top it off. I printed hundreds of
these, and pinned them all around the university and her street.

I’ve never thought of myself as an unkind person - God knows I’ve
suffered enough myself to be sympathetic to others. But I’m willing to
admit I felt a lot of satisfaction seeing her comments fill up with
accusations and links to the online article. Jenny carried on making
videos, but I could tell she was suffering. Good!

That was stage one. I had to up the ante for stage two. Jenny had
covered me and my flat with pig’s blood, so I think we all know what’s
coming next.

I pondered for a long time whether I should do it in the day or the
night. But you know what they say - go big or go home. I scoped out her
house for a while, and found out that she leaves her kitchen window, at
the back of the house, open. Now I’m not the most athletic girl in the
world, but I can be pretty determined when I want to be. So one night
around 2 am I walked to her house - it’s only about half a mile - and
climbed through the window.

I almost gave myself a heart attack when I knocked a glass over on the
kitchen sink! Luckily it didn’t smash. I hid in a corner and waited for
a full half hour before I decided Jenny hadn’t heard me. Then I snuck
upstairs, slow as anything, and crept into her room.

Actually, the first room wasn’t hers. She shared with a couple of other
students. Thank fuck I checked first! The second room was the right one.
She was asleep, alone, in a double bed. I was so quiet that the only
thing I could hear was my heart pounding in my chest as I opened my
canvas bag, gently deposited its contents onto the pillow next to her,
and took a photo. It didn’t come out that well - I couldn’t use the
flash - but hey, I have a souvenir!

I really wish I’d seen her face when she woke up the next morning,
staring at a pig’s head. She didn’t post on her socials for a week after
that, and for two days she even forgot to send me a threatening message.

I’m sorry? You think I’m done? Oh, my sweet summer child. I’ve barely
begun.

Jenny had a boyfriend, Abdul. I made sure he wasn’t around when I broke
in, but stage three involved him in a big way.

Abdul was also at our university, a year younger than me, a year older
than Jenny. He wasn’t very active on social media, but he did tend to
broadcast his activity on Twitter. And what do you know? He’s also a fan
of The Bar. So I spent the next month planning my move. I bought a new
clubbing dress and heels - hey, I kinda missed that outfit! - and asked
around for the other thing I needed. Some things you can’t just buy in
Next, or a local butcher’s, but eventually I managed it.

I got my chance one Friday in May. Abdul had loudly announced on Twitter
that he was excited for his boys’ night out in The Bar, and Jenny had
been gushing about a girls’ night on the whole other side of town.
Perfect. I spent hours on my makeup, and got to The Bar around ten.
Abdul and his mates were having a drinking contest, and leching up at
the girls dancing on the tables.

I figured I had a good long while before he would be ready, so I had a
couple of drinks - not too much, but like I said I can handle myself,
and I knew Jenny wasn’t around - and got up on the tables myself for a
bit. Then about midnight Abdul’s friend got another round in, while
Abdul was in the loo. This was my chance. I walked up to their table -
which had no dancing feet on it, but a heck of a lot of spilled beer -
and started talking to them, saying I thought their friend was hot.

“Uh, what the fuck?” “Not a chance in hell.” “Get lost, freak!”

Lovely chaps. But they were too far gone to notice me dropping something
into Abdul’s double-whiskey-and-coke. For all I know, it’s the exact
same thing Jenny used on me all those months ago.

Abdul came back and downed his whiskey in one gulp. I was worried he was
going to vomit it up, but he held it in and blamed his difficulty on the
coke fizz. Yeah mate, sure, sure.

Not too long after, he started to fade. His friends were really taking
the piss out of him for being such a lightweight. Well, when I came
over, the pisstaking just got worse. I introduced myself (with a fake
name, duh) and told him he was hot. Believe it or not, it was only about
twenty seconds before he put his tongue down my throat. Wow, I’m not
sure I even needed to bother with the roofie!

His friends, who had been so intent on being mean to me, now turned
their attention to him. I suggested we ditch them and go back to his
place (I’d checked, it was only five minutes’ walk sober) - and off we
went.

That was the first time I had sex. I’m sure I don’t need to go into
details, but we did a lot of stuff, and I enjoyed it. I’m not sure if
that’s because it was good, or because he was good, or because I knew
what it was all for. I was impressed that he managed to keep going as
long as he did in his state, but I do feel a bit sorry for him; from his
Twitter he seems like a decent guy. Sorry Abdul - you were just in the
wrong girl at the wrong time.

When he finally fell asleep I left. I’d got what I came for - pictures.
And the next day I made a new account and sent a DM to Jenny.

At first I blurred my face, or chose shots that didn’t include it. A bit
of editing and I could have been anybody. I watched their messy breakup
on Twitter, Jenny hurling accusations, Abdul protesting his innocence. I
know this is the age of social media, but I never understood why people
play these things out in public.

And then, after posting a picture a day for a few weeks (I’d taken a lot
of pictures), I sent one that showed my face clearly.

Jenny had managed to restrain herself from replying before, but now she
knew who I was. She was furious! The very idea that her boyfriend had
cheated on her with ME, of all people, was unbelievable. And this was
exactly the outcome I’d been going for.

Jolly_Gal was broken. She’d ruined her reputation. She’d lost her
boyfriend. She had nightmares about pigs (okay, so I don’t know that for
certain, but in my imagination she woke up screaming every night). She
was possibly going to prison. And now she knew that not only was I more
successful than her as an influencer, but I was the one to steal her
lover. She still sent messages, at first angry, but they soon
degenerated into pleading. “Please stop.” “I’m sorry.” “We can work this
out.” Jolly_Gal without CAPS LOCK, it was glorious to see.

In fact it was almost perfect. Three stages of my plan were complete,
and only one remained. Jenny’s sentencing was in three weeks, so I had
to move quickly.

She had two flatmates, so I needed to work around them. They weren’t
particularly active on Twitter, but Jenny was. I knew from her tweets
that while her flatmates had gone home, she was staying on a couple of
weeks after the end of term. She didn’t say why publicly, but it was for
her trial. No flatmates, no boyfriend. Now was the time.

And that brings us up to date. I’ve typed this up over the last few
days, and saved as a draft. The final chapter, hopefully, comes tonight.

*******

I’m at Jenny’s house, and I’ve just called the police.

I turned up at Jenny’s door just after seven. Luck was with me - she’d
tweeted that she was expecting a Deliveroo takeout. And I got there
first.

The idiot actually kept the knife. I’d seen it when I was in her room.
When she answered the doorbell, expecting food, and saw me - ah, the
look on her face was priceless.

“I’m so sorry! Please, let’s just talk. I didn’t mean it to get this -”

I stalked towards her, anger in my face. Jenny fled upstairs. Perfect!
She went into her room and shut the door, but I was like the furies of
Greek legend. I smashed the door in, and looked on as Jenny cowered on
her bed.

In full daylight, I saw the knife took pride of place in what looked
like a shrine. She had photos of me printed out, and she’d written on
them “BITCH”, “WHORE”, “FREAK” and all sorts of other hateful words.

Jenny had tried to make me into a murderer, so I gave her what she
wanted. I grabbed the knife and stood over her. The coward shrank into
the bed, begging for forgiveness, pleading for her life. Unfortunately
for her I was not inclined to oblige. I plunged the knife into her
chest, just as she had done to Dave all those many months ago. Jenny
whimpered like a whipped dog, and after the ninth stab (yes, I counted),
she stopped.

The police are on their way. I’m definitely going to jail after this.
But Jenny got what was coming to her. We could both have lived happily,
but Jenny chose otherwise.

And me? I passed my degree. I have friends. And jail or not, I have a
life.

Burn in hell, Jolly_Gal.
