I spent my own money printing those damn rule handouts and they’re
already obsolete. So mad.

(if you’re new, start here, and if you’re totally lost, this might help)

As for some good news, I’m getting better at not procrastinating. Is
this what being an adult feels like? I feel like getting things done
instead of being paralyzed by fear and indecision is an important step
towards being a functional human being. Yay me!

I showed up at Professor Monotone’s office with a list of questions. I
felt weird going in there solely to talk about the inhuman things on
campus, so I slipped a few mundane ones in there to make it seem more
like a normal office hours. It was probably unnecessary, but it made me
feel better. Anyway, I made the mistake of including ‘I’m not sure what
I’m going to do with this degree after I graduate’ as one of the
questions and Professor Monotone zeroed in on that one like a yarnball
chasing a camper with both their arms still attached through the woods.

Sure, there’s ‘staying alive until graduation’, that’s important. But
then there’s My Whole Entire Future to worry about and to Professor
Montone, the latter deserves more attention. Also I have a hunch they’re
in dire need of competent students for a survey they’re doing this
coming summer. It’s about measuring the water levels in one of the
southern states in the US and comparing against historical data. They’re
teaming up with another university down there to provide more manpower.

He asked how I feel about small size aircraft. I am… concerned.

I also did not say no. He’s going to put me in touch with the professor
organizing it.

As for what I found out about the inhumans on campus - nothing terribly
exciting, I’m afraid. His knowledge mostly revolves around the stabbed
student, since it haunts the hallways of the building he’s in the most.
He first saw it shortly after James vanished. He tried to find out what
happened to James, but was first told he’d graduated, then that he’d
dropped out, and then the university lost all records and memory of him.
Professor Monotone believes that something happened to him prior to
graduation, as he doesn’t remember James being at the ceremony.

Like me, he’s suspicious of what’s going on in the graveyard since the
professor with the petrified wood with it was invisible to the inhuman
until that stone was removed from him. He’s made careful inquiries of
other departments to find out if their buildings are haunted or if
they’ve seen anything strange, but he hasn’t found anyone willing to
share information. I can’t say I’m surprised by this, what with what
happened to the folklore professor when she got too chatty.

I feel like he’s not telling me everything. Which is fair, he doesn’t
know if I’m going to do something stupid with too much information. I
mean, I’m withholding information from him for the same reason. I did
ask if he’s ever been in the graveyard outside of visiting hours and he
said he hadn’t. Then he warned me not to sneak in, as the university was
quite serious about respecting the graveyard.

So he won’t be getting killed by the groundskeeper anytime soon, that’s
good.

I’m still debating with myself on how to proceed with Professor
Monotone.

In the meantime, remember how I’m taking a weightlifting class? Honestly
it’s not much of a class, it’s more about just showing up. The
instructor went over all the lifts we’d need to do each week, gave us a
sheet to map out our planned progress and track it on, and then turned
us loose. We show up, check in with her, record our reps, then let her
know when we’re done.

It’s been a bit intimidating, but this is what college is about, right?
Trying new things! Discovering things about yourself and the world
around you! Getting buff so you can better punch the (literal) monsters
in the face!

Except the gym feels, I don’t know, extra creepy this year.

At first I dismissed it as me being uncomfortable in a new situation.
I’m from a small town, you all know this already. I’ve been in lecture
halls where the professor was like ‘wow small class today’ and I’m just
like ‘this is more people than were in my graduating class.’ It was a
weird adjustment my first year. I’ve mostly gotten used to it. Not
having to interact with many people outside of my friends and classmates
has helped keep it from feeling overwhelming. But the gym is different.

You have to interact with people. Have to. It’s not like I haven’t come
here before. Cassie and some of her friends had this period where they
were into playing volleyball and I’d sometimes go with them. But they’d
get a court reservation and I’d only be talking to the people we went to
the gym with. This class requires using things like the free weights and
some of the machines and the gym is always busy during the time class
meets. I’m too anxious to put myself in the line for stuff on the main
floor, so I’ve been retreating to the weight room because it’s smaller,
but then if you want to bench press you need a spotter and none of my
classmates are there - in fact, I don’t know who my classmates even are
because we arrive at different times and I suspect some of them just
check-in and then vanish without doing anything they’re supposed to.

So I have to ask strangers for help. Or if I can use the free weights
after them. Don’t get me wrong - everyone is super nice - but I feel so
self-conscious. Like cool, thanks for letting me take a turn, let me
just remove 75% of the weight off this bar before I can even hope to
lift it.

When that tight feeling in the back of my brain showed up, like a screw
being driven in too tightly, I chalked it off to regular ’ol anxiety.
The normal kind we all get when we’re in an unfamiliar situation.
Except… sometimes the feeling that things are too different, that we’re
too far outside of what is familiar and normal to us… sometimes that’s a
warning.

It’s hard to know for certain which one it is. And often, when we find
out, it’s because the monster has crawled out of the shadows, ready to
claim its victim.

But this is the gym! It’s crowded! Safety in numbers!

I shouldn’t have relied on that as an absolute rule of how these
creatures work. Yes, it certainly seems to be one of the more proven
methods. After all, humanity has survived by strength in numbers for a
very long time. We’re afraid of being alone in unfamiliar situations
because that instinct in the back of our heads tells us we’re
vulnerable. These creatures conform to our fears. They lurk in the dark
and lonely parts of the world because that’s where we expect them to be.

The inhuman world doesn’t always play by the rules, though. It usually
does. But not always.

I have weight lifting class twice a week for an hour each session. The
first class this week is when I first thought that maybe the unease
eating at me as soon as I stepped through the doors of the gym wasn’t
getting better. I remember, scanning my ID at the front desk, thinking
that perhaps it was time to listen to it and address it. I didn’t like
trying to get through my sets with the back of my neck prickling, like
there was something just behind me the entire time.

Even then, I assumed it was a more mundane problem bothering me. Yes, I
know, I’m super visible to the inhuman stuff around here and should
probably just assume it was some kind of creature to begin with. And
that whole thought process did run through my brain, I swear it did, and
I reasoned that it was more likely that it was a person that was
triggering my panic response. I don’t think it was the chameleon
forgetting thing either, as it seems to avoid being around crowds of
people. Besides, its camouflage isn’t that great up close. So after I
went to the dedicated weight room I kept a careful eye out to see if
anyone was staring at me or seemed to be acting strange.

Nothing. But it made for a rather nerve-wracking class session. I
relayed all of this to Cassie and she suggested that next time I had
class, she’d go with me. While she didn’t know anything about weight
lifting, she figured she could just do some easier stuff by watching me
to justify her being there. She could help keep an eye out for anything
weird, she said.

So that’s what we did the next time class met. Cassie had a class right
before it, but she took a gym bag with her and met me there and once she
was ready, we went down to the weight room.

And omfg I just realized I totally forgot to tell you what Cassie was
being secretive about at the start of the year. It was just so
incredibly normal that I forgot to bring it up after she told me.

Cassie has a girlfriend! They went to highschool together, reconnected
over the summer, and did the whole ‘shocked face’ meme at finding out
the other one was gay. And get this - it’s so cute I could vomit - they
both had a secret crush on each other during their senior year of
highschool but were too anxious and awkward to act on it.

Also Cassie’s girlfriend was still figuring things out for herself and
figured since they were going to different colleges it was pointless
anyway.

They’ve decided to try a long-distance relationship, even with all its
perils. I think this might actually work for Cassie. It’s not like she
couldn’t have gone on some dates last year. She got asked out. She was
just too scared to accept, afraid that something would happen to them
like something happened to her former roommate. But this girl, who goes
to a different school, is safe from that!

I told her what Professor Monotone said about all the college campuses
having some kind of inhuman activity. She replied that she’d rather not
think about that at all, since there’s nothing she can do about it. At
least she’s far away from Cassie while she’s at school. That’ll keep her
safe.

I’m not sure if I agree that ignorance means safety, but I didn’t want
to argue over something like this, so I kept my mouth shut.

There. You’re all caught up now. Back to the problem with the gym.

Cassie and I compared notes on what we’d noticed while at the gym. As
usual, I was unusually on edge, but didn’t see anything out of the
ordinary.

“Have you been into the locker room yet?” Cassie asked.

“Just to stash my jacket, why?”

She scratched at her ear and said that there was some kind of noise when
she was in there. This constant, faint sound. She thought it was just a
ringing in her ears, but it persisted the entire time she was in there,
which was far longer than she felt it should have.

And that’s it. That’s all we had to go on. A sound that might have just
been Cassie’s hearing playing tricks on her.

That brings us up to today. This morning, after class, I swung by the
gym. I thought I’d just pop into the locker room and pay better
attention this time to see if I heard anything. Turns out that
mid-morning is apparently a good time for the gym if you don’t like
crowds of people. It was a lot quieter than it normally is.

I went to the locker room first. There was only one other person in
there. Maybe I’m starting to get a little paranoid or maybe it’s
justified, considering how uneasy the gym has been making me, but I
immediately registered that as A Problem. Either she’s an inhuman
herself or there’s not enough of us to ward off the inhumans - either
way, that little voice in the back of my head was screaming that I was
going to die going in there. I stood nervously in front of a locker
closest to the door and pretended to be fussing with my phone.

There. That sound. There was one. Cassie wasn’t hearing things. A
high-pitched whine, very much like a ringing in the ears.

I quietly slipped out of the locker room, glancing back once to make
sure the other student hadn’t, I don’t know, sprouted a face out of her
face that was covered in teeth or something horrible. She had not.

Now that I’d identified what to look for, I found that I could pick up
the sound a bit easier from the other noise of the gym. It helped that
it wasn’t that busy. I wandered about, trying to figure out where it was
coming from. It grated on me, like a pebble in my shoe. Perhaps it was
just environmental - the HVAC or something - but I could see why it
would have made me uneasy if I’d been hearing this all along and not
noticing it.

I covered the entirety of the second floor and then made my way
downstairs. After canvassing the basketball courts and the lobby, I
reluctantly admitted to myself that I had to investigate the two areas
I’d wanted to avoid. The pool and the basement.

The basement isn’t creepy, to be honest. It’s actually where the weight
room and the volleyball courts are. But it’s a basement. We all know
basements are Off Limits in scary situations.

And obviously I didn’t want to visit the pool because last time I was
there something tried to eat me. Do you remember that from last year? I
sure do. I had to get rabies shots after that incident. It was awful.

I vowed that I’d just take a look from the outside. As I approached the
pool, I realized that something was wrong. There wasn’t the steamy waft
of air from an open door as people came and went. There wasn’t the
subtle smell of chlorine in the air. And most worrisome of all - the
noise was getting louder. It was no longer uniform.

It sounded like screams. Thin, high-pitched, screams that belonged to
nothing human.

With a sickening dread in my chest, I rounded the corner and stepped
into the hallway that ran along the glass windows separating the pool
from the rest of the gym. Yellow caution tape was plastered over the
door, along with a sign declaring in large letters that the pool was
closed. I looked past that and into the pool itself.

Empty. Completely dry.

I decided to do something a little stupid. The noise was coming from
there. It had to be. I glanced up and down the hallway and when I saw
that I was alone (I know, I told you I was doing something stupid) I
gave the door a tentative pull.

It wasn’t locked. Honestly a little surprised by that.

I slipped in, hastily glancing around in the hopes I’d figure out where
the noise was coming from before someone caught me in here. I made a lap
around the entire pool along the edge. Nothing. Just an empty pool.
Then, as I was nearing the windows again, I saw it. The pool was behind
me. I saw my reflection in the glass and behind me…

I saw tree roots. They emerged from the belly of the pool, twisting
around each other like interlaced fingers, layers upon layers, until
they spilled over the edge like an overflowing bowl of spaghetti.

The screams came from the hollow spaces between the roots.

I stared at the reflection in the glass, trying to see what was trapped
in the roots, not wanting to see what it was. Because I think I know.

Despite all the rain, I haven’t seen the swimmers yet this year.

And the screams coming from the pool were high in pitch. The sounds of a
wounded animal.

It was only the shadow of someone coming around the corner that jolted
me to move. I hastily threw myself through the door and walked away from
it like I hadn’t been possibly trespassing? Then two students rounded
the corner and glanced at the yellow caution tape with confusion.

“Yeah, it’s closed,” I said, laughing thinly to cover my fear.

Then I fled the area, my heart hammering.

I paced around the gym for a bit longer, trying to get myself under
control. I couldn’t help but hear the sounds of the trapped swimmers
now. It was all I could hear. But there was one more thing I wanted to
do before I left the gym.

I stopped by the front desk and waited until one of the students working
there acknowledged me.

“Hey, uh, what’s going on with the pool?” I asked.

“It’s closed,” the student said automatically.

“Ye-es I read the sign. But… why?”

He sighed dramatically. I must not have been the only person to ask
this. Not in the least.

“There’s a leak,” he said. “They keep trying to refill it and it keeps
draining. I don’t know when it’s getting fixed.”

A leak. Hah. I stepped away from the desk, my stomach clawing nervously
at itself. It isn’t a leak.

Those roots. They are no longer only in the geology building or the
graveyard. They are everywhere. And I know someone who is terrified of
the tree that is their source.

I need to talk to Grayson.

Also the weight lifting class is graded solely on attendance so that
means I have to keep going all semester and listen to the swimmers
screaming for an hour twice a week RIP my nerves 😭 [x]

Keep reading.

Read the current draft of the rules.

Visit the college’s website.
