I run a private campground. Last post I asked all of you a question
about how to manage it and the consensus appears to be to leave the
harvesters alone. There were some really good suggestions on how to
handle the harvesters and the people that encounter them. I liked the
idea of having a sort of instructional hand-out for people, so that they
come back and eventually receive whatever item the harvesters fashion
for them. I’m thinking of titling it “So you’ve survived an encounter
with the inhuman” and maybe doing the “Captain America sitting in a
chair” pose on the cover but I’m not actually that photogenic so I’m not
sure on that one.

Maybe I can get Beau to pose for me. 🤔

Anyway, If you’re new here you should really start at the beginning and
if you’re totally lost, this might help.

If you read the title of this post and thought, ‘yeah no kidding’, okay,
I guess that’s fair, but up until now it’s been manageable. Sure I’ve
had to make my share of apologies over the years and there’s been maybe
a couple bodies both human and inhuman that resulted from it but overall
it hasn’t been catastrophic, right? None of us are without our flaws. At
least I’m aware of this one and can take measures to prevent it from
making mess of things. You know. Like preparing the agenda for a meeting
far in advance so that I don’t get surprised and my brain doesn’t
activate the part that goes OPEN ALL THE HATCHES, RELEASE THE
ADRENALINE, WE GOTTA PUT A MOUNTAIN LION IN A CHOKEHOLD except the
mountain lion is one of my employees asking why they’re not allowed to
have locks on their lockers, that’s such a stupid policy.

(it is a stupid policy. It is no longer a policy. I’m not sure why it
was ever policy in the first place)

I feel like I veer wildly between my extremes. Without my anger, I can’t
even hurt my mortal enemy. With my anger, I could kill a wanna-be god.

My anger is no longer a manageable problem. And it has become so due to
forces outside of my control.

The problem starts with rule #1.

If you hear something trying to enter your tent at night, sit up and say
in a clear, calm voice that you are not receiving visitors, but it is
welcome to visit in the morning. If a stranger appears the next day
asking for entrance to your camp, invite them in and give them food and
drink. This will give you good luck for the rest of your stay.

I’ve talked about this one before and the general consensus among
everyone seemed to be that the visitor is one of the more benevolent
entities of the campground. It’s easy enough to survive, provided you
keep calm and remember what you’re supposed to do. And not only do you
survive it, but you can then receive its blessing.

Honestly, I was considering it as a candidate for becoming the ancient
thing. It already takes care of campers, provided you show it
hospitality. I think Beau is setting himself up for the position better,
since there’s apparently prerequisites that need to be met, but I
wouldn’t mind the visitor being in the running, should it take an
interest.

Look at me, calmly considering what it is that’ll kill me someday. I’ve
always known that the land will be what takes my life, but to
contemplate it this calmly, this rationally… feels wrong.

Maybe this is why my anger has taken such a bad turn.

Not that any of it matters. I’m no longer so certain I will get a
choice.

We were hosting a small event and had a decent number of campers on
site. I won’t say what the event was, as I feel it prudent to protect
the privacy of any organization that rents the campground, but it wasn’t
a very large group and they didn’t have a lot of money on hand to spend
on a venue. This was why they had their event early in the year, when
it’s still getting cold out at night. My costs scale with demand.

I received a phone call to the camp emergency line. It wasn’t the only
one I’ve gotten during the event. I had someone call about frost on
their tent and when I went out there to check on them, it was just
normal night frost on the exterior of the nylon. Annoying to be dragged
out of bed for, certainly, but I’d rather that then they dismiss it as
inconsequential and it turns out to be the frost. Especially with how
aggressive it’s gotten this year.

There was another emergency call that turned out to be someone drunk
dialing the number. They’d put it in their phone and for some reason it
was in their phonebook as “Manager, Campground” which put it next to
“Mom” so I guess I saved someone from drunk dialing their mother at two
in the morning. Honestly, I’d rather they have woken up their mom.
Trying to impress upon a drunk person that I can’t have them repeatedly
calling this line and tying up the emergency number was a challenge.

I had to fit that in between them trying to tell me about that time they
were sick and asked their mom to save them a brownie for when they got
better, only to have their mom eat the brownie ‘so it wouldn’t go
stale’. So if there’s a mother out there reading this that recognizes
this incident, your child was not kidding when they said they’d never
let you forget you ate their brownie.

Honestly I’ve considered hiring someone to field emergency calls
overnight so I don’t get woken up all the time, but I’m sure I’d have to
increase someone’s salary to get them to work nights and I’d rather just
take a nap during the day. With the hammock monster gone there’s a lot
of new napping options available.

The only real emergency call we had was about the visitor. I didn’t get
a call from someone panicking because something was trying to get into
their tent. He’d already had that happen and while terrifying, I’m sure,
he handled it as he was supposed to. He sat up in his sleeping bag and
announced that he wasn’t receiving visitors. Then the creature left and
he was alone with just the sound of the night breeze and the distant
call of an owl.

That’s when he called the emergency line.

“What was that bullshit?” he said, after I got done confirming that he
wasn’t in immediate danger. “That thing was trying to get in my tent!”

Yes, yes that’s what it does. But so long as he told it to go away and
come back in the morning, everything would be fine. I wasn’t giving him
my full attention, I admit. I was tired. I wanted to go back to sleep.

“I didn’t tell it to come back,” he grumbled. “I don’t want anything to
do with it.”

We know the pattern works. We don’t know what happens when someone
deviates because we don’t do experiments around here. It’s a good way to
get yourself killed, as I’m sure you’ve all seen from my own instances
of going against the status quo over the past year or so. So when the
camper told me he hadn’t invited the visitor back, my blood ran cold.

“I’m going to come take a look around your site to make sure everything
is okay. If you see headlights, it’s just the four-wheeler.”

I was getting out of bed as I said this. The camper started to reply
that he didn’t want me coming out there, he’d already had his sleep
interrupted enough, but I was too annoyed to care. I hung up on him and
was left with the blissful quiet of my empty house and the weeping girl
outside. I hastily dressed and hurried out to the garage to get the
four-wheeler.

The night was cool with a touch of a breeze, perhaps just enough to form
a fine frost on the budding leaves before morning. The hills were
slowly, resolutely, turning green and with their awakening came a
stirring in the creatures of this land. Everything was coming alive.
Everything.

Have you ever walked in the woods in early spring and felt like you
could walk for days without tiring? Like you felt alive, like you were
being renewed along with the new leaves and new growth? There is a
reason for this feeling. Enjoy the strength it gives you, but take care
not to stray off the past, lest the forest swallow you up for good.

I was careful to keep to the road as I made my way towards the campsite
in question. I’d at least gotten him to give me where he was located
before he turned difficult about things. I stopped the four-wheeler a
little bit off from the tents and turned the engine off. I’d go on foot
the rest of the way. There was no sense in needlessly antagonizing him
further and besides, his campmates were trying to sleep. It’s not until
our big events that we have roaming patrols all through the night.

We’re not just trying to keep people safe from inhuman things. We’re
trying to keep people safe from themselves. There’s a lot of drinking at
these events, after all.

But this was one of the more quiet events. The only sound was the crunch
of gravel underneath my feet as I approached. I kept my flashlight beam
low to the ground, illuminating only my steps so that I didn’t trip over
anything. This group hadn’t followed rule #2.

Place solar lights near your tent stakes. This will keep people from
tripping over them or the ropes at night.

Lots of people don’t, especially at smaller events when tents have room
to spread out. It’s really more of a recommendation, to be honest.
Follow it if it makes sense.

I picked my way carefully through the tents, taking care to be as quiet
as I could. Nothing seemed amiss. As far as I could tell, I was the only
person walking around through here. The visitor may have truly left.
Perhaps the ‘come back tomorrow’ bit of the formula wasn’t necessary.
Perhaps the invitation to come back later was implied in the dismissal.
I fervently hoped so.

Then I heard a tent unzip and I groaned inwardly. I desperately hoped it
was just someone that had to take a piss in the middle of the night, but
I knew that I wasn’t so lucky. Sure enough, the person made their way
directly towards me and I could see from their outline that they were a
man. Broad-shouldered and tall.

“I said I didn’t need anyone to come out here,” he hissed as he got
closer.

“It’s part of my job to make sure everything is okay,” I replied
politely.

“Yeah? Then why not do something about these - these - stupid pranks!”

He brandished a piece of paper at me that I could only assume was the
pamphlet. My heart started to pound inside my chest. This happened
sometimes. After encountering something that they can’t comprehend - no,
that they don’t want to comprehend - they start inventing reasons it
wasn’t real.

I understand. We want the world to be a safe place. We want fairytales
to remain mere stories, because we know fairytales are warning us of a
world where we are subject to powers that far exceed our own.

He was not the first person to blame me. He won’t be the last.

“This is bullshit,” he continued.

“It’s clearly stated in the pamphlet you received,” I replied, using my
best manager monotone. Not quite a customer service voice, there’s a
sprinkling of ‘take no shit’ in it. “You received that in the mail with
ample time to cancel your reservation and still receive a full refund.”

“Yeah, but I didn’t - it -”

He couldn’t quite bring himself to finish. I knew what he was trying to
say. He didn’t think this was real. Or that if it was, that it would
happen to him. And… something in me snapped. This isn’t surprising. I
hear this so often and I’m just a bit sick of it. Look - I get it. You
think you’re safe. You think your house is secure and there’s nothing
out there and the streetlights just happen to flicker like that and all
the missing people are for boring, mundane reasons. And you don’t want
to hear otherwise.

But you know what? You’re not safe. None of us are. I’m just saying it
out-loud instead of lying to you.

This is what I wanted to tell him. Instead, I did what I always do. I
swallowed my anger and it tasted like broken glass in my throat. And I
told him I understood he was unhappy and he could come by tomorrow for a
partial refund. But in the meantime, I still needed to check over the
site and in the morning, he needed to invite the visitor in for
breakfast and coffee.

“Like hell I will,” he spat, and tore my pamphlet in two.

The shock of it hit me like a bucket of cold water in the face. Sudden,
blinding anger can be like that. It’s a jolt to the system. It snaps us
out of the world we knew and throws us into a new one where the lines
are stark and the edges are sharp and our focus is narrow.

In the distance, something roared. I knew its voice.

Dawn was hours and hours away, but still, the beast was coming.

“What the hell was that?” the man asked, startled. He turned to stare in
the direction of the sound.

“Go back to your tent,” I said urgently. “Stay in there, no matter what
you hear.”

I wish he had. I wish… I wish he’d done anything differently.

Instead… he argued. Well. More like demanded. He wanted to know what
that noise was, if it was some other “prank”. And then the beast roared
again, but closer, and he started to grow more panicked. What was out
there? And I think he was starting to realize that this wasn’t a game,
that this wasn’t a joke, and that the world was much larger than he
thought.

He wasn’t going to go back to his tent. He didn’t even need to say it. I
recognized the terror in him, even if he was trying to hide it with
outrage.

“Fine,” I snapped. “Don’t go to your tent. But we need to get out of
here - fast. Come on. I’ve got a four-wheeler by the road. We’ll go to
the office and work on your partial refund.”

I turned my back to him and began to hurry away. Not quite jogging, but
certainly not a leisurely stroll either. I didn’t look back to see if he
was following. Perhaps if he realized I really would abandon him to his
fate, he’d stop being belligerent.

I wasn’t wrong. He was following. At least, he was until someone stopped
him.

“And where are you going?” a voice said that I did not recognize. “We
have business still.”

They stood somewhere behind me. I hastily turned, stumbling as I did,
and my flashlight beam fell upon the newcomer’s back. They were
perfectly average - average height and average build. I couldn’t
determine their gender. Inhuman things can be difficult like that. It
doesn’t matter to them, after all.

They were blocking the path of the camper. He cast a desperate glance
across the newcomer’s shoulder, trying to meet my gaze. I had no help to
offer him. I didn’t know what this was, either. In the distance, the
beast had gone silent, but I knew it was still coming. I could feel its
presence, like a weight on my chest.

“Aren’t you an ungrateful brute,” the creature continued. “The
campground manager has offered up her hospitality and here you are,
scorning it.”

Oh no. No no no. Hospitality rules. This was the visitor and it was here
because the camper had broken them, first by not inviting it back and
then by being rude to me. But this wasn’t what I wanted, not at all.

“He’s fine!” I called out. “I’m not offended.”

My voice was shaking. At the edge of the campsite, just beyond the
tents, the beast loomed. Its glowing eyes were fixed on us. Like a cat
preparing to strike.

“Whether or not you take offense matters not,” the creature replied, not
turning around, its gaze fixed on the terrified camper. “There are rules
to these things.”

“I’m sorry!” the man replied, his voice shrill. “I shouldn’t have torn
the pamphlet up!”

“An apology? You don’t understand.”

A low rumble split the air. The man turned and saw the beast standing
there, at the edge of the clearing. He screamed. And he ran towards me,
as my nerve broke as well. I turned and ran for the four-wheeler. I
threw myself onto it and with shaking fingers, started the ignition.
Then I turned to look to see how far behind me the camper was. My heart
hammered frantically in my chest. I desperately wanted to flee, to get
as far away from the beast as I could, but I had to give him at least a
slight chance to also escape.

The visitor had him by the throat. It held him up in midair.

“You never insult your host. Never,” it snarled.

The man struggled, kicking helplessly in the creature’s grip. He
coughed, gasping for air, clawing frantically at his captor’s fingers.
And I… I thought, I should run out there. I should beg for the visitor
to release him. Intervene on his behalf. Surely, surely as the host I
had the final say here.

But I remained where I was. It was like I was rooted to my spot, my
fingers frozen on the handlebars of the four-wheeler. For the beast
towered over the pair, blocking out the night sky, its eyes replacing
the stars. I could not move. Transfixed, terrified, at the sight of my
death looming so close at hand.

How did my father do it? How did he go out there, dragging the little
girl by the hair, and throw her to the beast? How did he gather up the
courage to stand against it, all by himself?

Anger does that to a person, I guess. But my reserve of anger was spent
and I was left hollow and afraid.

So I fled. And I heard the beast’s triumphant roar as the visitor threw
the camper to it and I heard his screams as it tore him apart. It
reminded me of the little girl. And I knew that someday that would be
me, for I felt its eyes on me the entire time it devoured that camper,
boring into my back while I fled for the safety of my house.

It is patient. It knows. It knows it is my death.

I’m a campground manager and I have yet another missing camper to hide.
I don’t even have the heart to detail what excuses we’re making. The old
sheriff is being the liaison for us with the police force and I’m
leaving the details largely up to him. At least none of the other
campers woke up, even with the beast right there, ripping their campmate
to shreds mere feet away. I’m not surprised by these things anymore. The
forest has a way of swallowing up the people it wants gone.

I’m glad I have the old sheriff to help. Because I just… I keep thinking
about the beast. How it’s the third creature on this land with the
potential to ascend. And how, perhaps, it is even fated to ascend. Maybe
I can’t avoid it. Maybe it’s always been this way.

Because when I got back to the house, I was in a rage. I stormed into my
bedroom and slammed a fist on the window pane.

“Did I call it?” I screamed at the window and at the little girl weeping
outside it. “Am I the one doing this?”

Yes. She said yes. I am. It’s me.

We’re connected, the beast and I. I think I always knew this. It has our
fear. It is bound to me. All it lacks is my demise.

My parents always said that when this land turned ancient it would no
longer be inhabitable by humankind. Perhaps this is why.

The land will belong to the beast. [x]

The next post.

Read the full list of rules.

Visit the campground’s website.
