I👏hate👏studying👏and👏can’t👏believe👏I👏have👏two👏more👏years👏of👏this👏bullshit.

Anyway I’m scheduling my classes for next semester because finals are
right around the corner.

Grayson found out that I was fired. I didn’t tell him because I was
embarrassed, but I got a text from him asking where I was and I
remembered that he usually walked back to the dorms with me on Thursdays
after my shift. I thought about telling him that my shift was changed,
just to buy myself some time, but then I reminded myself that delaying
awkward conversations only made them worse, not better.

See, I am learning.

(if you’re new, start here, and if you’re totally lost, this might help)

He didn’t reply to my text right away but about half an hour later he
texted to me to say he was downstairs. I guess he figured I could use a
friend to talk to and just came over, which is sweet, but I had to tell
him that this wasn’t something recent and I was really doing okay with
it.

“Do you want your job back?” he asked. “I’m willing to use nepotism to
help my friends.”

By that point, Cassie had excused herself to go hang out in another
room. Apparently she is also shipping me with Grayson. At least it let
Grayson talk freely about his status at the university.

“It’s fine,” I mumbled. “She had a good reason.”

“I don’t think she did. You’re not the kind of person that would do
poorly at a job, aren’t you?”

He sounded angry. I flinched a little and stared guiltily at my feet. It
was my fault that the flickering man was following me, wasn’t it? I’d
gone along with what the laundry lady had proposed and provoked him. So
I really had no one else to blame.

“Sorry,” Grayson said hastily. “Can you just… tell me about it?”

I thought of the creature that had crept into our bedroom. The one that
was stalking Cassie. He’d chased it off. I didn’t know if it was staying
away because of his warning or because of the stone that Cassie kept
under her pillow at night, and I wasn’t going to experiment with
something this dangerous, but this might be a chance to see just how
strong Grayson’s influence was. The monsters on campus take orders from
the flickering man, after all, which means he’s much higher up in the
hierarchy.

Just how far did Grayson’s authority go? And was I willing to put him at
risk by telling him what was happening?

“I want to help,” he said quietly.

Everyone around me has been saying that. After our adventure with Josh
and The Millions, I am starting to think that the best way to survive
until graduation was with the help of other people. Humanity has always
been strong through our ability to work together, after all. Our
innovation and our cooperation. These are the tools that allow us to
combat the creatures reaching for us from the darkness.

I told him. Not everything. The part about the laundry lady remains my
secret. I feel I’d already inadvertently betrayed her to the
administration once so I’d better not do it again. Instead, I told
Grayson how the flickering man has been following me around and my
manager caught sight of him lurking around outside the coffee shop one
day. She was worried for both my safety and that of the other employees
and fired me.

“That’s not fair,” Grayson said quietly when I was done. “I’m going to
talk to my father.”

“No!”

I took a deep breath. I hadn’t intended to shout. But I do not want the
administration to come after my former manager. She’s just trying to do
the best thing she can in a really bad situation.

“I know it’s not fair,” I said hastily, “but I think she knows that
thing isn’t human. There’s not a lot people can do against those things,
you know, other than keep away from them. I don’t want my manager to get
into trouble. Please.”

He was quiet for a moment, staring at the ground. He looked troubled and
I waited patiently for him to resolve whatever inner turmoil he was
struggling with. I had a suspicion I knew what it was. Just like I was
gauging how much was safe to tell him, he was also trying to decide how
much he could reveal to me. We both had our secrets still and I was
finding that didn’t bother me so much anymore.

He’ll tell me if I need to know something. I don’t need to know every
single aspect of his life to trust him.

“Would you mind if I tried to do something about the flickering man
following you?” he finally asked.

“I think he’s dangerous,” I replied quietly. “I don’t want you to put
yourself in danger for me.”

“I promise I’ll be careful. I’m just going to ask some questions. I
won’t bring up your manager, I swear.”

I took a deep breath. He looked so serious and earnest that I wanted to
believe him, but I’d also trusted that Steven could handle himself and
then… then.

What am I doing? I feel like I’m losing my mind here. One minute I want
to reach out and accept the help of my friends because I need their
help, because they want to help, and I can’t keep trying to do
everything myself, right? But then I think about what happened to Steven
and think that everything I’m doing is a mistake, that it’s just going
to end in tragedy, and it’ll be my fault for involving others.

I quickly wiped away tears. Beside me, Grayson hesitated, then put his
arm around my shoulders. It was… nice. I needed that.

“I’m really scared you’ll get hurt,” I whispered.

“I won’t do anything right now,” he said quickly. “How about that? If
you think it’s okay for now, I’ll wait. But Ashley… if you think you
might be in danger… please tell me right away. There really is something
I might be able to do about it.”

“Because you’re the president’s son?”

“Yep. Between this and the free tuition, it has its perks.”

He grinned. I was about to ask about what he knew about the university’s
relationship with the inhuman but I guess he had other things on his
mind at the moment because - and I swear to god I might not reply to the
comments because omfg schoolwork but I do read them and I’m embarrassed
enough already so don’t you all make a big deal out of this - Grayson
kissed me.

I guess we’re dating now. I told Cassie about it, after he’d left, and
she just rolled her eyes and muttered ‘fucking finally’ and that was it.

Things were calm for a little while after that, mostly because I had a
big project due and didn’t get out much. I’m actually kind of proud of
how it turned out. I think I did a good job on it and the devil didn’t
even pop by to ‘help’ with it. Unfortunately, on the day I needed to
turn it in, it was raining. It wasn’t the good kind of rain, either. It
was a heavy rain, under an ominous sky with low clouds that threatened
to stay put for a long time to come. The forecast said it would rain all
evening and throughout the night, stopping sometime in the morning. I
stared miserably out the window at the empty sidewalks, littered with
puddles, while Cassie offered suggestions.

“Can you drop it off first thing in the morning?” she suggested. “Before
he gets into the office?”

“He’s enough of an asshole that I expect he’ll check this evening,” I
said grimly. “Deadline is 7pm today.”

Okay so I might have finished the project at the last minute but I still
think I did a good job on it. Give me my victories here.

Cassie just shrugged helplessly. Then she got up, retrieved the
petrified wood from under her pillow, and shoved it at me. I wordlessly
took it. If I hurried, I could be there and back before it got dark.

“Good luck,” Cassie said.

Which around here actually translates to ‘don’t die’ but we don’t say
that part out loud, generally.

My luck held all the way to the building. I stuffed my paper into his
mailbox and was pleased to discover that I wasn’t the only one who had
waited until the last minute to turn it in. In fact, I’m pretty sure the
majority of the class was turning it in that evening.

But also it was a paper we had to write why could he have just used
digital dropbox instead of demanding printed copies is beyond me I stg
some of these professors.

I really had waited until the last minute to turn it in (I was hoping
the rain would break) so it was late enough that there were hardly any
classes left for the day. Campus was quiet, as no one wanted to go out
in the rain. The lights from the distant dorm windows shone weakly
through the gray haze and the descending darkness. I walked quickly,
clutching my umbrella. I was a little anxious, I admit. My heart was
pounding already and so when I saw someone up ahead, I immediately
assumed the worst.

He was just standing there in the rain. He was older, dressed in a nice
suit, and he stared up at the sky, his neck craned back and his body
unmoving.

I thought about turning around and going a different route, but I also
thought that something about him looked familiar. I crept closer and as
I did, he turned his head to look at me and I realized that I’ve seen
that vacant, distant stare before.

It was Grayson’s dad. The university president.

“We’ve met, haven’t we?” he asked.

“I came for dinner with Grayson,” I replied.

We stared at each other, me clutching my dripping umbrella, him fully
drenched with rain dripping from his fingertips. What was he doing out
here? I covertly pulled out my phone and texted Grayson that I needed
his help right now and to call me.

“I don’t mean to be rude,” I said carefully, “but what are you doing out
in the rain?”

He looked slowly around him, blinking owlishly as if he were just now
noticing his surroundings.

“I suppose… I should go back to the office.”

“How about I walk you there?” I offered. “You can use my umbrella.”

Grayson’s dad isn’t that old but he’s clearly unwell and I’ll be damned
if I leave someone like that out in the rain. I walked closer and held
out my umbrella, hoping he’d take it.

He reached out a hand for it. For a moment, I was hopeful this would all
be easy to resolve, but no, my life isn’t like that.

He grabbed my wrist instead.

“Listen,” he said, his voice urgent. “Listen - I remember you. You need
to leave.”

“What, this spot right now?” I asked, trying to slide my wrist out of
his grip without using too much force. “Or the school? I can’t do that.”

“It’s too late for me,” he continued urgently, his grip tightening on my
wrist. “I made my mistakes. But you? He talks about you. It’s not too
late. You can leave.”

“Grayson? Is it Grayson who talks about me? Your son?”

I mean, that’s not that sinister, right? We’re kind of sort of dating
now so presumably he’d be telling his dad about this girl he likes,
right?

I really hope it’s Grayson chatting about me and not… something else.

I felt something brush against my cheek. I saw a flicker of motion in
the corner of my eye. Then another set of hands clamped onto my wrist
and strong, inhuman, fingers gently pried the umbrella out of my grip.

The flickering man had appeared. He raised the umbrella over his head, a
wry smile on his lean face.

“I’m borrowing this,” he said. “The situation demands a corporeal body.”

Then he turned his attention to the president. Grayson’s father had
shrunk in on himself at the inhuman’s appearance. His eyes had taken on
a glazed look again and he reminded me a little bit of a cow, big and
dumb and waiting for the butcher’s knife.

“You shouldn’t be walking around out here,” the flickering man hissed.
“What if the professors see you?”

He roughly seized the president’s arm. I was backing away, shielding my
phone from the rain, as I’d just hit the button to call Grayson. He
wasn’t answering. I desperately needed him to answer. This was his dad.
I couldn’t let the flickering man do something to his dad.

“That brat isn’t doing a very good job keeping an eye on you, is he?”
the flickering man asked through clenched teeth. “Though I suppose he is
busy right now.”

Oh my god. Hell of a time for Grayson to be in class and not answering
his damn phone.

Meanwhile, the flickering man took the president’s elbow and began to
steer him away from me, in the direction of his office. I could have let
him go like that. I could have gone back to my dorm and hoped that
everything just… worked out. That the flickering man had a vested
interest in keeping the university president safe and alive.

But was that the right thing to do? The moral choice? Could I have
looked Grayson in the eye and told him I abandoned his dad into the
hands of a monster?

Granted it seemed like the flickering man knew Grayson and possibly vice
versa but there was… a lot of hostility in the flickering man’s voice
when he brought up Grayson so I didn’t feel confident leaving Grayson’s
dad with the creature.

So I followed them. It meant that I was walking in the opposite
direction of my dorm, getting soaked by the rain, but I had to make sure
that Grayson’s dad made it back to his office safely. And maybe I could
get a hold of Grayson in that time.

Besides. I could harass everyone’s least favorite inhuman in the
process.

“Who exactly is in charge here, anyway?” I demanded. “The inhumans or
the administration?”

“It’s more of a symbiotic relationship,” the flickering man replied.
“You know what that means, right? You’re in college, you should know
some big words by now.”

I ignored his taunt and asked how he knew Grayson. If Grayson knew him.
He ignored my question.

“Are you seriously going to follow us the whole way there?” he sighed.

“I can’t let you hurt him.”

“Suit yourself,” the inhuman said.

Ominous. I wrapped my fingers around the stone in my pocket and mentally
steeled myself. Just pull it out and swing. That’s all I had to do. The
stone and whatever power it contained would do the rest. But the
flickering man didn’t do anything. He… just walked the president back to
the administration building. He ushered him in through the door, sternly
telling him to go straight to his office. Then, standing under the
landing where it was dry, he shut my umbrella, wrapped it up, and handed
it back to me.

“Go on home,” he said quietly. “I think you know to keep your mouth shut
about what you saw, yes?”

“Sure,” I replied. “Hey, uh… do you think maybe… we could call this
whole grudge off? I know I antagonized you but you were trying to kill
me.”

Look. Y’all have made some good points about the laundry lady perhaps
being the more dangerous of the two. He’s at least keeping the other
inhumans in check and he just politely escorted Grayson’s dad out of the
rain so maybe I’d picked the wrong side initially. Maybe it wasn’t too
late to change things.

The flickering man stared at me for a moment and the usual malice was
gone from his face. It might just be my imagination, for his expression
didn’t change much, but for a moment he looked almost mournful as he
looked down at me.

“I need you dead,” he finally said. “It’s complicated. But if you want
this all to end - come here - I’ll make it quick and painless. I can
concede that much to you.”

He took a step towards me, reaching out with one hand. It felt like my
mind went blank, I felt like I weighed nothing at all, then I was
turning, turning and running out into the rain. Away from him. Away from
him and his polite, civil - horrific - offer of a quick death.

But he followed me. He darted through the rain, as quick as light, and I
felt him brush against my shoulder. It knocked me off balance and I
stumbled through a puddle, the water splashing up to my knees. I
recovered and started running again. My fingers were clenched around the
stone but what could that do, if I had nothing to swing against? He was
everyone and nowhere.

Another touch. This time on my upper arm. It stung and then - it burned.
It hurt. I stumbled, sparing a glance, and saw blood running down my
arm, mixing with the rain covering my skin.

He’d cut me. And as I realized this, I heard his laugh coming from all
around me as he flickered from raindrop to raindrop.

“You should know,” he said quietly in one ear, “that certain conditions
are fulfilled.”

Another bright flash of pain, this time along my calf. I gasped, spun,
and swung with the stone. It connected only with empty air.

“I’m going to kill you,” he said smugly.

His voice was right behind me. I whirled around, the stone raised, and
there was nothing there. Nothing I could fight against. The stone was
useless.

I panicked. I ran. And he swiped at me as I ran through the rain,
laughing, scoring shallow cuts here and there. He sounded amused. I’d
rejected his gracious offer and now I was going to die as he’d promised
all along. My only hope was to reach a building where I could get out of
the rain, but I’d screwed up, I’d run away from the administration
building in a panic, and now I was trapped out here in the green where
everything was further than he would allow me to get.

I stumbled on some water-logged grass and fell. A knee landed in the
small of my back, pressing me down further into the mud and the water.
He was corporeal. I raised my fist.

And he grabbed my arm and held it in place, the stone poised uselessly
in my fingers. The rain was coming down harder and I swallowed both it
and my tears as I gulped for air.

“Not this time,” he said calmly.

He pried the stone out of my hand. His fingers steamed in the cold rain
and the skin shriveled where he touched it, but he ripped it from my
grasp regardless. Then he threw it as hard as he could. I watched
helplessly as it arced through the air and then it was gone.

I could plan and scheme and think ahead but when it came down to it,
when it was just me against the inhuman, the inhuman will win. It always
has.

Then his grip on my arm vanished. The pressure of his knee was gone too.
Disbelieving, I rolled onto my back and stared up at…

The laundry lady.

She stood between me and the flickering man. He was crouching, a look of
incredulity on his face. There was also a red mark across one cheek,
roughly the size of a humanoid hand.

Y’all I think she slapped the shit out of him.

“Are you kidding me!?” he shrieked. “I just want to kill one lousy human
and yet every single thing on this wretched campus seems determined to
make sure I can’t do that!”

“It’s because you’re an ass,” the laundry lady replied calmly. “And we
like it when you’re not able to get what you want.”

“I will ruin you!”

She laughed at him.

“Oh sure, you do that,” she chuckled. “What do I have left to lose? You
took my realm from me already.”

Then she turned her back to him and reached out a hand to me. I took it
nervously. It seemed that the laundry lady was ready to make our
alliance officially known. I guess she’d grown tired of waiting for the
flickering man to slip up and was giving him yet more cause to want me
gone.

“Go home and get yourself into some dry clothing,” she said grimly.
“I’ll make sure he doesn’t follow.”

“But - he can-”

I’ve figured out some of the rules of when he takes corporeal form or
not. If there’s no rain, he takes form. If he’s about to kill someone,
when some condition is filled, he takes form. But could he go back to
the rain and slip past her? I felt his eyes on me, burning like coals.

“Oh please,” she said, flicking a wrist and a dish towel materialized in
her grip. “I’m inhuman too. I’ve got some tricks. Go!”

So I guess she was going to do battle with the flickering man using a
dish towel. I didn’t stick around to watch. I’m sure it was… something.

I ran like hell back to the dorm.

Cassie was startled, to say the least, when I burst through the door,
soaked with rain and my own blood. She stared at me, wide-eyed, and
started fumbling through her belongings in search of the first aid kit
she kept.

“You’re soaked,” she said. “What the hell happened?”

“I lost the stone,” I said, crying. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”

She didn’t say anything about that. She just told me to get some dry
clothing on and she’d take care of the cuts if I just sat still. So I
did as she said and after a while I started to feel warm again, though
the strange numbness that had taken root inside hadn’t abated.

It wasn’t until much later, when I was lying awake in bed because I was
scared to fall asleep, in case something should creep into our room
while we were defenseless without the stone, that I realized something
about what Cassie had said.

Soaked through. That’s it. The laundry lady told me to get into dry
clothing when she sent me off, she wasn’t making small talk to piss off
the flickering man, it was a clue.

I think I know what allows the flickering man to kill someone. He’s
tried twice now without breaking the rules and there is one thing in
common between the attempts.

I’d been out in the rain long enough to be soaked through.

He exists in the rain, after all. And when you’re covered in the
rainwater… only then does he have authority over you.[x]

Keep reading.

Read the current draft of the rules.

Visit the college’s website.
