For the past few days I’ve been dealing with a hole in my home that
doesn’t seem to go away.

I’ve tried all the typical remedies for something like this, not least
of which was replacing the entire section of my kitchen wall that this
hole has made its home.

Lo and behold the hole always finds its way back.

I assume it’s some kind of mold or microscopic plaster eating organism.
I don’t know. I only assume that because it keeps growing so something
must be in the wall.

The worst part is the smell. It’s like the aftertaste of vomit but as an
odor - it’s hard to explain. It follows me everywhere I go in the house.
Hell, it follows me outside the house too, like it’s stuck in my
nostrils.

Anyway, this hole has been a real thorn in my side and I’m trying to
find a way to remove it. Well, I suppose removing a hole isn’t quite the
right phrasing but you get my point.

I wouldn’t normally post something like this but I’ve become desperate.
One of my attempts was calling a pest guy to come see what could be
digging this thing up.

Problem was when he got here I couldn’t for the life of me find where it
was. I spent the better part of an hour pacing the kitchen with the pest
guy just staring at me.

Had to eventually call it off. Bastard still billed me.

No sooner did he leave did the smell hit me again, not that it ever
really left. It hit me like wave of hot air. Of course then it was easy
to find the hole. It had only grown another 6 inches, kinda hard to
miss. How did I miss it?

Since then it’s been steadily getting bigger. Several other times I’ve
called someone in I cannot for the life of me find it. It’s like having
the biggest most severe brain fart. Hell I even forgot why I called one
of them in the first place.

Bills keep stacking up so I’ve had to cut back on these pointless
visits.

I figured that if I can’t replace the wall or get to the bottom of
what’s causing it, I’m just going to have to hide it. Out of sight out
of mind or something like that.

I originally hung a picture frame over it. Picture of me and my friends
at the lake near my house. Friends might be a strong word, mostly all of
them were acquaintances. All except Mike.

The frame was large, large enough to extend 6 inches away from the hole
on every side. Well beyond what was necessary.

I accepted my fate and saw myself to bed. I never acclimated to the
smell like you’d expect with just about any other foul odor. Just
lingered around.

When I woke up I had essentially forgotten about the hole. Sorta blocked
it out of my mind unintentionally. I only remembered its existence when
I noticed the distinct absence of the picture frame I had hung the night
before.

I assumed it fell behind the counter or somewhere else in the kitchen.
Spent 30 minutes looking all over. That picture simply vanished.

The hole did not vanish.

There it was. Staring at me like a misshapen pupil of a dead giant. Had
it gotten larger? It was definitely larger.

I’d gotten it into my head that the picture must have ended up in the
hole somehow but that was impossible. The hole was too small for the
picture to fit, the picture completely covered it.

But that was yesterday.

Today the hole looked more than capable of hiding that picture frame. I
approached. Pulling my shirt up to my nose to mask the smell, it did
nothing, and peered inside.

Darkness. Inky black darkness.

I pulled my phone from my pocket and turned on the flashlight, shining
directly to the maw in the wall.

The light ceased to be. It was like that vanta black paint that absorbs
all light. Nothing shone through.

I was bewildered.

I fumbled around in my kitchen drawer and pulled out an old wooden
spoon. Slowly I stuck the spoon into the hole. Further, further, and
further still. Well past where the wall should have given way to the
other room.

I pulled back the spoon. I paced around the wall to the living room on
the other side.

Nothing.

There was simply no way this hole could go as far back as it did.

As I sat there running through the list of possible conclusions, I
noticed a faint dripping sound. Looking down, I noticed the spoon had a
thin yellow film covering nearly the entire length - oozing into the
floor.

I made my way to the sink in the kitchen, scrubbing at the film. It
wouldn’t go away. It was like the fattiest, oiliest substance to ever
grace the earth. It gummed up my brush, it clung to the spoon, and worst
of all it stuck to my hands.

The water only seemed to spread it around and before I knew it, I was
covered in the stuff up to my elbows.

It felt like I had butter or the grease from a rotisserie chicken all
over me. And it would not come off.

I went through an entire roll of paper towels trying to get this stuff
off of me. No luck. Nothing got it out, it only ever spread it around.

As I paced the kitchen ready to take scrubbing wire to my skin, I
noticed something.

The hole was massive now. And dripping.

That yellow liquid was seeping out of the hole. It looked like it was
drooling.

I flicked my hands instinctively, the way you might after washing your
hands, as I edged closer to the hole.

It was now about 4 feet in diameter. Much more massive than it used to
be.

I stared in bewilderment for what felt like ages before I heard-

A knock.

I jerked my head to the side. Then down to the mess I was covered in. I
continued my futile quest of trying to clean myself as I made my way to
the door.

I peered through the peephole.

It was Mike.

I breathed a sigh of relief, trying and failing to open the door. My
hands were absolutely coated in that greasy, yellow liquid.

Two more knocks. “Adam? I can hear you at the door man open up.”

“Uh, hey Mike. Having a bit of a problem at the moment with the door.
Can you use the spare key? The one under the mat.”

I heard a shuffle and a grunt of effort as Mike bent over. He was a
fairly large guy. Never took very good care of himself.

I heard him unlock the door and click the door open.

“Hey brother, you doing ok? Haven’t heard-“

He stopped short of finishing his sentence when he saw me. “Adam what
are you covered in.”

I looked down at my hands and arms. Probably my face too at this point
had to be covered in this stuff. “I’m sorting out a house maintenance
thing. It’s been a real pain in the ass.”

He covered his nose, “Adam that smells horrible. Did your toilet break?”

“No, no. Come look.” I led him through the hallway toward the kitchen.
Only now realizing the disarray the house was in.

The yellow pus was everywhere. Soaked into the carpet, on the counters,
on the floor. It was between my toes and I could feel it as I walked.

“No man” I heard Mike say, “No. This is disgusting. Is this where you’ve
been these past few weeks?”

Few weeks? “Few weeks? It’s been, what like a day or two. It hasn’t been
weeks.”

“Dude, nobody has heard from you in like 3 weeks. Why do you think I’m
here. You haven’t answered my texts.”

I looked at my hands, “I mean I can’t really use my phone with this
stuff on me.” I said as I showed him my hands, a bit of the pus-like
fluid flicking onto his coat - making him flinch.

“Look, I can show you what’s causing this. It’s been driving me insane,
no matter what I do I can’t seem to get rid of it. It came up in the
kitchen one day and-“

I stopped. The hole was gone. Not even a scar in the wall.

I walked up, placing my hands on the wall, trying to find a seam or
something to prove it was here. “I-I don’t understand it was right here
a second ago.”

“Adam stop you’re smearing that shit all over the wall. What was there?”

“A HOLE!” I looked around frantically, “A big fucking hole. It was right
here. I’m telling you it’s been here for days… or weeks - I don’t know
but it’s been driving me insane. Look at me. Look at the mess it’s
made.”

As I stared in disbelief. I heard something behind me. A sound like
something wet, sucking and smacking.

I turned. The hole wasn’t on the wall anymore. It was on the floor.

Right where Mike was standing.

I stared in muted horror as the sucking, gulping, smacking sounds
continued to emanate from the hole. The stench rose ten fold.

I took a step back, slipping onto the sludge that has now coated nearly
ever surface in my home.

I pushed myself against the cabinets of my kitchen sink. The hole had
grown. It was 6 feet in diameter now, at least.

The noise continued, the sound of someone smacking their lips as they
ate. Until it finally stopped.

The brief silence broken by what can only be described as exaggerated
swallowing.

In a panic I climbed over the kitchen counter and tumbled onto the
floor. Covered completely in this thick mucus, I struggled to get my
footing, let alone grab hold of anything.

I made my way to the door. I desperately tried grabbing the handle but
my hands could find no purchase, sliding off with every attempt.

I tried to take my shirt off to use as a glove, but the mucus had made
it all but impossible to remove.

Panic started to truly settle in. I rushed into the office, fortunately
I left the office door open most of the time, and quickly slammed it
shut.

The liquid is gumming up everything now. It’s in my hair, between my
fingers, around my mouth. It’s even got a bit into the corners of my
eyes, making blinking my eyes harder and harder to do, like it’s sealing
them every time I do. Harder every time.

My hands have become little more than single digit appendages. I’m
writing this now from my office. It’s taken me ages to get everything
written out in my state.

My right eye is shut entirely and my left is little more than a squint.
The pus has gummed up my mouth and nose too. It’s become so hard to
breath. I have to focus just to not suffocate.

I haven’t left my office in days. The windows have been blacked out with
the amount of yellow film that has crusted over them.

Beyond my office door, it sounds like a stomach churning and gurgling.
The stench is unbearable when I do have the luxury of a decent breath.

I’m writing this here in the hopes someone can help me.

Please.
