This might sound crazy, but that’s what led me to discover all of this.

When I felt something was really wrong was when I replied to him and my
phone slipped out of my hand and the screen cracked and stopped working,
the second time was when I replied to him again and my phone slipped out
of my hand and the screen cracked again (this happened just a month
apart); and when I replied him again, a few hours later, after replacing
my cell phone screen again, the phone slipped out of my hand again after
I replied his message, but this time it didn’t break….This was almost
supernatural to me, especially considering I have a certain level of
mediunity and I don’t even believe in these things….or try not to.

I think I should explain how we met so you have a little more context.
This was on a well-known gaming platform (which I used to play on with
my 8-year-old cousin). At the time, I was 21, about to turn 22, and
anyway, most of the adults there were around my age, so I didn’t feel
the need to ask his age (I’m currently 23). This “boy” was charmed by my
voice, and we got close because he also seemed to be an adult, and I’m a
very outgoing person who likes meeting new people around the world.

The only things I had from him during that entire year were selfies
(Snapchat, something I didn’t realize was a red flag since I don’t
usually use it and it’s not popular in my country) and video calls—he
said he’d been banned from all social media. We spent a few months
chatting; he was extremely caring and friendly. We kept talking for
three or four months straight until one day, I received a message from
him talking about something personal that had happened in his family and
that he would have to distance himself, and he sent a message saying he
didn’t want me to think I’d been ghosted. And I’ve always been very
understanding of all his decisions, because honesty was something I was
offering from the beginning and expected to be returned. This person was
away for six months. When he came back, without any warning, he bought
my entire wishlist of games, and in each delivery there was a note about
how he’d been feeling during the time he was away from me and that he’d
spent all those months trying to get better as quickly as possible so he
could come back to me.

Without a doubt, we started talking again, and I was just happy to have
him there with me again. However, he started showing me a side I had
never seen before, especially in his opinions. You know that person who
uses humor in a passive-aggressive way to justify their jokes? Exactly.
That was something that made me extremely uncomfortable, and I
communicated openly about it to try to avoid “fights,” but right after,
he’d use that against me, saying, “I need to be careful not to offend
you,” in the most sarcastic tone possible. We weren’t a couple—there was
never a formal proposal—but we clearly treated each other as one and
made plans as one, this treatment always came from both of us.

Until the events mentioned at the beginning started happening. So I
decided to use a selfie of him, and that was all it took for me to find
out everything, because I used AI to do facial recognition and get the
names of the closest matches. Once that was done, I got a very specific
result. Note: Keep in mind that we met when I was about to turn 22, and
he had never told me his age and he never asked mine, nor had I ever
asked because I thought we were in the same age group, part my mistake,
but on several occasions I mentioned being Gen Z”

After that, all I needed to do was cross the information I had about
him, scour the Internet for a bunch of stuff, and the name I ended up
with as a result of all the information I cross-referenced was
apparently him. And all of this in just three hours.

Now for the most shocking part that left me shaking: this MAN IS 34
YEARS OLD and has such a weird fetish for Asian women that his name is
linked to several adult Asian models on Instagram (something he claimed
he didn’t have). Besides that, he spent almost all of his 20s studying
abroad in Asian countries and places with large Asian populations in the
US. He also used to use photos of Asian girls on his profile while
saying he was taking care of someone in his family. And honestly, being
in a relationship with someone who views an entire ethnic group as a
fetish is something I would never accept in my life.

But the most hypocritical thing of all is that he clearly loves foreign
women, yet this “MAN” supports ICE and didn’t hesitate to tell me
that—someone who would literally be considered a foreigner in his
country. As if that weren’t enough, He also said at one point that he
would hurt me if it would benefit him in any way. He used to say some
really problematic things, where you could tell (and he also showed) he
had a certain superiority complex and a need to feel better than
everyone else because he drives a Tesla… and is a huge fan of Elon Musk,
and a defender of traditional values and the family.

But it didn’t end there; this man ended up spilling the beans that he
had a past with assault and violence against a former partner of his.
Keep in mind that this is the same man who was trying to get me to
travel to another continent and who kept talking about it, and how much
he wanted to meet me in person, that he would pay for the tickets and
all the best of the best.

I spent almost a month reviewing the information amid several anxiety
attacks to make sure I wasn’t making a mistake and pretending everything
was fine. But I found a social media account with a nickname he used on
Discord, and sure enough, it was him in the photo. But I noticed a very
specific detail in the photo: a watch. Then, a few weeks ago, he was at
an F1 event for work and sent a photo holding a glass near those race
cars, and guess what detail was there—yes, exactly the same watch.

I waited for him to get back from his business trip, and as usual, he
was playing video games. Until one night I couldn’t take it anymore and
sent him a text saying how pathetic he was, how could such a successful
man be so miserable in the most basic aspect of his life. And that if he
was really so superior to other people, he should have already learned
never to doubt the intelligence of someone 11 years younger than him,
who could beat him at his own game.

And how I wished he could feel the way I felt… I told him he’d better
delete his cell phone number, his email, the place where he worked, the
city he used to live in, his address, his parents’ address, and his
siblings’ addresses FROM THE INTERNET, because I managed to find all
that out in just 3 hours. And that the next girl he tries to fool might
not be as kind as I am and won’t warn him about how stupid he is—someone
who craves superiority and needs to prove he’s a man all the time.

And that he probably also lied about not being in a relationship because
he’s always traveling for work, and that maybe the real reason is that
no woman with common sense in his country would want to be with him, so
he has to look elsewhere. I didn’t give him the chance to respond; I
just delivered the message and cut him out of my life immediately
because I’d rather keep my peace.

Ladies, if your intuition tells you something’s off or you get that
weird feeling, trust it and get out of that situation as fast as you
can.
