I want to share an experience that I am searching for an explanation
for. A friend of mine was staying in this hunting cabin out in Buffalo,
AL (Lafayette) that was in the middle of a large cow field. To preface
there is a gate to access this property and a huge decrepit barn up near
the gate where everyone that knows this place gets a bad vibe from.
Everyone has refused to explore it.

I pulled into the up to the cabin to see my friend who was living there
at the time when it was still daylight outside, but late in the
afternoon. We were waiting on some more friends to arrive so he showed
me around the place. There were bones everywhere. I found a strange
vertebrae with rib still attached and kept it. I still have it.

There was a guillotine in the back. Also a place to hang your game and
gut it. There was a back porch and a dock that overlooked a big body of
stagnant water. The fence did not keep the cows from coming right up
next to the cabin and they had access to the water.

We took a walk down the bank to check out more of the water and look for
cool rocks. Once we got a ways down from the cabin, we heard a scream
that sounded like it was right in front of the cabin. This scream wasn’t
your typical cow, bobcat, or any kind of bird. Animals that scream like
that typically sound kind of like a woman screaming. This was masculine.
This was deep. But not human. We were mid conversation, took a pause
when we heard it, and continued our conversation like it didn’t happen.
We knew better than to acknowledge it. We walked around some more and
talked about it once we got inside. We both heard it.

As the night went on, the group was drinking and firing shots off the
porch into the water. Having a good time. Towards the end of the night
the same friend and I stepped out on the back porch to smoke while
everyone else was inside. We heard the scream again, but it was louder
this time. Right next to the left side of the porch. We got inside real
fast and told everyone to stay inside for the rest of the night. I
didn’t sleep that night.

My friend has told me of other things he’s experienced during his short
time there. Like being outside at night and seeing something staring at
him through the window from inside. And one night he couldn’t sleep and
found that all the cows had congregated in a circle just out of view
from the porch light. There were hundreds of cows in that field.

The land is historically Creek Indian territory and was later an
antebellum town. The cotton fields that enslaved people worked there are
still cotton fields today. What the fuck is in that field.
