I’ll start off by giving some background as to where I live and the
layout of the place so it’s easier to make sense of the incident.

I am a 19 year old female who lives in India, I won’t say which city but
I am a college student. It’s pretty common here to live in PGs (Paying
Guest), which are nothing but rooms rented out to students, typically
all boys or all girls and are usually connected to the main house of the
person renting it. There’s typically a couple of rooms that share one
common open area and a kitchen.

So the place where I live is basically sort of an independent area
behind our landlord’s house, connected to their side through a metal
gate. There’s two rooms facing each other with a common area in between
with a fridge and a small kitchen. Pretty standard. We also have a
separate main gate, that faces the common area’s wall that is right in
front of the kitchen, so we don’t have to go out through the landlord’s
side every time.

So now that you know the layout I should probably get into the incident
that still keeps me up at night sometimes.

So, we had a mini vacation of sorts for Diwali, an Indian festival and
everyone had gone home, most of my classmates and even the people in the
room in front of me. I didn’t go home as exams were round the corner and
I can never study at home, its just really difficult to focus in all
that hustle bustle and now that it was festival season it would be even
more difficult, I thought i would go a day before the festival and come
back the morning after, Perfect. Studies and festival celebration both
done. Wrong. Cuz nothing went as I had planned that weekend.

I was studying the whole day and had 1 chapter left around 9 pm and
decided i have to finish it today but I needed some caffeine in my
system in order to do that. I had coffee in my room but decided it would
be too much at this hour for my already overactive nervous system so
chai (tea) it was. I got up and went outside into the common area,
turned on the dim yellow lights, they were like mood lighting at max,
nothing except for a faint glimmer but atleast the kitchen had a proper
light bulb. I had put the water and tea on the stove to brew and went
outside the kitchen to get milk from the fridge. You get a clear view of
the main gate leading to the road outside from near the fridge. And to
describe it more, the gate was like a metal slab sitting in the midst of
a two walls in a way that still left about 2 inch gaps at both the sides
between the door and the walls.

As i was taking out the milk from the fridge i hear the door bell ring
and the loud sound freaks me out so much that i almost drop the
container. It was so late and i had no visitors even during the day so i
was a bit taken a back. I called out who it was and a guy replied he was
here for a delivery. I had no delivery and I am pretty sure no one’s
delivering stuff this late. I told him he has the wrong house but kept
insisting he had the right house. He was so confident and sure and kept
telling me to open the gate. I took out my phone, we have cameras near
the main door. I saw a big guy in ragged clothes and shabby hair, the
camera angle didn’t catch his face just the top of his head, he had no
parcel in his hand. I told him that i don’t have any delivery and if he
really is a delivery guy he needs to come back tomorrow cuz i am not
opening the door right now. The guy stopped and didn‘t say anything for
about a minute and then suddenly i see his head peering from the space
between the gate and the wall.

Now cuz Diwali was around the corner, most houses were decorated with
string lights and those casted a faint glow on the road that let me see
his face. A face I will never forget. Bloodshot eyes, that were so wide
open that it looked like they would pop out any moment and a smile
plastered on his face, not welcoming or warm, nothing of that sorts
just, unsettling. His teeth looked rotten even in the faint lighting. A
chill ran through me at his bizzare expression, he looked amused, almost
like he was playing a game and staring right at his prey. Thud. He hit
the metal gate hard. Thud thud thud. He kept hitting the gate, thumping
it, wanting me to open it as he stared directly at me with that chilling
smile plastered on his face. I was almost shaking at this point and
somehow managed to get out of his view but the thumping didn’t stop, it
only kept getting louder. I knew I was all alone, the landlord wasn’t
home either, they have a window in one of their rooms facing towards our
open area and you can usually see faint lighting through the curtains
when they are in there. There had been no lights since 3 days. They
weren’t home.

The thumping kept getting louder and I picked up a knife from the
kitchen and held it close and opened the security camera app on my
phone. I screamed at him to go away, that he can’t open the metal gate
from outside and that i have a knife. The door rattled. I screamed that
there were cameras both inside and outside at the gate, everything was
being recorded and i had dialed the police. Lie. It was only a live
feed, no recording. The thumping stopped, I looked into the camera he
was standing right there, hand still resting on the gate, probably
contemplating if this was worth the risk. I was about to dial the police
for real but suddenly my screen went dark, my phone died.

I could have just gone inside and charged it but I didn’t want to stop
keeping check outside. The gate wasn’t too big, probably less that 6
ft., he could easily climb it and get inside, I could lock myself inside
my room but what if he breaks the door to my room. One hinge had come
out 2 months prior, got it fixed but i didn’t trust the flimsy
construction of this place, also what if he gets into the kitchen and
messes with the gas cylinder, lights the place on fire while I am
inside. I stayed put in the kitchen with the knife clutched between my
hands tightly and inching forward trying to peep at the space he was
staring from, from behind the wall.

Nothing. He was gone, I rushed inside my room, locked the door and
plugged my phone into the charger, was he lurking around somewhere i
couldn’t see him? My phone turned on and I opened the live footage.
Noone was around. I took a huge breath and my knees almost gave up, I
fell on my bed, my heart was beating so hard and my hands started
shaking, his face was burned into my mind, I couldn’t get it out.

I didn’t turn off the lights the whole night and stayed wide awake in
bed the whole night. The window behind my bed is directly in line with
the main gate, faces the road outside. I didn’t dare open the curtains
and peer through it but i kept hearing faint, almost hushed footsteps
all night long.

I went home next morning by the first bus and never stayed back there
when I was all alone. This happened a month ago and still have
nightmares of his face, his smile. I wonder why he wanted to get inside?
If he backed off knowing he was being recorded and i called the police,
that means he was careful not to get caught then why he chose a house
with multiple people in it. Did he know i was here all alone? Thinking
about this still gives me chills.

I found a new place in the same locality, it’s right in front of my
college so I can walk. The landlord lives on the ground floor and rents
3 rooms on the first floor, I’ll move in next week but even there I
probably will never stay back all alone.

Now I always go home during any holidays and will keep doing this
always.
