Content Warning: Implied Abuse, Implied Self Harm

The doorbell rang a little before six thirty. I answered it to see
Carrie in a modest long-sleeved black dress. She smiled at me and
glanced nervously behind me at my mom, who very excitedly walked up to
the door to greet her.

“Hello! You must be Carrie! I’ve heard so much about you.” Mom reached
out her hand. Carrie reached out her hand tentatively and shook hands
with mom.

“Nice to meet you,” she said nervously.

We gathered at the table. My mom had made spaghetti since this had all
been short notice, but assured Carrie that if she had more time, it
would have been something spectacular.

Carrie ate, slowly easing up but never fully letting her guard down. I
picked at my food, enjoying the taste but not looking forward to the
immense pain my break from my full blood diet would cause later. Mom ate
some but was more interested in conversation.

“So, did you have fun at the concert last night?”

“Y—yeah,” Carrie said sheepishly. “It was a good time.”

“I never understood that stuff, but if it makes you happy it makes me
happy.” Mom said, looking down at her plate, not noticing the look of
confusion building on Carrie’s face.

It looked like Carrie was holding back tears. Mom must have noticed,
because she stood up and got on Carrie’s level. “Hey, sweetheart. What’s
wrong.”

“Why are you all so nice to me?” Carrie choked out.

I cannot express what an immensely sad thing it is to see someone you
care about shocked to be treated like a human being. I wondered what
sort of person her father was. He must have made mine look like a saint.

“Why wouldn’t we be? You’re a lovely and polite young woman.” She put a
hand up to her mouth and went in close to Carrie’s ear. The next words
came out as a whisper, but I could hear them clearly. “And between you
and me, that boy over there is enamored with you. I’m beginning to see
why.” She winked. Carrie laughed a little. I blushed and shrunk in my
seat.

“You weren’t at all what I was expecting,” Carrie said, wiping her eyes.

“And what were you expecting?” Mom asked.

“Someone like my dad. You’re way more like my mom.”

“And what’s she like?”

“Kind, understanding, encouraging, just… wonderful.” Carrie looked down
towards the floor. “She was murdered when I was younger.”

I was surprised to hear that. Not just ‘died’, but ‘murdered’.

“I’m so sorry. Alex’s dad has been missing for some time. It’s not the
same, but I know what it feels like to miss someone like that.”

Carrie and mom hit it off great. I’d never seen either of them so happy.
Mom embarrassed me more than a few times with stories of my younger
years, but overall, I was happy. After Carrie left, mom came up to me.

“I can’t say that I’m too happy about you living together before
marriage, but she’s a nice girl. Treat her well, Alex. That woman needs
someone who cares. When I volunteered at the women’s shelter, I met a
lot of girls like her.” Mom had volunteered a lot back when dad was
around. She said it was the duty of every Christian to help others. The
idea of abuse never crossed my mind when I talked with Carrie, but now
it was all I could think about.

I wanted to kill her dad. I wanted to kill Mark. Maybe I could just feed
on all the disgusting people of the world and make it a better place for
everyone. Bill could die too. Then who? I didn’t know the answer to
that. I’m sure I could find someone.

I had my car packed with what few belongings and clothes I had before my
shift, with the intention of moving them in afterwards. As I parked in
that familiar dark parking lot, I inhaled deeply. I was sure that I
would not be ready or whatever insanity awaited me. I hoped that the old
man would not make a move right away.

I had packed something else in that car, placing it inside my glove box.
I took it out and put it in the large pocket of my work vest. It was a
wooden stake, sharpened to a fine point. If that old bastard Renaud was
here, only one of us would be leaving. I wasn’t terribly confident that
it would be me.

I saw that white van parked close to the store, which was off brand from
what I knew about Renaud. What almost escaped my vision was that silver
Honda, parked on the other end of the lot. It was going to be a
difficult night.

I walked into the store, Carrie was waiting for me, having changed into
the shirt I bought for her at the concert along with a long-sleeved
white undershirt. She smiled and waved as I came closer. Something was
different, more pleasant, more relaxed. I felt more relaxed seeing her
but couldn’t let my guard down. Peter and Renaud were both here,
somewhere in the store.

I heard Rachel whistling somewhere deeper in the store. I was going to
need to pay very close attention to that today. Fear made its home
somewhere deep inside my chest, but I put a lock on it, determined to
unpack the emotion once Renaud was dead at my feet and Peter was… what
was I going to do to Peter? The man was trying to prevent people from
dying. Could I really kill him for that? I might not have a choice, I
thought.

“Hey, Carrie! Car’s packed, so I’ll be in today.”

“That’s great!” she said, way more excited than I expected. “I’m looking
forward helping you unpack.”

“Yeah,” that little twinge in my chest which Carrie induced calmed some.
“Me too.”

I was working in the housewares section that night, putting up
microwaves and blenders on the shelf. I heard Rachel whistling, a few
aisles down. I was close. I could respond quickly if I needed to. I
heard footsteps down the hallway on the near side end of the aisle. They
were heavy, dress shoes maybe. Peter. I heard the whistle again, but it
cut short. Shit.

I ran out of the aisle. I felt a woosh of air run past my head. I looked
down the aisle and saw a wooden crossbow bolt sliding against the white
tiles. I turned around. Peter was there, crossbow in hand. I don’t know
how he made it in with that, let alone how he could parade the aisles,
armed and on camera, and get away with it.

My undead heart beat a little faster, pumping blood that wasn’t mine
through my veins in a frenzy. “Blessed arthritis,” Peter said, using
‘blessed’ as a curse. “Sorry, Alex. My aim’s off, but I’ll make it
quick.”

Not now, not now, not now!

I turned the corner. The old man was there, standing in front of Rachel.
He stared down at her. It was like she was in a trance, completely
paralyzed and not at all aware of her surroundings. He threw her on his
shoulder then looked back at me. I heard Peter’s footsteps stop right
behind me. A bolt flew past my ear. Renaud stepped to the side and
caught it.

“Those English dogs at Agincourt had far better aim than you, Lutheran,”
he hissed, the word ‘Lutheran’ sounding like a slur. He leaped onto the
shelf, Rachel still on his shoulder. He then leapt across the tops of
the aisles until he was gone. I felt Peter’s hands on me as he shoved me
to the ground. I turned around in time to grab his wrist as he tried to
plant a stake in my heart.

“Stop!” I pleaded. “He’s getting away!”

“Unless you know where he’s taking her, I’m afraid they’re both long
gone. The most I can do is protect everyone else by killing you. Sorry,
Alex.”

As I started to overpower him, his other hand produced a flashlight. He
turned it on. It glowed that same blue color as the lamp on the pastor’s
desk, burning my skin once more. My strength faded into nothing. Terror
seized me. Rachel was gone. Carrie would wonder what happened to me. Mom
would be all alone.

“I know where he is!” I yelled.

“The seventh commandment says though shalt not bear false witness,”
Peter replied.

“I’m not lying! I’ll show you! Please!”

The light turned off, but the tip of the stake poked at my chest.

“I’m listening. Make it quick.”

My skin started to heal, almost bubbling in reverse as it reformed over
my arm. I stared up at Peter, this kindly grandpa looking man who held
the power of life and death over me.

“When he turned me, he took me to his house. I can bring you there.”

The pressure of the stake on my chest let up. Peter stared at me long
and hard as I looked back up at him in a mixture of terror and
determination. He sighed, then stood up.

“Meet me at midnight tomorrow. Don’t worry about your friend. Renaud’s
old school. I’m sure turning her will be a last resort, if he’s even
figured out how to do it. I imagine you were an accident.”

“We need to get her now!” I protested. The thought of Rachel, alone with
that creep, made me feel sick.

“We need to prepare. If we rush in now, it’ll be the two of us dead and
your friend won’t make it anyway.” With the stake still in his hand, I
was in no way able to protest. “At the church at midnight. See you
then.” He smiled, then turned away. “Also, don’t make me regret letting
you live another night, and don’t think this means I won’t kill you
later.”

I went towards the front end to leave as my shift concluded. I was
staring at the floor, angry at myself for my complete incompetence. I
had guessed that the old man was trying to avoid Peter, which was why
had tried so hard to be discrete in how he tried to abduct Rachel. I had
kept removing his options, and when Peter hunted me down here, it was
now or never for Renaud. In short, it was all my fault.

“Are you okay?” I heard Carrie say. I looked up and saw her standing by
the door.

“Yeah,” I lied. She looked unconvinced but said nothing. “Let’s get
going. I want to get all my stuff in the apartment tonight.”

I hopped in my car and followed her car to the apartment. We got all of
my stuff in fairly quickly. I’ve been sitting on the couch typing all
this. I’ve been distant all day, I’m sure. I think it’s worrying her.
She has this shift off, and I put in a sick day.

I decided to do some research about Carrie’s mother on my phone. She
disappeared after dropping Carrie off at school. They found her in an
alley downtown with two holes on her neck and completely drained of
blood.

As I’m sitting down typing this, I see the light on in the bathroom from
my spot on the couch. I can hear Carrie. It sounds like she’s in pain. I
wonder if I should check on her or if that would be too much. I worry
about her. I can’t begin to know or understand all that she has been
through, but I want to be there for her. I also smell something sweet
and am so very hungry.

At midnight I will meet Peter and end this, but now I’m scared of what I
might do. I feel the hunger seizing me once more. Please God, don’t let
me hurt her.
