I can’t get over this. I needed to tell someone. No one believes me.

My friends and I were invited by my buddy Pax to go on a desert camping
trip, and, as a Western literature nerd, I agreed.

I got my camping gear, fed the dog, and kissed my wife goodbye for the
weekend.

Pax is a sweet guy. He’s always helped all of us out since he’s the most
experienced with camping. I remember one time when we all completely
forgot food while camping in the Appalachian Mountains, and he packed a
ton of hotdogs that we fed off of for the entire trip.

That’s what made this entire shit show so upsetting.

By the time I pulled up to the campsite, it was completely dark out
besides the milky twinkle of the stars above.

It was genuinely a beautiful place. The dirt mingled with the sand and
made a deep, Mars-like red. The large natural structures that littered
the place were long-dead coral from hundreds of thousands of years ago.

Most everyone had already gotten there and was setting up tents and
talking amongst themselves.

I smiled, breathing in the fresh air, and got to work. Another one of my
friends, Jonathon, helped me pitch my huge tent. That earned him a spot
inside along with Achilles.

It was a quick job since no one wanted to be outside for very long. I
think we all headed to bed at around 11:30 p.m.

I distinctly remember lying in my sleeping bag, staring at the
semitranslucent ceiling of the tent, and hearing a coyote, wolf, or some
type of dog howling.

Just as I began to fall asleep, a chip chip chip fwoosh woke me up. This
was accompanied by a bright orange light tearing through the fabric of
my tent and a soft popping and crackling.

“The hell?” I groaned.

I pushed myself up onto my forearm, my fist in a ball. Staring at the
source of the light, I slowly unzipped the flap to the tent.

Someone had lit a fire.

That someone was Pax.

He was sitting on the dirt shirtless in front of it, his elbows resting
face down on his knees and his hands cupped separately, like some
ancient monk who had not moved for many years.

My friend was staring directly into the fire.

“Come on out, young fellow. I can see you.”

His voice rattled out deep and eldritch, as though he had been alive
much longer than any human ever should have.

“Pax…? Man, what are you doing?” I rubbed my eyes, slightly agitated. He
must be pranking me, I thought.

“Tell me, Andrew, have you noticed the sky changing? The water
blackening?”

Pax moved his jaw like a puppet. His eyes remained fixed on the fire.

I did not answer.

I sat just outside the tent, squatted down.

“Do you often think about death? I ponder on him nearly every hour.
Every minute. Every second. Every millisecond. He is, at this moment, an
old friend.”

“Do you strike me as an idiot?” I replied angrily.

To this, he simply stared into the fire.

“A man has lived his entire life in denial of the inevitable. But of
course, like many before him, he meets his end. Instead of peace and
acceptance, he finds fear.

“As he approaches the boat keeper, Death, he places his wages from life
on the table in front of him.

“‘I will not take you, nor your wages,’ Death says.

“The man, in anger and despair, responds as follows. ‘Yonder it lies. Do
not refuse me. You never made yourself apparent to me in life, so you
must bring me down the river as is your duty.’

“The kind Death simply shook his head and responded, ‘I have revealed
myself to you in ways you could never imagine. Your filthy wages mean
nothing to me if not your acknowledgment of my existence. I curse you to
walk the land of the living for eternity. They shall never see you, but
you shall witness every delight that you once enjoyed but will never
again.’

“At this, Death shut the man’s mouth, which he is so good at doing, and
doomed him to his fate.

“Do you see my point, man? You must acknowledge death before he decides
to discard you like the foolish man who never accounted for, nor paid
attention to, death.”

I began to shake. Why was I shaking?

“I am good friends with death,” Pax started again. “I think about him
every hour, every minute, every second, and every millisecond. He is the
inevitable. Will you acknowledge his existence, or will you choose to
stay oblivious?”

“L-look, man, I’m not sure what’s happening here, but it’s gotta stop.
Haha! So funny. Please, just go to bed.”

I began to go back inside my tent, but right as I looked away, I felt a
violent yank on my shirt collar.

I snapped my head back in front of me and found Pax grasping my collar
so tightly that he might have ripped it from sheer might.

His eyes sat empty and desolate, like great glass beads glistening in
the moonlight.

“HEED MY WORDS,” he began to yell with the wrath of a thousand gods.
“THE LOBOS OF THE LAND SERVE HIM, AND THEY WILL NOT SPARE YOU LIKE HE
MIGHT. HEED MY WORDS, YOU MAN OF DILAPIDATED FAITH. EVERY HOUR, EVERY
MINUTE, EVERY SECOND, EVERY MILLISECOND YOU MUST PAY YOUR DUES.”

Wolves and dogs and coyotes began to scream, howl, yip, and gnash as Pax
began to twist my collar even tighter.

“Please, stop!” I tried struggling away from his ironclad grip, but
could not. I was violently shaking and praying that he was not about to
kill me.

He stared directly into my eyes, his breath hot on my face as our noses
almost touched.

“Heed my words,” he spat, and threw me down.

I ran back inside the tent, scrambling to put myself back together.

I woke Achilles and told him all of what had happened, and he told me he
hadn’t heard any coyotes, felt a fire, or seen Pax.

I looked behind me and popped my head outside the tent. There was no
sign that anything had been amiss. The night was quiet and calm. There
was no trace of ash nor fire.

There was no Pax.

Achilles simply told me to get some sleep, so I lay down in my sleeping
bag.

I did not sleep for the entire night.

I went about camping, trying to be as normal as I could after all of
that. It was almost excruciating seeing the normal, kind Pax talk to
everyone as he had before.

The weirdest part about all of this, though, is that ever since I’ve
gotten home, I’ve been hearing coyotes and wolves and dogs howling in
the middle of the night in the suburbia I live in.

My wife can’t hear them.
