Hello, my name is Joseph James Winfree, a 30-year old white man from
Southeast Texas. I am a time traveler.

Firstly, I have no proof. If this post gets deleted then that’s fine.

Secondly, I posted about this 2 years ago on the r/conspiracytheories
subreddit, but the post was labeled a “schizoid art project” and taken
down…

Thirdly, I am posting this after so much time because I had wanted to
move on from it, and live my life. But recent events have made this
impossible.

And fourthly, I did contact the NSA and FBI about this, but I have yet
to receive a response. I will continue to whistleblow this until someone
contacts me.

This is my story:

I was sent back in time to 2022 over 10,000 times. Why? Because I time
travel when I die: I died over 10,000 times.

But this isn’t like the movie Groundhog Day. In that movie, Bill Murray
is sent back in time 1 day into the past with his memories intact:
waking up as if nothing had happened. Because of this, after learning
about events and people around him, he became like a god.

This is not what happened to me. Firstly, I was sent 4 years into the
past: not 1 day. Secondly, I was never allowed to keep my memories. If I
had, I would be a god like in Groundhog Day.

Though remembering what I’m about to talk about this much could earn me
the label of god…

But I’m sure you’re wondering about the title: the universal reset.
Well, like I said, I go back in time whenever I die. Because of this,
the universe is reset 4 years back to the date of February 13th, 2022: a
difference of 2 years since I posted on r/conspiracytheories

It was true that I was sent back in time from the year 2024 to 2022. But
now it’s 2026 to 2022. Why? Well I was still time travelling since 2024:
it’s just I chose to ignore it. Now the latest I’ve lived, as of this
post, is June 15th, 2026. This is true until I die again, though I will
inform you that it’s actually been 4 years since I’ve died in this
current timeline.

So with that said, how and why?

Well you might be annoyed to know that I speak telepathically with the
people who keep killing me. I’ve learned a few things in our
conversations, and throughout my lives.

1.  The known universe is in a firmament: a spacetime bubble. Why? Well,
    if the universe is infinite then it would still be changing with
    time travel. A closed system can be infinitely reverted over and
    over again: and as far as I know, this happens when I die.
2.  How do I know that I time traveled/died? Because I get images and
    memories of myself dying over and over again, and of situations that
    I’ve been in before: not always when I die. Usually I recognize the
    system being the same as a previous timeline once every 10 or 20
    minutes.
3.  Everyone who died between 2022 and 2026 was resurrected, and then
    died the same exact way. People can be resurrected from the
    afterlife with time travel: if not death itself no longer being the
    end.
4.  The entities who did this did this to experiment on humanity. I know
    this because it was hell on earth in 2022: insectoid creatures (“bug
    people”) were raping and killing people everywhere across the
    timelines in 2022. This ended as 2022 ended, though they speak into
    my head to drive me insane. I could also tell how they were mind
    controlling people because of people acting like robots all around
    me. This eventually changed to normalcy by years end.
5.  All of the timelines are the same, with no butterfly effect. New
    things can occur, but it always just ends up the same. We have
    limited free will, but it’s ultimately mind control by higher
    powers. And as far as I know, this is all because of me…
6.  There was no time machine when I time traveled. My mind was sent
    back in time instead, as nauseam. I remember what it was like to
    die. People would constantly try to kill me, and tried to hurt me.
    But I’m sure you’d be happy to know that death was painless for me.

And that’s that. There are other things, but I can’t really think of
anything right now. I’ll answer any questions if you have any.

Thank you for your time.
