After 30 years of service, I have performed a huge number of standard
procedures. For years, I haven’t encountered any anomalies, I have never
seen anything like this in my life. And I need help.

The only way I can explain the turn of events this week is by sharing my
discharge summary with you. Maybe there is a medical professional here
who can help.

I admitted a young patient a few days ago. I was told he/she had
symptoms of a hernia. A routine surgery was scheduled.

In the next few paragraphs , I will transcribe the original discharge
summary for you. The internal department and the colleagues who
performed the surgery with me discarded the postoperative diagnosis due
to “minor disagreements”. So it never made it to the patient, or the
head of the clinic. I saved a copy for myself so I would have something
to catalogue this event. All personal information about the patient has
been redacted.

Discharge Summary and Epicrisis:

Admission: Patient admitted for planned, routine laparoscopic inguinal
hernia surgery under day surgery.

Patient ID: [Redacted]

Medical Record/Protocol Number: [Redacted]

Patient Name: [Redacted]

Date of Birth: [Redacted]

Residential Address: [Redacted]

Date and Time of Admission: [Redacted]

Date and Time of Surgery: [Redacted]

Date and Time of Discharge: [Redacted]

Diagnoses:

Referral Diagnosis: (ICD-10): K40.9

Hernia inguinalis unilateralis

Postoperative Diagnosis (ICD-10): K40.9/Q24.8

Herniorrhaphia laparoscopica.

Megacardia/Organum intraabdominalis incognita

(Successful hernia operation /

Unexplained organ anomaly in the abdominal cavity)

Vital Signs:

Vital Parameters (Patient Monitor): BP 122/80 mmHg, Pulse 68/min (sinus
rhythm), SpO2 99%.

Abdominal and Inguinal Ultrasound (Pre-op): Confirmed hernia measuring 2
cm in diameter

Vital monitors in the OR (ECG and pulse oximetry) display a perfect
sinus rhythm of 68/min and blood pressure of 120/80 mmHg.

Laboratory Findings and ECG:

All parameters within ideal reference ranges. Patient classified as ASA
I (completely healthy patient).

Surgical Report:

Procedure Name: Laparoscopic hernioplasty using the TAPP method (hernia
repair with mesh)

Surgeon: Dr. Phillip [Redacted surname],

Specialist in General Surgery

Anesthesia: General Endotracheal Anesthesia (GETA)

Description of Surgical Procedure:

After establishing pneumoperitoneum (inflation of the abdominal cavity
with gas) and placing a laparoscopic camera through the umbilicus, the
inguinal canal was successfully accessed. The inguinal hernia was
routinely resected and a synthetic mesh was placed.

During inspection of the upper abdomen and checking the lower edge of
the diaphragm, a drastic deviation from natural anatomy was observed.

The lead surgeon describes the following:

Through an opening in the diaphragm, instead of the heart being in its
usual position, an enormous mass of tissue resembling a human heart
about 25 cm in diameter (the size of a basketball) is located in the
abdominal cavity. The anomaly displaces the liver and stomach.

The hypertrophic organ beats with abnormal loudness. Lead surgeon
describes it as rhythmic continuous thunder. The mass was moving
asymmetrically almost mimicking a walking cycle of a human. It had an
unusual odor described as “diluted mucus”. It was moving slightly
towards the camera as if aware of it’s presence. Ribs above the heart
cavity were missing but the patient reported no signs of pain or
discomfort around the abdominal area. Due to the high risk of fatal
hemorrhage, the mass was neither touched nor incised. The abdominal
cavity was irrigated. The patient should’ve been proclaimed deceased if
suffering from a drastic deviation of human anatomy but all vitals post
operation are normal and the patient survived the minor intervention
without issue.

Discharge Status:

The hernia operation proceeded without surgical complications. The
patient is discharged home 6 hours post-procedure in stable condition.

BP at Discharge: 120/80 mmHg

Pulse at Discharge: 70/min

This is the end of the discharge summary.

During the later half of the procedure the assistant surgeon took over
the procedure as I was peacefully dismissed due to “attempting to
experiment on a healthy patient” and even my original discharge summary
was slightly tampered with until finally dismissed.

I was in utter disbelief when I first saw it. It wasn’t the camera that
was playing tricks, everybody else would’ve seen it I can assume..

The anesthesiologist claims there were no anomalies, as does the
assistant surgeon, the medical student on rotation refrained from making
any comment on the event. I have no proof, but I saw it with my two eyes
that have never failed me..never..for 30 years.

I can’t stop thinking about it after hearing that awful thumping. It
felt I was being hit by neverending waves that threatened to throw me
off my feet any second. That awful noise just kept getting louder and
louder. I had a feeling at any moment that thing could jump out of it’s
flesh cocoon and attack me…it felt the camera..it was aware somehow like
a sentient parasite of some kind.

My colleagues have been avoiding me since that incident. No one dares to
ask questions howeve, because of my position as head surgeon close to
retirement. They’re subtly suggesting I see a psychiatrist by passively
asking how I’ve been lately and if everything is okay at home. I feel
like a complete lunatic.

Has anyone ever seen anything like this before?

Medical professionals, please weigh in in the comments, it would really
help my situation.

A note: I have no history of paranoid schizophrenia in my family
lineage. Have never experienced hallucinations of any kind, no history
of dementia, and I have never taken hallucinogenic drugs.
