I’ve been crying for the last few hours. I can still hear my wife
screaming and sobbing in the other room. I have never regretting
something so much in my entire life. I’m making this on an anonymous
account because I don’t want anyone to find out who I am. You’ll see
soon why. This is the only post I’ll ever make with this profile. I wish
I could take it back. The worst part of all of this is that I could have
stopped it from happening. I could have fucking prevented this from
happening. But its too late now. Maybe this will keep you all from
making the same mistake.

​

I’m reminded for some odd reason of the old saying, “Curiosity killed
the cat”. This is what happened.

​

I read this article on this site:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/y6ut1m/spooky_artificial_intelligence_found_to/

​

For those who don’t wanna click and read through it, it’s a simple
clickbait article laying out the possibility that AI can predict the
future with amazing accuracy. According some scientists who work with
that sort of thing, they’ve been asking computers to predict things
regarding certain events. Sometimes it’s about politics, or some result
in a controlled set up. Where will the ball land in a game of Pachinko,
for example. They found that the computer’s AI could accurately predict
the result 99% of the time, or so they allege. I’m not into computer
science all that much, but the article peaked my interest. Wouldn’t that
be cool if it could do that? And if so, it would basically be like a
psychic with scientific and mathematical proof behind it.

​

I somehow got it into my head. I’ve heard a lot about the advancements
being made in AI. It’s so powerful now that AI can generate photos based
on typed up sentences and prompts. There are websites and engines online
where anyone can type something up and get an image spit back at them.
They’re often durpy, but they’ve been getting really good lately. In
fact, an AI computer recently won a recent art contest in Colorado.
they’ve gotten so good:

https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/artificial-intelligence-art-wins-colorado-state-fair-180980703/

I’ve seen ads online for these AI Text-Photo sites like DALE, and
whatnot myself, on sites like Instagram. So, I started to ask myself:
What if you didn’t just ask the AI for the future, but let it show it to
you?

​

Last night, I went onto Dale. It’s free and easily found online for any
of you stupid enough to play around with it:
https://openai.com/dall-e-2/

​

Usually it’s used to generate silly photos from typed up sentences like
“flying pineapples with pearl earrings”. Instead of typing in a sentence
or a descriptive phrase about what I wanted generated, I asked the AI
about my future. I did it as a joke at first. I had read that article
and I figured it bring back some dumb image or something nonsensical.

​

All I typed in was, “Me, my wife, and our 2 year old son’s future”. This
is what I got back:

​

https://imgur.com/a/aDfCcwY

​

I have to use imgur to upload these AI photos apologies, subreddit
rules. As you can see, it was creepy as fuck. I’ve cropped the image to
protect the identity of myself and my wife. It showed our faces and what
looked to be my son, his face turned away, on the road in a pool of his
own blood. But I laughed it off. The faces were similar to us, but we
don’t own a car like that. Besides, the Ai works by selecting from
google images, so that could be any couple. I shuddered but managed to
move past it. I typed in a few other prompts. I forgot about the photo
for a little while.

​

But it kept creeping back into the front of my mind. Finally, I couldn’t
take it anymore. I had to know if it was just a random fluke. I typed in
“Me and my wife getting married” as a prompt. I couldn’t really think of
anything else, but I figured it was vague and amorphous enough to prove
to me that the AI wasn’t some all knowing being. It brought back this
image:

​

https://imgur.com/a/IBHRXSb

​

Again, I’ve cropped it to hide our identities. I’ll say this much right
now, I gasped when I saw it. Our wedding photo is so fucking similar, it
isn’t even funny. I was so shocked I started laughing. Do you ever get
so freaked out you just start laughing for no reason? That was me for a
solid ten minutes. Then that shock turned to confusion. How could the AI
replicate our wedding photo so well!? We had had a Halloween wedding,
which is why my wife was wearing an orange dress. It had the same black
suit I had, everything. The posing was just off, and our faces distorted
because the AI has trouble with proportions. But God, its so similar.

​

May be I should have freaked out. But I honestly had no idea what to do.
What are you supposed to do in that kind of situation? I tried to
explain it rationally. I eventually figured that the AI must be using my
location and then taking photos from google images of my wedding photos
from Facebook. We posted so many online, and a lot of facebook photos
are searchable through google. It didn’t exactly calm me, but it seemed
like a good explanation. I decided that was enough of the site though
for my liking.

​

I wish that it had all stopped there. I wish I had listened to my gut. I
wish I had done something, or told someone. God, I wish it so much. I
did nothing, and went to bed last night like usual.

​

This afternoon, my wife was playing with our son in our front yard. Oh
God. Oh God. I had just gotten back from work.

​

I was sitting on the veranda. My wife turns to me to ask me something
about dinner. My son suddenly runs off into the road. A driver in a red
Honda came down the road. You can guess exactly what happened. I can’t
even type it.

​

30 miles over the speed limit. Some fucking idiot-ass teenager showing
off for his stupid friends.

​

The screaming. The wailing. My son was dead in an instant. And that
fucking AI photo had captured it almost perfectly. I swear to God. It
even got the color of his shirt right.

​

My wife has been utterly inconsolable. She won’t touch me. She just
keeps wailing and screaming for her baby who will never come back.

​

Oh God. I could have done something. It had warned me. But I was too
stupid to listen. I had had a gut feeling all day. But I didn’t even
think of it. I was busy today with work and errands. It slipped my mind.

​

Curiosity killed the cat. I don’t know if knowing would have made a
difference. But I know now that I am tortured by the fact that I got to
see the future and did nothing to change it. It’s my fault. I cannot
even begin to describe the guilt and pain I feel right now. Me and my
wife got back from the hospital an hour ago. I went into our bedroom,
and I’ve been typing this up. May be if all of you read this you’ll
learn from me.

​

For the love of God, don’t go messing with things you don’t understand.
Please. This AI shit is more powerful than any of us realize. And if you
do decide to be stupid and ask about your future, consider that you may
be better off not knowing.

​

I did something as soon as I got home. I went on Dale again. I stared at
the screen for a while and decided to ask it about my future again. I
typed in: “What is my future”. It gave me this image:

​

https://imgur.com/a/XF2IfIj

​

This is the last thing I will ever write. A final good thing for the
world before I leave it.

​

I have it in my hands now.

​

And who am I to keep the future from coming?
