I am sitting in the bathroom right now, trying to process what has
happened, and I guess defaulting to sharing it online is the best I
could come up with. I mean, the scene looks crazy otherwise but once you
hear it, it just clicks, right?

I was living with a roommate before being hospitalized, nice guy really
a classmate, and I dunno why, but after my stay and all the processes I
underwent, I just saw it. I mean, it is no secret that we live in one
fucked up world, right? Evil shit - and I guess I kinda came to realize
that, fuck, skinwalkers, right? I was always assaulted by these images
and figures just out of the corner of my eye growing up, all these
nightmares, and now I have begun to understand them for what they were.

They were an insidious bunch, hideous creatures, but their cruelty for
humankind was only reigned in by their intelligence. Ambush predators,
right? They could mask, even if cracks were obvious once you started to
look - but once you were alone? It could be over before you knew it.
Frail, disgusting vermin.

I became paranoid and started to wall off - and it really was a right
call because for a few first weeks it was calm. I would go about my day,
do my chores, do my things. Sometimes I would spend too much time in the
bathroom trying to, you know - I have these pimpls on my body, and
sometimes it just gets too much. I grab scalp I bought, useful little
thing, and start to dig the flesh out. I patch myself up and go on with
my business, and this is where it must’ve happened.

Maybe it was my friend passing by? He must’ve opened the door and it
snuck in - I am still not sure what they are exactly, but it was now
inside. I began to see the same figure in the dark corners of the
apartment, tall and grinning pale figure. It was drilling through me
with those beady little holes it had for eyes, and it would terrorize
me, it would. Sometimes I would cook, right, just a little fucking
omelet, and I would just notice it charging past in the corner of my
eye. Sometimes I found it turning off lights in rooms, and I AL WAYS
left the fucking lights on, and I just knew it was fucking waiting. I
would peek inside the room, the switch was just there next to the
entrance. I had to drag my fingers through the unknown for only seconds,
but I saw it there, on the bed or behind shelves, peeking out, grinning.

Go outside, right? Fuck you. FUCK. YOU. I tried - shit, maybe his
friends would jump me I thought, but I tried - and I could feel his
sticky breath on the back of my neck whenever I approached the entrance
door. I would press my back against the door itself and try to squeeze
through like a snail - sometimes it worked. What did it matter? It would
always follow and always be there when I came back. Was I marked in that
single moment, was it all that it took?

He loved to not let me sleep. He was always naked, you know? Fat fucking
asshole, folds of skin looking like leather, dark hairs like needles. He
had those sausage fingers and, at night, I would wake up to find him in
the hallway. I slept right in front of it, and when I saw him, he would
always be at the end of the hallway, barely obscured by shadows,
grinning. I left the lights on before bed, you know? He didn’t fucking
care - he grew stronger by night. Ambush predator. He would just stand
there, but if I made any move, he would get closer. He would trade it,
step for step - first time I saw him, I jumped and tried to get up.
Fucker got close then he did, let me tell you what - he did not run,
merely moved fast, wet feet slapping on the floor. He was just near the
bed, staring down at me by the time I stopped moving. Stared me the
whole night down - just as the dawn broke and I saw the light flashing
through the room and into my eyes, he was gone.

I tried talking to him, but it would never work. He did not react to
talking in terms of moving - I tried asking, tried screaming, tried
whatever. Usually he would stand quiet, but sometimes he talked back to
me, repeating words in a voice that was mine yet utterly alien, like it
was a stranger. Do you know how uncomfortable the dissonance is? I don’t
remember which day it was, and how long I was forced to just get by with
sleeping pills and drinking. Scars became, ironically enough, most
consistent way of telling time for me. A tooth I pulled out following an
especially bad night where he did not even show up, and I still did not
sleep - I crushed my toe with a pan and had to remove the pieces of the
nail sticking out - I drank boiling water on accident and swallowed it I
felt the skin expanding on my tongue and throat, bubbling before quickly
coming apart and washing down into pits of my stomach - I brought a
cheese grader and dragged it down and up against my elbows to clean the
pimpls, shaving the skin into sink - the walls that made the blackened
boundaries of my wreckage began to shift and melt. Soon I was spinning
day and night - I would wake up sick and only the sweet embrace of an
avalanche of vomit would save me. I must’ve dozed off, it was all his
fault, and I bit onto glass I was drinking from - it shattered into my
scarred mouth and ripped my lips into pretty little ribbons. The lack of
sleep started to get to me - I began to recall past traumas of childhood
dreams abandoned. I would wear dresses of gold and blue if I could, but
I had to satisfy myself with mere leavings. Sometimes, rarely, maybe, in
half a dream, I would gaze upon myself and almost be happy. Maybe just
one more time, maybe I could finally conquer the cowardice of adulthood.
He was fucking mocking me and I knew it.

They took my guns after the accident, you know, but to hell with it, I
started sleeping with a knife under my pillow - huge fucking thing, I
loved it. Kept it sharp too. I began to dote over it, singing lullabies
until I drooled into the gologtha of my subconscious. I was especially
weak today - I vomited lots after eating, and had to get rid of foreign
flesh upon my neck by freezing it. I was hard but slow and steady flow
of oxygen from those dust cleaners did the job - I wasted a fucking
6-pack to get finished with one side. I almost took a knife to my balls
a second time, lol. Fevers kicked in when I woke up, throat sore and
sweating, sleeping in a fucking ass swamp. He was there but tonight, you
know, tonight he did something different. He meowed. It was the voice of
my cat - I had him as a kid, loved him to bits. I miss him, still do. My
heart, my fucking chest squeezes and collapses whenever I recall - it
was his voice.

It triggered me something bad, you know? I got up and pulled my knife -
he was moving. You know, I tried closing the door before, and he would
just end up inside instead, so this way, there was distance. Fucking
opening into hell - I was tired. I was angry. I remember screaming as I
jumped onto him. He fell down and I began to slam the knife into him. I
dragged the blade across his tight skin, I stabbed at his arms and
chest, and then I began to dig into his face. He was no longer smiling -
there was topography of fear. I had my fill, I drank full of it - the
adrenalin must’ve been crazy because I felt like my head could fly off.
I think I was not in control - drooling and screaming, I recall driving
the blade of the knife into his face. The first time it buried deep
through his frontal plate and through his mouth, even I get pulled back.
I split his upper jaw, and his teeth and meat were running wild.

I love it. He wanted me to kill myself. I love it. He was waiting to
feed on my carcass. I love it. I pulled the knife out with a wet squelch
before going in for the seconds. I pressed dragged the knife across his
cheeks and pulled on the jaw until it ripped away - I did not want to
dull the knife against the skull, so rather, I slashed at his face. I
buried the knife in his neck then and started to dig my fingres into the
warm gore and succulent blood, pulling out the chunks and dragging them
across my head and face until there was nought but gaping hole. Holy
victory, marker of a king.

I could not leave a piece behind, I could not risk it surviving. The
knife run against the neck and through the arteries and I pulled until
the head was off. I opened his torso and pulled the skin away, threw the
yellow grease of sin away until I could get my fingers upon his swollen
innards. I drag them across the floor before starting to stuff my face
fool - I bit on his heart, chunks of teeth and face muscles, slurping on
sinew like it was the finest chow mein. It felt good - or well, at least
until blood began to dry off, that was sticky. I wanted to make sure the
job was done - I covered the pieces of the corpse in oils I had and in
rubbing alcohol and just whatever flammable there was before shoving it
in the oven. He is cooking there still - burning black really - while I
am writing this up in the bathroom. I took a shower, you know? And fuck
me, it felt good - I think I will sleep well. I will crush his cadaver
into ash and dust, and I will eat them, and I will shit him out. It’s a
symbol, not mere doing - maybe this is my craft.

Have you ever considered that this was the truth of it all? Maybe each
of us has such a walker - maybe it is our mission to consume or be
consumed. I am done running - I wish to dance through the forest of
meat, I wish to gaze upon the carnality of men and find it wanting; I
wish to swim through the ocean of blood and be at peace serene. I shall
adorn myself in the blusa of red tendrils and tiara of blackened bones,
to drown them whole in the filth of their wretchedness. Wretches.
Wretchess.

Diabolus ex nihilo. Deus mori voluit. Sum, ergo cogito. Mons super
mortuum. Amor timoris, caro vaga. Caro vaga.
