My mom always said there were two versions of me: the perfect one and
the troubled one. She always hoped the perfect one would shine and I
tried my best to be her version of perfect.

When she died, the troubled version became the only version. I couldn’t
control my sadness. I was a mess without her and there was nobody left
to be perfect for. My dad and I had barely communicated since we lost
her. I had ignored texts from friends and family. I hated everyone and I
missed my mom.

One day when I was riding the bus I noticed I didn’t remember getting on
the bus. I shrugged it off and continued listening to music. The volume
seemed to turn itself down on its own. Everything went blurry and then
black.

I woke up in class and everyone was laughing.

“That was so funny. Only you could come up with that” said my friend
sitting next to me.

I laughed it off but inside I was panicking. What had I said? When did I
get off the bus?

The rest of the day was fairly normal. I didn’t really talk to anyone
but I managed to stay awake for all my classes. As I was walking to the
exit, I felt weird again. My vision blurred and I fell into blackness.

I woke up on the bus again. I didn’t move a muscle until I reached my
stop. I was terrified of blacking out. I felt like part of my day was
just missing. When I went inside I was actually excited to see my dad.
As soon as I saw him, my eyes blurred again and I fell to my knees
before everything went black once again.

The next day was much more erratic in blackouts. I would wake up and
fall asleep every 20 minutes or so. This created chaos being thrown into
conversations and decisions I didn’t remember making. It seemed like
someone else was living part of my life for me.

They were unfortunately better at it than I was. People were thanking me
that I didn’t remember meeting. People were referencing inside jokes I
didn’t remember making. It wasn’t really fair. It seemed like I blacked
out at any opportunity I had to be happy. As a result I was spending
what little time I had being cognizant very angry and upset.

Over time, I started missing full days during blackouts. I was making
life decisions and forming relationships without my own consent. I felt
like my life was being reconstructed by someone else. Someone I hated.
Who could be doing this for me while I’m blacked out and making it look
like it’s me?

When I missed my first full week and came back on a date with a woman I
had never met, I realized what was happening. The perfect version was
taking over. The sad, troubled version will only experience the worst
parts of life until my other half had taken over completely.

If my conscious hours keep dwindling down, I will cease to exist.

I tried explaining it to people.

“You’re not blacking out,” Jessica said. “You’ve just finally started
acting like yourself again.”

My dad actually smiled for the first time since Mom died.

“I’m proud of you, son.”

The words made me sick because he wasn’t talking about me. He was
talking about someone I had never met using my body to slowly push me
out of my own life.

I started leaving notes for myself before bed.

YOU ARE NOT THE REAL ME.

Every morning I would wake up to replies written in my own handwriting.

Neither are you.

One afternoon I found a letter in my backpack. It was addressed to me.
The handwriting was mine.

I know you’re scared.

Mom was right. There were always two of us.

You think I’m stealing your life, but I’ve been carrying it for years.
Every time you froze during a conversation. Every time you were too
afraid to ask someone out. Every time you wanted to disappear. I was
there.

After Mom died, you stopped living.

Someone had to continue on.

I burned the letter and I kicked the ashes around the backyard. I tried
my best to stay in a negative state of mind just to hold onto my
reality. I stayed up as late as I could that night but my eyes started
to get heavy.

My phone woke me up with frantic vibrations under my pillow. I opened my
phone to hundreds of angry text messages and DMs. Friends, family and
people I hadn’t spoken to in years were viciously responding to
something I had texted them. When I read one of the conversations, I was
horrified with the message that had been sent from my phone. It was like
I had set my life on fire in my sleep. While I was happy to be
conscious, I was miserable.

As tears filled my eyes, I noticed a note sitting on my bedside written
in my handwriting.

I ruined your life so you could have it back.
