You is magnificent and I believe in it.

I want to show everyone how to believe in you.

Those are the words etched on the monopoly box I happened upon in my new
apartment. I probably should have been more alarmed, but after hours of
waiting, lifting and driving I was willing to chance my arm at any way
to deflate for the night.

So I called a two recently engaged friends of mine over to my new rather
minimalist apartment of boxes. They arrived around nine o’clock at
night, only because they had to put their children to sleep. I popped
open a bottle of wine which only me and the fiancé, Amy partook in. Then
we opened the dusty sun-stained box.

We were greeted by a pathetic selection of metal ornaments, thimble,
boot and iron. I gravitated towards the thimble, Amy the boot and Dan
was left with the iron.

I was the youngest so I began, I got snake eyes and was thoroughly
mocked by my friends, “even the monocle man is fed up sitting on your
floor!”, the game continued normally for a while we had fun, Amy drank a
touch out of her league so she decided to join up with Dan. Then it was
the thimble vs the oddly assembled boot-iron. I had just about forgot
about the message engraved on the box when Dan and Amy landed on a train
station and suddenly a man yelled out something from far away that
sounded as though he was referring to each of us personally. We each
clambered up Amy holding onto Dan and peeked out of my blinds.

Outside was filled with the sickly led lights and the bland pavement
with not a soul in sight. We had just about debated whether or not
anyone had shouted before a clang came from my kitchen at the other side
of the house. We turned around and saw a black cylinder with a metallic
sheen and a brim around its base, it filled the room with its presence
easily asserting itself. Dan whispered, “what is that thing?”, a blue
circle spiralled around the top of the cylinder and honed towards Dan,
answering in a cold voice of a disappointed parent, “you, I am the you,
you have all heard of me, because when I say you, it’s because I have
existed”.

This left us all feeling a bit more unsure of what this gigantic
monolith which now took up the room was. I asked, “how did you exist?”.
You replied,” i existed at the dawn of language when many creatures
bartered creatively and non linguistically, I was just about done with
these oafs when one came along, he had one eye. And he only said I, so
out of pity and curiosity of my intervention I said my name, you, it’s
been misheard everywhere like someone shouting from a distance”. After
that unusual info dump Amy cried out drunkenly, “why is the you, here,
tonight?”.

You let out a low vibration for two seconds before letting out a little
bit of steam, every time a new monopoly game is to come out, in memory
of my glorious major intervention I come in the form of the most recent
addition to the game, to take an eye from each participant of a random
group of players. You guys are her to witness you because you were
brought by you. Now you will remember you in its glory”.

On saying that a black claw seemed to morph out of the side of the hat
and claw its way through, all of us were too stunned to move and in a
black whirlwind of a slash each of us received a deep abrasive cut to
our left eyes.

Now you will know to fear you as we should’ve.
