Ever since I noticed her she sat alone in the cafeteria, everyday. I’ve
always wondered why, and I guess curiosity got the best out of me. I sat
besides her one day, and she didn’t seem to mind. Since then I sat with
her everyday, she didn’t talk much, but she was nice. I learned that her
name was Lilith, she also loved music, but I could’ve guessed that
earlier based on the fact she was always sitting with her headphones on.

I got a few weird stares since I started talking to her, and my friends
seemed to distance themselves from me a bit, but it was no big deal. I
would’ve asked someone, but I didn’t bother and didn’t want to end up
getting some personal stories to why people dislike her.

After a few months me and Lily got closer, I didn’t really think much
about how people didn’t like her and just assumed that some stupid
rumours got spread, like what happened most of the time. I mean there
was nothing weird about her as far as I knew? She dressed nicely, always
wearing cute pink or white dresses or skirts, her long black hair always
brushed perfectly, sometimes she wore a ribbon in it too. Her house was
also really nice, she had a big house, and her room was decorated with
band posters and posters of idols. The walls of her room were light
pink, and there were stuffed animals and cute dolls laying around
everywhere. I just never saw anyone else home with her, while I wouldn’t
say she lived alone based in the furniture and just how everything
looked. She was also really smart, always helped me with my homework.

After a while of knowing her I did notice she sometimes looked really
tired, a concerning type of tired, and it only seemed to get worse. At
some point I let all my worries about her go, until I was at this party
hosted by a few of my friends. Some random drunk guy came up to me. “Hey
aren’t you friends with that Lily witch?” he asked. “Uh yeah sure, why?
You got a problem with that?” “Haha, you’re definitely ending up like
her dog.” After that interaction the guy wandered off, and I didn’t see
him anymore. I tried to shake it off but couldn’t, what did he mean by
that? Lily didn’t even have a dog. It was such a silly thing to worry
about, but I couldn’t let it go.

My concerns only grew bigger this one day that I went over to her house
to study. I forgot my pen and asked her to borrow one. She told me to
grab it from the left drawer in her desk. I’m not the smartest guy out
there and opened the right one by accident, only to find lots of empty
syringes. I was startled by this finding and quickly slammed the drawer
shut. I grabbed a pen and sat back on the floor with her. She wasn’t
really paying attention but I’m pretty sure she noticed. I hurried with
finishing the work and went home.

I spend that whole day questioning what I saw over at Lily’s house. Was
she sick? She never told me about anything like that. She would’ve told
me right? Was she an addict perhaps? Maybe I shouldn’t overthink this
too, having syringes isn’t that big of a deal right? There’s lots of
reasons for that. Although the fact that people were already acting
weird regarding her raised suspicions I had. Maybe I should just ask
her? I mean she trusts me obviously? She seemed to be really honest with
me, also really attached, she always wanted to hang out and come along
whenever I went out. She even gave me the key to her house so I could
come over whenever I felt like without invitation, and she never seemed
to mind. I still decided to not bring it up, I didn’t want to make her
uncomfortable.

I kept hanging out with her and started suspecting that she was in love
with me, when I found out she had a boyfriend. I was looking over her
shoulder on her phone while she got a message from “Honey🍬💗”, it said
“Hello cutie, are you still free this Friday?”. I immediately yelled out
“You have a boyfriend?!?!” because that was the last thing I expected.
“It’s just a friend haha.” I didn’t believe her, but why would she lie
to me? I couldn’t help but feel a little jealous and I wasn’t sure why.

I decided I would go over to her house on Friday, if she didn’t lie I
could meet this friend, if she did I would call her out for that. I felt
like a creep doing it but proceeded my plan. I wish I hadn’t. When I
entered her house that evening I was met with a pleasant surprise, Lily
was there in the living room, with someone else. Only I’m pretty sure
this someone wasn’t alive, and Lily was eating him. She looked up at me
and I froze, she looked unfazed and kept chewing. My hand reached out to
my pocket, searching for my phone. I didn’t have it on me.

I ran home, which was even more stupid. There I grabbed my phone and
while I was dialling 911 again I froze. I should’ve just alarmed a
neighbour, no? There was someone being murdered, and I didn’t react. I’m
definitely going to seem suspicious, I don’t wanna go to jail. Lily’s
still my friend, should I be doing this? Was I really trying to let such
bad of a crime go unreported? Was I really defending a murderer? As all
these thoughts flooded my head I replayed the scene in my head: the
man’s shocked live-less expression, Lily staring at me with those big
dark puppy eyes, the blood leaking from the corner of her mouth. That
couldn’t have been real right? It was a dark winter evening and life was
already feeling surreal, this made it 100x worse.

I ended up making the worst decision ever: I convinced myself I was
crazy and swore to never tell anyone. I didn’t see or hear from Lilith
for a few months after that, but I’ve been getting letters from her
since a few weeks now, I haven’t dared to open them yet, I don’t want
to. I just want to run away from all this pressure, but I can’t. I also
recently received a message from an unknown number that’s been calling:
“Hi honey <3”. I’ve blocked the caller. I feel watched. I don’t know
what to do anymore but I think I am going crazy, maybe it was all my
imagination and I should admit myself to a mental hospital. Or maybe she
wants me to think like that.
