I bought my house through a foreclosure. Well, it’s less a house and
more of a small cottage. Two storeys, tiny bedroom upstairs, living room
and kitchen downstairs. The yard is overgrown and there’s a sunken root
cellar at the edge of the lot. The house is surrounded by an old and
menacing forest, but I grew up in a similar house by a forest like this
one so it was quite homely to me.

Things were good for a while. The house was sold as is, filled with
things left behind by the previous owner. The old lady’s things were
interesting to go through and try to piece together a whole picture of a
person. I figured she was an old lady because of her clothes. All were
rather dated, a lot of long, heavy skirts and cardigans. She must have
been quite forgetful since all her pockets were filled with random
items. I got a huge glass jar and slowly filled it with nails and nuts
and bolts. Small things that are easy to slip into your pocket and
forget you have them there. She must have been busy with her idle hands
since each piece of her clothing is embroidered with red stitching. Why,
I couldn’t tell you, but it’s very neatly done and not a single collar,
wrist or hem has been missed. I often wear one of her cardigans now, I
don’t think she would mind. I even picked out a bolt to have in the
pocket, because of her.

She had some peculiar hobbies. Her bookshelves are filled with what
you’d expect: classics, literary prize winners and those easy-to-read
paperbacks you can pick up at the grocery store. But spread all over the
living room I found what I imagine is every book she could find on ghost
stories, urban legends, even demonology. She must have been really into
those since each is filled with notes and annotations written in a neat
cursive I can’t quite make sense of. Maybe inspired by the location of
the house, she seems to have really focused on stories involving the
woods and things that are said to live there. I really wish I could read
her writing, because I feel like she has a lot to say, but now it’s no
use to anyone.

Through cleaning the house, I’ve come to feel really close to the
stranger who used to live here before me. She must have been a really
nice old lady. Maybe a bit lonely and scared. She has put three
deadbolts on the front door. You might imagine one would be more than
enough living so remote, but I’ve come to understand her reasoning in
the past few nights, and am seriously considering adding a fourth one.
Just in case. The only reason I haven’t, is because it’s rather
difficult for me to leave the house at the moment.

I do appreciate the fact that she has painted all the windows shut. At
first I thought about opening them up to let that fresh forest air in
and be free of the old and musty scent in the house, but I can’t help
but thank her now. She did not miss even the tiniest window I have ever
seen, hidden in the corner of the tiniest kitchen I have also ever seen.
Her paint job isn’t the neatest and the finish seems rough, like there
was something like sand mixed into the paint. But it’s throughout and
secure. She has done so much work on the house.

I wonder if it all started the same for her. In her room upstairs, the
one I now sleep in, cozy in her bed, listening to the soft sounds of the
house and the woods. Gentle creaks of the boards, rustle of the pines,
the metallic click of the locks against the door frame as something tugs
on the door. The too fast scurry of footsteps around the house,
scratches against the windows, tapping on the roof as the house is
inspected for any opening, any way to get inside.

I feel like I’ve gotten quite close to the old woman who used to live in
my house. And last night I finally met her. Staring at me through the
upstairs window while scratching at the glass, trying to find even a
single opening she might have left for herself.

The worst part is, she must have missed a spot. Because otherwise I
wouldn’t be in here, and she out there. And now I have to find it before
she does.
