Someone brought a camera into work recently; he was likely a homeless
man who found it lying around and figured he could get a pretty penny
for it. For being 10 years old, it was in decent shape. So, we agreed
I’d pay 30 bucks for it.

While taking it apart, I realized the SD card had never been removed. It
didn’t seem out of the ordinary, but it was enough to spark my
curiosity. You see, I’d like to believe that I am the type of guy to
keep my head down and stay out of people’s personal lives, but business
has been slow recently; I have to keep my mind occupied somehow, don’t
I?

One night, I plugged it into my laptop and was quite taken aback by what
I had found. Hundreds, if not thousands, of videos were on this thing.
Not just any videos; they were vlogs…like a diary someone had kept up to
date for the past 6 years.

I clicked on the first clip, like anyone would, and quickly found out
that this camera belonged to a young woman. She didn’t look any older
than 19. She had blonde curly hair, bright green eyes, and a smile that
radiated innocence and kindness. She had a factor that made her
addictive through the screen. It wasn’t just her face or her voice;
there was something else that made it nearly impossible for me to look
away.

For the next three weeks, I would watch her recordings daily. It was
like a TV show that kept you wanting more at the end of every episode.
Every evening I’d close the shop, crack open a beer, and watch for hours
while she talked about her life in medical school, this guy she found
cute, and her hobbies as a painter.

I felt guilty, though. I wouldn’t get home until almost 11 o’clock; by
that time, my wife had already gone to bed. One night she prepared a
nice meal with candles and everything, but by the time I was home,
everything was cold and the candles had burnt out. It was our 10-year
anniversary…oh well.

As I kept watching, things became odd. What started off as innocent
vlogs turned into footage of yelling and screaming. It was like she was
arguing with somebody, except nobody was in the room with her. In one
video she just sat in her dorm filming herself crying for over an hour,
followed by footage of her laughing like nothing had happened. Her smile
seemed a bit different, maybe a bit wider than usual? I couldn’t put my
finger on it. I no longer felt the warmth and innocence I felt before…
it almost seemed forced or performed. But performed for who? It was just
her, alone in her room. But what if it wasn’t? What if she wasn’t alone?

I felt bad; I felt invasive; I felt possessive; but I couldn’t stop. The
videos gradually kept getting darker and more strange. In some of the
footage, she would walk around her dorm covering the mirrors with white
towels. She would also film herself painting. It was the same portrait
of the same person in every video, but with minor tweaks.

There were times I questioned if any of this was even real. There were
times it got disturbing. In one piece of footage, she grabbed her curls
and stretched them behind her head as far as she could before pinning
the skin in place with tacks. My stomach turned as she forcefully
inserted the sharp needles into her head, her hands shaking
aggressively. I questioned whether I should contact the police, or
whether this was all just some sick prank. I kept watching anyway.

At this point, there were now dozens of portraits scattered throughout
her room. I watched while she crawled around, looking through them
frantically, like she was searching for an image that didn’t exist. She
started yelling…I tried to make out what she was saying. Until…

That was it. The video had ended. I tried to click to the next piece of
footage, but that was the last one. I pulled out the card and reinserted
it, hoping it would give me more.

Desperately, I went back to the first video.

My chest tightened so hard I forgot how to breathe. Over time, she
changed. Not in a gradual way. Not in a natural way. Even early on,
there were faint markings on her face…measurements for something. Her
teeth became straighter… too straight… sharper. Her cheeks sunk into her
skull… folding over one another while she forced a smile. I wanted more.
This couldn’t be the end.

I began searching online profiles that matched her image. I would sit
for hours looking through student directories, social media profiles,
and missing persons cases. The blue light of my laptop began burning my
eyes, but I kept going.

I searched for names, numbers, dates, schools—everything. I found
nothing. It started consuming me. I stopped eating; I forgot about my
family; I forgot about my store. I had to find this girl.

I noticed my appearance in the reflection of the shop window—I was
paler, my cheeks were sharper, sinking into my face like hers had. I
could even see blue veins peeking through my forehead. My eyes seemed
deeper into my skull. My body was gray… a familiar gray.

It doesn’t matter.

It was all probably just in my head; I needed to focus on finding her.

I was sitting in my room; I stood the old camera on my desk. The blonde
wig sat awkwardly on my head. Not perfect, but close enough.

“My name is –” I paused for a moment. What was my name again?

I heard a faint call from upstairs; it was my wife. I ignored her.

“Anyway,” I said to the camera. The red recording light blinked almost
like it was in sync with my heartbeat. “Today was my first day of
medical school.”
