I prayed for rain. It was the driest summer on record, but then again so
was the last, and the one before that, too. The uneven, splintered
boards on the floor of the brokedown farmhouse were becoming soft and
polished by the dusty window at which I prayed on my knees. Not to God,
for I was certain He had forgotten us. I prayed to the past. Conjuring
memories of lush moss on the rocks of the creek, which had always run
crystal blue. It used to meander along the sunken edge of the property,
and became lush in the summers of my youth. I remember my father scaling
the large boulders on the periphery of the creek and stripping away the
moss in sheets. We would pile it into a riverside bed, where, beneath
the canopy of the willow, we rested in the hottest part of July
afternoons; the luxurious hours after chores and before cooking. My
father’s knees as my pillow, we would giggle and sing songs of family
and contentment. The morning milk bucket transitioned to my afternoon
toy. I’d fill it with cold water and pour it on the banks, forming
small, artificial tributaries as my father watched, grinning. We would
end the afternoon with an opulent swim in the deep, scarlet pools that
populated the creek. But, as the rains became infrequent, the pools lost
their depth. Now even the wet months only mustered small puddles where I
used to dive head first. Dust and wind had long since rusted holes in
the base of the tin milk bucket, which hadn’t felt fresh water in years.
It hadn’t experienced milk, either, for the cow wilted when my father
could no longer spare what little water the creek still produced. This
year, the water ran out in June. It was now July and I was sweating on
my knees once again, wishing to go back in time, wishing that the rains
would return, along with my father’s 3 tooth smile. 

As the water reserves waned, my chores became as rigorous as they were
senseless. My father began assigning menial tasks, the benefit of which
I could not comprehend. Most of the new chores involved digging holes.
Two shovels lengths in depth, every one, and the shovel was almost as
tall as I was. Digging for water, I supposed at first, but my father’s
precise demands for the placement of the holes followed no logic or
reason. He had never laid a hand on me when the water was plentiful.
Now, however, if I did not produce holes at a satisfactory pace, he
would punish me viciously. His last punishment, which came after he
decided that each hole was to be completed in just three days rather
than five, had left me on the dirt floor of the farmhouse basement, in a
puddle of my own blood. My father had not notified me of the policy
change before the broadside of the shovel collided with my kneecap. As
July ended, I began to suspect my next punishment would be my last. One
less dry mouth to satiate.

My father’s cotton cough appeared in benign, infrequent bursts, but
quickly turned to constant
retching fits. I found it hard to focus on praying when his hacking
echoed through the rotting
walls and even vibrated the floorboards in some instances. He stopped
measuring the holes, and resorted to merely asking me if I had finished
each to the proper specifications. My father was soon bedridden.

As the days combined and weeks began to lumber by, mucus gave way to
blood on his
handkerchief. White silk now resembled the shade of the creek. My father
insisted that I
wash it and I told him I would. However, I decided the handkerchief was
not worth the water. I
scrubbed it with a dry brush, but the color remained. I returned to my
father with an ordinary
cloth. He did not notice the difference. This was the first time, I
remember thinking, that I had
ever knowingly disobeyed the man I once loved. 

It did not take long for me to stop digging all together. My daily tasks
reduced to feeding the despicable man and brushing the dust off his
peeling scalp. I began to make decisions for myself. My allotted daily
water grew to three cups from just one; my father’s remained unchanged.
I stopped speaking to my father, for moans and mumbles were all that he
could muster in response. My loneliness overtook my thirst as the
seasons began to change. I resumed digging. I focused my efforts on a
single hole, deeper and deeper every day. Three, four, five shovel
lengths deep into the basement floor where I had once been beaten. I
spent the mornings digging and the afternoons transporting the loose
earth from the basement to the front porch where I would toss it to the
wind, which howled constantly. The days became shorter, the nights,
colder, and the hole reached ever deeper into the crumbling earth. The
basement provided enough shelter to make the extra work worth it. The
wind whistled throughout the house and my father shivered between bloody
retches.

I stopped digging on the day my shovel collided with steel. At the
bottom of the basement hole,
which now featured a well crafted, winding stairway to the surface, I
uncovered a trap door. It’s
rectangular latch was secured shut with a massive, rusted lock with a
keyhole large enough for
me to stick my finger through. I pressed an ear to the door. The faint
sound of dripping drove
me to swing my shovel at the lock. Over and over again. Each time,
sparks flew from the lock,
momentarily illuminating the base of the dim, dusty hole. The
splintering sound from each steel
collision echoed throughout the house and made my ears ring. I swung the
shovel for hours
before the lock finally cracked. I heaved the trap door. 

At once, a voice solidified from the viscous darkness beyond the door’s
threshold. The wind halted and everything was still as it greeted me,
strong and deep, just like the blackness from which it bellowed. I no
longer heard the dripping, but requested water nonetheless. Before long,
a bucket appeared, filled with fresh water, more transparent than
anything I had sipped from the creek. I consumed it and asked for
another. The voice obliged. Another, and another, I drank until I felt
sick. I thanked the voice, for it had saved my life. The voice assured
me it could grant any wish I could dream of.

Without fail, the bucket returned bearing gifts. Warm loaves of bread
and salted butter. A small
chocolate, a diamond ring, and as many marbles as I asked for. The voice
gave me whatever I
wanted. Perhaps more valuable than any gifts, the voice engaged me in
conversation. I told it
about the creek and the rain and the dust and my father. The voice only
asked questions, but
never answered any I had regarding its origin. This did not bother me,
for I had been granted a
friend. One who was endlessly interested in my life and circumstance.
Soon, the voice became interested in my father as well. I became
annoyed, as the voice’s questions increasingly became focused on my
father. However, I would answer any question if it meant even one more
sip of the crystal water of which it seemed to have an endless supply.
The voice never repeated a question.

One day, the questions became requests. A bloody handkerchief in
exchange for another bucket of water. I obliged and happily consumed the
delicious water to which I was now addicted. Returning to the muddy
sludge that was left at the bottom of our storage barrel was
unthinkable. Another bucket? Another request. This time a lock of grey
hair. I asked why. The voice did not respond. I once again asked the
voice for justification of the request, but the voice remained silent. I
shouted into the darkness on the other side of the trap door, and
received not so much as an echo in reply. Panicked by the prospect of
losing my companion, I rushed up the winding dirt staircase and grabbed
a dull knife from the kitchen. I returned to the hole with a lock of my
dying father’s hair.

The next day, the request was a rotting tooth. My father moaned slightly
as I shoved pliers in his
mouth. An eyelash, a dusty blanket, a toenail, and a wrinkled ring
finger. My routine became
centered around ceremoniously disassembling my father in exchange for
water and other
luxuries. My father did not notice when I dragged him down the winding
dirt staircase into a pit
from which he would never return.
