Hello, I don’t know if this is an appropriate place to post this but I
am getting desperate. I have tried calling my friends and posting this
on other subreddits for help, but my friends aren’t answering and other
subreddits automatically removed my post. I feel like I am going insane
and running out of options. I am contacting the police as soon as I get
done typing this, but I am not sure what they might say because this
situation is absurd. I have never been more scared in my entire life.

I went today shopping with my girlfriend Taylor at Hobby Lobby in
DeKalb, Illinois. Taylor was put in charge of decorating the wedding
reception for her best friend, and she wanted to make floral centerpiece
arrangements for the tables. I went to the bathroom about half an hour
into our shopping trip, and was probably gone for less than ten minutes.
I went looking for her in the same isle she had been in when I left but
couldn’t find her. I figured she just went to look around some more and
I walked the same half of the store up and down. I still didn’t see her,
so I shot her a text asking where she was and she texted back a few
minutes later that she was still in the floral section in the corner of
the store. I went back to the section and still couldn’t find her, so I
texted her again making sure I was in the right area and there wasn’t a
second floral section I didn’t know about.

She sent me back a photo of an isle I had just looked in not even thirty
seconds beforehand. I thought she was just messing with me so I called
her so either she could give me directions or if I could maybe tell if
she was pranking me and was in her car or something. She sounded really
annoyed on the phone, probably thinking I was the one who was messing
with her. I got pretty frustrated, as I already wasn’t happy I was
having to spend my day off at the store. I told her to just meet me by
the front counter when she was ready to check out, thinking I could just
wait out either her shopping spree or whatever game she was getting at.

15 minutes passed and she still hadn’t come up to the counter to check
out. I peeked outside and saw that her car was still in the parking lot
and that she wasn’t in her car messing with me. That’s when she sent me
another text telling me that she was ready to go and had already checked
out. I told her “No you didn’t, I’m literally up front.” She called me
again, clearly upset at me telling me that she doesn’t have time for my
jokes right now and that we needed to hit another store after this. I
told her to just FaceTime me and I’ll track her down. When she did, the
first thing she asked was where I was. I could clearly see that the
background she stood infront of was obviously the same store that we
were in, judging by the ceiling tiles and color of the walls. However,
when I told her to turn the camera around, I felt like I was going to
have a heart attack. From the angle she was pointing the camera, she
should have been no more than five feet from me in the open checkout
area. Yet not only could I not see her, I couldn’t see any of the people
that showed up in the camera. On my screen I could see an entire line of
people waiting to have their items scanned and bagged, but when I looked
up there wasn’t just not a line, there wasn’t even a person at the
checkout line or even a door greeter for that matter.

I’m in the bathroom now. Even on my way back to the other side of the
store I didn’t pass by a single worker, customer, anybody. I had to hang
up on Taylor. I told her I’ll be in the bathroom and I hung up. She
doesn’t believe me, she thinks I’m messing with her and I was too
overstimulated listening to her on the phone. What the hell is going on?
It would have been impossible for her to book it to another hobby lobby
in the time I was in the bathroom the first time, especially because I
had just seen her car in the parking lot just a moment ago. Where is
everyone? Where is Taylor? Where am I?
