I came across a ritual my mom was doing yesterday. I was watching a
movie in my room late on a Tuesday night. After a while, I started
dozing off. I looked at the clock: 2 am. It was pretty late and I was
feeling very sleepy. So I decided to sleep. I took off my headphones and
turned off my computer on the desk. I got into bed and closed my eyes
trying to sleep. But then, I heard a weird noise coming from my parents’
room.

My mom was humming at certain intervals. Although my mom didn’t have a
habit of it, I thought at first this was an ordinary snore. But then
this noise started to get weird: As if she was taking deep and heavy
breaths with her mouth wide open. I started to feel suspicious about the
situation. So I got out of my room and began to walk there. When I
reached the corridor I was able to see my parents’ room a little: The
lights were off. A single candle standing on the floor was illuminating
a specific part of the room.

Because of that, I was able to see a worn pouch on the floor. There were
small holes on it. A colourless, transparent liquid was leaking through
them. This liquid was slowly dripping onto the ground. Tiny puddles of
it could be seen. It was a small knife next to the pouch. The holes were
probably made by this knife.

Not far from the knife, I saw a ragdoll. This was the one my grandmother
had sewn for my mom when she was little. Its long, blue hair had been
torn off. There wasn’t a trace left of it. I could see some holes on it
too. Their sizes varied. But their shapes were nearly the same as the
ones on the pouch. Most of them were filled with an unusual, scarlet
type of cotton. There was a big hole in the middle of its forehead. I
could see one of our family photos there.

Between the pouch and ragdoll, I saw a large Ouija board. My mom was
sitting in front of it. There was a long, black dress on her. It was
covering most of her body. A straight black mask was covering her face.
She was moving the planchette on the board gently. Her other hand was
open. It was turned directly to the board. She was holding her ring with
it.

When I saw this, my heart started to beat so hard. It felt like it was
hitting my chest. I almost couldn’t breathe for a moment. My sweats were
pouring down like a waterfall. They were falling to the ground one after
another. I was frozen there. My eyes were staring at my mom. She didn’t
realize me and continued the ritual. She was still moving the
planchette. I got the first letter it stopped at: J…

But then, she stopped humming. She turned to me all of a sudden. I
couldn’t even see her eyes because of her mask. She stood up and started
to walk toward me. I was breathing so fast. It felt like I was dying.
When she came closer, I stepped back a little. But she took a quick step
and grabbed my right arm violently. My body shook like I was going to
fall. Taking advantage of this situation, she raised me. She held me by
my shoulders with a quick move. I was now side by side with her. My
fingers were trembling. As if they were going to come right off. She was
taking shallow but strong breaths under her mask. I couldn’t tell
exactly at that moment if she looked directly into my eyes. But I felt
like that.

She shouted at the top of her lungs: You are supposed to be in your bed!

I gathered all of my courage and said something to her with a quiet,
raucous tone: What are you doing here?

She lifted her head up. I could see her dress was covering her neck
tighter. Probably she was thinking what she was going to say. Shortly
after, she lowered her head and released my shoulders slightly. She took
off her mask. She removed the dress at a leisurely pace. Her hair was
messed up and soaked with sweat. Her eyes were looking down with sweat
dripping from her eyelashes. The corners of her mouth were turned down.
She still had her pink nightdress. Her left foot was shaking a bit. Like
she was trying to find the appropriate words to explain the situation to
me. In just a moment, she started to talk:

My father died two years ago because of a car crash. His name was James.
She said she was trying to communicate with him by a ritual. She had
learned the instructions from our downstairs neighbor. She was
practicing witchcraft and casting spells for her customers.

It was really strange. She was living one floor below. But I didn’t see
her once. Even when my mother described her look to me she sounded
unfamiliar. I told her she should’ve stayed away from magic. Whatever
her intentions might’ve been. Because it could lead to terrible events
afterwards. I was very serious about it. She nodded her head and said
with a husky tone: Sorry. I made a mistake. She reached out to hug
bowing her head. I caressed her head. As if I was accepting her apology.
She was averting her gaze from me. Her eyes were meanwhile looking
downwards with a weary, tearful look. As if she did something
irrevocable. I decided something at that moment: I was going to visit
that sorcerer woman tomorrow. And make her pay for it!

The very next day, I went to the floor below. I stayed in front of her
door for a while. My heart was pounding. I didn’t know what was waiting
for me behind that door. It could be anything. She could also cast a
spell on me if she realized my intent. I was about to give up. But then
I remembered mom’s pitiful face from yesterday. Besides that, she was
almost finishing a ritual!

So I started to walk through her door by slowly but surely steps. My
fingers were trembling one after another. I was sweating again, just
like yesterday. I was trying to control myself by taking deep breaths.
When I reached that door, I realized how well it worked. I was about to
knock the door as hard as I could. But then I noticed a sign pasted to
the door:

Don’t disturb please.

I touched my face with my steady hands. They weren’t trembling anymore.
Because I understood. It wasn’t possible for me to go in there. Even if
I could make it in there somehow, the consequences were going to be
terrible. I turned my back gently with a disappointed expression on my
face. I started to climb the stairs.

But then the door suddenly opened. A man got out from the house. He took
money from his pocket and handed it over to someone out of my sight. He
said with a loud but shy tone:

“Thank you for the ritual.”

He walked downstairs and disappeared.

The person behind the door stuck her head out. She saw me standing in
the middle of the stairs. She suddenly jumped outside and turned her
long, disturbing face slowly to me.

She had dark, voluminous hair falling all over her faded face like a
rotten apple. Around her gloomy eyes, there was an extreme black face
paint. She had so many face wrinkles. Especially around her mouth. The
same black dress from yesterday was covering her body. Her elbows were
always bent sideways. As if she was trying to reach something. Many
shapeless curves were surrounding her legs. One of them was limping
occasionally.

All of my previous efforts to calm myself down were coming to nothing.
She was softly squinting her eyes. As if she was trying to remember me
from somewhere. The black face paint was becoming much more visible
therefore. Her philtrum was narrowed with the sudden movement of her
lips twisting vertically. Rusty tooth gems could be seen all along her
yellowed teeth. Her lame leg was making her balance much harder. She
pointed her left arm to me with her elbow shaking:

Who are you?

We exchanged glances for a while in a dreary, quiet atmosphere. Then I
pulled myself together and answered her with a shrill, thin tone:

I am a son of the woman from upstairs.

Her eyes gently turned sideways with a widening mouth. She nodded her
head cunningly while she was bringing her arm to its normal position.
Then she raised her head softly and continued staring at my eyes for a
short time. She said something with a loud, high-pitched tone:

Come in, please.

I started to go down the stairs. I certainly wasn’t intending to take
those ungainly, mechanical steps. It was like something was controlling
my movements. I was getting closer to the door. When I was about to go
in, she touched my back unexpectedly. She was running her wrinkled hands
over it. When she was finally moving her hands from my back, she
suddenly pushed me into her house. She slammed the door at once with a
strong move. The door was now closed. She was right in front of me with
a furious expression on her face. She shouted to me with the same tone
as before:

What do you want from me?

I made up a huge, sensible lie as quick as I could. At the same time,
sweats were pouring from my forehead insanely. As if my head was a
riverbed and a tough current had formed in it. I answered her with a
low, nervous voice:

I just wonder about the witchcraft.

She slowly lowered her head and started to think. Her voluminous hair
was touching my sensitive skin. I started to itch. But something in the
house attracted my attention and I totally forgot about it. I was
smelling something fiercely burning. When I was trying to attribute a
meaning to this smell, she raised her head. Her totally dilated black
pupils were turned to me. Her mouth was opened wide and the gems
attached to her teeth could be seen. She had a disturbing, spooky smile
on her face. She said with a shrill, quiet voice:

Would you like me to show you my house?

I nodded my head and began to follow her in a gloomy, narrow corridor.
There were weird masks hanging on the old, worn-out walls. I saw my
mom’s too. As we were getting closer to the other side of the corridor,
I was getting the smell of burning more clearly.

We stopped in front of a small, ordinary door. She reached for a shaky
door handle to open it. But the handle fell down with a strong, metallic
voice. She cursed under her breath and told something without even
looking at my face:

I will get the key of this room. Stay here.

She turned around and started to move away slowly. I decided to sneak
off at that moment. When she was out of my sight, I began to walk to the
door. Her steps were coming from somewhere far away now. So I sped up a
bit. But she stopped. I scanned the corridor as fast as I could to find
a hiding place. I saw a large gap under a desk with drawers not far from
me. Meanwhile she was approaching me quickly. I leaned under the desk. I
saw a picture down there. Its front side was facing down. She had
come in front of the desk at that moment. She couldn’t see me in the
corridor, so started to look for me in the rooms. When she was furthest
from me, I grabbed the picture and ran away to the door. I could hear
meanwhile she was running directly toward me too.

I opened the door with a quick move and slammed it violently. I was
finally outside. I went downstairs with my eyes locked on the picture.
It was a photo when we had gone camping to Oregon. Someone had drawn a
circle around my dad’s face with a ballpoint pen.

I’m still outside and can’t dare to step into my house. That bitch
probably had killed my dad with a goddamn curse!

 
