One weekend back in October I took a spontaneous road trip with some
friends up to Fort Collins, Colorado. Both I and my closest friend David
are originally from there so when I found out he and a few others were
taking a spur of the minute trip up to go see some old friends at CSU I
couldn’t possibly stay behind.

I was getting homesick and the same old sights around Albuquerque were
getting pretty stale. The catch, however, was that I would have to take
my own ride since David’s car, once you accounted all the people plus
luggage, was pretty well at capacity. That’s what happens when you’re
the last to find out about shit I guess. Oh well. It was fine. I never
minded long road trips on my own. I had been previously advised by my
therapist to avoid doing things like driving on my own for more than
four hours, but I felt that if one of my favorite places in the world
was at the end of it all, I could get through just fine. Besides, I was
starting to feel rather stable again.

It was a long drive up but definitely worth the travel. We got to catch
up with some of our old friends, smoke a little weed, and fuck around
downtown for a while. Our buddy Eli, who we had both known since the
third grade, was cool with letting us all crash at he and his roommates
house for the couple nights we were there so nobody had to fret about
spending money on a hotel.

That final morning, David and everyone else started driving back to New
Mexico early while I decided to take advantage of having my own car to
sleep in and go grab pizza with Eli. At about 1 that afternoon I finally
made my getaway. I know I was kinda dragging my ass a bit but I always
liked taking in every moment that I could get. Besides, it’s not like I
was in a huge rush to get back to Albuquerque, even if I did have class
the next day.

“Thanks for coming up, dude! It was cool getting to hang out again!” Eli
said pulling me in for a hug. He patted me on the back. “Hey, text me
when you get to ABQ. It’s fuckin bonkers to be driving across all that
desert by yourself.”

“No worries, man.” I assured him. “I made it here, I’ll make it back.”

He smiled, we fist-bumped, and I was on my way. My first order of
business before leaving FC: getting ahold of some solid caffein.

The first few hours were a breeze. I expected I-25 to be a raging bitch
through Denver but it was surprisingly mellow. It was about the same on
through Colorado Springs… but then around Pueblo is where things got
dicey. The Monster I’d bought back in Fort Collins was inconveniently
kicking in full force by then. I was starting to get antsy. Probably
would’ve been better off if I went without it. My stupid ass.

It was at about this point where I started to very strange. Like my head
had gone numb and time around me was starting to slow. Things were
getting very spinney. Dehydrated, I figured. The next time I stop for
gas it probably wouldn’t be a terrible idea to get some water. Just
breathe and keep it together until then.

Traffic was backed up for miles. Just up the road there had been a pile
up caused by some sort of collision heading south, from what I could
make out it was a horrendous one as well. As I made it past the wreckage
I could see that a semi had slammed into somebody’s car at around 75
mph. There was hardly anything left of the car, same likely went for its
driver. Scrap metal and shattered glass littered the shoulder of the
interstate.

I felt eerily light and rather sick staring at what little remained of
the car. Think the caffein was starting to give me a severe case of the
jitters. Even as I passed the wreckage by about a mile, my eyes kept
obsessively glancing into the rearview mirror until the scene was far
out of sight. The nervous cracks were definitely beginning to form.

Night came almost instantly after I’d gone through Trinidad. Seemed as
if time had completely bypassed the twilight hour. Just one moment the
sun was hanging over the mountains then the next it had gone black.
State line wouldn’t be far now, then only about five hours left on the
road, I was estimating. Thank God, I thought. This trek back was wearing
on me a lot more than I had expected.

My eyes drifted over to the fuel gauge: little less than a quarter of a
tank. Shit… I had completely spaced that. I was starting to panic and
consider my options. Do I just swing back to Trinidad? No, I gotta get
home. No time to waste turning around. The next town won’t be far.

It wouldn’t be for another 15 miles before I saw the yellowy lighting on
the billboard:

“Cheap Gas! Great Snacks! World’s Best Jerky! Swing on in and Fill ’Er
Up at Driscoll’s Service Station - Exit 1-B, Pidgeon Ditch, NM!”

Pidgeon Ditch, huh? Felt like a name that would stand out to me but I
had zero recollection of it from the drive up. Who the hell was elected
to name that town, I thought to myself. The hell with it, the place
could be named “Bumfucksberg” for all I cared. I just needed some gas.
It’s not like any better option was going to present itself.

I took the exit onto the cracked and eroded asphalt, relief starting to
set in.

By the time I pulled into town it was close to midnight. It looked like
something straight out of the Andy Griffith Show. Very pristine 1950s
type architecture. It was all kept up very nicely: not hardly any rot,
grime, or wear on any of the buildings. It was a really interesting and
charming little town, but there was one thing about it that struck me as
a little strange. Not a single car on street, none even parked in the
driveways. It was just still. Lifeless. I started figuring the town was
probably just made up of old folks who’d rather not bother with vehicle
ownership anymore, a pathetic attempt at rationalization.

After a while, I had finally found the Driscoll’s station. 50 cents for
regular, 75 cents for unleaded. “Wow, when they said cheap they weren’t
shittin’!” I said to myself. How could that even be possible in this
century?

I pulled up to the pump and hopped out, pulling my wallet from my back
pocket. As I drew out my credit card, the sound of thunder echoed in the
distance. I turned to see a massive surge of thunderheads accumulating
over the mountains, an electric purple sheet of lightning pulsating
through them. Great, I thought, of course it would storm on me.

I slipped my credit card into the slot and waited. The screen read,
“Card read error. Please see attendant.” All of my hopefulness dropped
in a millisecond. I turned to look at the convenience store. Pitch
black. Of course it would be, it was midnight in the middle of nowhere.
Okay… probably just a bad read, I thought. Just try it again. “Card read
error. Please see attendant.”

“Shit!” I said aloud. The thunder bounded across the sky, closer this
time.

I tried another card, this time my debit. I slid it into the slot and
prayed it went through. All to no avail: “Card read error. Please see
attendant.”

“Fuck!” I exclaimed through my teeth. I wadded up my fist and smacked
the machine. I attempted to talk myself down: “Okay… okay, okay, okay,
just chill. We’re good. Let’s just try the other pumps.” I did so. Every
single pump, using each card.

No luck.

My heart started beating a hundred miles a minute. My car was on fumes
at this point. I wondered do I dare seek out another gas station in
town? Besides sleeping in my car and waiting for an attendant to show up
at the crack of dawn, what other choice do I have?

Thunder cracked, the storm grew closer.

I got in the Taurus and started to navigate towards main street. The
further I went in the more unnerved I got. The place was an absolute
ghost town. Sure it was past midnight but there had to be somebody out
doing something somewhere. No drunks at the bars? No vagrants sleeping
on the park benches? No pimply faced teenagers getting off their late
night shift? Just what the hell is going with this place?

Down at the far end of the street I saw my salvation at last. Dimly lit
but still my final hope sat another Driscoll’s station. Clearly whoever
the Driscolls were they had really cornered the market on service
stations in this town. I pulled in and drove up to one of the pumps.

The wind was picking up. The intense purple flashes of light coursing
through the sky.

I eyed the machine for what felt like several minutes before finally
taking out my card. I inserted it into the slot… and waited. The machine
thought. It beeped then paused for a few moments.

The verdict: “Card read error. Please see attendant.”

I lost it. “God-fucking-dammit!” I cried out. I screamed and kicked and
punched at the diabolical piece of shit metal and plastic rectangle that
was making my life needlessly hard.

The wind howled over me and the large crack of thunder was deafening.

“I just fucking wanna go home!” I shouted. I collapsed to my knees
sobbing. “That’s all I want, is to fucking go home!” I knelt there
crying and cursing for a good solid twenty minutes. I expected someone
to call in a noise complaint eventually but no cop, nor anyone for that
matter, came to check on me.

The storm had picked up and raged on.

When my eyes had finally dried and crusted over from the excess tears, I
looked over to see a diner completely lit from the inside. Was that like
that when I got here, I wondered. Maybe my focus was so honed in on the
gas station that I hadn’t even noticed. I got to my feet and walked over
to it, no sense in moving the car.

I pushed the door open and looked around. Not a soul to be seen or
heard… shocker. Nevertheless, it was still a welcome refuge from the
weather. For some odd reason they were playing some sort of piano music
on the speakers. Like ragtime or something similar. Weird choice given
the whole 50s aesthetic but nothing too unusual, I guess. I looked at
the hostess stand. A sign read in delicately hand-painted text “Please
Seat Yourself!”

I looked up to see back into the kitchen. Nope, no one. Not a clang of a
skillet or sizzling of a frier. Only sound to be heard was the bubbling
of a fresh pot of coffee and the tinny emitting of “plink-plink, plink,
plink-plink, plink, plink-plink-plink, plink.” Well, I thought, might as
well go and sit down.

I thought I’d only been sitting for about five minutes when I looked
back and the clock said it was already 3 a.m. I sank in my seat. I
could’ve been asleep in my dorm by now, I was thinking.

From the corner of my eye I detected some new shape… a dark shape. I
tilted my head a bit further to see what my peripheries were sensing. It
was a man hunched over at the counter with his back to me. A weathered
black bomber jacket was draped over his scrawny frame, a filthy trucker
hat perched crookedly on top of his head. I heard no one come in, not a
sound aside from the coffee pot or the faint music. How long had he been
sitting there? Christ, you’d think I would’ve been excited to finally
see another human being in this place… but his stillness deeply unnerved
me.

Then, with a knowing sense, he turned to me with cold yet placid eyes.
His face was long, leathery, and gaunt. His large, beaklike nose cast a
triangular shadow over his glassy left eye. For a while there was
nothing, he just stared at me… and I back at him. At last he offered me
a nod. I forced a crooked smile and nodded back. Not quite knowing how
to follow it up I glanced around the place and said, “Guess it’s a
little slow tonight, huh?” I wheezed a weak and awkward laugh.

He stared at me for a moment longer, shrugged and then turned back
around. Well, that was at least an attempt at conversation. I was still
too shaken to be discouraged by a little cold shoulder from this
stranger. I turned back in my seat as well and stared out into the
blackness. Every now and again I’d feel compelled to stare at the man’s
reflection in the window, looking like an oil painting. And then there
was just me in the midground; tired, strung out, and helpless.

The longer I stared at myself, the more entrenched I got in my own
thoughts. Is this me now? Will help ever come? Will I ever see my family
or friends ever again? Am I gonna’ die here? Will this weird little town
be my final memory?

Just then it occurred to me, I’ll just call David and he could come up
get me. It’d be a pain in the ass for him to drive up all the way up
from Albuquerque and he’d most likely be a little annoyed but once he
understood the situation, surely he would understand. I dug out my phone
and started to call him. Of course, he would definitely be asleep by now
but if I left him a message he would certainly respond the moment he
heard it. I sat with the phone pressed up against my face… waiting. For
anything.

There wasn’t even a dial tone. Just the fizzing and cracking of static,
like the quiet from an old record player. I looked at my phone: David’s
name was displayed along with the phone’s empty promise “calling…”
underneath it. I held it back up to my ear and for literally any sound.
There was none. I clenched my eyes in panic and frustration. I tried to
breath through it. One shaky breath in… one shaky breath out. And
repeat.

When I opened my eyes I looked to the window. There I was in my booth
trying to make a call. There the man was. Standing. Facing me. Closer…
JESUS CHRIST! HE WAS RIGHT NEXT TO ME! I jolted and turned to face him,
the shock sending my whole body cold for the flash of a moment. I
dropped my phone and it bounced off the seat and onto the floor beneath
the table.

The man didn’t budge at all, he just stared down at me. He held one cup
of coffee in each of his white, veiny hands. He shook his head as he sat
one of the cups in front of me. “Those never work too well out here,” he
croaked. He took his cup and sat down opposite of me. I stared at him
pinned back in my seat, still reeling with shock. I stared down at the
coffee he’d just given me. “Th… thanks, man. But I think I’ve had plenty
of caffein.”

“I figured,” he said. “That’s why it’s decaf. It’s always nice to have a
strong warm drink, to ease your nerves.” I looked down at it still
showing leeriness. No way in hell was I going to drink whatever this
random guy just gave me. He raised his hand. “But you won’t hurt my
feelings none if you decide you don’t want it.” He gave a weary smile
and took a sip of his own. He squinted at me with his sagely eyes.

“Seems like you’re having a rather difficult night, my friend.”

I uttered a dry laugh. “Yeah, sure. Something like that.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.” He reached into his jacket. My defensive
nerves kicked in and I shifted in my seat. He looked at me, at first
puzzled… then amused. He had a plastic packet of something half drawn
from his pocket. “Just wanted to see if you’d like a little jerky. Best
in the world!” he snickered. He took out a generous piece and offered it
to me. I eyeballed it, uncertain.

He nodded and broke off half from the same piece. “Here, I’ll eat mine
first if that makes you feel better.” He popped his half in his mouth
and chewed it grinning, “Best in the world.” I watched then finally
obliged him, taking the other half. I held it partway to my mouth, still
hesitant. I sighed and finally ate it.

He nodded, “Good, ain’t it?” To my surprise it actually was. It tasted
savory and tender, unlike any sort of jerky - or really anything - I’ve
had before. “That is good,” I proclaimed, “very good. Damn, where’d you
get this stuff?” He jerked his thumb back behind him… towards the
Driscoll’s station. “The billboards don’t lie, son.” he said smirking. I
pondered for a moment, then I remembered. “No, I guess not. What’s with
the Driscoll’s here, by the way? I don’t think I’ve ever seen one
anywhere else.”

He shook his head, “You wouldn’t. They’re strictly local.”

“Oh,” I said growing a bit more comfortable with this stranger, “any
particular reason why they don’t like credit cards?” He stared at me
again. He then looked down at the table as if searching for a good
answer. He sighed, “I’m sorry, brother. I’m afraid I’m pretty new to all
this business… or whatever you’d wanna call it.” I raised my brow at
him, “What do you mean?”

“Well,” he sighed, “gotta think of a delicate way to put this. See, I
was sent to help you get outta’ here and where you need to be.”

I frowned. What the hell was he talking about? Who sent him? Triple A?
“I… I don’t understand. You’re saying you’re here to help me get back to
Albuquerque?”

“Aw shit…” He hung his head, “That’s what I was afraid of. You don’t
know what’s going on here, do yah?” I was starting to feel severely
unnerved again. My heart started thumping in my chest so hard it felt
like it was bouncing off my ribcage. I just stared back at him, waiting
for an elaboration. “Alright,” he said, “now before I tell you this I
want you take about three good, deep breathes because this is gonna be a
bit overwhelming.” He held up his hand, “Ready?”

I nodded a bit reluctantly. He raised his hand and drew in a breath,
implying I do the same. I followed his lead, inhaling as deep into my
belly as I possibly could. His hand stopped right next to his face… and
he began lowering it, exhaling. I did the same. As promised we repeated
this exercise twice before he nodded, satisfied. He then crossed his
arms in front of him on the table anchoring himself in place as he
leaned forward, looking me dead in the eyes.

“You’re not where you think you are right now. You’re actually,” he
paused and considered for a moment, “well… essentially you’re dead.” I
sat in stillness, my confused frown sinking even deeper. He continued,
“Your consciousness is here right now but your body’s strapped to a
stretcher in the back of an ambulance on it’s way to a hospital.”

I kept my frown pointed right at him. I don’t think I blinked or broke
eye contact for a solid five minutes. The only response that felt
natural was to just laugh at him. He had to be fucking with me after
all… weird and as morbid of a joke as it was. So that’s what I did, I
laughed. All the while his face remained stern. “Yeah… I know,” he said,
“Sounds a little looney toones, don’t it?” I nodded, “Yeah dude, just a
little looney toones.”

“Well, I’m sorry to tell yah but it’s the truth. And the more time we
piss away chattin’ about it here is more time we lose gettin’ yah out.
I’m tellin’ yah this because we don’t have too much longer.”

“Too much longer before what?” I asked in a sardonic tone. “A plague of
locusts? Raining frogs?”

He looked down and shook his head sadly, “Aw God almighty, you’re gonna
want me to convince you somehow aren’t you?” My smirk disappeared.

“Well,” he went on sitting back in his seat and crossing his arms,
“which should it be, spud? You wanna see a plague of locusts or rainin’
frogs?”

The way he said it was off-putting. I knew he had to have been crazy to
begin with whether he was messing with me or not but… the confidence he
delivered this threat with seemed so sincere that I couldn’t help but
feel he believed he could make it rain frogs by simply snapping his
fingers.

He just sat back awaiting my response with raised eyebrows. “You know,
it’d be one hell of a mess but I could even make it do both if that’d
please yah.” he added. I stared at him, my nerves starting grow weaker
and weaker by the second. I simply had no response. He finally shrugged,
“Alright, what color do you want the frogs to be?”

At that, I jumped straight up from my seat and headed for the door,
leaving him to sit there alone in the booth. I pointed to him with a
shivering finger, “Don’t you fuckin’ follow me, you crazed asshole!” He
just stayed in his seat, a look of mild but unsurprised disappointment
on his face.

Before I was out the door I heard him shout, “That’s fine, guess I’ll
just choose myself.” The words struck me in the back of my head but I
didn’t dare turn to answer, just flew out the door.

There in the lot sat an old tow-truck with “Driscoll’s Towing” painted
elegantly on the driver’s side door. Had to be his. I pondered the
coincidence of the name Driscoll but my feet were insistent on leading
me back to my car. Back to safety.

I got in, slamming the door behind me. I sat there for a few moments
trying to keep myself from hyperventilating. I dug out my keys while
glancing over my shoulder. My nervous and twitching hands failed me as I
attempted to put the keys in the ignition, dropping them on the
floorboard instead. “AH FUCK!” I exclaimed. Without hesitation I dove
into the dark after them; I pawed at the carpet with mad determination.

When my fingers had finally grazed the keys… “THONK!” Something had hit
the hood of my car. I froze. I closed my eyes. A horrifying assumption
was creeping up on me. No, I thought, you’re tired and you’re stressed
the fuck out and you’re imagining things. It’s not what you think it is.
I slowly lifted my head, clutching the keys in my fist. When I opened my
eyes and peered over the steering wheel… I saw the two blinking, beady,
black eyes of a frog staring right back at me. He was electric blue with
black spots. My brain was swimming. It was just a tiny harmless
amphibian but my mind could not handle what was right in front of me.

Just as I was having a hard enough time grappling with the presence of
one frog, “THONK!” Another one of the exact same coloration landed on my
windshield, right in front of my face. “AH… JESUS!” I let out
uncontrollably. Another moment longer, “THONK!” Another frog… followed
by another, and then another, and then another. Christ, save me from the
incredibly stupid thing I’m about to type… it was raining frogs. Reality
as I knew it was folding completely in on itself.

As I sat staring out at the bizarre and unexplainable downpour, a voice
rang out with gravelley enthusiasm from the passenger seat, “I always
liked blue for some reason.” It was him. “Used to have a car that exact
shade,” he gestured to the frogs. I pinned myself back against the door.
He held his hand up, “Now please don’t go runnin’ off again. I’m tired
and as I’ve mentioned before, we’re low on time.”

“Who the fuck are you?!” I demanded, “Are you the Devil or some shit
like that?!” He let loose a cool laugh, “Aw the fuck with the Devil. I
ain’t no goddamned Devil. I’m here to take you across plains… yah
understand?” He clapped his hands together and in an instant the frogs
had all disappeared.

I tried to slow my breathing as I leered at him. “What do you mean by
that?” I asked. Very calmly he elaborated, “I’m transporting you from
the land of the living to your soul’s place of eternal rest. That clear
and purty enough for yah?”

I squinted, “So what, you’re taking me to Heaven?”

“There’s tons of names for it but that suits it fine, if you’d like.
Yes, I’m here to take yah to Heaven.” He was starting to get annoyed.

I looked around still trying to get a grip on everything that was
happening around me. I looked again at the stranger, “How do I know
you’re not something else?” He shrugged, “Well I got no reason to lie to
yah. Death is death, son.” I sized him up again, “And what if I don’t go
with you?”

“You don’t want to do that. Trust me.” he said grimly. “If you just stay
here the darkness will swallow you whole. You’ll be stuck in a state of
eternal misery, lost and lonely, scouring a plain of anger and sadness
until the very end of time. And you can forget about finding a way out.
There’s none. Right now’s the only chance you got. Now let’s please get
us a move on, huh?”

I stared out ahead. I didn’t know what to believe. I couldn’t fathom the
thought of being dead, I just couldn’t. I was just a kid. I’d just
started my freshman year of college. I had so much I wanted to do still.
I wanted to see my friends and family again. I didn’t want to be dead.

I looked at the stranger in my passenger seat, “Hey… I’m sorry, what’s
your name?” He sat back and glared at me as if it should have been
obvious, “Driscoll… c’mon. Hell, I put it up everywhere, figured you
coulda’ made the connection by now.”

“Oh… yeah, shit. My mistake, I guess.” I said, “Well Driscoll, I don’t
suspect there’d be a possible third option here, would there?”

He began to roll his eyes and shake his head at me, “Goddammit, if I’ve
gone over this with one I’ve gone over it with every-damn-body: no, you
cannot come back to life. Highly unadvisable.”

“‘Unadvisable?’” I leaned forward, “As in it can be done?” He stared at
me, caught and somewhat embarrassed, “I did not say that.”

“Whatever it is, I have to at least try,” I insisted.

He immediately countered me, “Ain’t worth the risk.”

“Look, Driscoll, please man!” I was desperate and close to tears again.
“You gotta tell me how to get back. I don’t wanna be dead! I’m only 19!
There’s so much I wanna see and do still! Please, HELP ME!” He narrowed
his eyes at me then turned to stare straight ahead. He sat there mulling
it over for a moment before finally sighing, “Okay… but I’m warnin you,
what I’m about to say is not nearly as easy as it’s gonna sound: If you
really wanna appeal your fate you gotta get outta town. Go back the way
you came.” I stared at him and repeated, “Back the way I came?”

“But the path will be different. Your mind is already on its way out,
therefor your memory will have a very difficult time comprehending
what’s actually what and where it really needs to go. If you can’t find
your way out in time… that’s it. You’re stuck forever.”

I weighed my odds. I looked out at the street and remapped the route I
took to get here in my head. My hands tightened around the wheel. I
nodded, “It’s still my mind. I can get there.”

Driscoll gave me an uncertain look, “That’s been the attitude of most
fellers who didn’t quite make it.”

“But I will.” I put the keys in the ignition and started the engine. I
swung the car back out onto the street, pointed in the direction from
where I had approached earlier. Resigned, Driscoll turned to face me,
“You sure, this is what you wanna do then?”

I looked back at him. A ray of white light shone behind us. He pointed
to it, “It’s not too late.” I looked over my shoulder to see what looked
like a split opening placed perfectly on the horizon, the white light
pouring through in alluring rays. Like the most intense sunrise you
could imagine. I stared into it for a bit longer, wondering if I was
making the right choice. But no, I knew what I had to do. I had to at
least try. I looked at Driscoll and nodded, “This is what I wanna do.”

He gave me a nod, “Best of luck, then.” I cracked a smile at him, “Guess
I’ll see you when I’m older.” He laughed and patted me firmly on the
shoulder. Then he was gone. The light had vanished.

I drove the Taurus down the desolate streets. A neon violet lightning
started to crack and ripple throughout the atmosphere. I kept my
breathing as steady as I could manage. My eyes darted back and forth in
the darkness.

Driscoll was right, the buildings down main street had taken on
different forms. What were once upkept and familiar looking
establishments were now tall, gangly, distorted caricatures of what they
used to be, like something from a surrealists nightmare. They all
stretched up and loomed over me, their frames moaning, creaking, and
snapping as the windows gazed down at me like plate-glass eyes.

I stomped on the accelerator trying desperately to blaze through the
decaying insanity but it was as if it had no end. It was like being on a
treadmill.

I found the turnoff just towards the first Driscoll’s station I’d
encountered. I could see it in the distance, writhing and heaving and
bending down to the rupturing soil like a flower wilting and dying in
suspended animation. It was all too much to behold but I knew now that I
was close to entering the outer reaches of town from where I’d come in.

I clutched the steering wheel in preparation for the upcoming turn. When
I finally got close enough to see where I anticipated it would be… I
found a dead end leading to nothing but pure darkness.

The brakes screeched as I pounded on them with both feet. The car
skidded forward before coming to a complete stop. I rolled down the
window and stuck my head out, making sure what I was seeing was correct.
Oh shit, I thought, what now?

The black inked sky set forth a long forceful groan that echoed over the
twisted, nightmarish landscape like thunder. My confidence was beginning
to crumble. It was still my mind yes, but it was beginning to work
against me.

I set back in my seat and backed the car around. I had to find an
alternate route. Heading back the other way, I scoured for connecting
streets that could possibly serve as a path gearing me back towards
consciousness.

No luck, by this time it was a straight shot in both directions. Leading
to dead ends.

I was beginning to panic again. There was no way out. Everything around
me, that was me, was quickly deteriorating.

A strange feeling began to overtake me. It was growing more and more
apparent that I was never going to make it out of here… and I was angry.
Not just angry, but determined… determined to break out by any means
possible, if I had to bend Heaven and fucking Earth to do it.

I swung the car back around and pointed it towards the east edge of
town, where I knew I came from. The ground quaked beneath me. A mad
whirlwind was beginning to swirl over the disfigured structures.

I looked down at the fuel gauge, the needle just barely touching empty.
I put my focus back on the end of the road, I drew in one final breath…
and stomped on the gas. The engine reeved as the car barreled towards
the black mass of nothing. It was about then I felt myself begin to let
go. Once it picked up top speed and leapt straight ahead into the
darkness… I could feel myself being flung through the windshield.

I never touched down. I just hung in the air in suspended motion. Zero
gravity. Nothing around me but blackness. Nothing more to be heard.

I stayed in this state for what felt like five minutes… before a
blinding light cascaded over me. It was jarring, like staring straight
into an explosion. I winced and turned my head away, the intensity too
much to stand.

Then there was a sound echoing… a high pitched beeping. It was
consistent, almost rhythmic. After a moment or two it started to become
more familiar. It was a heart monitor.

A voice echoed over me, “We have movement!”

I was alive.
