I met my husband thirty years ago. Back then, I felt like my life had
finally found its meaning. We moved pretty quickly compared to normal
relationship standards. Within months we moved in together, got engaged,
and had a baby on the way. I remember thinking to myself at the time
that I was crazy, or just crazy in love. 

Please don’t get me wrong, I love my husband. I find him to be charming,
helpful, intelligent- but he is so different than I thought he would be
originally. In my twenties I used to think of our lives as a whirlwind
romance. He would often surprise me at work with flowers, clean the
house “just because”, or whisk me away on a random getaway for the
weekend just to get more alone time. I had a fear in the back of my head
that I had rose-colored glasses on, but nothing about his behavior when
we were younger alluded to anything nefarious. I could go on and on
about how amazing and one-of-a-kind my husband is, but he does have one
flaw. 

He’s a very restless sleeper. During the first few years of our
relationship, he would keep me up for hours some nights with his
constant tossing and turning. At first I was rather annoyed, but later
it turned to concern. How could he be constantly flipping around and
groaning each night and not feel it in the morning? We tried different
pillows, blankets, sheets- even new mattresses- but nothing seemed to
work. It started as having a few fits throughout the month, but it
gradually grew into every week. Then a few nights every week. On our
one-year anniversary, it was the first time he officially had a sleeping
fit every night for an entire week. And it never stopped. 

However- he never acted tired. Every morning he would wake me up with a
kiss on the forehead and tell me how breakfast was ready in the kitchen
before he scooted off to work. It drove me mad- but again, it was his
one and only “quirk.” What could I do? I had constant bags under my
eyes, my hair was starting to thin (but I associated that with pregnancy
hormones), and I started to be really irritable. After all, it felt like
I was somehow the only victim in these “restless” nights. Even when I
tried sleeping on the couch I could hear him. There was no escape for
me, but I couldn’t even fathom the idea of leaving over this. He clearly
had no control over it, and just looking at him in day-time hours made
my heart swell. 

Years went on, and I finally developed a nightly routine of my own. If I
could make sure I took a Benadryl and fell asleep an hour before my
husband climbed into bed, then I would peacefully sleep throughout the
whole night. I truly felt like I had finally cracked the code and I
thought our relationship was stronger. I was less irritable, and he was
the same. Our kids even would comment on how I looked happier. 

The night of my son’s 10th birthday was the first snag in my routine. I
did all my steps like I usually would; take a Benadryl, shower, wash my
face, apply my cold cream, roll up my hair, change into pajamas, crawl
into bed and lights out. But that night I was pulled from sleep at
nearly 3:30 in the morning to whispers. Nothing coherent, but it was
loud enough to make my skin feel hot. Originally I thought it was my
children, but the allergy medication kept me drowsy enough that I
couldn’t have been bothered. I remember rolling back over and falling
back asleep. 

Looking back, I’m kicking myself that I couldn’t see the pattern repeat
itself. But just like the tossing and turning, a one time event
eventually escalated into a nightly event. It didn’t take me long to
figure out it was my husband, but it did take me a long time to figure
out how. One night in particular I woke so suddenly that I sat straight
up in our bed. I don’t believe I made a sound, but it was like the
whispering was consuming me. I lifted my hands to my eyes to push the
heels of my palms into them and rub slightly. I dropped my hands and
turned my head to the left to look at my undoubtedly sleeping husband,
but my mouth went dry. My husband sat straight up in bed next to me,
eyes firmly closed, his face mere centimeters from mine. Whispering and
grinning. Hushed, low whispers that I couldn’t decipher a single word
from the mumbling. I shot back, nearly tumbling off of the bed. I raised
my hand to my chest, trying to calm my racing heartbeat. I slumped back
down to lay flat again. Then I watched in horror as he jolted backwards
from his original position on the bed. His hand raised to his chest,
just as mine had, before laying back down once more. He never tossed or
turned in his sleep after that night again. 

The next day I swore off the Benadryl. I figured that I must have been
taking it for so long that I was either dependent or now having some
weird psychological reaction? It had to be the reason. Clearly I didn’t
see what I thought I saw. I started seeing a new doctor then. He advised
me to try some more natural methods, as apparently my “aging” liver
didn’t seem like it could handle a benzodiazepine. It was then I started
journaling in a precious leather-bound number my husband gifted me. Just
random thoughts I would dump from my brain each night as if it would
make a difference. 

Falling asleep after that became a challenge. I really couldn’t do it.
The journaling nearly kept me more awake, and all of my entries seemed
so frustrated and angry. I remember tears pricking my eyes as my husband
shuffled into the bedroom an hour after I did and crawling in bed next
to me. I remember the first tear fell when he leaned over to press a
kiss to my temple- just as I knew he’d done every night for years. I was
waiting for the inevitable kicking, turning, and groans- but they never
came. My exhaustion flowed through me like an invitation, and I was able
to fall asleep after my husband for the first time in a decade. 

Like clockwork, I was ripped from my sleep at 3:30 in the morning again.
Except I didn’t hear garbled whispers this time. 

“You’re so beautiful when you sleep.” He whispered. Over and over.
“You’re so beautiful when you sleep… You’re so beautiful when you
sleep…You’re so beautiful when you sleep, Moriah.” I don’t know why I
was afraid- he was complimenting me after all. Right? My glorious, angel
of a husband loved me so much that he was even complimenting me when he
was sleeping. How could I be afraid? Maybe it was the shock from being
awoken, or the fact that I’d never truly heard him say actual words when
he was asleep? Or the fact that the tone of his voice didn’t sound like
my husband, and I wasn’t able to move. 

By the time my kids graduated high school, I had become an alcoholic. I
had to drink over two bottles of wine each night to be able to sleep.
Unfortunately, it also meant I wouldn’t wake up on time either. My
husband seemed so concerned for me that he urged me to quit my job. “The
stress from your shit-hole boss is finally getting to you, Mor. It’s
time to look for something else,” he’d say. I was too tired to correct
him. 

I felt like my kids began to distance themselves from me then. I don’t
even remember if we had paid for them to go to college. Or if they even
went to college. It felt like every waking thought I began to have was
how I would fall asleep that night, how much I love my husband, and when
I would start drinking. 

My body was the next to go. The alcohol clearly took a toll on my
health, but I was too buzzed to care. My husband would still tell me
every single day how I was the only woman for him, and how beautiful I
was. Just how he used to chant how beautiful I was in his sleep too. I’m
not sure what he sees in me anymore. I feel like my body has aged six
times as fast as I actually had. I have more gray hairs than my own
parents combined. I found crows feet at twenty six. My hips started to
lock up every time I would get out of bed. And yet- my husband looks
radiant. To this day, it’s just like the first day I met him. His tanned
skin doesn’t have a single imperfection and his hair is as rich as it
always has been. I really hope our children have more of his genes than
mine. 

I don’t remember when he started whispering new phrases to me at night.
I don’t always like the things he says to me nowadays- they make me feel
really nervous. But there’s nothing I can do anymore. Each night at 3:30
am he will shift his entire body over to me so his head is on my pillow.
I assume so he can whisper directly to me. At first it felt so
intentional, but I knew he had to be asleep. However, I’m always
rendered completely still. I couldn’t raise my hand to brush off an
itchy piece of hair from my cheek. I couldn’t even blink. I don’t think
he believes me when I tell him about it. Sometimes, I think he likes
when I tell him about it- like it’s a game. 

“Your skin is so beautiful…Your skin looks so beautiful on me.” He would
whisper into my ear. Each night I would feel how hot his breath was
against my thinning skin. It felt like my ear drum would vibrate the
same way a drop of water dances across a heated stainless steel pan. The
nausea rolls over me next, and it lingers until the morning. And then
I’m frozen in time- all I can do is listen. I used to think that it felt
like my body was eating itself from the inside out. Like hot pins and
needles raked through each of my organs each night, just after he would
whisper into my ear. The wine must have really started to affect me
then. 

I’m constantly sick now. The ulcers in my stomach hurt nearly as much as
the ones in my throat. Every time I take a sip of my “sleep-aid” I can
feel it burn. My doctor has been begging me to go sober, but he doesn’t
believe me that I need it to sleep. He’s a doctor- doesn’t he understand
how important sleep is? How an adult woman needs at least 7-9 hours a
night to be able to function? I think I am sleeping at night, at least.
But it’s really hard to tell. Sometimes it feels like my body just turns
off after my husband whispers to me. Like my heart stops each night to
just restart when he gets out of bed in the morning.

Each night I’d lay in bed and wait for my husband to join me an hour
later- just like that silly routine I used to have. My appointments with
my doctor started to roll around more often as new problems arose. I
remember the first time I went in because my vision started to blur. Or
when my joints started to creak more and more. I’m glad I couldn’t see
the concern on his face, because I didn’t like to see it. Every test
showed that I should have been healthy as a horse. My blood pressure was
normal, I was never low on a single vitamin or mineral, I had never even
been captured by the common cold. He couldn’t tell me why my 37 year old
reflection was that of an elderly woman. Why my hands trembled every
time I would uncork the next bottle. Why my lips started to crack and
never quite heal again. 

I think our 28th wedding anniversary is when I stopped caring. I didn’t
see my doctor after that. I remember how he spewed nonsense to me that
my husband was behind this. What a silly doctor- he didn’t care that I
wasn’t sleeping but had the gall to accuse my husband of something
malicious? I didn’t bother any further. I decided to keep journaling in
bed though. I had to switch to my phone- I can’t hold a pen now. 

I don’t leave our bed anymore. I can’t remember the last time our sheets
have been changed or the pillows fluffed. I’m pretty sure I have an open
sore down my spine that fused our once green sheets to the skin on my
back. It doesn’t hurt if I don’t move, so I don’t anymore even when I’m
awake. I lay in bed as my husband gets up to go to work. I stay there
all day- staring at the ceiling while occasionally taking swigs from any
bottle beside me. It doesn’t matter when I spill down the side of my
cheek, as the stains my skin has already left on the sheets match any
red wine addition. I’m so thankful I lost my sense of smell a few months
ago.

My skin has started to sag from my bones. I don’t think I’m losing
weight, but my body feels like it’s drifting into a miasmic puddle that
is fusing to the sheets. My hair is completely gone now. It lays in
knotted arrangements around my head across the deflated pillow. I think
it’s probably a good thing that I can’t move anymore sometimes, as I
don’t think I would want to see my reflection in a mirror. I don’t
remember needing to use the bathroom anymore, but I can’t feel if I have
in this bed or not. My husband has never complained about my state. Each
night he kisses my forehead, although that has grown painful in recent
weeks. Sometimes it feels like he’s biting me- or my skin has pulled so
far away from my nonexistent muscle tissue that it’s pressure into my
nerve endings. I can’t raise my hands past my chest anymore. Luckily I
can raise them just enough to be able to use my phone. It would be so
miserable to not be able to journal like this. That’s all I do now,
though. As my elbows have locked and I can’t risk laying my arms down to
my sides. I’m not positive I can lift them back up again. 

Nevertheless, each night and day I lay right here until my amazing
husband crawls into bed. And I lay here while he eventually stirs to his
side and scoots over to me, before whispering a new compliment into my
ear. 

“Tick Tock, my love. The best years of my life have always been yours.”
He breathed against the shell of my ear last night. I would have smiled
if I could move my lips. 

Tomorrow is my 50th birthday. I feel like I wasted my life away trying
to get some sleep. My phone is so heavy in my hands as I try to type
this. Every press on the screen feels like my bone is going to finally
pierce through my transparent fingertips. My husband is lying next to me
currently- he is so handsome when he’s asleep. Just like the day I met
him. He must be having such a nice dream tonight, because his whispers
currently sound like soft laughter. It’s 3:29 am, and he just rolled
over. Tonight his eyes look to be open- which is new. I can’t fully see
him- it’s so dark and my vision has grown so cloudy. He is fully
laughing now- his head now next to mine on the pillow. 

I’m finally feeling tired. For the first time in so long. I can’t wait
to see what he’s got for my birthday tomorrow. I can feel my body
stiffening all over again, and the phone is starting to slip from my
bony fingers.

“Sleep Tight, Moriah.”
