I like the quiet, rainy nights the most. On those nights, there’s this
wonderful atmosphere to the house, and I don’t know exactly what to call
it, but it sorta makes me feel at peace. Not too long ago, while reading
one of those clickbait articles, I came across the word: Chrysalism. It
describes the tranquility that you feel while sitting inside during a
thunderstorm. Chrysalism. What a beautiful word for a beautiful
sensation. It’s the only word I have to describe that indescribable
sense of comfort I get while sitting in my kitchen, wrapped in a nice
warm hoodie and drinking a cup of hot chocolate with Star curled up at
my feet. Although I guess the whole experience isn’t quite as much fun
for Star, who despite being a big tough bulldog, regards the rain with
nothing less than complete and total terror.

​

Every time she hears the pitter patter of water against the glass, she
goes into a panic, clinging to my legs, panting nonstop, and whining.
I’ve done just about everything I can to help her relax in the past, and
the only solution I’ve found that seems to genuinely help is wrapping
her in my old University hoodies. When I put a hoodie on her, she still
clings to my side but she doesn’t whimper or pant as much and seems just
a little bit calmer.

​

So when I saw the rain starting again the other night, I just sat in the
kitchen boiling the kettle and waiting for her to come running to my
side.

​

It didn’t take long, and when she came she was dragging the grey school
hoodie I always gave her along with her… The sight of it kinda made my
heart melt a little. I reached down to scoop her up immediately, put the
hoodie on her, and wrapped her up in a big warm hug, kissing her on her
little fluffy head to remind her that everything was okay, and that I
loved her. Her tail wagged frantically as she tried to lick my face.

​

When the kettle finally boiled, I made myself some hot chocolate and
took it over to the little table by the window. Star followed me,
curling up right on top of my feet as I sat down to look out at the
rain. I don’t think that her intention was to keep my toes nice and
warm, but it was certainly an added benefit that turned this into a
mutually beneficial arrangement.

​

It wasn’t quite night yet, and the sky had a strange, surreal hue to it.
It was beautiful and ominous at the same time. I could see the
autumn-hued leaves of the trees outside rustling in the breeze and the
cars on the street being baptized by the rain. I blew on my steaming mug
before taking a tentative sip. The warmth of it spread right through me
in the best way possible. I let myself relax, my mind drifting as I
focused on the rain and enjoyed the passive beauty of the world outside
my window.

​

I loved this feeling… This groundedness. It made me feel so whole. Like
for a little while, the world was quiet and I had no real problems. No
school, no work, no drama, nothing at all. I took another sip of my hot
chocolate and smiled a little as I noticed the condensation on my
window. Star looked up at me expectantly and I blew a kiss at her,
before reaching over to draw a little star in the condensation.

​

“A little star, for Star…” I said in a sing song voice. Just hearing her
name made her tail wag, like she was thinking: “Star? Yes! I am Star!
Mommy are you talking about me? I am Star, yes I am!”

​

“You’re such a sweet girl, yes you are.” I crooned as I reached down to
scratch her behind the ears. Then I put a little B + S inside the star.
Brittany and Star. Best friends forever. Star was looking up at me with
big, adoring eyes, her tail sweeping back and forth and I smiled down at
her. She lifted her head so I could pet her and I happily accepted the
invitation.

​

Has there ever been a more perfect moment?

​

Star’s head jerked to the side suddenly before she stood up and let out
one of those little un-barks dogs sometimes give. Not a bark, but a
muted little ‘Boof.’ Then she was up and walking towards the kitchen
door.

​

“Boof.”

“What’s wrong?” I asked. Her tail wasn’t wagging anymore. On the
contrary, she seemed concerned… More concerned than usual. Star took off
down the hall, her nails clicking against the wooden floor and I got up
to follow her. She’d headed into the living room and out towards the
back door.

​

“You want to go outside?” I asked.

Star just looked at me. This wasn’t a: ‘Yes I want to go outside!’ look.
This was a ‘Something is out there and I don’t like it!’ look. I stared
out through the window, past the rain, and into the backyard. Between
the low light and the heavy rain, it was kinda hard to see what poor
Star was so bothered by. But eventually, I did see it.

​

There was a naked man perched on my fence. Not sitting on my fence…
Perched, like some sort of oversized, ridiculous bird.

​

And he was staring right at me.

​

The moment I noticed him, my heart skipped a beat and I took a step
back. What the heck was this? Who the heck was this? I didn’t think I’d
ever seen this guy in my life! At least… He didn’t look familiar. I
squinted my eyes, staring at him and trying to see if I recognized him…
No… No I definitely hadn’t seen him before. And the more I looked at
him, the more I realized that whoever this guy was, he absolutely was
not okay.

​

His body was dirty and looked gaunt. I was sure I could see his bones
jutting out against his skin. His eyes also seemed a little too big,
although that could’ve just been because they were so sunken into his
skull.

​

He stared at me, and I stared right back at him, feeling a looming
anxiety rising in my stomach. Call me crazy, but creepy staring naked
guys hanging out in your backyard usually aren’t a good thing. This guy
must have been on some sort of drug or something to be naked out in this
kind of weather. Judging by his pale, dirty, emaciated physique, he
clearly wasn’t in the best of health, which probably meant that if he
was on drugs, he’d been on them for a while.

​

Beside me, Star let out a tough little growl. My anxious girl is not a
tough or even an aggressive dog, but she clearly did not like the smell
of this man.

“It’s alright, baby…” I whispered to her, before reaching down to pet
her. I checked to make sure the back door was locked, although doing
that didn’t make me feel any safer. The door was still glass. It would
be pretty easy to break.

​

I looked back up at the man in my backyard and let out a yelp of
surprise. He’d moved and now, he was a heck of a lot closer than he’d
been before! I took a step back, and looked down at Star again. Her
teeth were bared as she let out an aggressive growl that I’d never heard
from her before.

​

I turned and stepped out of the living room, running back to the kitchen
to grab a knife. Maybe if this whackadoodle saw I was armed, he’d get
the heck away from my door! I didn’t like the notion of threatening
somebody… But if I had to, I would! When I made it back to my back door,
the man was even closer. Now, he was right up against the glass,
pressing his body against it. I felt fear rising in my stomach and I
gripped the knife tighter.

​

I could see his shiny eyes reflected in the light from my house. His
breath formed condensation against the glass. I held the knife up, just
so he could see that I had it, but he didn’t even seem to notice… He
just stared at me, and I can almost swear that he was salivating like I
was a piece of meat…

​

My hands were shaking. Star had backed up a few steps and glanced back
at me. I could see that she was just as terrified as I was and I
couldn’t blame her. The man stared at us. I saw his hand move toward the
doorknob and I heard it jiggle. I wanted to scream something. To yell at
him… But my voice caught in my throat.

​

When the door didn’t open, he seemed to grimace, baring his teeth at me
in rage.

​

And that was when the power went out.

​

As darkness enshrouded me, I screamed.

​

Through the glass, all I could see was the shadow of the naked man
looking in at me, and I remained frozen in place, my heart pounding a
thousand miles a minute in my chest and tears threatening to run down my
cheeks as my mind ran wild with a thousand different horrible things
this man would do to me when he finally decided to break the glass… For
a few moments, the only sound was the heavy rain against the window.

​

Then… After a while, I saw the man’s head move. It jerked violently to
the side as if he’d heard something. He took a step back, still looking
in another direction.

​

Then he was gone. He took off at a sprint, vanishing from sight.

​

Star stood defensively in front of the back door for a moment, then she
retreated back to my side, panting anxiously the whole time. I still
kept the knife clutched in my hand and I watched the back door for a
moment before finally heading back to the kitchen where I’d left my
phone on the counter.

​

Like an idiot, it hadn’t even occurred to me to call the police during
the whole encounter with that strange man, but once he’d left I couldn’t
think about anything else. I immediately dialed 911, and Star followed
me as I ran upstairs to the safety of my bedroom and locked the door
behind me.

​

The power came back on within the next ten minutes, and the Police were
at my door shortly afterward.

​

I told them everything I’d seen. I described the man to them and
everything. They agreed to leave an officer parked outside my house
since I didn’t feel safe. The rain carried on through the night and I
didn’t sleep a wink. I just lay in bed, under the covers with Star
curled up beside me, waiting for the sound of shattering glass from
downstairs.

​

It never came.

​

It was the next day that I saw an ambulance a few doors down. I watched
them remove four bodybags on a stretcher and wheel them out onto a
coroner’s truck. I asked the police what happened. They wouldn’t tell me
at the time… But I read all about it on the local news that night.

​

Someone came in through their back door that night… And it had killed
them all. The couple who lived in that house, their two sons, even their
dog… It had ripped them apart… And there was apparently even evidence
that they’d been partially eaten…

​

Jesus…

​

And I’d heard nothing… No screams. No sound at all. The Officer outside
of my house hadn’t seen anything… Nobody did.

​

I can’t help but think that it could’ve just as easily been me who died
that night… I can’t stop thinking about it. Every time I go to sleep, I
have nightmares now. I dream about the man breaking through the glass of
my back door. I dream about him running for me, grabbing me, and killing
me in the most horrible ways possible…

​

I can’t stop thinking about it…

​

This all happened just a few weeks ago. I told the Police everything I
know, but they haven’t found anything yet. I don’t know if they will.
I’ve started looking for new places to live. I don’t feel safe in this
neighborhood anymore.

​

I think that Star and I might be happier in an apartment.
