I have been putting this together over the entire time its been
occurring, reading back I smile to think how happy I was in the first
paragraph.

Once I send this out I don’t know what’s going to happen to me. I’m
sorry to those I’ve failed, I don’t expect you to forgive me, I don’t.

I’m moving houses! It’s not a far move; it’s only a couple of blocks
away, and I liked the neighborhood my old home is in. But my basement
flooded, along with the house being older and preowned. So with the
insurance money, what I got for selling the home, and stuff I didn’t
want anymore at a yard sale. I made enough to buy this new, honestly
really nice house.

Due to buying the house, and being low on funds, I didn’t want to spend
any more of my money, so I didn’t buy a moving truck or U-Haul.

Being how my other house was just a small walk away, and of course I
wanted to save gas, I decided to just make a bunch of small trips,
carrying a box each time.

I take nightly walks anyway, so I incorporated this into that routine,
and honestly, I was enjoying it; it’s peaceful, and it’s a lot less
stressful taking things one load at a time. And my cat enjoys the
silence of me being gone for a little bit and not singing annoyingly
like I do when I tidy up.

The first loads were simple; the path is out my front yard, across the
street, down the sidewalk, then there’s a sharp turn to go further down
the block, then after the turn it’s a straight shot to my new house at
the end of the road. There are woods on the left side and neighbors’
houses on the right, not too crowded, peaceful.

However, there was this man standing on the sidewalk; I normally just
walked past him.

He’s an older man with dark eyes and the deepest eyebags you’ll ever
see; it wouldn’t shock me if he had not slept in weeks.

He kind of creeped me out a bit; he didn’t really talk. A lot sour
expressions always plastered his face, and of course there’s the fact
he’s standing outside his house at the same time every night staring at
the woods. Kind of weird, then again I’m going on nightly walks past his
house, currently carrying a box of old baseball equipment, so I guess I
can’t talk.

On the 4th or 5th day (I don’t really remember what day it was; I was
exhausted after work at the site.) I grabbed one of the lighter boxes
and started my walk to my house for the night.

I was honestly walking with my eyes half closed, as I was just purely
exhausted; I and a friend got drinks the night before, along with a full
day of work killed me.

After I made the sharp turn, I started down the walk to get to my house;
no crickets or birds were out, which I thought was strange, as normally
they’d both be singing loud this time of night. I briefly opened my eyes
to make sure I wasn’t going to hit anything. But then I stopped. There
was the man just standing in front of me, on the sidewalk as normal, I
opened my eyes more to see him, and I think I said something along the
lines of “Hey, nice night tonight.” He didn’t respond.

I kept walking. Once I got closer, I stepped around him, saying, “Well,
uhm, See you later then, man.” He mumbled under his breath. I stopped
and turned to him. “Did you say something?”

He stared at me before looking at the box in my hand. “You’re moving in
at the end of the road?”

I nodded, half regretting asking what he said, as now I was stuck in
conversation when I wanted to go to bed.

He moved his head back to looking towards the woods, from inside his
jacket he pulled a candle out, and shoved it into the top of the box I
was carrying.

“What is that?”

He paused before deciding to look at me again. “If at any point, you
hear something in your house, or you hear three knocks (he knocked on
his white fence as an example) Light this candle, go into a room with no
windows, or block out the window in the room, and stay completely
quiet.”

After a moment I asked the man, “Are you a camp counselor?” He looked at
me funny. “Because your ghost stories must be great.” I started to
chuckle as I walked away, “really scary.”

He frowned. “Laugh now, learn later.” His eyes then returned to the
woods.

Very confused, but highly amused, I went home.

That night in bed, my cat scared the daylights out of me a few times.
After she knocked a cup on the floor, the guy honestly did scare me a
bit with the story, but I knew better than to believe him; at least I
thought I did.

The next day I went to my old house quickly, as I had left my work phone
over there after sleepily forgetting it, but during the semi-sprint
there, I noticed that there was a path on the woods side of the walk to
my house. It was less of a path, actually, more of just a divide in the
bushes. I’m not sure what caused it, but there were leaves scattered
everywhere. I’m shocked I even noticed it with how late I thought I
would be and how rushed I was.

After getting home from work, I grabbed two smaller boxes, and put them
on top of a bigger box, and started my walk home. This marked a week of
doing this routine so far.

Due to the weight, I decided to take small breaks. Once I stopped and
rested at the top of the walk, right at the sharp turn. Instead of the
Man, it was a woman outside the house down the sidewalk.

I did know her, not personally, but I went to a neighbor’s cookout, and
she was there. She was very kind; she made very excellent cheesecake and
other desserts I remember

Anyway, I noticed where she was staring was right where the bushes got
pushed, so I picked my stuff up and came over to the woman.

“Hello ma’am”

“Hello.” She smiled.

Compared to the man, this woman was very nice and very healthy-looking
in comparison as well.

After a moment, I asked. “What do you think happened over there?” and I
pointed to the bushes.

Looking at her face for a reaction, she stared softly, a bit worried, it
seemed. She exhaled, then staring father into the woods, she said, “Just
don’t go in those woods; there is no good there.”

I chuckled awkwardly, because, well, I didn’t know how to really respond
to that.

“Are you taking Mr. Sidewalk’s shift today?”

She giggled and replied, “You mean my husband? Yes, he said he couldn’t
do it today, as he’s taken this week and is exhausted, so I’m staring at
the woods tonight.”

To say the least, I was very confused. “So is this a game you two play
or what?”

“Uhm, no, not really; it’s actually rather important, but if I talked
about it, you’d think I’m crazy.”

I was very interested in whatever she was going to say next, so I
pushed. “I mean, giving a reason as to why you two come out here every
night would be good. Maybe it would make me think you’re less crazy.” We
both laughed a little.

“Do you remember the woman who lived in this house?” She points to the
one right at the turn.

“Yeah, I remember; she’s the woman who held the barbeque a few months
ago. We were both there, I believe.”

“Well, she didn’t really move away per se; ‘it’ took her.”

I was baffled. Hell, you mean “it took her”?

That’s what I told the woman, to which she then started telling me the
short of it.

“That woman was the first to go. When we went to see her for brunch, she
was gone. Her house was fine, her dog was there, and everything was as
if she had left. Nothing was strange besides a doll made of sticks in
her bed, so we assumed she just left for work or errands. Thinking
something that would make sense, something logical, reasonable.”

She then paused, and tears got into her eyes. “Then the neighbor beside
her house also hasn’t come back. His house was in the same condition as
her house. Then our good friend Riche, who lived right beside us, we
heard him scream one night, but the moment we ran to go see what was
happening, he was gone; all that was left was a small doll made of
twigs.”

She looks back into the woods, her eyes determined but absolutely
frightened. “My husband figured out that it was working down the block;
it started at the corner, and it’s trying to work its way down the
houses, taking people.”

Then, with a smile, still half crying. “I’m so lucky to have him; if he
wasn’t outside on his rocking chair the day it came for us, we would be
gone too.”

Needless to say, I set my boxes down. Putting my hand on her to comfort
her; I was very interested in this story, the way she was crying told me
this had to be real.

In a way, everything kind of made sense. I haven’t heard a peep from the
lady at the end of the street, and I never saw moving trucks, showing
she left. And all these houses lights were off, except the ones past
this single house.

“We tried to contact the police, but they think we are making this up,
as a town rumor or something, as it doesn’t leave a trace; more likely
they said she’d been kidnapped, same for the others. They aren’t
missing; they are gone, and I doubt they will be found.

After a very long pause to process, I broke the silence. “Well, that
definitely does sound crazy.”

She laughed softly, wiping her tears, before continuing. ”No one
believes us, but my husband has decided we are going to fend it off as
long as we can, until his promotion in July. Then, we’re going to buy a
new home closer to his work. Hopefully we can finally relax peacefully,
and live our lives.”

“So, if you two leave, what will happen to the thing in the woods?”

“Well, Either it will move on to the next house, which we’ve warned our
neighbors about until they’re sick of us, or it will follow us.”

The thought of that made her face go white, and she zoned out, fearing
that after all of this they still might not be safe.

She continued while staring. “It seems like it can’t come if someone is
awake and alert; more than that, it can’t come close to the house if
someone is watching like how we do, so we take turns standing out here,
letting the other sleep till morning.”

“That sounds horrific.” And Horrific it was, I felt terrible for these
two, but part of me thought, foolishly, this WAS some kind of neighbor
rumor, and these two are pranking me, but I wasn’t going to take any
chances.

“Maybe one night I could take over for you guys if I don’t work?”

Her eyes lit up. “I wouldn’t ask that of you; I wouldn’t ask this of
anyone, but if you would, we would pay you something.”

“You would? How much?”

“I’d have to talk to my husband, but I think we would both like to get
some sleep on the same day and have a break.”

And so, I had a second job as a night watchman outside there home.

I didn’t see anything for the first nights I watched them. I mostly
played on my phone and enjoyed making more money with something very
easy like this.

With work, moving in, and now this, I put to much pressure on myself, I
failed.

I was watching a TV show on my phone; the crickets were chirping, and
there was an owl singing in the woods, and it put me at ease.

Then somehow, I fell asleep.

Then, all the noise stopped: no owls, no crickets, and my phone was
quiet after a moment.

I only felt the feeling at first, the feeling of being watched; my body
went into flight or fight without good reason. I looked around in panic,
wondering if anything had happened, if I had failed my duties, wondering
how long I was out for, It couldn’t have been long.

Then I saw it behind the tree, beside the split bush. The thing was
staring at me; it was at least 8 feet tall at least From where the head
was peeking out. it had no eyelids, no nose, no mouth, and no ears, just
eyes.

I froze; I couldn’t move, I couldn’t breathe, I just sat there in the
chair. I don’t remember when it was, but eventually the thing moved; its
head didn’t. It was frozen as much as I was, locked onto me as if we
were both stuck eternally.

But its hand came around the tree, the arm stretching out from behind
the tree; long, pale and thin.

Then I noticed what was around its finger. Two little dolls, made of
twigs, one with longer black hair and one with shorter black hair.

Everything suddenly kicked in; I realized what had happened.

I ran inside the house of the two people I had met who had been keeping
everyone safe even at the risk of their health, there lives, the way
people saw them, everything.

They were gone.

Their bed was laid in; I saw the imprints of where they were sleeping,
but they were gone, like they never existed.

I had killed them.

Looking out the window to their bedroom, the two dolls were sitting in
my chair, placed to mock me, mocking what I have done.

Now, its my job to sit outside and watch the woods every night. It’s
been so long I haven’t kept track of the days.

I’ve been fired from my job; I can’t come in to work. I have to stay up
all night to watch the woods.

The other neighbors have moved away due to the disappearances and my
rantings. I wish I were them, but I can’t leave; I have to watch the
woods.

I don’t go out anymore; I don’t deserve to after what I’ve done and how
I’ve failed them.

I’ve given my cat to my friend, and I’m working days and staying up
nights.

I can’t keep going like this. The coffee doesn’t work anymore; nothing
works

Nothing works.

I’ve walked into the woods, nothing, I’ve Yelled for it, Nothing. It
wont let me get any answers, it just wants me to slip, or to give up.
And its won, I give up.

As I’m writing this, tonight is when it normally does the three knocks
when the rules shatter, and It comes for me.

The candle is lit; it’s quiet, but I know it’s right outside my home,
somewhere, and it knows I’m inside, like always, like a coward.

I have my old baseball bat; once this sends, I’m going to it.

I don’t expect to come back, I’m hoping now as I send this, you can
learn from my mistakes.

All the houses are empty; I don’t know where it will go once I open that
door. I’m sorry I couldn’t hold out longer; I’m so tired.

I’m sorry to them, I’m sorry to me, and I’m sorry for the next person
who has to watch the woods.
