The heat of the day was definitely a factor in my decision to go on a
cave tour. I was a bit hungover, but not as much as my comatose friends
back at the hotel. I reckoned somewhere a bit cooler and darker might
help, and after all, we’d come out to Wales to have a look around.

It was a very professional operation running the cave, a nice new
visitor center to wait in for the next trip. Seemed to be working for
them though, I think a few in our group were all the way from Japan.
Eventually our guide turned up to take everyone waiting on the tour.
James, he said his name was. My first impression was of a bored uni
student working through the holidays, but to be fair to him he’d
rehearsed the spiel to a tee. He went through some safety jargon about
sticking to paths because of how slippery and dark it all is, and off we
went into the cave, the paths and lighting looking just as modern as the
center.

Going from the stifling heat of the day into a cool cave was exactly the
relief I thought it’d be, though I did feel a bit jealous as he
explained that the stone age inhabitants would use the various rock
pools to swim. Once we’d been shown around the main chamber, and asked
“Any questions?” in a tone that said “Please don’t”, we were given ten
minutes to wander around the smaller offshoots, and peruse the various
info boards.

I’d gone into the furthest chamber, wanting one to myself. It had a
large central area that after a safety barrier slipped off about six
feet into a small lower level, a stream running through it. I was most
of the way through reading about how this chamber had been used for
burials until… the lights went off. It was so devoid of light it felt as
though the darkness was something physical that I might walk into. I
couldn’t see anything at all, just the odd drop of water. I started
retracing my steps when I heard someone else running in a panic, I’d
only managed to croak a warning when she ran right into me and slipped.
I just managed to keep my balance, off the path now, and grabbed her,
but she couldn’t seem to get up. I realised she was sliding down the
bank and managed to get her hand, but between my sweaty hands and the
slimy cave floor it was a losing battle. She was crying and clearly in a
hell of a panic. “You’re pulling me!!” I told her but she couldn’t say
anything. I felt myself slipping and I’m ashamed to say I had to pry her
hand off mine. I winced at the sound of her tumbling down the bank, and
assured her I’d be back with help. Her sobs behind me, I noticed a green
emergency light in the distance. Combined with my phone’s flash that did
little more than reveal my feet, I made my way back.

After a brief flicker the lights came back on, and as I rounded the
corner the rest of the group all stared at me, confused by my panting
and dishevelled appearance. “Help, someone slipped, over in the burial
bit, needs help.” James seemed to count our group, then grinned slightly
“I think you might be a bit late for that”. He motioned for us to follow
into the chamber. “Yes, as our comedian friend here has just spoiled for
you all, this is the burial chamber. One of the most recently used parts
of the cave. Back in the stone age, this would have been the local
cemetery, until an accident that seems to have coincided with the end of
human activity here. If you look down the bank you’ll see what we think
might have done it.”

I was trying to grab the floor with my toes as I walked over to the
bank’s edge and peered down over the barrier. At the bottom beside the
stream was a skeleton, markers placed around it. “A young woman” James
explained “archaeologists have found she broke her leg in the fall, and
couldn’t get back up, dating back 11,000 years.” I was completely zoned
out the rest of the tour, and “Not bad” was all my friends got out of me
about the tour when I returned to the hotel, and it’s about the extent
of what I’ve told anyone so far.
