He must have been so lonely, and I didn’t listen. It was a few years ago
now. I’d finished work and was walking back home, as the only bus was in
the mornings. I could follow the road, but I preferred to cut through
the old nature reserve when it wasn’t too dark. It had been industrial
once, a canal and railways both long abandoned, tracks removed. My
family had warned of the uneven ground and roots that could make it
dangerous, but I wanted to get home. It was quite a brisk evening, and I
was doing my jacket up as I crossed the bridge over the old railway
line, which itself led to another part of the town.

Halfway over I heard it. “Help”, short and sharp, then again “Help!”.
Coming from the line below. The bridge was quite a bit higher than the
line, steep banks leading down on either side. I peered over. The night
drawing in, I could just about see him laying at the bottom of the bank.
Normal looking kid, maybe a private school from his uniform. His bag too
was a bit formal, and he’d pulled it and his coat over his legs. He
looked up at me “Help!”. “What’s happened?” I shouted down. “Oh, thank
you mister. It’s not much really, I’ve just hurt my leg a bit. I haven’t
seen you before, do you come here often?”
“Um, most days yeah, but what’s happened to your leg? Can you walk? Do
you need a hand?”
“Oh I’ll be alright I think. What brings you this way? Do you live
locally? I live just down here by the green”
“Not too far then! Are you ok to stand up, do you need a hand? You were
calling for help”
I didn’t like that he’d hidden his legs, and wouldn’t say what the
matter was. “I’m coming down” I heard him gasp, clearly he wasn’t fine.
I turned to the winding route through the woods that’d take me down to
the railway line. It wasn’t long but did mean going back on myself
slightly, and leaving him out of sight briefly. “No!” he shouted,
sounding genuinely upset now. “There’s no need, I’m just going to
recuperate and then I’ll be on my way home, just stay there please.”
Blood loss? I thought to myself, the poor kid was clearly confused. 
“One minute and I’ll be down with you!” I called, trying to calm him. 
“Please listen! I don’t want you to, I’d just like to talk, nobody ever
listens!”.

I didn’t say anything this time, just turned and hurried down the path.
“No!!”, almost a scream now, then no more words just shrieks and sobs.
With each one I sped up down the path, until my foot caught in a branch,
sending me head over heels. I got back up, a dull throb in my leg as I
heard a piercing scream, the pitch more like a whistle. I rounded the
corner and ran under the bridge to where he’d been laying. There was no
sign of him, just leaves and the odd bit of industrial debris. I looked
up and down the line, the ends fading off into the night. He said he
lived by the green, which was at the far end of the line, and for him to
get far enough for me to not be able to see him, or to climb the bank,
his leg can’t be that bad. I told myself this but I knew deep down. I
pondered calling the police but what could I say? This kid was stuck but
isn’t anymore? 

When I got home I looked through all the local groups for the area,
seeing if anyone had posted that their kid was missing. Nothing. The
green is at the end of the line, he must have found his way back. The
next evening I finished work and got to the entrance to the reserve. I
must have stood there for a few minutes before turning, and walking down
the road back home. 
