November 11th. That was the day my need to sleep disappeared. Night
approached. Sleep did not come. I didn’t even feel tired in the
slightest.

Honestly, it was like a dream come true. I had so much time to explore
and do things that I never had the time to do. Besides doing work in the
office, I also traveled to different parts of the city, went bar hopping
all night, and caught up with my old hobbies. Taking up drawing again
brought back old memories of when I opted for artistry instead of
studying for finals.

Some nights I had no plans, and on those nights I had a ritual of going
out for a walk, wandering down random streets before navigating my way
back home. Occasionally, on some of those walks, I would feel a surge of
energy - mind racing, every cell in my body screaming for action. That
was when I ran, zipping through alleyways, grabbing onto corners to
assist with turns. My hands scraped when I brushed them along the rough
walls. The dopamine rush was unrivaled. I’d never felt so free.

It was around late December when the letters started coming. Through the
mail, almost every single day, a letter was sent to me, the envelope
crumpled and note inside scrawled in a messy fashion. At times the paper
was wrinkly like someone had spilled water on it.

I didn’t pay much attention to it at first. The first few letters
contained the same message.

I can barely stay awake because of you.

It had to be some kind of prank, some kind of fluke.

But then there was another line.

I’ve seen you running.

Sure, it wasn’t a surprise, the city was lively at all hours and I’ve
run past people before. But why would this person pay attention to me?
Was this a noise complaint? Did I have a stalker on my hands?

I needed more information. I wanted to send a note back, but I didn’t
have an address. I don’t even know how this person managed to find where
I lived and deliver them when I wasn’t here.

It did seem like these notes were hand delivered though. I wrote a note,
asking Who are you? and put it into my mailbox.

Then the next day came another.

I want to meet up. 10pm, under the bridge in three days.

Three days passed in a flash, and I was admittedly nervous. I didn’t
know if I was getting into something dangerous, but I was confident in
my ability to escape if anything did go wrong. Worst comes to worst I
had the police on speed dial.

I arrived at the bridge two minutes before 10. He arrived seven minutes
later at the opposite side.

Immediately, I could tell he was in bad shape.

The most defining feature were the circles under his eyes. His eyebags
were deep and dark - it looked like he hadn’t slept for days, maybe even
weeks. His eyes were bloodshot and hair messy, sticking out in multiple
directions. He was still wearing pajamas as if he’d left his house in a
hurry.

“I’m like this because of you.”

My eyes flicked up to meet his. He was staring at my face, watching
where I was looking.

“Hold on, let’s talk this out,” I said slowly, lifting my hands to show
him my palms. He was clearly out of it and I didn’t want to aggravate
him. “I don’t know what I’m doing to make this happen.”

I took a few steps forward.

“STAY WHERE YOU ARE!” he screeched, taking a few steps back. He pulled
out a knife from somewhere behind him, brandishing it at me.

I froze.

“You know what you’re doing! You’ve been stealing my consciousness… I
can barely stay awake now… haven’t you noticed how you feel on your
runs? Soooo energetic you would start running? You would only feel that
when you reached a certain place wouldn’t you?”

I thought back to my runs. I didn’t pay attention at the time but it was
true. I only felt that way when I ran through a certain street.

“Well that’s because you ran by me! It gets worse when we get closer to
each other. Haven’t you ever contemplated why you don’t need to sleep?
It’s because you’re giving your tiredness to me! All of it!”

“Hold on… I had no idea…” I stammered.

“Cut the bullshit!” he yelled. “You only exist to torment me! I remember
the day, November 11, when I moved here, I could barely keep myself
awake. I tried coffee, caffeine pills, other remedies - nothing could
ever fix it. Here I am, fighting sleep every single second, and now more
than ever since I’m standing so close to you, while you’re out living
the life I could’ve had. It’s not fair…”

Tears started streaming down his face. His eyes closed for a few seconds
but he slapped himself hard, forcing himself to stay awake.

Meanwhile, I was still processing this information. So I was only like
this because I was giving all my tiredness to someone else? I felt
uncomfortable with the idea that someone else is suffering for my
benefit. It’s not like I asked for this… I never wanted this to happen.

“Can’t you just move away? Then everything would be fixed!” I told him,
grasping at straws.

“You think it’s that easy? Why do I have to move? Why can’t you move?”

“I’ve built a life here!”

“Well I’ve already taken so much for you! It’s time for you to pay it
back!”

A long silence stretched between us.

His hands were shaking. His grip around the knife tightened. I didn’t
know whether he was angry or just tired.

“Ok, I can pay it back,” I said, taking a few steps back. “Let’s settle
down for a second and figure this out together.”

“Figure it out?”

He laughed, his manic cackling echoing through the underpass.

“I’ve been going through this alone for the past month, and while you
were what?” He tapped the back of the knife against his head. “Going bar
hopping?” 

“I’m so sorry this happened. I’m genuinely sorry. I didn’t mean for this
to happen, I can fix it…”

“Fuck,” he muttered. His gaze dropped to the ground. He pushed his palm
into his forehead before sliding his fingers into his hair and gripping
at stray tufts.

“Of course you’re sorry. Why wouldn’t you be? A person with too much
time has time to be sorry for anything.”

His bloodshot eyes bore a hole into my head, stare now unfocused.

“I’m so sick of it all.”

Shit. “Wait. WAIT…”

He lunged at me. And he was fast. I turned to run away.

I looked over my shoulder and he was right behind me, his expression
twisted in anger, his eyes burning with willpower, his arm raised to
drive the knife through my back…

This is where I die.

I squeezed my eyes closed and waited for it.

It never came.

I opened my eyes to find his body crumpled to the floor. 

No, he couldn’t be dead could he? I hurriedly checked his pulse.
Fortunately he was still breathing.

I didn’t have the heart to leave him out there. I took the knife from
his hand and left it at the bridge. Taking him back to my place wasn’t
difficult.

I think - I think him getting so close to me was a bad idea. I think I
might have put him into an eternal slumber.

I had to solve this somehow.

So I drove him some hours out to another city. I kept looking into the
rearview mirror to make sure his chest was rising and falling. I tried
my best to focus on my task, to focus on the exit signs and the
navigation, but I couldn’t ignore the guilt welling inside of me. He’s
been through so much because of me.

I booked a hotel room and left enough cash for him to buy necessities. I
hoped that would be enough and he would wake up once I left. In theory
it should work. I prayed it would work.

I left him on the bed and set the money on the table beside him.

A few months have passed. My tiredness has come back, a feeling I’d long
forgotten. A positive indicator, perhaps. Some nights I lie awake,
staring at the ceiling. I don’t go on runs anymore.
