I’m writing this to try to warn all of you, stay away from the place
beyond the mountains. There is much about this place that I still do not
know. Nor will I ever be able to tell you of it myself face to face. The
horrors in this wretched land that I now call home are too much even for
the gods themselves to bear. For why do you think even they have
abandoned this place? Some think they were in fear of us, but that is
the folly of man. To look at himself and perceive a god merely because
the truly divine are so distant that even a serpent might appear holy.
Yet even so, why is it that even the light of a lord does not illuminate
the minds of all? For even in that luminous truth half of all men would
still place the crown upon their own head, or the head of their master.
Rather than give heed to what they have been shown. I would hope that
you would not be such a fool.

It is for that reason that you mustnt uncover this land. It must bask in
the glow of darkness for the rest of its miserable days. Remaining on
the shores of a distant land is the only way you might have any chance
at a life devoid of the crimson light. Where your child might see an age
where the sun might truly shine upon him. Where the rumbling bellows of
the beast beneath might go unheard.

The oldest wive’s tales speak of a great flood. You’ve probably heard
some of them yourself. They tell of a lucky clan who were chosen and
saved from the waters that swelled from the fountains of the deep, and
fell from the windows of the heavens; which swept away the land into the
sea. Yet this is a mistruth, an unfactual opiate of the mind that we
have told ourselves over time to ease the pain. The truth of it is that
those who lived were not lucky, neither were they chosen. It was their
arrogance and selfish will to survive that kept them from being awash at
sea with the rest of the world. A scorn against God himself.

The massive horrifying waves of the flood continued for what felt like
years. The boat that had served them thus far was but an ant under the
heel of a giant within those waves. Yet somehow it held together. Food
was never going to be a worry for the crew, or so they at first thought.
Initially the ocean was plentiful with fish and other creatures to feast
upon. However after a short time the ocean went stagnant. The waters
themselves still drifted, yet there was no sign of life anywhere in the
heavens above or the ocean below. Just an eerie silence that brought
forth a ringing in their ears, a maddening deafening tone.

The survivors did not hold out for long after this silence began. They
began to scream, bang on the walls, do anything to fill the air. Some
jumped off the ship into the water below, others perpetuated a sickening
violence while praying to gods whose names had never before been heard.
Nearly half of everyone aboard was dead shortly after the silence took
hold.

Within just hours after these deaths however, the seemingly endless
ocean gave way to what appeared to be untainted land. The spell that
brought about this madness quickly seemed to dispel from those left
aboard as the waves washed the ship ashore. When those left alive got
off that boat they thought they had found the promised land. Maybe they
did, maybe it was just not us who it was promised to.

As I mentioned earlier the old wive’s tales are not fully truthful, they
have been molded to fit narratives over time. I mention this again
because there’s one more piece of it that I know to be entirely untrue.
The heavens never opened, the windows of the sky remained shut. While
thick black clouds shrouded the sky in darkness, it merely teased those
amongst the ship as no water fell from them. The seas alone rose to
reclaim the land that was once theirs.

As the survivors entered the forest they were not searching primarily
for food, but instead they were searching for water. They wandered
aimlessly for days as a cohesive group, searching every inch of this
place for life’s most precious resource. Some say they searched the
mountains first, knowing that a stream or flowing creek would most
likely be there of all places. Others say they searched the mountains
last, fearing what could lie within. Those that claim it was searched
first, state that upon their arrival the mountains were empty and dry.
Teeming with life, but not the water that sustains it. So they abandoned
it. Yet those that claimed the mountain was searched last state that
this is an impossibility, and in many ways even their counterparts
agreed.

What I can say for certain is that the story from here is consistent and
agreed upon by those that lived. After days of wandering, water was
indeed discovered up there in the mountains. Discovered in a spot that
half of the group states was completely dry just days before when they
searched it initially. The water was clear but so deep that the bottom
gave way to an inky darkness. When the survivors saw this the half who
swore there was no water there not long ago felt that they should not
drink from the pool that suddenly emerged. Yet when they all saw the
animals drink from the lake before them, they all fell into their animal
instincts and partook in imbibing the water.

Shortly after they did the great flood began to rescind. The water
around the land the survivors inhabited slowly fell back, revealing the
earth that was home to the rest of humanity before it was reclaimed. Yet
these people did not return to that land, instead they made this land
their new home. The home that you know today. Up in those mountains that
the children would sing about in their nursery rhymes. Within the
mountains north of where the withered sand snows, lies the lake that let
them survive.

They say that after the water retreated, the survivors still continued
to drink from the lake. Yet the lake was somehow tainted. It began to
beckon death itself, causing any animal above or within it to fall into
a deep sleep before their heart stops beating. Some think this is the
kindness of the curse, but not I. I’ve seen the sleep. It is a torturous
dreamless nightmare. One from which you will never awaken.

The lake quickly began to stink of decay, as the once windy and cool
site started to become stagnant. Seasons stopped changing. An oppressive
hot still air seemed to now permeate the entirety of the mountains. The
water turned an odd dark crimson brown color, as the banks filled with
rotting corpses. It was another warning to stay away. I wish they had
listened. Even as the water grew sour the survivors said they could not
leave it. They say that they glimpsed something in the water. Something
that kept them locked there permanently.

No one knows what it is, if it is a thing at all. All we know is that
after time all cycles come to an end. Life arises from dust, and to dust
we shall return. Yet we think it our duty to keep ourselves from
returning for as long as possible. That was their true sin too. Sooner
or later the animals were not enough to satiate the lake. Neither were
the few lives they offered.

One night while everyone was in their homes some preparing for bed,
others talking to their loved ones, death itself crept up from the dark
rancid waters. The first sign was a rumble from beneath their feet,
causing a rhythmic pulsating hum to encompass them, before suddenly an
eerie silence spilled into the vicinity. Suddenly all flames within the
town extinguished at once. Leaving them in the same inky darkness they
glimpsed in the waters.

The people inside the inner most village homes quickly fell into a deep
sleep, whether they were in bed or in the kitchen it mattered not. A
sleep from which they ultimately would never return. Whether it is
coincidence or fate the ships survivors were all apart of the list of
souls that was claimed that night. The outter village seemed to suffer
from a sudden bout of amnesia. Only a few children recalled anything
else, and they were seen as untrustworthy narrators. So the rest of them
forgot entirely, not remembering anything after the flames went out. Not
spending any time on thinking about what could have befell them. Maybe
at the time that was for the best. From then on though, it was never
about if death would again arise from the lake… but instead became about
when it would rise.

Over the years many have uncovered this truth, and many have offered
everything to it. Including their families and themselves. Its hunger
knows no bounds. Its gluttony a never ending cycle of torment. I say all
of this because I know who you are. The hero who could save everything.
Yet I promise you, you cannot win this battle. It is a war lost long
ago. Abandon the thoughts of this place, before they creep into the deep
recesses of your mind. So you might not fall victim to the bellowing
hunger that underlies this land. Only by staying away can you provide
any hope for those left here. Including myself. Run not for the
mountains, but for the seas. While my fate has long been sealed, maybe
you will end up being more lucky.
