I’m not sure when this idea, no, this revelation took hold of me. All I
know is that ever since it has, I can think of nothing else.

I guess if I had to pin point the catalyst for it all, it would probably
be that stupid Kappa Delta whatever party that my roommate, Chrissy,
insisted on dragging me to last weekend. 

Chrissy is one of those people who could befriend a rock if you left her
in the garden for long enough. That sounds harsh but I don’t necessarily
mean it as a bad thing.

Really.

Honestly? If it wasn’t for her my college experience would be even more
depressing and lonely than it currently is.

Sure, that’s not a hard bar to clear, but, still.

When I walked into our shared dorm room on the first day of the semester
back in August, I was uneasy. Chrissy had already arrived and decorated
her side of the dorm. It looked like a Pinterest board belonging to
Y2K-era Paris Hilton had thrown up everywhere. The room was crowded with
her friends and family who milled around rearranging things or
reminiscing loudly about scenes depicted in printed photos. 

I stood awkwardly in the doorway not knowing how to proceed. Her group
was not particularly quiet and their booming laughter and voices bounced
off our white cinderblock walls, piercing my ears with sharp pain. Two
children sat on my naked bed playing some kind of slap game, each
squealing intermittently in either delight or indignation. No one seemed
to sense my presence and I seriously considered leaving to hide in the
library until the coast was clear.

As I turned to do just that my old, broken suitcase scraped against the
linoleum floor, causing my new roommate to glance up and meet my eyes.
She was tall with legs so long they belonged in Vogue not our dimly lit
concrete box. Her dark brown hair was glossy and springy and was pulled
into two pigtails. Her eyes were a shade darker than her hair and
widened in excitement at the sight of me. She reminded me of a wealthy
family’s expensive poodle mix.

“Oh, hey!” She exclaimed, dropping whatever conversation she had been in
to cross the room and greet me. “Barbie, right?”

Every eye in the room swiveled to observe us and I wanted to melt into
the floor.

“Uh, it’s Barbara actually.” I responded looking at my dirt stained
shoes, unable to maintain eye contact with those bright, animated orbs.

“Can I call you Barbie?” She asked, excited tone never wavering. “It’s
just too perfect to resist, right? Barbie and Chrissy!”

“Um, sure.” I responded lamely. “I don’t really care.”

She grabbed my hand and seemingly ignored how it reflexively went to
pull away from her touch before dragging me into the room.

And that was that. One moment that would perfectly illustrate the
dynamic between Chrissy and me.

 Which brings me back to the stupid frat party. 

I didn’t want to go, obviously. Besides Chrissy I hadn’t been
particularly successful in making friends or connections which isn’t
exactly surprising. Making friends has  never been my strong suit.
During my younger years me and the rest of the kids deemed undesirable
would group together for things like lunch and group assignments. It
never would go any further than that and I can count on one hand the
amount of times we would hang out outside of school. Since graduating I
haven’t heard from a single one of them, but it’s not like I’ve reached
out either.

Chrissy, annoyingly, had picked up on this and had made it her sole
mission to include me in whatever social function she was participating
in on any given weekend. Which is how I ended up squeezed into an
overcrowded frat house on a Friday night.

I stayed firmly glued to Chrissy’s side like a child hiding behind their
mother when brought to a gathering full of strangers. She was chatting
happily to some dudebro who seemed less focused on the story she was
telling and more focused on the way her chest bounced as she
gesticulated wildly.

I glanced into my tightly gripped red solo cup and watched as the warm
beer rippled with each pulse of the shitty electronic music. My ears
were ringing and each time the music spiked I experienced a sharp shock
of pain deep within my eardrums. Someone had rigged up a light machine
and the pulsating colors left me feeling dizzy and nauseous. I had to
physically fight the urge to cover my eyes. Scantily clad, sweaty bodies
gyrated around us and the occasional push from a drunk party goer had my
nerves in overdrive. I felt like a rabbit trying to blend in in the
middle of a fox’s den.

I strained my ears to try to hear the story Chrissy was enthusiastically
recounting but couldn’t catch the words. The room was beginning to feel
hotter and stuffier and the next song that began playing had a
repetitive beat akin to a machine gun being fired. I was at my limit and
my body screamed at me to get out of the room to freedom and something
less overstimulating.

I tapped Chrissy’s shoulder and when she turned pointed to my,
unbeknownst to her, mostly full beer cup. She nodded with a wide smile
and flashed me a thumbs up before returning to her unremarkable
conversation partner. I pushed through the crowd, sloshing my beer onto
the already sticky floor as people bumped into me without
acknowledgment.

After a short search I found the door to the kitchen and pushed through
it like a drowning woman breaking the water’s surface. The kitchen was
less populated exactly as I had hoped. Less people meant cooler air and
it immediately provided relief to my almost feverish feeling skin. The
door blocked out the flashing lights and brought the music to a muffled
more bearable volume. Relief spread through me as my muscles untensed.

The relief was short lived as I took stock of the group of girls
clustered around the kitchen island that acted as the party bar. They
reminded me of the girls who had bullied me in high school. The ones who
made me feel as if I was a different gender if not species than them.
Because how could we both be girls? Them with their silky, shiny hair
and blemish-less skin. If I were to stand next to them anyone could tell
that we were not the same.

“Can we fucking help you?” One of the girls snapped at me. “Why are you
staring at us, freak?”

I hadn’t realized I had been staring at them and my face at her
admonishment. My throat dried up as I struggled to find a response to
the aggressive line of questioning.  Sweat collected under my arms as I
continued to be able to do nothing but stare at them.
Say something, I mentally screamed at myself. Anything. Literally
anything.
I didn’t say anything.

A drunk, mean smile crossed the girl’s face at my obvious discomfort.
She was a hungry lioness who had just spotted me, a wounded gazelle. The
alcohol had made her skin slightly tinged with red and though it wasn’t
the right time I couldn’t help the flash of envy that coursed through
me. What would have made me look ruddy and blotchy gave her a glow that
only added to her beauty, not detracted.

Her gaze raked up my body and I could see her assess my old, stained
jeans and baggy t-shirt. It was such a contrast to her flared mini skirt
and low cut shirt that flattered her in every way.  Chrissy had offered
to let me borrow some of her clothes for tonight but I had, idiotically,
refused.

“Hellooooooo?” She drawled out the word as if talking to someone slow.
“Anyone home? Are you deaf or something?”

Her friend’s chittering giggles died a little bit as she went on.
Perhaps scared of laughing at someone who might actually be disabled if
I did turn out to be deaf. My cheeks were so hot I thought my flesh
would melt off my skull to pool around my feet. Ashamed, I dropped my
gaze to the ground. 

“Amber,” one of her friends whispered to her. “You always take it too
far, chill out.”

But she didn’t chill out. Emboldened by the bubbling liquid in her hand
she continued.

“What? It’s not my fault she’s acting like a fucking freak. Maybe she’s
an alien and doesn’t understand what I’m saying.” She laughed, high and
cruel. Like the music in the living room it pierced my ears painfully.
“Hey, loser, tell me what you want or go back to your home planet.”

“D-drink.” I stammered, lamely raising my shaking cup that was still
half full.

“See? Was that that hard?” She asked. She was quiet for a minute and
then something sturdy and heavy hit me in the chest.

I fumbled to catch it before it hit the ground, dropping my drink in the
process. Beer splashed across the floor and my shoes, soaking through to
my socks instantly. Resting in my palm was an old, heavy duty wine
opener made of solid metal, discolored from its years of use. My hand
curled over the cool metal as tears welled in my eyes. I should have
never come to this stupid party with stupid Chrissy and these stupid
people. We were not the same and I had been foolish to let Chrissy
convince me that we were.     

I clutched the wine opener to my chest, spun on my heel, and darted out
of the kitchen.

“You shouldn’t have done that!” I could hear one of her friends admonish
before the kitchen door swung closed behind me. “You could get charged
for like, assault, or whatever.”

Running through the frat house was like running through a haunted house.
The music was deafening, the strobe lights blinding, and the wall of
sweating bodies was a labyrinth. I looked for Chrissy frantically but to
no avail. I wanted to grab her hand and drag her back to our dorm where
we could weather out the rest of the night in peace. 

After searching for a bit longer I gave up. It wasn’t a long walk back
to the dorms and our campus was relatively safe at night. I pushed past
some drunk idiots who were blocking the exit and was finally away from
my living nightmare. The night air was cool and brisk and my body
released a violent shudder. Equal parts from the release of adrenaline
and the temperature.

I threw myself down the stairs and jogged down the sidewalk until the
sounds of music and people faded into a merciful murmur. My fingers
flexed around the wine opener again and a pit of embarrassment yawned
open in my gut.

Why the fuck did you take it, idiot? I admonished myself. 

In my rush to escape I had completely forgotten I was holding it. Not
only was I a loser, an alien, I was a thief as well. The thought of
bringing it back to the frat house filled me with rolling nausea so I
shoved the wine opener into my pocket instead. If it was a big deal I
was sure that the rich boys at the frat could get their daddies to buy
them another one.

As the adrenaline seeped out of me I began to take notice of the
surrounding night. It wasn’t that late but the area was surprisingly
empty, despite it being Saturday. There were no clouds in the sky and
the moon was almost full. A few strong stars made their presence known
in spite of the campus and city light pollution. A small group of
students with a giant telescope were set up in the courtyard and I could
hear their excited tittering as they pointed up at the sky.

A small part of me wanted to ask what they were looking for with the
telescope but I hesitated. It was easy to imagine their startled looks
at my shabby appearance wandering out of the dark night to interrupt
their activities with my unwanted presence. My ego was already suffering
and I didn’t think it could take another hit.

I wrapped my arms around myself and veered down a route that would add
time to my walk but would ensure I didn’t have to pass the group of
lively stargazers. I was envisioning how soft my pillow would be when I
fell face first into it  when I heard a loud exclamation. I turned to
see the group jumping in excitement and pointing at the sky. They pushed
each other playfully, clambering for a turn with the telescope. I looked
up to the vast night sky to see what they were so desperately trying to
view.

White streaks intermittently painted the night sky as the telescope kids
whooped and hollered.

“Meteors! Meteors!” I heard them shout.

I sat down on a nearby bench and watched the celestial display. For the
first time in a long time, maybe even my entire life, I felt peace. The
shame and anxiety melted away as I stared up at the flares of light
streaking across the sky. I ceased to hear the shouts of the astronomy
group and for the remainder of the shower it was just me and the
vastness of the universe.

The meteors petered out after about fifteen minutes. The kids hung
around for a little while afterwards but eventually packed up their
equipment and, laughing and joking around, headed into the night. 

I didn’t move from the bench. My eyes were still glued to the night sky,
searching, although for what I didn’t know. It was obvious the shower
was over but I felt compelled to stay in a way I couldn’t remember ever
feeling before. I didn’t want to go back to the dorm room. The thought
of spending the remainder of the night alone in that cinderblock white
room inspired in me the deepest sense of loneliness

Throughout my life loneliness had been a familiar companion but after
tonight it felt more like a predator I didn’t want to cross paths with. 

For another hour I sat on a bench under a burned out street light and
ruminated about the night’s debacle and the feeling of isolation that
had haunted me throughout my childhood to now. My parents had been cold,
distant people. Sometimes it seemed like they had only had me to reach a
predetermined milestone.

All of my life I had seen the closeness shared between others and envied
it. It seemed so easy for other people to cultivate. Yet, every time I
met a potential friend it was as if there was an invisible barrier
preventing me from finding the correct words and getting close.

I was a failure of a human being it seemed. 

The words of that girl came back to me as I strained my eyes to see as
far beyond the stars as I could, looking for a distant world.

Alien.

The poisonous barbs of the word were beginning to soften, turning into
something comforting. If I was an alien then maybe there were others I
could connect to somewhere in that boundless, dark sky. I wished
desperately that I could meet them.

A burning white light streaked suddenly across the night sky with the
intensity of the mid-day sun. Instinctively I jumped to my feet, my eyes
locked on the thing hurdling through the atmosphere towards the earth.
It illuminated the surrounding area, casting a strange purple glow that
banished any traces of the dark. Though I knew it was impossible the
light felt warm as it washed over me, comforting. The way the summer sun
does when it kisses your skin.

Time slowed down. My feet felt rooted to the spot as my eyes took in
this celestial, flaring beacon. It felt religious in a way. Like I had
offered my prayers at the altar of the stars and now the universe was
responding. A warm feeling spread through me and a smile of absolute awe
spread across my face.

The moment was infinity and was over all too soon.

The light crested over me and then blinked out as it plummeted into a
small, wooded area on the edge of campus. A ground shaking BOOM rang out
as the thing seemingly hit the earth and I was plunged back into
darkness. A strange panic overtook me and before my mind could catch up
I found my body moving of its own accord. My feet carried me quickly
across campus to where the light had disappeared. 

I wasn’t wearing the right clothes for it but I forced my way through
the thick underbrush. In my entire life I have never once stepped foot
into any type of wooded area, especially at night. I couldn’t help
myself. I was now a passenger in my own body, helpless to my own
actions. It was as if a siren’s song had mesmerized me and was leading
me towards something so grand I couldn’t even begin to fathom it. After
a short search I found the object that beckoned to me .

Laying in the middle of a small crater was a glowing piece of rock the
size of a hockey puck. The rock’s surface had the texture of a log that
had been left in a fire pit until it was on the verge of collapse. Its
raised sections were a strange matte black that seemed to absorb any
light that touched it including the soft, neon purple light that
pulsated between spider web thin cracks that  stretched across its
surface. I hurried towards it, trampling local fauna under my dirty
sneakers and snatched it up greedily. 

Hot pain immediately seared my finger tips causing me to drop the stone.
For a brief second the pain snapped me out of the trance-like state I
had been under since seeing that flash of holy light split the sky. The
moonlight was strong enough that I could just make out  a small
pin-prick of blood beginning to well at the tip of my thumb. Reflected
in the dark red of my blood was a shimmer of the same neon purple as the
rock in the moonlight. I popped my thumb into my mouth and quickly
sucked the blood away before reaching back for the rock whose purple
glow was starting to fade.

I stuffed it into my pocket next to the wine opener and began picking my
way through the forest towards the lights of campus. The rock felt like
a weight in my pocket as I stepped from the tree line back into
civilization. The night had taken on a liminal feeling. I didn’t run
into a single other student as I walked through campus and then my dorm.
Everything was cloaked in an unnatural silence and as the door to
Chrissy and I’s room creaked open under my hand I began to wonder if the
light had been the rapture had taken humanity and I had been left
behind.

It wouldn’t have surprised me.

Moonlight poured in through the window as I stripped out of my clothes
to change into my sleep shirt. Exhaustion had begun to seep into my very
bones as I dug into my pockets and fished out the rock to stare at it
again. My mind felt fuzzy as my eyes traced the cracks along the surface
as I turned it in my hand examining every inch of it. The light had
completely faded to nothing but it still seemed to hum in my hand. I
carefully placed it in the back of my side table drawer and then placed
the wine opener next to me. With a final lingering glance I closed the
drawer and felt the mental fuzziness begin to fade.

I was exhausted.

I flopped into bed and stared at the small mark on my thumb. It didn’t
hurt anymore but there was still a shimmering cast of purple if I angled
it the right way in the moonlight. I shook my head and closed my eyes. A
tired trick of the light. Away from the lingering effects of the alcohol
and anxiety I could piece it all together in the morning and everything
would make sense.

That’s what I thought as I drifted off to sleep that night alone with
nothing but the light of the moon for companionship. I couldn’t have
been more wrong.

Going to sleep had not been the end.

Just the beginning.
