Since my 2nd semester at the university, I’ve often felt like an
imposter, questioning WHETHER I’m JUST A LUCKY ONE WHO SLIPPED IN.

To begin with, I graduated a valedictorian and straight-A student, which
is something absolutely common to at least half of the students here.

For months, I’ve been getting up early for classes (the infamous 8:30am
sections) and studying until my mind significantly slows down in
processing words, almost fitting in the descriptions of brain fog 😶‍🌫️. I
then take breaks to recharge, often replaced or accompanied by meals and
workouts, before diving back into my studies and stacks of assignments.
Despite this, I still find myself burning the midnight oil at the
library, TREASURE HUNTING FOR AN AVAILABLE SEAT, surrounded by few
noticeably worry-few, delightful yappers in addition to DOZENS of even
more diligent, bright-minded peers.

Consequently, I sleep in with heart palpitations from the disruptive and
deprived sleep schedule. Somehow, it all just seems like a haunting
“tortoise and rabbit race” between me and my peers with the exemption of
any sleepy, lazy rabbit. Even more, this isn’t just anxiety-talking—I’ve
seen it firsthand during my late-night study sessions with friends,
where I always end up exhausted first but only to get a lower grade on
the exam the day/week after.

Additionally, I put “more time” as the first item on the new year
resolution list, since the basis of the “study smarter, not harder”
theory requires adaptation and learning, which cannot come true without
sufficient amount of time and experimental trails.

Regardless, I do hope that in the upcoming new year, I can do better
after fully utilizing the academic support available and accomplishing
more than I did in the past, instead of just clinging to the vain byword
of “celebrating failure.” 😣 🤞

—————————————————————

Thank you for reading till the end, my fellow night owls! Blooper: I
compiled this essay as a reflection before bed and right after feeling
the alarming heartbeats when searching for professional clubs to join
for the following semester and open for applications. Also, I’m so
sleepy and couldn’t even recall details to make up an essay up to 500
words without bullshitting. So I’m putting some BS texts on the bottom
to achieve the minimum word count requirement. Let me just smuggle in
some random trending topics below In the form of key words:

     Walmart. Birkin. Wirkin (btw, the name remind 
     me of “working” and is my keyboard auto-
     corrector would testify the same) Travis Hunter. 
     Heisman. Pop-tarts bowl. National 
     championship game. SEC. Bo Nix. Taylor Swift. 
     Beyoncé. Travis Kelce. 
     “coolkid can sleep now” 
     “YOUR FINANCIAL BLOCKS WILL BE REMOVED 
     TONIGHT WHILE YOU SLEEP NOW, SAVE IT TO 
     CLAIM IT.“ 
     “I’m gonna sleep now” 
     “Hope y’all can have a good sleep now” (30 
     more words to go. Maybe I should write smth 
     more personal but I’m darn tired and I felt like 
     the shadow of my quilt on the wall is moving 
     every time I’m typing and only peeking it with 
     my peripheral vision. Anyway. I think I’ve 
     reached the word count. Ty for anyone reading 
     my random roasting) 
