Deep in the boondocks of a small town in the Midwest stands an old
observatory. An observatory that, until recently, the United States
government had completely forgotten it owned. It was closed down
sometime in the 1980s after it was deemed useless when it came to
whatever the government’s intentions with the cosmos were at the time.
Anyways, that doesn’t really matter. 

The reason they put us in this joint last May wasn’t for any
astronomical reasons, but for the simple fact that they didn’t feel like
building a proper facility for us out here. Decided we needed to make
the best of a moss-covered, asbestos-ridden building built in the 1960s.
Whatever. I’m not surprised the government didn’t feel like spending a
little extra money. At least they had my equipment moved here from
Nevada. 

When I first started here, it was pretty alarming to hear that there
wouldn’t be any sleeping quarters for me or Barry, only a shared
bathroom they built in the “storage wing”, a cold basement. The reason
for the lack of bedding was the experimental “caffeine patches” that
they issued us to keep us awake for days on end. I’ve run my own tests
on them (on the agency’s time), and they are most definitely not
caffeine based, but shit they work good, so who really cares. Both me
and Barry have felt fine the year we’ve been using them. My only
complaint is that the adhesive on the little patch leaves a rash. I
usually alternate my right and left forearm. 

My coworker, the aforementioned “Barry”, had a lab on the lower level of
the building. At some point in the forty odd years from when the
observatory closed down to now, some drunk asshole drove his truck
through the east wall. Left a big hole in the brick wall, and a now
scrapped Toyota Tundra. On the outside of that hole, Barry set up a
greenhouse, where he plants and collects samples of the local flora.
Just on the inside of that hole is where, I think, a gift shop used to
be. It’s now full of test tubes holding local crops, and cow shit
samples. 

In my lab, the observation deck, I take in whatever our field guys deem
weird, typically fauna, and try to figure out what makes it tick. Or if
it ticks at all. 

Earlier this week Randall, the senior field guy, brought in a single
coconut from a local farmers market. Apparently the vendor had a
“suspiciously large” pile of coconuts that he was “practically begging”
people to buy, per Randall. He and the other two field guys claimed to
hear scattered rhythmic thumpings coming from the pile. The rhythm at
which the coconuts thumped in relation to one another would have
certainly been worth studying, but given that I only have the one, my
investigation is limited. 

The field guys, Randall, Zach, and Bry,(at least that’s what their
respective name tapes say) do an okay job at finding the weird stuff I
have been tasked with studying. However, they hardly ever get much more
than a single sample, like a week old carcass, or in other instances a
tuft of fur or a talon. I’ve explained to them countless times details I
could use in the future, but they rarely deliver. It’s no surprise at
this point. 

The observation deck has a ring of windows spanning the circumference of
the large room. I took the coconut to a table at the side of the room
overlooking the east. They had brought it to me quite late so I planned
on cracking it open the next morning. It’s thumping was actually pretty
relaxing and I probably could have dozed off if it weren’t for a few
caffeine patches. Given the caffeine patches, the only reason I had
planned on cracking it open the next morning was out of spite of being
asked to do shit when I would have been able to sleep at my old job.
Sometimes I’ll just bum around and find myself cleaning stuff from 10 PM
to 8AM. And the field guys haven’t thought to bring me a new crossword
puzzle book, so I’ve just been blabbering about random shit in my notes
app. Like this. 

And that. 

And this. 

And that. 

Fuck I’m bored. 

Anyways, the coconut. I inspected the husk for a few minutes. Given the
warmth it emitted and the internal thumping, it felt like I was holding
a squirrel or a kitten. I had set it down on a small rag to keep it from
rolling, turning it so I could look at the three dark pours on it. I
then left to sit on my recliner by the telescope for the rest of the
night. Said recliner was actually taken off a curb in town by Randall
and co. 

At around 6:45 the next morning, I was cleaning an instrument of mine on
the recliner when the sunrise through the window caught my eye. I stood
up to go watch it for a minute and then looked down at the coconut on
the towel. I picked it up, and I recall having to turn it toward me to
get a look at the pours again. Looked the same as the night prior, still
thumping in my hand. I set it back down. 

I had become quite thirsty by then and decided to head downstairs to the
common area me and Barry share in the lobby of the building. We set up a
fridge and stove top behind a large rounded front desk. I snagged a
protein pack from under the counter and a water bottle from the fridge.
I then replaced it with one from a 40 pack on the ground. Barry never
replenishes. 

I took my sore excuse for a breakfast back up to my lab and tossed the
protein pack on my desk. I took some notes on the husk of the coconut.
It was coarse as any coconut I can recall feeling. I set it on a scale
and weighed it out to 1224.74 grams. I headed down to ask Barry if that
was average or not and he said it’s hard to tell without knowing the age
or species of the specific coconut. I also asked him why the field guys
didn’t bring it up to him, an actual horticulturist, already knowing the
answer. He was still working on those bioluminescent corn cobs from last
month. “Whatever man.” is pretty much all I say to the guy anymore. 

Once I was back at my desk upstairs, I reached for my protein pack,
knocking over my water bottle onto the coconut in the process. I quickly
stood up the bottle, and dabbed at the coconut with a towel for a bit.
The added moisture revealed to me a small seam on the side of the
coconut. It looked almost as if I could separate that section from the
rest of the husk. I pried at it for a bit with my hand and eventually
graduated to banging on it with a screw driver and the butt of a metal
thermos. The seam didn’t separate any further than what it had been at
when I first noticed it, just a small divot that ran a few inches down
the side and then back up into itself, forming an oval. 

For the sake of experimentation, I poured some more water over the
coconut, causing another small seam to form on the other side of the
husk, as well as two more small ones on the bottom. With as much
strength as I could muster, which wasn’t much considering my occupation,
the husk of the coconut would not break. I was able to shave off a bit
of the husk, but that led me to nothing but a coconut with a bald spot.
I eventually decided to leave the coconut in a tray of water for a few
hours while I found something else to do. I think I cleaned some
beakers. 

After a few hours of bullshit and slacking, I returned to my lab,
finding the coconut gone from the tray, and a breezy, shattered hole in
the window  in front of where it had been. My brain immediately blamed
Barry for this. I had no real reason to blame the dude other than his
shit work ethic and shittier tidiness. 

I ran down to retrieve my coconut, as well as bitch out Barry for
messing with my shit. However, I didn’t find Barry in his lab, or in the
lobby, or the bathroom. I went out to check his greenhouse, but he
wasn’t there either. I poked my head outside the greenhouse zipper flap
to find the guy dead on the ground just outside his canopy, skull caved
in right below the shattered window. “Fuck.” was about all I could
muster as I stood there staring at the body with a block of lead in my
stomach. 

After what felt like an hour of staring in shock, I radioed the field
guys to let them know what happened. Not sure what these guys were up to
before working this gig, but none of them seemed as perturbed as I was
to see a caved in skull full of blood. Looked like a bowl of human soup
at the top of a body. 

Upon arrival, Bry and Zach loitered in the lobby while Randall stood
with me outside. All he did was look down at Barry on the ground for a
while, then look at the shattered glass by his body, then up at my
shattered window. 

“What fell?”, Randall asked. 

I was squatting on the ground at this point, trying not to throw up,
“The coconut you guys brought me… I think…”

He looked at me funny, “You’re not sure?”

I half ass threw my hands up and said, “Well the coconut was right up
there and now it’s gone… so…”

Randal nodded, “Right.” He scratched his chin for a second and we
started to hear some rustling coming from some shrubbery on the side of
the building. Upon hearing this, Randall immediately pulled a pistol out
from under his jacket, pointing it at the noise. 

“Hey, you can’t just kill it.”, I said, putting a hand on his arm,
immediately retracting it when given a glare. “My bad.” Randall shook
his head. 

“I’ll try and kill it conveniently, alright?”, he said insincerely.
After a little more rustling in the bush the coconut, now bipedal and
baring a single working right arm, slowly scooted out. There was a crack
in it, presumably from the fall out the window, and its left arm hadn’t
yet fully protruded from the husk. In the few seconds it stood there
still, I was able to observe the three pours facing us were vibrating
rapidly. Randall then shot it, sending it back through the brush,
shattering it against the brick of the building. 

I flinched and yelped like a bitch, throwing my arms up to plug my
ears. 

He holstered his gun with a smile. “Been a minute.” Bry and Zach rushed
outside at the sound of gun fire and Randall shook his head, holding his
hand up to them dismissively. Randall then turned to me, “Alright well,
me and the boys are gonna toss Barry quick.” He then pointed at the
shattered coconut, “You still need that?”

By then I was standing there with my hands on my face, my eyes veering
past my fingers in dismay, “Yah.”, I breathed out. 

Randall nodded and I stood there while he directed Zack and Bry to carry
my dead colleague to the back of their SUV. I watched Randall make some
calls and they eventually drove off. After that I just sat on the grass
for a while. A good, long while. Long enough for my caffeine patch to
wear off. I laid my head back on the grass, debating my occupation,
before I drifted into a light nap. 
