Triggers for the following: Animal abuse, self harm

When I first woke up, the only things I knew how to do was walk and
talk. My head was throbbing badly and my vision was blurry from the
blood trickling down my forehead. All memories before I woke up in those
woods were nonexistent as if my entire life had been snapped from my
mind in an instant. I was lost and confused, the only thing on my person
was the half ripped plaid shirt on my back and some black sweats caked
in mud.

I wandered for what felt like hours in that twisting fauna, barely
taking in anything around me… I was in a blind panic, one that nearly
got me hit when I wandered onto a road. The well worn red truck had
stopped before it hit me - Or maybe it already was stopping? It was hard
to tell anything at that point, the only thing pulling me out my panic
was the friendly face that ducked down to look me in the eyes.

“Good lord, Garrison? You alright?” That name didn’t ring any bells to
me, but I assumed he recognized me. The hand on my shoulder relaxed me
near instantly, I hadn’t realized how much I was shaking till then. A
handkerchief wiped my face, my eyes cleaned as I leaned into the
feeling.

“C’mon, I’ll take you over to my place, alright? Just hold that to your
head.” He didn’t wait for my answer, ushering me to his car, me holding
that handkerchief to my ringing mind. It was warm, I hadn’t realized how
cold it was - I felt like a damn newborn experiencing the world for the
first time. He asked me questions, mostly on what happened which I had
no clue about.

“You remember anything about yourself?”

“No.” Was my only response, concern furrowing on his brow. I was lucky
to stumble on someone who at least knew me, the rest of the drive pretty
silent before he pulled into a dirt road. The place he lived in was a
cozy little farm house, acres of land separating road from house and
house from woods. As he turned his car off, he looked to me with a
reassuring smile.

“Don’t worry then, me and Shirly will answer any questions you got!
Actually, dinners probably almost ready - You can take a shower and eat
with us, alright?” He introduced himself as Phil and led me into his
home as the short blonde woman came to greet us. He guided me to the
bathroom while updating her on the situation… I was given a towel, some
of Phil’s clothes, and free reign on any soaps in the bathroom before we
were separated.

As I looked at the mirror near the tub, I finally saw the horrid state I
was in. I was covered in dirt, on my face and in my shaggy brown hair. I
had to peel off the handkerchief that was now stuck to my head, a
makeshift bandage that’d finally stopped the bleeding. I could see a
large gash across my forehead that reached both my temples. It looked
manmade, but wasn’t the most concerning part. When that handkerchief was
off, something clanked into the porcelain of the sink. It was a
bloodied, long tooth. Not sharp but blunt, sort of rectangular, and
yellow like a rodent’s incisors. At closer inspection, I could see more
buried under the skin of my head, making indents as they all peeked from
the opening of my wound like some foul crown. What the fuck did I do to
myself? Each tooth was pushed out from under the skin by my hand, the
sting of each one making my eyes tear up. 22 tiny teeth in total, 4 long
ones and the rest molars of a small animal.

Each bloody tooth was dropped in the sink, I couldn’t help but look down
in horror at the sight. I needed to wash and I really didn’t want this
wound to get infected… So I scooped up all the teeth and dropped them in
the toilet before flushing them. After that I finally showered, dirt
that caked my nails and body tinged the water a deep brown. Blood and
sweat mixed to turn water into a dirty maroon for a short while, keeping
my head down I could see cuts in my body. Some probably made from my
staggering in the woods, but others had to be carved by hand. Repeating
symbols littering my legs and arms, washing away the blood showed they
were fresh, future scars no doubt. I didn’t want to linger on my sorry
state for long, I felt so grotesque… So I washed up and put on those
clean clothes that were given to me. Phil and I had a similar build,
found that out when I threw on the sweater he gave me, the matching
sweats sliding on nicely… 

When I left the bathroom, I tentatively walked down to see both Phil and
Shirly at the table. Between them was a steaming pot that smelled
amazing the moment the steam came up the stairs. Phil looked happy to
see me, glancing up at my forehead with concern.

“Ah- damn, you want us to wrap that up?” he asked, Shirly not waiting
for an answer as she got up.

“Sit, we’ll take care of you.” Phil pulled a chair out for me and I sat
as Shirly came back with a first aid kit. She wiped whatever blood still
stuck on my head, wincing at the pain of the disinfectant as she wrapped
a gauze around my head a couple of times. I took in the sight of their
home, a kitchen connected to a small dining area… In the dining room,
placed in a nook to the side was a fireplace that was lit, above it was
a trophy mount of a large deer’s head. The wall facing me had a doorway
that seemed to lead into their living room, a long brown couch peeking
from the opening as well as half a painting. From what I saw, it was the
bushy tail of a squirrel on a branch, the rest of it cut off by the wall
blocking the whole view. 

“My goodness Garry, what have you gotten yourself into?” Shirly spoke
playfully with a tinge of concern, that concern seemed to hang in the
air like a thick humidity on a hot summer’s day… These people must care
about me, I felt like a child in their care despite me being around the
same age as the two, mid 30’s to early 40’s. Once I was wrapped up, they
served me some of the stew Shirly made.

It was hot, the smell of potatoes and meat made my mouth water. I could
see carrots and I think onions floating around, the taste was divine as
if all I’d been eating before was the dirt I clawed my way through.
Potatoes melting with the carrots and that meat, it was almost like
turkey, maybe chicken? Hard to pin-point, but my god did it bring
everything together. Hadn’t realized how fast I was eating till it was
all gone, Phil and Shirly eating silently as they watched me with a
smile.

“I’m glad you enjoyed, been cookin’ this since the morning!” Shirly
whistled, I gave some sort of compliment on the meat, her scoffing with
a smile.

“You can thank the meat to Phil, he hunted it yesterday!”  Taking my
bowl, Shirly filled it again with more hot stew. She could probably
sense I was still hungry, I was, I didn’t realize how hungry I felt till
I started eating. This round was more tame, taking my time as Phil
cleared his throat.

“So… You don’t know anything about yourself, right?” I nodded, a frown
only gracing his face for a second before his soft smile came back.

“Then ask away! We’ll answer whatever we know, alright?” The two seemed
happy to listen to me, by now I could tell that they knew me so I was
filled in on a lot of things.

I’m not going to write out the whole conversation, but I can tell you
what I’ve learned:

1.  My name is Garrison J. (I’m not giving my last name for privacy.)
    but people call me Garry.
2.  I live in a small ‘commune’ farm town and there’s a little under 100
    people that live throughout the area. Houses are few and far
    between, so driving is your best bet to get anywhere.
3.  I’m a dentist that works in the town area’s ‘Big Smiles!’ dental
    office with a few other folk.
4.  I live alone, but get visited and visit most of the townsfolk in the
    area, I’m pretty popular from what Phil told me.
5.  I’ve only been missing since this morning.

Only missing since this morning really messed with me… How could I lose
my entire life story in a single day? I didn’t press about the teeth or
the cuts, really I was afraid to scare the two. They both seemed worried
for me and after finishing my second bowl I had asked if I could be
taken home.

“You sure you wanna go home? You can stay the night if you need!” It was
less me wanting to leave and more me wanting to learn more about
Garrison. Something was off, and scaring genuinely nice people wasn’t on
my docket. Everything I saw didn’t look accidental, nor did I think
someone else did it. I knew internally that I made those marks on
myself. It was like a weird innate feeling, one I made no peep about to
my friends. 

I only assured them I’d be fine and that they could come by tomorrow to
check on me. “I needed to be in a space I know to jog my memory” was
along the lines of excuses I gave. Phil was hesitant at first, but
relented with that same kind smile.

“Alright Garry… Just please be safe.” And with that, I was driven to my
home. It was around a 5 minute drive, I think we’d passed this house
while driving to his. My home wasn’t far from where I was in the woods.
When I got to my door, I almost panicked - My keys, were they in those
sweatpants I left in Phil’s home? But as I tried the door, it was
unlocked… Phil only pulled out the dirt road to my home once I headed
inside.

All the lights were on, it was a nice cozy place -  not too dissimilar
in layout to Phil’s. A kitchen that connected to a small dining room,
living room with a small tv and couch, upstairs a bathroom and bedroom.
Doing some digging, the first oddity was that I couldn’t find any mail…
No bills or letters, nothing physical. The area was weirdly sterile,
like I thoroughly cleaned before I left. My room had this computer I’m
using now, but there wasn’t anything on it. I must’ve system wiped
everything, I was greeted with a ‘welcome’ screen to create a new
password and such. The bed was made, clothes hung in the wardrobe,
bedroom trash empty. 

Downstairs was the same, in the living room I had a small tv and couch.
Next to the couch was a small shelf/table that held a lamp atop and was
filled with dental books - anatomy of the mouth, pulling one out had
revealed multiple little colored slips of papers bookmarking everything.
I plan on looking through those books more later on, the kitchen was the
last area I needed to check.

The dining room had that same nook fireplace, on the adjacent wall was
an anatomy poster of a human mouth, nothing too of note. I was lucky to
find that my house keys were on the kitchen counter… Sink empty, one of
the top cabinets held spices while the others held plates and cups. My
most concerning find, and partly the reason I named this thread what I
did, was what was in my kitchen’s trash.

Atop food waste and newspapers, already swarmed by flies, laid a dead
squirrel. Its body was twisted, broken, and its head faced the wrong
way. Its mouth notably had no teeth in it, the jaw snapped open as if it
was pulled by force. All of it looked like it was done by hand. It stunk
bad, probably rotting since this morning or maybe longer… Its eyes were
pushed in as if thumbs did the job and flies seemed to already be making
it their home. I tied the bag and left it outside. I don’t know what the
trash situation was, but I knew damn well I didn’t want that in my home.

Something else I noticed was that I didn’t have a car… I hadn’t really
registered that when I went in, I was so focused on going inside my
home. Do I even remember how to drive? I don’t know. Even now I’m still
lost. 

I don’t know who Garrison truly was, and despite how kindly Phil and
Shirly spoke about me, I don’t think he was a good person… I guess I’m
posting this all here to document my situation without worrying anyone
in my real life. I think Garrison knew he’d be back here with no
memories and he’s trying to hide as much as possible from me…

I’ll update if I discover anything else, but for now I’m so tired. 

Garry, signing out.
