Now I just want to prefix this with the statement that I never meant to
do it. Life is hard. Between the stress of work, stress of family,
stress of debt, just the general stress of life, it’s easy to maybe
accidentally mix too much alcohol with too many prescription pills. It
was an accident.

After a particularly bad day at work where we had a safety meeting that
felt all too squarely pointed at me paired with it being a Friday and
the type of weather that makes every joint I have throb and like my head
was about to explode. It made swallowing a fist full of pills and
downing it with my favorite beer or three… or five, and a couple gas
station burritos so my stomach doesn’t get upset. Yes, gas station
burritos was my entire safety blanket. I promptly dosed off on the
couch.

For the uninitiated amount you, heavy drinking has this tendency to rob
you of dreams. Thus the term blackout drunk. A bottle of your favorite
inebriant and you just wake up in a place different from where you
started and you are left with a puzzle of how you started from point A,
only to end up in point B. I, being the sophisticated drinker that I am,
am not too afraid that while on vacation, tequila is my lady. And that I
love to share a story about how I ruined a perfectly lovely family’s
meal in Mexico because my drunk self counted four of them and that’s how
many people I came with, so close enough, proceeding to sit down in
silence and chow down on the entire buffet pan of Asian noodles with
nothing but my bare hands and sheer determination. If nothing else, that
family got a story out of it too.

But we are off track. Usually when you drink that much, you don’t dream.
What happened to me, changed my life. And it leaves me wondering if it
was for the better… or less so. Leading me to ask strangers on the
internet, what any of it means.

After passing out on the couch I gasped awake, standing at the foot of a
pristine wood dock that stretched deep into this picturesque lake. I’m
not particularly skilled with words so I struggle with how to describe
such a sight. My best comparisons would be it looked like an expensive
postcard or one of those high quality screen savers. Trees wrapping
around this beautiful lake that I could barely see either end of, snow
capped mountains in the distance, behind me a simple trail that led to a
cabin. And at the end of the dock sat a man with his back to me, casting
a line into some of the clearest water imaginable. Next to him another
empty chair, a cooler, and a small grill releasing the scent of charred
meat to mingle with the humid forest breeze.

I don’t know why it all struck me as so awe inspiring. I’m not usually
one for seeing a scene like this and just drinking it in but the entire
thing struck me as just so peaceful. I’m the type of guy who worries
about everything but in that particular moment, it all just seemed to
have fallen off my back and for the first time it felt like I could
stand up straight. My body had none of its usual aches, I wasn’t worried
about car payments or mortgages or how I was going to pay for my son’s
braces. I think they call this serene.

I strode down the dock and approached the stranger, sitting in the chair
next to him. I haven’t looked directly at him yet, still captivated by
the lake. Looking down into the water I could see large fish swirling
about where his line bobbed but none seemed to be taking the bait.
Finally I looked over to him and immediately I could feel hot tears run
down my face.

While I didn’t immediately recognize the man I was hit with this all
encompassing feeling of recognition and before I could really stop
myself a trembling, “Grandpa?” Slipped out as I stared dumbfounded. See,
I never knew my father. He apparently liked to use my mom, brother, and
two sisters as punching bags so by the time I came around I guess he
wasn’t up for a fifth round so he took off. Leaving me to be raised by
my grandfather on my mother’s side. He raised me. I know that it’s
cliche to say that a parent or other figure made me who I was today, but
I idolized my grandfather. He was everything I wanted to be when I grew
up. Which is why it was so devastating to a pre teen me when he died of
a heart attack.

Now, this man next to me didn’t look like he was in his early seventies.
Looked surprisingly close to how I looked in my prime. A mid twenties or
maybe even early thirties, broad heat and back, thick arms, full head of
hair. When my grandfather died he had a potbelly and you could count the
individual hairs that made a horseshoe around his scalp. But I instantly
recognized him.

“Heya champ.”

It’s hard for me to write this part. I tear up so bad I can’t see my
screen which is how I know I must have been balling my eyes out on that
dock. But what I do remember is just throwing myself at him, getting my
arms around him and just squeezing. Not wanting to let go and fearing he
wouldn’t be there when I opened my eyes.

“Oh ho, hey now. Careful. You’ll scare the fish.”

It’s hard to describe the feeling that comes over you when you meet
someone you love after they’ve been away for so long. Not like a, oh my
wife went away for a week sorta thing. Like I said, he passed before I
was a proper teen and I’m in my mid thirties now. I went my entire adult
life without seeing him and I felt every second of that loss all in this
single instant. It took me a long time to recover from that. Slumping
back into my seat and furiously trying to wipe my eyes only for them to
fill up with tears again whenever I looked back over to him.

“Wanna beer?”

He asked me causally. Popping open the cooler next to him that I could
now see was full of ice and banquets. I’ve tasted beer before but that…
that beer was the single most delicious thing I’ve ever tasted. Cool,
crisp, instantly refreshing. I felt like one of those guys you see in a
commercial where every little reaction is cranked up to exaggerate the
taste but it was genuine to me. We just sat there in silence, drinking
together. I was so overwhelmed with questions that I wanted to ask him,
I wanted to tell him about my wife, my kids, his great grandkids, about
life, about how much I missed him that all these competing things could
never coordinate into words, so we just sat there.

But then it dawned on me. If he’s here… and I’m here…

“Is this… am I…”

He just laughed and thrust the rod into my hands, turning his attention
to the small grill next to him. Filling a small plate of wings. He’d
suck the meat from a drummlet and flick the bone into the water where
the fish would then frenzy and swarm, completely ignoring the bait on
the hook.

“No. No not yet.”

That was a small relief to hear. Sinking into my chair on my to have the
rod taken from. My hands and replaced by a plate of food. Pretty sure it
was just plain salt and pepper wings but with how they tasted and made
my head swim. Could have swore they were made of pure crack if not for a
lingering almost metallic taste. He spoke while I chowed down, in bliss
that I could have this moment with him.

“Remember when I brought with me to buy that blue convertible. I pulled
you out of school and took you to the dealership and when the sale was
done they took all those pictures and made a calendar for us.”

I laughed through a mouthful of food, “yeah. You got busted because when
you showed mom the calendar she asked why I was in the pictures.”

We both shared a little chuckle at that. He had always been so lonely
after grandma passed that he would sneakily pull me out of school just
to hang out, then drop me off back at school in time for the bus to take
me home or just down the road from my sitter.

“You have a decision to make. It’s one I had to make. It’s one everyone
has to make eventually.”

I didn’t know how to respond, there was still so much I wanted to tell
him. I had been so wrapped up in awe of just seeing him to realize I
hadn’t even spoken a word to him.

“Behind you, if you walk up the path and into the cabin. You return to
your life. You go back to your loving family. Wife. Kids. Ahead of you…”

He trailed off. The implication was enough that it did make my heart
sink a little. But then he hit me with the few words that makes every
man crumble.

“I’m so proud of you.”

That was it, I ugly cried at that. I sobbed, I cursed, I put my hands
over my face and leaned back letting out a long mournful shout into my
hands. It was this point, when all I had felt before was peace, I now
felt anguish.

I had put the weight of the world on my shoulders and in this moment I
had shed that weight. Now faced with the option of picking up that
burden again or… “what’s ahead of me?”

He just sat there a long moment, slowly nursing a beer, staring out over
the lake. “It’s different for everyone”.

‘Vague’ I thought to myself. Finally having the courage to push myself
out of my seat, him matching me, a giant smile on my face when I noticed
I was taller. He simply hugged me and I hugged him back. But where he
had felt so broad and firm before he now felt almost hollow. I felt in
that moment more like I was wrapping my arms around a ballon with not
enough air.

“Join me for a swim, sport.”

Before, I was all too ready to spend the rest of eternity on this dock
with my grandfather but now. Now his face had more lines than before,
like standing up aged him ten years. His eyes squinting heavily and
where they were this warm brown I swear I could almost make out
something like a spark of red. When I tried to break away from the
embrace it felt like iron nails were sinking into my back. I didn’t want
to hurt him but a jolt of pain became all too sobering. My hands shit to
his chest and I shoved him down into his chair with enough force that
the chair slid along the dock, colliding with and knocking the grill
next to him into the water. But where there should have been a splash
there was more of a splat and a wet gurgling. Not like how something
hits water and you get the initial splash the lapping of water, this was
more like it had hit mud and was now slowly sinking in.

I looked down at my grandfather and where thick callused hands had once
been were these elongated fingers that ended in needle like talons that
dripped a thin crimson on the dock. I wanted to look away and examine
where I could still feel the sharp sting but I feared taking my eyes off
him. Like he would pounce if I gave him the opportunity.

“I love you, grandpa…” was all I could think to say as I slowly back
away from him and back down the dock towards the cabin. Even though I no
longer felt like this… thing was him. It still felt good to say. I was
halfway down the dock when I felt comfortable enough to turn my back to
him, the scene of him staring at me from the seat, eyes growing larger,
skin getting looser, limbs growing so that his elbows rested on the dock
while he remained seated in the chair. It stills haunts me. But not as
much as what I heard it call out.

“I… shhooo… rooud… oh… yoooou…”

It repeated over and over, each time sounding more wrong than the last.
A wet slap hitting the dock with enough force that I could feel the
impact through my boots along with the squelch and oozing rumble of what
I could only assume was the thing trying to follow me. But I never
looked back. Long strides, maybe I was even jogging down the dock then
up the path to the cabin. I could feel the hair on my neck stand on end
as if something was looming over me, poised to strike the moment I
turned around. This panic fueling me to move forward faster, throwing
myself at the cabin door when I swore I could feel something clutching
for the back of my shirt.

I woke up to firemen and paramedics crowding me. Vomit down my shirt and
the distant wail of my wife. Like I said in the beginning, I never meant
to almost kill myself. I had unintentionally overdosed on back pain
medication and anti migraine pills that I had washed down with one too
many beers. I got the whole spiel of how dangerous it was to abuse
medications, the dangers of mixing alcohol with narcotics, and an
undeserved gut punch about being overweight.

That wasn’t the worst part. Neither was the fact that my wife took the
kids to stay with her sister. I have eight long gouges across my back.
Doctor says I must have scratched myself but I’m a big guy, I can’t
physically reach the spots these scratches were, and two of them were so
deep they required stitches. It has been three days since then and every
night I find myself looking down that same dock. Every time I see a
figure sitting in that chair facing away from me. And every time that
once pristine lake view looks a little more off. Sometimes the water
looks too dark, the air carries a more rotten scent, sometimes I swear I
can even see something trying to peek out of the water.

The more I think about it, the more I don’t think that thing in my first
dream was my grandfather. For starters, my grandpa never called me,
“sport” or “champ” or even “bucko”… my grandpa always called me “little
man”. He never… never, drank banquet or any coors. It was pilsner or
whiskey. He despised wings, he only ever ate ribs. Our thing was never
fishing, if we hung out it was either bowling or crib. After I started
pulling some of those details together I went and dug up a photo of him,
his eyes weren’t brown, they were this steely blue. He never owned a
convertible, or even a blue car for that matter. He bought a green
pickup truck, the same pickup truck I drive today. And one thing I can
now vividly remember… he had a crippling fear of the water.

In the many times I’ve woken up standing at the mouth of that dock, I
haven’t had the courage to go down it again. Every time I simply turn
around and walk back to the cabin. But every time, it feels more and
more difficult to walk away. The path gets steeper, it sits back further
in the trees, it’s further and further away. Sometimes it’s a simple
matter of just walking away but other times I am in a frantic dead
sprint with a fear that there is something right behind me and I wake up
exhausted and cover in sweat and scratches.

I can’t take it any more. Next time, I’m going to walk down that dock
and sit next to the thing and ask what it wants. I’m posting this as…
well I guess I don’t know why. As a record of what happened? Maybe I’m
holding out that someone else knows what’s happening to me, that
somebody else has gone through this and knows how to make it stop. I’m
so tired. Every night I see this dock. Every night I find myself running
further and further to escape it and I wake up more tired than when I
went to bed. So please… if anyone can, I need help. I struggle to keep
my eyes open during the day now and it’s just a matter of time before
I’m not fast enough to get away from that thing at the end of the dock.

I really wish there might be a next time.
