My junior year of high school, I had it all: a loving girlfriend, a big
group of friends, a starting left guard position on my school’s football
team, and a great older brother. I lived a pretty good life. All that
changed almost immediately after I turned 18. My brother died in a
workplace accident while unloading his dump truck; another truck turned
into his cab and crushed him. Due to losing one of the most important
people in my life, I soon became really quiet and withdrawn. All my
friends, except two, cut me off (thanks, Brent and Easton, for staying),
and my girlfriend dumped me as well.

But none of that hurt as much as when my mom looked at me and said my
brother’s name. My brother and I had always looked alike; the only
difference was that I was almost 6 inches taller. Hearing my mom call me
by his name completely broke me, and I turned to drinking and getting
high. It was all I lived for it helped numb the pain.

My one saving grace was an Irish wolfhound puppy my friend Brent gave
me. The puppy was completely white, so I named him Frost. He was the
only one in his litter that survived the birthing process.

I would take Frost, Brent, and Easton to my family farm almost every
weekend. The farm had been in my family since pioneers first came to
Kentucky. However, these days no one lived near the farm, and we could
not maintain animals or crops anymore. It still had acres of land around
it, almost 600 acres in total, all full of fields, woods, and decrepit,
crumbling houses long abandoned. So, the farm turned into a hunting
lodge for my family, but for me and my two friends, it was a sanctuary
to deal with our problems in life and just get away from everything.

Our sanctuary was disrupted last weekend. We were all spending the night
drinking and watching Netflix. While sitting in the living room, we
started arguing about whether college is like how they show it on the TV
show Blue Mountain State, when all of a sudden Brent shot up straight
and started looking around. I looked at him and asked, “You good, man?
Is the alcohol coming up?” Without saying a word, he jumped up and
turned off the TV and anything else making noise in the living room.
Easton got up and grabbed Brent, telling him, “Dude, what the freak is
your problem? What are you—” Brent shushed us, then said, “Did you hear
that?”

Easton and I went quiet. Brent said in a panicked voice, “I swear
there’s something outside the cabin.” After 10 minutes of calming Brent
down, we heard four owl hoots, each one getting higher-pitched and
sounding less and less birdlike.

My family has signals for different things, all consisting of bird
calls. A quail whistle means, “I shot an animal.” Three crow calls mean,
“I’m over here.” Four owl hoots mean, “Predator, bring a gun.” So,
hearing this, I had to go see if someone was out there.I couldn’t stand
the thought of losing anyone else, I would die before letting someone
else go .But before I turned the door handle, Frost went berserk. I
mean, he was jumping up and growling like a dog treeing a raccoon. The
very next second, something hammered at the door on the other side. Then
we heard something running away that soon turned into two things running
off the porch. Through a series of “WTFs” and Brent saying in gasps and
stumbling over furniture, “I know I heard something. I heard it in the
woods. How’d it get to the porch without us hearing it?” we finally
managed to get upstairs and grab two of the guns my family keeps at the
lodge.

We stayed in the cabin all night, awake. We aren’t a shitty version of
Scooby-Doo we aren’t gonna go and investigate something at 2:00 AM .
Staying up all night, we all agreed it might have just been some black
bears (they’re a problem in northern Kentucky in the more rural areas),
but if those were bears, it would have to be a bear that could run on
two legs and smoothly transition into running on all fours without
breaking stride—or at least that’s what its footprints suggest. We
followed them the next morning. They led all the way to the field next
to the lodge, where they just vanished. Not ran off or faded; in the
middle of a muddy field, they just disappeared. We left all the alcohol
and weed, and we didn’t stop once on the way home and finally after 4
hours of driving we had made it back too our houses and we all left
without talking about it again. That was a week ago but I can’t stop
thinking about it. I ain’t a bear expert but I swear that wasn’t a bear.
I’m gonna try to get Brent and Easton to go again some time in the next
couple of weeks, they may not want too talk about it but I need too talk
about and I will have too talk about it. I’ll keep you all updated if we
find anything
