Ever since I was little, I’ve had strange dreams, bordering on night
terrors. I know, everyone dreams some weird shit every now and again,
but these are consistent, and vivid. It got to the point that it was
easier to keep track of the nights I didn’t dream than the ones I did

When I was little, my parents started taking me to a therapist;
considering I’d wake up screaming every morning, and would spend an hour
practically inconsolable, I don’t blame them. We went through different
medications like candy, none of them worked. Eventually, over time, I
‘calmed down’. The night terrors never stopped, I just got better at
managing my reactions to them. I felt like a burden, and was desperate
to make my parents feel better, to stop seeing the lines in their brow
and the persistent grey streak getting larger and larger on my mom’s
head.

I got older, and eventually moved out of the house, and into my own
apartment. My therapist, a woman who’d all-but grown up alongside,
helped me with the transition, to the point that her husband was there
right alongside my dad, carting a dusty Panasonic up the stairs. You
might call that boundary crossing, or some other medical term, but we’d
been seeing her for so long that her family was practically friends to
our own.

The light of the apartment was dim as I sat the last of the boxes down.
Flipping on a light revealed a rather pathetic bulb, presumably worn
down by the last owner of the place and never switched out. My mom stood
underneath it, eyes piercing through the gloom as she looked around.

“It’s… humble,” Kinder words than I would’ve used, but it was the
cheapest place I could find.

A hand clapped my shoulder, and I glanced to the side, “Proud of you,
son,” He had that look on his face, the sort of ‘not-quite-tears’ I’d
come to know my dad for; it was the very same one he’d had on his face
when the nightmares had ‘stopped’.

I let a smile drift onto my face, “Thanks dad,”

Time after that drifted like molasses. They helped me unpack for a
little while, ordered a pizza, and I enjoyed an evening of polite
conversation before finally being left on my own. The light was low on
the horizon by that point, threatening to abscond my shabby abode in
pure dark, were it not for the weak flickering of the bulb above my
head.

I tracked through my nightly routine, setting up the affects of human
life as I went. When the last of the balm was applied to my face, and my
terth were clean, I stared at myself in the mirror. I was pale, the kind
I could imagine on a soldier’s face as they departed for war, or when
the bombs started dropping and you knew you had nowhere to run.

In highschool, I’d tried staying awake. Drinking caffeine like it was
water, up to the point that my heart buzzed like a bumblebee up against
my ears. Maybe life would’ve gone differently if that worked. But that
was the insidious part. No matter what I did, how far I went, I always
fell asleep. Like clockwork, I passed out, always before eleven o’clock.

Laying down, staring at the ceiling, there was nothing to hint at the
idea that tonight would be any different. My mind was still a quiet
curtain, swaying in the breeze, thoughts a distant backrop as a hesitant
downpour began outside. I even got so far as to closing my eyes when I
heard it.

Describing the sound would be next to impossible. It wasn’t loud, wasn’t
even particularly disturbing. To my ears, it felt like a scratch; the
sort that might come from a mouse. All-in-all, there was absolutely no
reason for my heart to be racing, thundering against my ribcage, for my
entire body to be shaking as I slammed up, and out of bed.

For a long minute, all I did was stand there, the current under my skin
slowly dissipating as I stared around the dark room. I was still alone,
and I was still… I was still awake. Rubbing at my eyes, the last of the
adrenaline fading, I stared at the time. One O’Clock.

I blinked down at my phone. I never woke up early, never took naps, or
fell asleep for periods of time that could be considered naps. Each time
I fell asleep, I was locked into the night terror until it was over,
until it had imparted upon me whatever horror it deigned my mind to
recieve.

But more important than that, I didn’t remember falling asleep to begin
with. I’d laid down at eight, and after what I thought to be two or
three minutes, I heard the scratch.

A part of me itched to call my parents, to tell them about the incident.
No doubt my mom would have some semi-soothing words about the normality
of occasional sleep irregularities, and my dad would have some funny
story about a similar incident in his childhood. Maybe I’d even manage
to pretend to feel better enough that I actually did feel better.

Sitting down, listening to the bed creek, I strained my ears, listening
to the rustling of the pipes, the shifting of my apartment. It wasn’t so
hard to imagine the scratch as just another noise along the long litany
of such noises, was it? All part of some building that had more than
certainly seen better days.

I’m not quite certain when I fell asleep, but I did dream that night.
Only, it was unlike any of the night terrors I’d had before. This one
was loud, an unearthly crescendo, shaking my body down to the core as
something burgeoned out a horrid miasma, the colors distorting so much
that they hurt my eyes to look at.

And I didn’t wake up. At least, not in the way I usually do, with a
clear and defined line between the dream and reality. This… this
lingered, the horrid scream sitting behind my ears, the colors playing
along my closed eyes at such a rapid rate that I nearly tore them open.

I was on my floor, blanket cascading over the side, hands pressed
against the ancient but cool floorboards. My stomach revolted,
threatening mutiny, as I pulled myself out of bed. There were still
flashes of… it, as I moved into the bathroom.

Shaking, I splashed water against my face. That, at last, dispelled
whatever was waiting behind my every blink. Breathing a sigh of relief,
I went into the kitchen, and pulled out the box of pizza.

My dreams were always still-things, leaving me trapped within the
confines of early onset rigor mortis, like most people. No doubt if they
hadn’t been, I wouldn’t have been able to hide my night terrors so
effectively. Maybe this was the universe’s conception of a cruel joke.

By the late afternoon, I’d managed to explain away all of the other
oddities. People online have had similar experiences, at least so far as
lingering hallucinations go. And for the time, that was enough for me.

The next few weeks were the same; the scratch, the adrenaline, the
dream. I tricked myself into believing it was just the new routine;
ignoring the steady build of dread that built into my stomach, ignoring
the fact that, each day, the hallucinations lasted just a little bit
longer. My ignorance lasted right up until the moment that it simply
broke.

Before I knew how to write with a steady hand, I’d been given a
sketchbook by my therapist, where she would instruct me to draw my
dreams, to the best of my ability. I hardly looked at the old drawings,
never really having a need to; I could remember each one vividly, could
recall the exact nightmare they came from. But something about the last
few weeks had made me come back to them, had made me buy a new one.

And then came the night, that night. The scratch had been the most
persistent part of my nightly routine. Every color I experienced in that
persistent nightmare was different, often ranging so far outside of my
purview to adequately describe. But the scratch was the same. Until it
wasn’t, until the moment it got louder and revealed exactly what it was.

For weeks, I convinced myself it was just an oddly placed pipe, rubbing
up against something at the same time every night because that was when
a rather orderly person flushed their toilet or something. But when I
heard it, truly heard it, I knew it was the sound of something tearing
apart. The sound of flesh ripping.

I tried to pull myself out of bed as I bad so many times before, but
this time, this time it didn’t let me. My grip on the blanket loosened
as sleep was forced upon me. It was loud, louder than it had ever been,
crowding down on all sides in a gigantic heave, a scream that should’ve
fractured my eardrums, a hairsplitting roar so loud the air itself
warped and warbled.

And then there was the color, a kaleidoscope that fractured through
human limitation, and torched the soul forced to percieve it. It was
faster and more violent than it had ever been.

I stumbled out of bed, tears were slick down my face as I drunkenly
hobbled over to the sketchpad. My hands felt numb and distant as they
moved to scrawl across the page, blindly summoning forth the vague shape
in the middle of the fractals. Where it waited, the gaping thing whose
mouth ushered forth the unholy nouse still assaulting my ears.

When I was done, I stared at what remained of the page. There were tears
from how hard my hand had forced the pencil down, odd lines I didn’t
remember scratching down. But even what I had drawn hadn’t been enough.
The sheer totality of the shape was barely glimpsed.

I collapsed, a puppet with my strings cut as I struggled to breathe, to
gasp down as much air as my lungs could handle.

Minutes ticked by, and I made a choice, picking up my phone and calling
my mom.

“M-mom?”

“Sweetie, is everything alright?”

My mouth opened, and something happened; cold, rusted iron slithering
its way onto my tongue, “Yeah, everything’s fine, just calling to check
in, feeling a bit lonely, is all,” The voice, the cadence, they were
mine, but…

“Oh we’re doing alright. Actually, I was gonna call to invite you, we’re
having a barbecue next week, if you wanna stop by,”

I choked, trying to hold the air in my lungs, to do something, but it
didn’t matter, whatever had stolen my voice forced its way out of me,
“I’ll have to think about it. You know how hectic a move can be, I’m
certain. I want my place to be actually presentable, that way I can
start having people over,”

“Oh, of course! I wouldn’t want to pressure you. Is that all you wanted
to talk about?”

“Yes, thank you. Goodbye,”

“Goodbye sweetie,”

After that point, the nightmare took a new edge. Anytime I tried to get
close the door, I felt it. A cold iron manicle that clamped down on my
mind. Whatever it was, it wouldn’t even let me get close to leaving.

I burned through what little coffee I had, relieved to find that now,
for whatever reason, it worked to keep me awake. It didn’t stop the
tear, the sound somehow louder now that I knew what it was.

But I couldn’t resist sleep forever, and when sleep finally overtook me,
I saw it. Strange geometrkc shapes burned themselves into my brain, so
much so that it hurt. Thoughts twisted and warped, archaic shapes
spilling outwards into ideas, into lanscapes. I screamed, my own
scrambled mess of pleading barely comparing to the thing.

I wasn’t certain when I woke up, when I ended up scrawling into the
sketchbook. But by the time I was done, morning had transformed into
evening, and the sound hadn’t stopped.

As I sit here writing this, I can still feel it. The fractals blurring
the edge of my vision, the expansion of my sight, like a constricting,
slithering viper. Like my eyes are bleeding, like their breathing.

There’s… there’s something out there, something vast, something
cataclysmic. And it’s being eaten by something far, far worst.
