In 1974, Jane Goodall noticed two splintering groups of chimpanzees in
Gombe National Park in Tanzania. Everything started when six adult males
from the Kasakela community ambushed a single Kahama male feeding on a
tree. The lone Kahama male attempted to flee, but he was caught. They
threw him onto the ground and beat him to death. That was the first
casualty in what would become a four-year war between two chimpanzee
communities.

Jane Goodall was shocked by this war. Through her research she always
assumed chimpanzees were similar to humans, but nicer. She had to now
deal with the war, the cannibalism, and even the infanticide she
witnessed. The conflicts were brutal and even organized. The conclusion
was even more brutal, though. It looks like our closest living relatives
are far more similar to us than we would like to think.

My name is James, and I am a photographer who’s been lucky enough to
have had a couple of my photographs featured in some notable magazines.
Of course, as you could have probably guessed by everything I’ve already
said, my real love is to actually see these chimpanzees; unfortunately,
my dream came true two months ago.

A little over two months ago, I heard from a friend who stays near a
large community of chimpanzees in Tanzania that it seems there is
another splintering happening. I was so excited. I packed my bags and
booked a flight, luckily lodging was not difficult, as I could stay with
my friend. All I had to do was worry about bringing my cameras and
documenting everything!

When I finally arrived, I greeted my friend, Michael, and he showed me
around the town before we finally made it to his home. After I got
settled in, I asked the locals about anything they may have seen, and
for the most part, nobody had anything to say. A few guys confirmed that
they’ve heard more noise from the chimpanzees than usual, but one guy
said something I dismissed at first. I found a man that lived alone
outside of town who claimed that he was inspired by Jane Goodall, and
ever since she documented that chimpanzee war, he chose to stay with
them. He apparently stayed with them for over forty years before he
finally settled back into a home. It was interesting, but I had all I
needed.

It was finally time for me to rest up because the next day is when it
all begins. I made sure I grabbed everything that I needed: my cameras’
batteries, a satellite phone, and a multi-tool knife. Michael offered me
a handgun, just in case, but I didn’t feel comfortable, and I turned it
down. I soon embarked on my journey to find these apes and capture
photographs that would hopefully win awards. Luckily, through basic
directions, I found them rather quickly and began taking photos. Many
mothers with their children, many males walking about, and just chimps
doing what chimps do.

I was growing bored. Hours pass and they haven’t really done much
outside the things I’ve already photographed. I thought a war was
brewing; why were they just doing nothing?? It made no sense to me, but
I continued. I would explore around just getting the same kind of shots
I’ve been getting. But around the late afternoon, almost evening, I
spotted something weird. A group of males were huddled around an
obsidian deposit. I thought it seemed odd the way they were huddles. I
figured this was my chance to capture something different! Maybe
something groundbreaking! And unfortunately, I was right.

I zoomed in on my camera and saw that they were messing with something,
but between the plant life and the huddled mass of chimpanzees, I
couldn’t see much else. But I kept focus. After some time I soon saw
what it was that they were doing. They were rolling broken branches
around the shattered pieces of obsidian, and that’s when I noticed
something else. The branch was coated in what appeared to be some kind
of sap or resin. The obsidian was sticking to the branches. I was right.
I was right when I knew I would make the greatest discovery.

To give an idea of how monumental this is, this isn’t normal behavior
for any ape species alive, outside of humans. If I were to try to gauge
the technological era they seem to be in, at least using human history
as a measurement, it appears to be pre-stone age or proto-stone age.
What I mean by that is that they seem to be mirroring aspects of stone
tool usage that possibly were utilized by australopithecines before the
arrival of Homo habilis.

Some of you may be wondering, “Well, if they are using stone tools,
isn’t that the Stone Age?” and the answer to that is, not really.
Definitions can vary some, but the stone age is typically defined as
shaping the tool for usage. This appears to be opportunistic. What
really fascinated me, though, is that they used sap or resin as a way to
keep the obsidian on the branch. It’s not like they were organizing the
stones or even picking them out or even fastening them in any complex
way, but this very process is not what we see in pre-stone age tool
making. I can not even imagine where they got this idea. But I took many
photographs.

Dusk was approaching, so I decided to try and make my way back to
Michael’s house. It was really no more than a thirty-minute walk. So I
began to pack up until I heard some rustling. I spotted a chimpanzee
watching these males. I pulled my camera back out; I watched and waited,
and sure enough, the others noticed the lurker. What came next almost
made my stomach come up and my heart drop down. I saw one of the males
chase and grab the spying chimpanzee and slam him to the ground, and the
others used their new clubs, with stones sharper than a scalpel, on that
chimpanzee. It was something I could never have been prepared for, but I
knew I had to capture it for documentation.

The images may be lost now, but they are seared into my brain. The
thudding sound that has a smaller sound of a wet snap. The closest
comparison would be like beating a watermelon with a hammer, but even
that doesn’t do it justice. Foley artists may attempt such things, and
it may be a sound one would expect from a movie, but real life isn’t as
pretty. The sound is something I can’t describe without you having heard
the sounds yourself. The dim lighting thankfully obscured the gore to a
degree, but the carnage is brutal. Blood, meat, and bone were being
mashed together until it looked halfway like ground beef. I kept trying
to take more pictures. Unfortunately I was so out of it that I
accidentally set off the flash and was noticed.

Before I knew it, I was running for my life. I don’t even know how many
chimps were after me; all I knew was that I had multiple armed
chimpanzees that honestly were stronger than me. If pound for pound,
easily almost double my strength. These were monsters in my eyes at that
moment, and the forest was getting darker. I could hear the hollering
and twigs snapping and trees being struck. I knew I was going to die. I
knew I was going to die as soon as I tripped and rolled over. I’m sure
my ankle snapped and one of the chimpanzees stood over me. He looked
like Goliath to me at that moment, a weapon-wielding giant ready to kill
me.

I closed my eyes and I felt the club smash through my leg. The pain was
indescribable; the little shards of volcanic glass sliced through my
leg, and blood was pouring. But I still kept moving instinctually. I
couldn’t stand yet, but it gave me time to live a little longer as it
kept getting closer, and soon the others joined up. If I can just get to
the road, maybe I can be saved. But these apes did were not backing off,
they weren’t going to stop soon enough. But I had one last plan, as much
as I hate it. I quickly took my utility knife and a lighter and cut
where the battery port was lighting up the other side of the camera.
This already caught them off guard, but what came next was something
they could have never expected. I tossed it towards them, and one of
them tried hitting it, causing the lithium battery to burst and ignite,
causing a boom.

They ran off from the boom and the fire; this was my only chance to
escape. I ditched everything I had and crawled to the road. I kept
crawling, hoping for someone. And soon I could hear the hollering again.
They were coming back, so I kept crawling until I saw a familiar truck
driving slowly. I tossed a small rock to get his attention, and the
truck came to a stop. The driver stepped out, and it was my friend
Michael. When I didn’t show up after dark, he became worried, so he used
the GPS data from my satellite phone to find me, and then he heard the
explosion and followed the sound.

I was taken to a hospital nearby and had to not only get surgery on my
leg but was even told that it may not even heal right. That even after
all the work they have done, I will still struggle with walking. But I
guess I should count my blessings. I should be glad that despite the
technological achievement, they still behaved like chimpanzees. Which
leads me to wonder how they learned to make that weapon. The technique
isn’t a natural progression for tool-making and seems off. Even worse,
how many of them have learned this? What’s going to happen? Will they
over hunt the monkeys that they love hunting already? Will they soon
find conflict with more humans? There are too many questions, and I’m
honestly too tired to even care anymore.

I know most of you won’t care; it really wouldn’t apply to you, but be
careful. Something is happening and I do not see the situation getting
better. Keep your eyes on the news; if they even cover it, this is going
to be the most brutal war in chimpanzee history, and the ecological
impact will be on a scale not seen since our ancestors entered the Stone
Age. Animals are going to die in large numbers, and even people may die.
Please be careful.
