I’ve been on a solo boat trip from Marina del Rey to Honolulu for a
couple of weeks now. Nothing onboard my small ship has fallen apart as
of yet and things have been going surprisingly smooth for my first time
sailing on open waters. At least, up until last night.

I listened to the wood of the bow creak faintly as water splashed
against the small ship’s exterior. The soft winds drifted over the
crescent waves as the sun began to set below the Pacific. The sky was a
gradient of pink to orange, reflecting off of an ever-shifting ocean,
creating a neon soup for Elysium to slice through. As the light around
me began to dim, the horizon’s silhouette revealed nothing but the edge
of the Earth. I was reminded just how far away from land I truly was.
Just me and my suitcase.

I spent the last six months of my life devoted to installing everything
on this ship myself. In truth, I could’ve afforded one that was already
fitted with all of the amenities after selling our house, but in a true
“give a man a fish” situation, I decided to learn how to fish.

I didn’t want to be caught out in the middle of the ocean with a busted
Chartplotter, unsure of how to fix it, sailing blindly into the
darkness. Luckily, so far everything was running perfectly fine with no
signs of trouble.
I ran through my mental checklist one more time, double-checking that
everything was in order before getting ready to savor what little sleep
I could afford that night. The AIS on board, which broadcasts mine and
other ships’ locations, hadn’t picked up another vessel since day
fifteen and was still clear. I had gotten used to being alone out here.
In fact, it was preferred.

All of the estimates for my arrival in Honolulu put it at anywhere
between nineteen and twenty-two days, depending on factors like the
winds, or changes in the current. I took out my leather journal and
revealed the well-worn pages within. I went to the most recent entry and
marked off the twenty-fifth night I would spend on Elysium. There was
still no land in sight.

The delay didn’t worry me. I had packed enough food for well over thirty
days and everything on the Chartplotter was still reading correctly. My
guess is that I didn’t account for the ocean’s currents well enough and
drifted off course a few times without realizing it. Whatever it might
have been, I wasn’t going to figure it out with such a cloudy mind.
I needed sleep.

I switched on the running lights as the last bit of sun disappeared
behind the horizon like a biscuit being dipped into warm tea. The red
and green lights bathed the ship in an eerie glow as I made my way below
deck.

Passing by the small stove in the main cabin, I pushed open the doors to
the sleeping quarters. It’s barely big enough to hold one full-sized
human, but with my back against the hull and my feet up on the cushion,
it was the comfiest place for a hundred miles around. I took out my
phone to set the first of three alarms. The second would be on my
wristwatch and the third on a digital clock I fastened to the inner
wall. The ship swayed gently back and forth beneath me. The light
hanging above shifted its shadows across the room as it swung, lighting
up a different dark corner every couple of seconds in rhythm with the
waves. I laid my head back against the hull and closed my eyes,
listening intently to the sounds around me.

Becoming more familiar with the regular noises of the ship helps you
know when something can go wrong sooner. After so much time on the water
you begin to recognize the familiar creaks and moans of the wood, the
hum of the autopilot motor and the specific timing of waves slapping
against the hull. All of them created a cacophony that carried me off to
sleep. Although sadly, it’s rare to truly “sleep” when you’re sailing
alone. You can let your mind and body rest but the second you enter deep
sleep you put yourself, and others, in a lot of danger. At the end of
the day, the sea doesn’t care how reliable your autopilot is and a cargo
ship doesn’t have time to move out of your way.

Luckily for me, a steady stream of nightmares would keep me from getting
sound sleep whether or not I wanted it. The very same nightmares that
led me to making this trip in the first place.

I slipped my hand into my pocket and pulled out an old arcade token I’ve
kept since childhood. The gold coin still shined like brand new as I
flipped it slowly between my fingers. My eyes began to close as my head
rested against the ship. The steady repetition of sounds began to lull
me into a sense of relaxation.

The smack of water against the ship.
The creak of the bow.
The hum of the motor.

My breath began to slow and my thoughts began to drift away.

Water smacks.
Bow creaks.
Motor hums.

The face of my wife began to appear behind my eyes as a dream took form…

Water.
Bow.
Motor.

Footstep.

My eyes darted open. I put the token back in my pocket and waited for a
moment, unsure if what I heard could’ve just been an auditory
hallucination. The air below deck grew still as I listened closer.

Then I heard it again.

The wood above me groaned loudly as someone, or something, stepped
across the deck.

My mind began to flutter with reasonable explanations but nothing stuck.
If it was someone from another vessel my AIS’s alarm would’ve sounded
well before they got close enough to board without me noticing. I’ve
heard horror stories of people being boarded by modern-day pirates and
robbed for everything they had, sometimes left for dead, floating in the
middle of the ocean. But those were rarer than shark attacks. The
thought alone was still enough to make my heart begin to race. That’s
when I remembered the pistol inside of the drawer in the main cabin.

I knew that no matter who it was, at the end of the day this was my ship
and I’d be damned if anyone else was going to take control of it.

As quickly and quietly as possible, I slid off of the bed and moved
toward the main cabin. The drawer slipped open as I pulled out the gun I
had hoped to never use again. On my way to the stairs I heard another
footstep outside. The sound was getting closer to the doorway but just
out of view. I debated between calling out for a response or praying
they didn’t know I was awake yet and getting the jump on them.

I heard another footstep just outside and my body decided for me as the
words left my mouth before I could even think.

“Who’s out there?” I shouted.

There was no answer.

I stepped closer to the stairs and slowly began to ascend. “Listen,” I
continued. “I don’t know how you got on my ship but if you don’t make
yourself known on the count of three, I’m going to come out firing.” I
waited a moment, listening for a splash in hopes that was enough to
scare them overboard.

But there was still nothing.

“Three…” I moved closer to the doorway, dipping my head down to avoid
smacking the roof.

“Two…” The grip tightened on the pistol.

“One!” I jumped out from below deck and pointed the gun toward the
source of the last footstep, still screaming. Out of pure adrenaline I
almost pulled the trigger before realizing that I was looking at nothing
but open ocean. Frantically, I turned my head to scan the rest of the
ship but there was no one in sight. I took a step forward to investigate
more when my foot hit something solid. I looked down to find my only
suitcase was sitting below where I had been aiming my gun.

The last time I saw that suitcase it was strapped under the bed below
deck. I don’t remember taking it out recently but even if I had, I would
have surely remembered to tie it back up. But the sense of relief in
finding no one on my ship outweighed the confusion over my suitcase. I
wrapped my fingers around the old leather handle and shook my head as I
pulled it off the floor.

My whole life in one bag… I thought to myself.

I turned back toward the front of the ship and that was when I saw it.

Something was floating in the middle of the ocean, completely still,
almost 30 yards in front of the boat. In the dark it was hard to make
out exactly what I was looking at, but as the boat moved closer, I could
make out the shape of a person.

A woman.

Her soaking wet hair draped over her face as she stared off into the
black of night. She finally made eye contact with me and began to
scream.

“Help! Please!” She shrieked at the top of her lungs louder than I had
ever heard anyone scream before. She began to frantically thrash her
body around, attempting to swim toward the boat. I could tell she was
struggling to stay above water now. “Oh my God, Please! Please! Hurry!”
Her words started to become gurgled from the water flowing over her face
in the panic.

I quickly dropped the suitcase and strapped myself into the harness
attached to Elysium before jumping into the water. The initial shock of
the cold water made my muscles tense before I began swimming toward her.
I tried to come up behind her to pull her into my body, but she was
still flailing too much to safely grab her. I tried to hold onto to one
of her arms, but she pulled it down below the water, along with me. As I
resurfaced I noticed the small gold coin in my pocket begin to slide out
before sinking slowly into the deep abyss before I could react.

She had finally calmed down enough for me to grab her and begin pulling
us into the boat with the rope of the harness. My strength was waning
against the current, but after a few more pulls, we made it to the
ladder of the ship.

I brought her below deck and pulled a few towels and large blankets out,
wrapping them around her as she shook violently.

“Ma’am, are you seriously injured at all?” She sat on the bench, staring
out of the small porthole of the ship as water lapped just at the
surface.

She didn’t answer.

“How long have you been out here? I haven’t seen another ship for days.”
I could hear the tone of my voice becoming more impatient, but deep down
I knew it wasn’t fair to dump this many questions on her so quickly. I
took a deep breath and continued. “Listen, just dry off and warm up down
here. Whenever you’re ready to talk I’ll be…” then a soft voice
interrupted me.

“Thank you…” she muttered, still looking out of the porthole.

“Of course, I couldn’t just let you drown.”

She shook her head, “No… thank you for getting to me first.”

“First?” I turned to face her. “Before what?”

She turned her head to finally look me in the eyes. “Whatever is under
your boat right now…”
