I had been saving up for the concert for months. I had everything
planned down to what underwear I would be wearing the night of. But when
I got to my hotel to check in; they told me there had been a mistake and
there weren’t any rooms available.

It turned out, there was some big convention happening the same weekend
as the concert. The hotel had over booked, and every room was checked
into and filled for the weekend.

I had flown here, so sleeping in my car wasn’t an option.
Trying not to panic, I called other hotels, but couldn’t find anything
for the night.

Defeated, I called my wife and asked what I should do. She paused, and
asked why I didn’t just get an Airbnb for the night.

*Oh. Yeah. I was gonna do that.*

My wife laughed, we exchanged ‘I love you’s’ and she wished me luck.

I kind of wish I had just gone home then.

I downloaded the app and started browsing before I left the hotel lobby,
by the skin of my teeth, I had gotten lucky and found one place
available, not egregiously far from the venue either.

It looked kind of rough in the preview pictures. The sunny day that they
had been taken on just accentuated its dilapidated state. Peeling paint,
dead lawn, like it had sat in an endless summer. The bedroom I would be
staying in reminded me of a barebones, minimalist room I had briefly
stayed in as a youth at some Christian summer camp; hell, it even had a
tacky hand-carved Jesus on the cross hanging above the bed.

I wasn’t looking for style or comfort though. I would have taken a
locking doghouse at that point.

I got an uber from the hotel to the house, it was almost midnight and I
could barely see. I took out my phone to use the flashlight and made my
way up the driveway to the door. The app had given me the combo to a key
box at the front door, I punched it in and took the key, grinning.

*The future is here* I thought to myself, knowing full well how rapidly
I was becoming a fossil. I couldn’t help but smile and think about how I
would never need to be at the mercy of a hotel again. I slid the key
into the lock and the door creaked open.

The first thing that hit me was the smell. It was like 10 amalgamated
years of perfume and dust climbed up my nose at once and began duking it
out for nostril domination. I poked my head back outside and gasped for
a breath, leaving the door open to air out the house a bit before
heading back.

The next thing that hit me was the heat. Here it was the middle of
summer, and it felt like somebody had the heat cranked. I tried to open
a window, but every one I tried had been painted shut. I tried to find a
source for the heat but came up empty handed.

Exhausted, I made my way to my room, flopped on the bed, and damn near
broke my back. It felt like the thing was made of cement.

Sweating like a rotisserie pig, I stripped to my underwear and crawled
back on top of the scratchy wool comforter and began wondering if this
whole place was some sick joke run by a Patrick Bateman type, when I
heard it.

*Scrape, scrape, squeak, scrape, squeak, scrape.*

The place had rats in the walls.

I rolled over to scream into my pillow in frustration, and made out with
a cloud of dust. Sputtering, I got up and went to find another room to
sleep in.

I tried a door down the hall, locked. Not sure I wanted to go in there
anyway though as it seemed to be where the nauseating scent of perfume
was spawning from. I tried the next door in the hall, bathroom.

*Perfect* I thought. I hadn’t slept in a bathtub since my college days,
but it would have to do for the night.

I crawled into the tub and got into a fetal position and closed my eyes,
trying my best to summon 40 winks, then froze. I felt something brush up
my leg and into my boxers.

I jumped up, completely losing my mind. The rat began to crawl all over
and took some nasty bites. I began swatting at my underwear, trying to
smack the thing out, but it frantically zoomed from spot to spot, biting
chunk after chunk out of me like some bear trap mouthed Tasmanian devil.

I ripped my boxers off and luckily for me, the rat was trapped inside. I
grabbed the boxers and swung it above my head like a rock in a sling
before bringing it down on the bathroom sink. Hard.

Ceramic chipped away underneath it and I heard a wet crunch, like biting
into cornflakes and slurping down milk at the same time. I looked down
at the soggy slumped mess soaking through my boxers, then up to the
mirror and began to laugh. I looked absolutely psychotic. Naked, arms
out to my sides like Donkey Kong and my hair was slicked back from
sweating.

I looked down at myself, some of the bites were so deep they were
bruised and hadn’t started bleeding yet. Others were leaking a fair bit.

I began unwadding the boxers to find the biggest, fattest, meanest brown
rat I had ever seen. The thing must have been close to two pounds and
the teeth were like a beavers, but razer sharp. The thing had partially
exploded on impact and I was done looking at it, but I heard more
squeaks from the bathtub.

To my absolute horror, dozens and dozens more rats began flooding out of
the drain and quickly began filling up the tub.

I ran out of the bathroom and slammed the door behind me. I was going to
make a break for the front door, naked or not in a strange neighborhood,
etiquette be damned.

I pounded the hallway but skidded to a stop. More rats were flooding
through the mail slot at the front of the door. I turned around, rats
coming out of the kitchen sink. Back down the hall, I could see rats
trying to squeeze under the bathroom door.

The shrill squeals of the rats were deafening now. I felt trapped, but
in some last desperate attempt at salvation, I flung the broom closet
open. Completely empty, except for the trap door at the bottom. I swung
it up and jumped in.

I had to crouch, but I was under the house now. I was boxed in and
feeling claustrophobic and began to hyperventilate. I didn’t have my
inhaler and I struggled, but managed to take a few good deep breaths in
and calm down.

Something felt very wrong then. Not wrong, worse. I couldn’t put my
finger on what though. Then I realized it was the silence. The rats had
gone completely quiet. Where had they gone? Then I swear to god, I felt
the ground rumble a bit.

Out of nowhere, hundreds of rats began flooding over me. They
practically engulfed me as they mad a mad attempt at climbing over one
another out of the crawlspace and back into the house. I couldn’t
breathe under all the rats and at one point, one fell into my mouth but
quickly joined the reverse waterfall of its friends. It probably only
lasted about 10 seconds, but it felt like hours.

Finally, they all seemed to have gotten out of the trap door. I was flat
in my back and sat up and scanned around just to make sure. I noticed
some old tools probably from home renovation years before. Hard hat,
gloves, plaster, and a sledgehammer.

I grabbed the sledgehammer and cautiously poked my head out of the
crawlspace. I could see the rats disappearing under my bedroom door. One
stood around though, like it was waiting for me. It didn’t seem
menacing. It was almost like it was beckoning me to follow the rest of
the pack. It sniffed the air a couple of times in my direction before
disappearing under the door as well.

I staggered out of the crawlspace. Half using the sledgehammer as a
cane. I had somehow really hurt one of my feet in all the commotion. I
hobbled up to the door like a man possessed. It felt like I *had* to
open this door and see what was on the other side.

The door creaked open, and I saw the rat waiting for me on the middle of
the bed in the otherwise empty room. I swear to god it winked at me
before retreating down the back.

I pulled the bed back, and saw a hole in the wall. I could hear the rats
dispersing every which way, making the walls sound alive, like blood
pumping through the houses veins.

It sounded crazy, but this whole thing was crazy. It felt like the rats
were trying to show me something. Was there something special about the
wall?

I looked down at my sledgehammer, mentally shrugged, and drove it
through the drywall over and over, punching baseball sized hole after
baseball sized hole into it. Eventually huge portions broke off and fell
out of the way, and I found myself looking at several dismantled, tiny
human skeletons.

***

I never ended up going to the concert. I called the police and they
closed the house off and I ended up going home after that. I kept up
with the events afterwards though. The entire house has been demolished
since, and more bodies have been recovered. Several as fresh as just
weeks before I had shown up, and I figured that’s what all the perfume
had been masking. All the bodies were linked to missing person cases
stretching back over 20 years, all victims were between the ages of 4
and 16.

They never did find out who ran the Airbnb though. The account it was
linked to tied back to the identity of a man who had died and been
buried a few states over in the ’70s. A total dead lead.

It’s been almost a year since then, but I don’t think I’ll ever be able
to stay at another Airbnb again.

Especially not with whoever owned that place still out there.
