I’ve always been the outdoorsy type. I spend most of my weekends hiking,
camping, or just going to scenic spots and wandering around until dusk.
Occasionally I go with friends, but usually I prefer to go all by my
lonesome. Sometimes when I have time off, I’ll head into the woods for a
few days, or more than a few. I’ll pick a random spot on the map and
just disappear until I’ve forgotten about the stresses of modern life.

I grew up camping with my grandpa, and he instilled a love of nature and
exploration in me. He taught me how to fish, how to always find north,
and what plants would and wouldn’t kill you. The list of those that
would was long enough that I tended not to risk it.

I’ve always felt more comfortable alone in the middle of the woods than
I do on a crowded street. I’ve even contemplated the idea of completely
escaping into the wilderness someday and building a little cabin, just
spending the rest of my days living off the land.

But though I hate to admit it, I recently had an experience that scared
me away from nature. Maybe even for good.

About a week ago, I drove out to a particularly remote stretch of forest
that sees hardly any visitors. The enormity of the place makes it
unlikely to see another soul unless you start at one of the more popular
trailheads. I won’t share the specifics, as I think it’s best if no one
attempts to seek out what I found, though luckily, most probably
couldn’t find it if they tried. I only found it by complete
happenstance.

Though I do go on long solo trips, I’m not one of those hardcore
survivalist types. I take what I need into the woods. A small tent, a
sleeping bag, a lighter and a flashlight, a canteen and portable water
purifier, my fishing pole, a compass, some emergency food and water, a
knife. The essentials. Everything else I sort of make do. I mostly eat
fish while I’m out there, and the occasional small game if I bring my
bow. I hadn’t on this occasion.

I’d planned to stay out there for a few days this time. Maybe a week. I
was going through a bit of a stressful situation involving my on-again,
off-again ex, and we were recently off-again, so I just wanted to get
away from it all for a while.

I usually avoid the official trailheads. Before a trip, I’ll look around
on Google Earth and scout out old logging roads, clearings, or other
places I could park my car out of the way without bothering anyone or
standing out. This time was no different. I found a narrow, overgrown
trail that was mostly hidden from the road and parked in a little gap
between the trees. Then I grabbed my gear and started into the forest.

I’d seen a lake on the satellite map that I wanted to reach before noon.
Though I could only see it from above, it looked like a nice, quiet
place to set up camp. I hiked five or six miles in before I reached it.

The lake was beautiful. There was a small stream flowing out of it, and
I found a good spot near the water’s edge where I could set up my tent.
The fish were jumping and the birds were singing, and I was far enough
from civilization that I couldn’t hear a road and had no bars on my
phone. It was peaceful.

I got a little fire going and spent some time fishing, finally landing a
trout big enough that I could make two meals out of it. After I ate, I
decided to hike around the area a bit.

I’ve always enjoyed exploring and sightseeing when I’m out there,
occasionally taking pictures of whatever I come across on the little
digital camera I bring with me on my excursions. There’s an easy
happiness that comes from going out into nature and just enjoying the
scenery. I don’t really look for anything in particular. Birds, snakes,
cool mushrooms, unusual trees. Sometimes, I take pictures of nothing
more than the way the trees crown overhead, the sun shining through
their branches that never quite touch.

I walked a mile or two from my campsite, moving gradually uphill. While
I was idly strolling along, something caught my attention. A sound off
in the distance.

Ring.

I kept walking toward it, then stopped to listen.

Ring.

It was too regular to be any animal.

My curiosity growing, I walked in the direction of the sound. As I did,
it grew clearer.

It sounded like a phone. Not a modern cellphone, but an old telephone.
The kind of old-fashioned ring you’d hear before the turn of the
century.

I stood there for a moment, trying to determine what the hell I was
actually hearing and trying to pinpoint its direction.

My first thought was that, against all odds, there was another hiker in
this section of the woods with me, and they just had an old-school
ringtone. But what was the likelihood of another person being out this
far? And how would they even have phone service out here?

My second thought was that it might be a very clever bird. I’d heard of
birds learning to mimic all sorts of sounds. Maybe it heard an old
telephone while migrating through the city and liked the sound enough to
incorporate it.

Either way, I was curious. If it was a person, maybe they needed help.
If it was a bird, I wanted to know what kind. And if it was something
else… well, I wanted to know what that was, too.

The terrain became more difficult the farther I went. There was no
trail. I was just pushing through bushes and stepping over fallen
branches, the odd tree limb catching my shirt or pack and forcing me to
stop to untangle myself. At a certain point I nearly turned around,
telling myself that this was stupid, that I was working my way uphill
through thick brush for what was probably just some discarded cell
phone.

But the ringing continued, steady and growing louder the closer I got,
and my curiosity at the strangeness of the situation outweighed my
instincts to turn back.

Finally, I got to a place where I could hear the sound clearly just
ahead of me through the trees. I walked forward into a small clearing,
and stopped.

There was a payphone. Just standing in the middle of the clearing. An
actual payphone. The kind you used to see bolted outside of gas stations
or mounted on the sidewalks of city streets.

But this one was in the middle of the woods, sprouting from the dirt
like it had been planted there.

I stared at it. It looked old, its metal scratched and weathered, rust
sinking into the corners. I couldn’t make sense of how it would be
functioning, but the ringing continued, seemingly indifferent to whether
anyone was around to hear it or not.

I walked closer. There were no visible wires connected to it. Nothing
overhead or running to it from the ground. No obvious battery pack or
solar panel, or any apparent power source or phone line. But it was
still ringing in defiance of my logic telling me that it shouldn’t be.

I circled it as it continued its incessant ringing. I couldn’t figure
out how someone had even gotten the thing there. Or why they would want
to. Who would install a payphone in the middle of the woods? And why?
And how was it working? And even if there were reasonable answers to
those questions, who the hell would be calling it?

It would have been difficult enough just to carry it the several miles
through the forest, but someone had not only brought it to this remote
section of the woods, found this particular clearing, somehow installed
it, then left it here.

I considered the possibility that it was some strange art installation.
Or perhaps a remnant from an old movie set that nobody bothered to take
down. Or maybe just some very committed prank. Maybe, somebody had gone
through an enormous amount of trouble just to fuck with whoever happened
to stumble across it.

But who the hell would do that? And what were the odds that someone
would even stumble across it? Given where it was, in all likelihood, I
was the first person to happen upon the thing since it was left here.

I gave up trying to explain it. It hadn’t stopped ringing the entire
time I’d stared at it in contemplation. So I did the only thing that
felt logical, and answered. I held the phone to my ear, half expecting
it not to function.

“Hello?”

Nobody. But not complete silence. There was a faint hum, like the sound
of an open line. The particular faint sound of being on the phone with
someone while neither is speaking.

“Hello? Anyone there?” I repeated myself, then waited.

But nobody answered.

I stood there with the phone to my ear, suddenly aware of how ridiculous
I probably looked. Just a guy holding what was probably a fake payphone
in the middle of the woods and talking to no one. I considered the
possibility that I was being filmed from somewhere to be posted on some
dumb YouTube channel.

Then there was a faint click, and the low hum disappeared. Had there
actually been someone on the other end?

I hung up, then wondered why I’d even bothered to do so.

“What the hell?” I muttered to myself.

I stood there another minute, just watching it and waiting for something
to happen. It didn’t. I thought about making a call myself, just to see
if it really worked.

I told myself that it was probably some forgotten automated system,
leftover from some long abandoned project.

Tired of staring at a payphone in the middle of the forest, I decided to
head back to my campsite. Admittedly, I was a bit unsettled by the whole
thing now. Who had been calling?

A gnawing apprehension that I couldn’t quite place had begun building in
me. I turned to leave. I was three steps from the phone when I heard it
ring. I stopped mid-stride.

I stood with my back to it for a moment, telling myself that I should
probably just keep walking. Whatever was going on here, it was weird. I
didn’t want to answer, but the ringing was grating on me. It felt almost
wrong to leave it unanswered.

I wanted to head back to camp and put all this weird shit behind me. I
turned back to the phone instead.

The ringing stopped when I picked it up. I held it to my ear.

“Hello?”

Like last time, there was the same sound of an open line, but nothing
more.

“Hello?” I said again, my voice growing more annoyed.

Nothing. I sighed and went to hang the phone up.

It was halfway back to the receiver when I heard a voice come out of it.
I hadn’t caught the words, but a voice had definitely come from the
speaker.

I slowly brought it back to my ear. Then the person on the line spoke
again. This time, I heard his words clearly.

“You shouldn’t be here.” A man, his voice calm and steady.

“Excuse me?” I asked after a moment of confusion.

“You shouldn’t have heard it ring.”

I wasn’t sure how to answer.

“What are you talking about? Who is this?”

There was a brief pause on the other end before the man spoke again.

“If you want to stay alive, stay very still.”

What?

“You may feel the urge to look behind you.”

A knot formed deep in my stomach.

“Don’t.”

I didn’t have any words. The whole situation seemed absurd. I gave a
nervous half laugh.

“Okay, man. Very funny. Who the hell is this?”

Nothing.

“Stop screwing around, man. Who is this?” I spoke louder.

Another pause. Then he spoke quietly but succinctly.

“It’s coming.”

The line clicked and went dead.

I stood there holding the dead phone to my ear. It has to be a prank.
It’s coming? What the hell was he talking about?

Someone had to be watching me. There had to be some hidden camera. Was I
on some new TV show? I was half-expecting a camera crew to come bursting
out of the bushes with a smiling host pressing a microphone to my face
and telling me I was on some new show.

I wanted to believe that. But something in the man’s tone, and in the
atmosphere itself, shook the certainty of the comforting story I’d told
myself.

I had been so focused on the phone that it felt almost odd to look up
and see trees around me.

Then I realized that the forest had gone quiet. Quiet in a way I had
never experienced it. Complete silence. It was so total that I cleared
my throat to make sure my ears hadn’t stopped working.

There were no birds. No insects. No wind through the trees. Only the
sound of my breathing, and my increasingly loud heartbeat in my ears.

The next thing I noticed was a smell, permeating throughout the
clearing. The smell of rot. It was faint at first, like wet leaves left
in a pile for too long. The scent of mold and stale air and something
dead. I slowly lowered the phone.

And then I heard the footsteps. They were uneven, almost skittering,
like something moving about on legs it wasn’t quite used to. It came
from behind me, on the edge of the treeline. Something was there.
Walking slowly.

I wanted to turn around. Every instinct screamed at me to prepare for
something. To defend myself or fight or run. It could be a bear, I
thought. Or a person.

I tilted my head barely an inch to look behind me, but stopped. The
man’s words still echoed in my head.

Stay very still.

Don’t look behind you.

I don’t know why I listened, exactly. I had discarded the words as
ridiculous only a moment earlier. But now, in the quiet forest, with the
scent of death filling my nose, some innate instinct, deeper even than
the instinct telling me to fight or flee, told me to stay still.

I kept my eyes forward, fixed on the rusty corner of the payphone. The
steps continued. I heard the uneven gait as it approached me slowly.

Step.

Pause.

Step.

Pause.

Step.

It moved strangely. It sounded almost as if its steps were limping or
interrupted. Like it wasn’t accustomed to walking.

Then it stopped abruptly, somewhere not far behind me. Just at the edge
of the clearing, maybe.

I just stood completely still and silent. Waiting. My hand, still
holding the outstretched phone an inch from the receiver, began to
tremble slightly.

Then the footsteps started again, suddenly and fast, still in their
broken, uneven rhythm. Heading directly at my back.

The sudden increase in speed gave the impression that whatever it was
would barrel straight into me in a matter of seconds.

I wanted to spin around. To duck, or run. But I could only flinch and
shut my eyes tight.

I waited holding my breath for something to drive into me from behind.
For something terrible to reach me and sink claws or teeth into my neck.

But there was nothing. The footsteps had stopped. I waited. Listening.

I thought I could hear faint, wet breathing.

Is it right behind me?

My hand was trembling more, to the point of almost dropping the phone. I
blinked slowly, too afraid to open my eyes fully.

Then I felt something. Just a brush, light against the back of my neck.
I shuddered. It was like gnarled, damp wood, cold against my skin. Every
muscle in my body contracted.

I felt seconds away from losing it completely. From screaming out loud
or bolting into the forest, or just collapsing into a ball right there
in the dirt. I stood there, every second driving me farther into a
terrified disassociated state.

Then the phone rang again, startling me enough to make me jump. My hand
was bringing the phone to my ear before I’d consciously decided to move
it.

“You did well,” the voice said.

“What the hell was that?” I heard the shudder in my own voice, cleared
my throat. “What’s happening?”

“Follow my instructions very carefully.”

“Who are you? This isn’t funny anymore, man. Please.”

“Walk forward. Seven thousand paces.”

“What?”

“Walk seven thousand paces. As straight a line as you can manage.”

The man’s voice remained completely calm. Authoritative.

“Do not run.”

I could hear something in the distance behind me. Moving.

“Do not look back. No matter what you hear.”

I swallowed.

“If you see anything out of the corner of your eye, do not look at it
directly.”

I felt a sense of dread. The man spoke his next words quietly.

“They’re in the trees.”

“What? What happens if…”

The line went dead before I could finish my question. I stood there for
a moment trying to collect myself, stunned into stillness.

Then I started walking.

One. Two. Three.

I counted my steps as I walked, as the man had instructed. It gave me
something to focus on, at least.

The forest seemed different now. The trees around me now felt somehow
wrong. Too dark and too sharp.

I kept walking. Three hundred. Three hundred and one. Three hundred two.

The man’s words kept looping in my head as I went. They’re in the trees.
I occasionally glanced up to the high branches despite myself. There was
nothing.

I don’t know what I was expecting to see. Something crouched, perched in
the branches above me. Watching me from overhead like some predator
waiting for its opening to strike.

Of course there’s nothing. I tried to reason the fear away. This is all
complete bullshit. Why am I even listening to some guy on a payphone in
the middle of the forest?

I started to feel stupid again. Maybe all of this really was just a
creative prank. Or maybe I’d been scared and manipulated into following
the instructions of some lunatic in the woods.

No matter how I tried to calm myself, I couldn’t stop myself from
occasionally glancing up at the trees every so often as I walked. But
there was never anything there.

Then, several thousand paces in, I saw movement. Not above me, but off
to my right in the corner of my vision. I thought it was a branch moving
at first. Then I realized it was the tree. Something on the trunk.

No. Something in the trunk.

It was as though something was peeling itself off of it.

My eyes wanted to turn toward it instinctively, but I didn’t let them. I
could still see it in the edge of my vision. But even through my
peripheral vision, I saw more than I’d wanted to.

Something emaciated and human-shaped, the color of old bark. It tore
itself from the trunk like flesh from bone with a sound of tearing and
snapping. I could hear bark cracking as the thing struggled to free
itself, seemingly breaking itself in its efforts to be freed.

The thing pulled its arm free. Its fingers were too long, and curled
along the trunk as it gripped it. It pulled itself further out with more
cracking and splitting, a deep, gasping wheeze escaping its mouth.

When the voice on the phone said they were in the trees, he’d meant it
more literally than I’d imagined.

My breath grew heavy and my eyes widened in fear. I tried to focus on my
pace and had to consciously keep myself from running. I wasn’t sure what
would happen if I did. I didn’t look, keeping my eyes straight ahead.

As I continued past, I could no longer see the thing off to my side. Had
it gotten free?

I could no longer hear it struggling to tear itself away from the trunk.

6,004. 6,005. 6,006.

I heard that same scrambling gait moving behind me. My legs burned, and
the smell of decay had returned to fill the air. Stronger now. The same
scent of dead wood and wet earth and rot.

The silence in the woods felt heavy as I walked. Even the cracking of
brush and branches beneath my feet seemed muffled. I couldn’t tell if it
was the blood in my ears or the atmosphere itself, like a veil draped
over the forest around me that refused even light and sound.

The sun was still high in the sky, but seemed almost incapable of
penetrating the crown of the forest. It was like some gloom or miasma
was soaking up the rays of the sun before they could reach below.

Then I saw another one, tearing the last remnants of its confines from
the bark of another tree ahead of me and to the left. This time, I
caught more of it.

I saw it pull hard, struggling, the last vestiges of its bark-like flesh
tearing away as it stumbled and dropped to the ground. It struggled to
rise to its feet, flailing about like a newborn fawn and almost dragging
itself forward.

Its body was impossibly thin. Its skin was like old bark stretched over
disfigured bones. Its body had the patchy, mottled black-brown of rotten
bark. Patches of its bark-like skin seemed to slough off of it like
melted flesh. There were wet, pale patches that looked like infected
wood.

Then its head lifted. In the shadow of the trees, I couldn’t see its
face clearly. I didn’t want to. I saw hints of its gaunt, hollow
features. Thin wisps of what may have been hair on its skull resembled
dark strands of moss or fungus.

What muscle it did have looked stringy and striated, like something that
shouldn’t be capable of holding itself upright. It reached out a long,
inhuman hand, its fingers long and thin like segmented branches that
curved into jagged, sharp points.

I shuddered and forced my eyes to remain straight ahead of me, focusing
on counting my steps. The footsteps behind me were uneven. Almost
frantic.

6,611. 6,612. 6,613.

I wanted to run or hide, or collapse into the ground and shut my eyes.
The scent of decay was overwhelming now, filling my throat and making me
almost gag.

Soon, the footsteps stopped. I heard another sound up ahead. The ringing
of another phone. Another one?

I didn’t truly see what good reaching the phone would do, but I kept
walking toward it like some false salvation.

6,998. 6,999. 7,000.

I stepped into another clearing on the final step. Another payphone
stood before me, ringing. I approached it and picked it up with a
trembling hand.

“What the hell is going on?” I began before the phone was even fully to
my ear.

“You really shouldn’t have come this far into the woods.”

“What are those things?” I couldn’t keep the fear from my voice.

“Didn’t you see the signs?”

“Signs? What signs?” I asked.

The man didn’t answer. My irritation was growing together with my fear.

“I didn’t see any fucking signs. I didn’t see anything. I don’t even
know where I am right now!”

It was true that I hadn’t seen anything. I’d parked in a parking spot
that wasn’t even a parking spot, to hike a trail that wasn’t really a
designated trail.

“You can still get out alive,” the voice said. “But…”

He paused, and I waited for him to continue, the apprehension further
fueling my anxiety. When he didn’t I loudly snapped into the line.

“But what?” My voice was nearly cracking. “Why are you fucking with me,
man?”

I almost continued my tirade toward the man on the other line, but he
spoke again before I could.

“Did it touch you?”

“Touch me?”

I was fully panicking, trying to keep my voice somewhat measured.

“I don’t know.” My voice suddenly sounded distant in my own ears. “Why?”

He didn’t answer that either. Instead, he continued with his strange
instructions.

“Follow my next instructions very carefully.”

A part of me still couldn’t believe this was happening. The ambling
footsteps and shadows in the corners of my eye had stopped after I’d
entered the clearing, but the faint scent of rot and old foliage still
hung in the back of my throat.

“To your right, you should see a tall oak. It is standing higher than
the other trees.”

I looked over, and saw it.

“There should be a hollow near its base. Go to it. Get inside.”

“You want me to get inside a fucking tree? What the hell are you…”

“You’ll be safe there.”

“What about those things?”

“They shouldn’t be able to touch you inside the tree.”

Shouldn’t. The word bothered me.

“And how long am I supposed to wait there?”

“Until dawn.”

“So you want me to stay in a tree all night? With those things out
there?” I was incredulous.

“At dawn, leave the tree. Walk south.”

“What am I…”

“There’s a road.” He sounded impatient now. “Keep walking until you
reach it.”

I heard crackling and tearing and uneven footfalls in the woods behind
me. Getting closer.

The man’s voice was quieter now.

“Go.”

I slammed the phone down and ran toward the oak. The sounds of the
footsteps were closing in behind me, but I didn’t turn to look. I saw
the great oak, and the hole in its trunk. It was black, no light
entering, and small enough that I had to duck to enter. I threw myself
inside, scraping my shoulder against the bark and nearly falling face
first.

I pulled myself as far inside as I could. The hollow was deeper than I’d
thought. I squeezed into the corner with my knees to my chest, trying to
make myself as small as possible. I tried not to breathe too loudly. To
stay quiet and still. To fade away completely.

Beyond the hole, the forest was silent. Spider webs and insects lined
the wall inside the tree, and I shook my hand off as I placed it into a
mess of web to reposition myself. I could only see a narrow slice of the
forest beyond. The forest was still.

I waited, shutting my eyes. Willing this all to be over. I wasn’t sure
how long I’d need to wait. The forest had gone dark. I was exhausted. I
wished I could sleep, but knew it would be impossible.

Then the smell reached me. The smell of rot and death. Something ancient
and damp and overwhelming. Somewhere just outside. I pressed myself
harder into the back of the hollow, then heard the footsteps again.

There were several sets now. They seemed to circle the oak. Once, then
twice. But I saw nothing. It continued for what felt like others. I
stared out into the darkness.

Then I heard what sounded like something dragging its fingers across the
bark of the tree. A slow scraping. It circled around the tree with the
uneven, lumbering gait of the footsteps. It scraped alongside the trunk
in a great circle before finally stopping just outside the hole.

I stared out, holding my breath, but saw nothing. Only shapes and
shadows filled my vision. Then, I saw movement.

A shape. Legs in front of the hollow. I could only see it from the waist
down. Thin legs, frail and seemingly missing chunks of its bark like
muscle. Covered in deep, dark veins that looked like the veins of
leaves. Long, thin toes that ended in jagged, skeletal points that
pressed into the dirt.

I didn’t move. I could hear its breathing. Shifting. It was lowering
itself, shaky and unsteady. It kept falling until its face was visible
in the hollow.

A pale, splotchy visage that looked rotting and desiccated. Its skin
stretched tightly over what might have been rugged bone. It stared
directly at me.

Its eyes were white and milky and dead. It reached out one long finger,
as if testing. Then another. Its hand disappeared into the darkness of
the hollow, reaching toward me.

I couldn’t press myself any farther against the wall. The thing’s arm
slid farther in. It crouched and crawled closer. Its hand was now inches
from me. I raised my hands in a futile attempt at defending myself.

“Stay away.” My voice barely came out.

It reached farther, its long fingers now nearly clutching me.

And then it stopped. Its head turned slightly, as if hearing something.
I heard it too. It was faint, coming from out in the forest.

Ring.

The thing withdrew its hand.

Ring.

It rose to its feet shakily, then backed away from the tree. Its eyes
looked almost angry as it backed away.

The phone continued its ringing. The creature turned, then disappeared
from the view of the hollow’s mouth. I sat inside trembling.

I don’t know how long I stayed there after that. The phone rang on and
off through the night. And every time it rang, I heard creatures
scattering away beyond the oak.

Eventually, the sky began to light up beyond the hollow. Dawn. I waited
until the light touched the ground, then climbed out apprehensively,
poking my head out in both directions to make sure it was safe.

The ground around the tree was covered in tracks. Evidence of the things
circling throughout the night that made my stomach drop. Jagged, clawed
indentations had bored into the hard earth.

I walked south. More of a jog than a walk. I didn’t hear the phone ring
again. I probably wouldn’t have stopped even if I had. I didn’t go back
to my campsite either. I wasn’t sure I’d be able to find it even if I
did. I had my keys with me. That was all I needed.

I walked for miles until I finally reached the road, then walked until I
had enough service to pull up the map and see where I’d parked. While
walking on the road, I saw a sign posted along the treeline.

PROTECTED TREES
DO NOT APPROACH OR DISTURB
VIOLATORS SUBJECT TO PROSECUTION

Protected trees?

That’s not a sign I’d ever seen before, and the wording was odd. I saw
two more of the same sign before I made it back. I didn’t go beyond the
treeline as I made my way back to my car. When I finally reached it, I
hopped in and drove away quickly. I didn’t look back.

This was a week ago now, and I still have no explanation for any of it.
On the first night after returning home, I noticed a small scratch on
the back of my neck. It was little more than a red speck at first. I
thought it may have been a spider bite, or a scratch from the bark
inside the hollow of the tree. But it got worse instead of better.

By the fourth day, it had blackened, and almost resembled decay…or bark.
I put some ointment on it and hoped it wasn’t infected. Hopefully, it
will clear up on its own.

But I can’t stop thinking about the man on the phone. His question.

Did it touch you?

Why had he asked me that?

Though I hated to admit it, the mark had appeared right where something
had touched me from behind while I was standing near the payphone in the
clearing. Something cold and damp and ridged. Like cold bark on a winter
morning against my skin.

But this morning, while I was walking down the street, I passed by a
payphone. I hadn’t ever seen it there before. Perhaps I just never
noticed it, an unused relic that didn’t demand any attention. As far as
I knew, most payphones were out of commission.

But after I passed by it, it rang, its call echoing behind me in its
steady tone.
