My heart hammers like a nailgun, and I’m immediately covered in a veil
of sweat. 

 

This was the coolest garage sale I had been to in some time. The
Facebook marketplace had shown a little horror memorabilia in their ad.
Pretty general VHS tapes: Alien and Terminator, nothing too crazy. I was
late getting here because I wasn’t motivated. 

 

I was up late last night inking some new pages for my next issue. 

 

When I got here, I found out someone had taken the rad VHS tapes, and
all the Rue Morgues, Creepy, and Screammags. 

 

The guy running the sale was a typical metalhead. Large, long limp
stringy hair, teeth too big or his mouth. He had pointed me towards a
bin of comics.

 

“Mostly garbage. Some Neal Adams Deadman. Might be a Corben near the
bottom though. I used to collect Slow Death.”

 

That was a good sign, but I hadn’t held out hope. After the pandemic,
everyone is a fucking flipper now, and horror is hot. That, and people
know the value of collectibles.

 

But I’m a day one hardcore fan. I’ve got VHS copies of Hospital
Massacre, The Immortalizer, and Neon Creeps. And that’s just the
iceberg. For comics, I’ve got a full run of Haunt of Fear. I’ve got a
full run of early Steve Niles, King of the Dead from Fantacor comics.
I’ve got a near mint Vampirella #1; yeah, that’s the one with the
Frazetta cover. I’ve got ten of thirteen issues of Weird Terror. I
haven’t found the first issue, but with Don Heck on cover and interiors,
it is a hard one to find. Honestly, my entire basement is filled with a
collection I’ve been compiling since I was sixteen. I’m committed to
that horror lifestyle. 

 

I even write and draw my own comic, Silver Bullets, a revisionist
werewolf masterpiece with the gore dialled up to eleven. I’ve been
writing and drawing it for ten years now. I’m on issue eighty-nine. That
is a big fucking deal for an indie comic creator. Most don’t make it
past the first issue. 

 

I’m kind of a big fucking deal in indie horror. 

But nothing prepared me for this—finding a copy of Cane
Holland’s Nightmare #1. The cover was barely attached, but it didn’t
matter. Cane’s Nightmare was a grail. Any comic by Cane Holland was.
That’s how rare they were.

 

The guy was a legend in horror comics. He made the most extreme,
sinister, and sexual comics in America during the eighties and early
nineties. During that time, he only wrote and drew ten comics. Death
Craze was a modern slasher—final girls, supernatural killers, and
totally trippy; unlike anything you’ve ever seen. The kills in Death
Craze are insane. In the first issue, Holland drew a double page spread
of decapitated and quartered body that looked like it had been pulled
out of a morgue. How he got the reference for something like that, I
just don’t know. The page is unbelievably lifelike.

 

Listen, I’m not doing Holland justice until I tell you what his art
style is like. We’re talking the inking of Vince Locke, the energy of
peak Sam Keith. Someone who draws women like Xaime, but with the simple
line of Toth. He drew full backgrounds on every single page. I’m not
joking, he was the real deal. The thing was, he wasn’t fast, and didn’t
make a lot of comics. 

 

I have found three issues of Death Craze from the six-issue run. The
final three issues had a print run that is so low that it makes them
impossible to find.

 

The most popular comic Holland ever did is a fill-in that he did for a
popular underground zombie comic (Brainmeal)that had a print run of five
thousand copies. The whole comic is a single zombie attack where
everyone is gets bitten, eviscerated, and destroyed. The plot doesn’t
make sense, but it doesn’t matter because Holland made it look so
fucking good. 

 

Nightmare was the last title he made before he died. I’ve seen scans
online—just covers. No one has ever posted the interiors. Rumour has it,
there are only one hundred and fifty copies of Nightmare. Rumour has it,
he just fucking disappeared. 

 

I push my grail back into the box—my hands shaking—and I’m trying to be
calm. Honestly, no one knows who Cane is, because he never became
famous. He never kissed anyone’s ass. He was known as a massive POS, and
was a perfectionist. From what I know, he was a huge shut-in, was
obsessed with the occult, and did three issues of Nightmare, but only
two were ever printed, and in super limited numbers. And the only reason
I know this is because I’m friends with the publisher of Death
Craze, Fred Willoughby. 

 

Willoughby is one of those guys: born with a silver spoon, kind of a
hustler, and is always at conventions. But if you run into him at Barcon
and buy him a drink, the guy knows everyone and everything there is to
know about horror comics. He published his comics under the imprint,
Cultor Comics—and he published the best horror comics since James
Warren. The thing was, no one read them, but Fred didn’t care. He was a
huge cokehead with a fuckton of money and very specific interests. All
he cared about was the artform of comics. The shit that got made because
of him, man, it gives me goosebumps to think about how good they are.
Real fucking horror. Gory. A little scary. Disturbing to read.

 

“You find anything?” the garage sale guy asks. 

 

“How much for the whole box?” I pick up the box of comics. 

 

He comes over and peaks in the box. My armpits are stained with sweat
now. 

 

He stares directly at Nightmare #1, and says, “Those comics are pretty
beat-up. I don’t know. Twenty bucks.”

 

“Ten?” He stops and looks at me. I’m sweating and attempting to keep my
hands still. 

 

“Fifteen,” he counters.

 

“Okay, fine, I’ll do twelve.” 

 

He steps back, which isn’t a good sign, but then says, “Okay. I’d
probably just chuck ’em if they sat in my garage. That Nightmare on the
top is…gross. Don’t let your lady see it. Got it at a comic convention.
I think the guy signed it.” My heart skips a beat.  “Said he signed it
in his own blood. What a fucking weirdo.” He laughs. “Usually horror
people are cool-weird, but this guy wasn’t. He was fucked-up weird.” He
steps forward, and takes a look in the box. For a moment, it looks like
he’s tempted to pick Holland’s Nightmare out of the box, but then he
takes a step back. “Frankly, I’m happy to be rid of it. That comic is
hardcore shit.”

 

I take twelve dollars from my wallet and place it in his gnarled hands.
I’ve never happier to part with my money. He could charge me half of
what I own for this comic, but he charged me twelve fucking bucks. He
said he was happy to be rid of it. I won’t feel guilty for basically
stealing it from him. 

 

I scurry down the driveway with the box. When I get to my Civic, I open
the trunk, remove the Nightmare, and throw the box in the trunk. I don’t
even care if there’s a Corben in that box—and I love Corben. 

 

I’m smiling now, my anxiety has disappeared. 

 

I take one last look at the garage sale. The guy who sold me the comics
is staring over, a broad smile on his face. He gives me a thumbs up with
his massive hands. I open my driver’s side, and duck inside. 

 

Opening the comic to its first page, I’m excited to see the
representation of a human heart being held in a human hand drawn on the
opening page. It’s a simple page, with the title, My Lover’s Heart,
streaked across the top of it. The letters are those black metal letters
that everyone is so into these days. The heart is drawn so realistic
that I can almost hear it beating: tump, tump—tump, tump. It’s so easy
to get lost in detail, the superior vena cava, the aortic arch, the
anterior interventricular artery—they’re all rendered with beautiful
brushwork. 

 

And, somehow, the image still feels horrific. I can make out the sheen
of the blood coating the heart. Not everyone can draw like this. I’m
immediately jealous. Holland’s inkline is immaculate, except when it’s
not supposed to be: there are deliberate ink splatters occasionally, or
area where he used an ink-soaked sponge to roughen a section of the
drawing. 

 

I pick up my phone to call Ell, and then put it down. Dammit, I keep
doing that. 

 

There’s a knock on my car window. 

 

The man who sold me the comic is bent over, looking inside. His head
seems so large looming though the window. I don’t know exactly what, but
there’s something different about his face. 

 

“I changed my mind,” he says. His eyes are bloodshot. “I want that comic
back.” 

 

I lock the doors.

 

“You sold them to me.” 

 

“I realized that comic you’re holding might be worth something.” He
sniffles, an opaque liquor running out of his nose. 

 

I start the car. 

 

“I don’t know, man. A deal is a deal,” I say, shifting the car into
drive. 

 

He’s straightened up when I look over again. The guy’s so tall, I can
only see his gut in his Iron Maiden T. 

 

“I forgot how much I liked it. I like it a lot a lot a lot. I just want
it. I just need it.” There’s a loud thump on the roof. “I need it right
now.” 

 

I ease the Civic forward. 

 

“Hey, man. Watch your feet.” I whisper. 

 

The passenger’s side window shakes as he hits it. 

 

“You better be prepared for the Story Man.” I look over and he’s staring
at me again, but there’s something obscuring his face—his eyes and mouth
are dark holes. I hit the gas, and run the Civic up onto the curb. For a
second the Civic’s chassis drags along the sidewalk, and then I’m off
the curb, moving forward. 

 

I peer into the rearview mirror, and the man has his back to me. His
head looks like its obscured by a black smudge. It’s a stupid thought.
That’s when I notice I have a headache. Probably just a blind spot
caused by the oncoming migraine. I get headaches sometimes when I’m
stressed. 

 

Moving onto the highway, I look down at the passenger’s seat. The copy
of Nightmare sits on it, the splash page of the heart staring up at me. 

 

“Fuck yeah.” I tap the steering wheel in delight. That was fucking
weird, but worth every fucking second of discomfort. The fucking comic
almost makes the migraine worth it. 
