My dad died a little over a year ago, but I didn’t take the time to
visit his place since it’s passing. My mum gave me most of his
belongings, one of them being a nice shoulder bag (apparently he wore it
when we were about the same age). But after using it for a few days, I
discovered a small hidden pocket that was sewn shut. After pulling a few
threads, I found 3 to 4 pages of confusing handwritten notes that I
chose to transcribe and share with you here. Because I honestly have no
idea what else to do with those. I just really hope that it’s just a
story.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cities are my favourite places to travel to.

I’ve been a Londoner from birth, you see? And you would rationally
believe that the erratic rhythm of such a city would make me grow tired
of similar experiences. And yet, as a kid, I quickly got obsessed with
the concept of the “megalopolis”. Cities so large that they are bound to
expand by absorbing the ones next to them. And by doing so, are
constrained to change and adapt to their new territories. A lot of
fascinating megalopolises exist — like Tokyo, New York or London — but
Paris was the one that I grew the most fond of over the years. Not just
because of its size, which is relatively small compared to the others,
but by the history that prevails within its streets, monuments, and
architecture. A truly fascinating landmark of European history and a
masterpiece of human engineering. At least, I thought it was human. But
now I’m not so sure.

Four days ago, I left for Paris and moved into one of my friend’s flat
that she so nicely landed me during my annual trip to the capital. Her
cat needed to be fed while she was going back to her parents in the
countryside, and she knew she could rely on me to do exactly that. I was
kind of concerned as to why she was so eager for me to take care of her
home while she was away, but I quickly found out why.

When I arrived, her flat was a wreck. Completely abandoned for what
seemed to have been days, even though I arrived earlier than expected.
The many unwatched dishes were beginning to rot inside the dirty sink,
and the foul odor of cold tobacco sneaked through the pungent smell of
the overused litter box. The cat was alive and well, at least I think
so. I only heard him during the night, and even if the bowl of food was
empty every morning, the poor creature was so shy that I never even saw
the tip of a tail peaking behind a bookshelf. But I was just so grateful
to have a place to stay for free in such an expensive city that I chose
to ignore most of it.

I wasn’t compelled to go outside when I arrived, it was the middle of
winter and the temperature never went above -8 °C. But after 2 days I
was already getting bored. And her ground floor courtyard flat wasn’t
very good at keeping itself warm or bright. I just needed some fresh air
and to see the sunlight for at least an hour, that’s all.

So I went out at around 4pm, the sun was already down, but I thought
that I would at least see it set over the horizon. I had a good memory
of seeing this very sight at the “Place du Sacré-Cœur” last year. So at
most, I already knew where to go and what to expect.

I took the train to “Place des Abbesses” and choose to walk up the long
spiral staircase up to the exit. Even though those stairs are tough,
there is a nice painting displaying the history of the “Butte de
Montmartre” on its walls. Which follows you all the way to the top. I
could’ve just taken the elevator. I should’ve. But no one else wanted to
take the stairs, so I foolishly thought that I would be able to “enjoy
them” all by myself. Besides, I haven’t walked in a while and believed
that “a little exercise couldn’t hurt”. How ironic now, knowing what was
waiting for me.

The painting on display was the usual blend of different watercolour
techniques that were printed onto the tiles. It showed the most famous
landmarks of the “Butte” and its history. Starting from a sepia-styled
rendering of the different fields and windmills — which covered the
small hill when it was still just a village outside the capital —, from
the construction of the “Sacré-Cœur” to the vibrant tourist attraction
it is today.

After a few minutes, I paused in the middle of the stairs to catch my
breath. I’m not an athletic person and, like I said, it’s been a while.
But I’m still young and quite fond of a little hike here and there, so
it surprised me to be this tired by just walking up for such a small
amount of time. I blamed my winter attire for the exhaustion. The heavy
textiles of my winter clothes were probably putting a much bigger
physical toll on me than expected. As I felt sweat pouring out of my
back and armpits, I decided to remove some of my more cumbersome
accessories — such as my gloves, scarf, and winter cap — and shove them
inside my shoulder bag. As I was doing so, I realized something weird.
There wasn’t any sound.

Don’t get me wrong, those stairs are quite isolated, but it’s also the
only passageway of a subway station that is usually overrun with
tourists. It frightened me a bit, so I stood still and listened. After
what felt like a long minute of silence, my hearing became quite
sensible. I could hear the sound of my breathing echoing ever so
slightly within the narrow porcelain walls of the staircase, and the
constant buzzing sound of the neon lights.

I thought that I might have made a mistake and that this passageway has
probably been closed off. That would surely explain why I was the only
one who took them, or why I didn’t run into anybody else either going up
or down. After all, my French shamefully remains far from perfect, so I
probably just didn’t pay attention to any warning signs in front of the
stairs. So I started walking down the spiral, moving backward through
the colourful displayed History. But something felt off.

After a few dozen steps, I went past the vibrant drawn tourists, the
erection of the “Sacré-Cœur” and the other sceneries. But after those,
the rest of the painting seemed different. The fields and windmills
weren’t there any more, there were no rendition of old sepia pictures of
the “Butte”. Taking their place were nightmarish portraits of screaming
horses with crimson eyes, leaping down the stairway. Their expressions
were ones of exhaustion and pain, and the mere sight of them made my
stomach turn with anguish. The paint wasn’t the same either. It looked
like the printed tiles were brushed over by what seemed to be a coarse
dark mixture that contrasted with the bright and polished walls. It had
a very distinct smell too, one that I immediately recognized from my
childhood : The smell of burnt gunpowder.

I was sure that I didn’t see those going up, but I rationalized that I
was probably already too exhausted to pay attention when I passed them.
Nonetheless, it still disturbed me enough to increase my pace going
downwards. But in the confusion, I slipped. The tip of my right foot
lodged itself on the bottom step, while the other got caught in my
winter coat. As I fell forward, my hands shot up in front of my face,
hoping to catch the stairs before my forehead would. And they did catch
it quickly. Too quickly.

When I opened my eyes, my hands were gripping the stairs going upwards.
As I tried to stand up, my right hand hit the column trying to hold onto
the handrail that was no longer there. My left hand lounged to the other
side out of sheer panic, and latched on to the now reversed rail with
all its might. I jumped up and looked around violently. I touched my
forehead, but it didn’t bleed or hurt, only my hands and knees, which
absorbed the shock. Everything led me to believe that I fell towards the
stairs, but here they were going up, not down. How was that possible? I
stared at the wall in front of me; the dark horses were still there, on
the right side, going up the spiral. It didn’t make sense. I saw them
going down! Was I so scared and exhausted that I got confused? And ran
up the stairs instead of down?

I started to get nauseous from fear, which pushed my survival instinct
to take control; I needed to go now or be the victim of, what I thought
to be, even more erratic behaviours. I quickly turned around again,
drowning the screaming thought that this was the second time that I did
so, and clutched the handrail tight with my right hand. My eyes locked
onto my left foot as it fell down to the first step, slowly followed by
the other. My hand glided downward following the railing, further
confirming what my eyes were seeing : I was on the right track. The
relief soothed me quite a bit. And, after a few minutes, the regular
echoes of my heavy steps were like music to my ears. I felt so much more
confident that I looked up for just a moment, only to see that the
painted tiles were back, having changed once more.

The paint was a vibrant red, closer to the original printed watercolours
from the beginning. It looked like it was seeping through the ceiling of
the staircase. Creating, on its way down, irregular curtains of liquids,
that were pointing downward towards the steps.

This bizarre formation was irregular and chaotic, but as I stared at it
even more, I managed to pick onto patterns. The white tiles untouched by
the crimson red were forming silhouettes of people of all shapes and
sizes. I could recognize the outline of men, women, and children. I
think I even saw the outline of an infant in the hands of its mother.
And as I was gazing at the wall more and more, my head began to hurt
from the restless pounding of my heart. Quickly followed by a burning
pain in my hands and knees. Right then I realized that I was out of
breath again. And so I closed my eyes and stopped in my tracks. On the
verge of tears, exhausted and terrified, I didn’t want to accept what my
body already knew : The stairs were going up.

I cried standing still with my eyes closed, my hands clutching the side
of my pants like a kid having a tantrum. I remember appreciating the
feeling of tears slowly sliding off my warm face, which only made me cry
even more. Which I promptly stopped at the realization that I was
probably wasting precious water, since I didn’t know for how long I
would still be here. I honestly thought for a moment that I was dead.
That I did hit my head when I fell down, that I died, and that I was now
stuck down here. That I’m now either a ghost, forever haunting this
passageway, or in Hell. I remember briefly cultivating the amusing
thought of how ironic it would be that Hell was a staircase going up.
Looking back on it, I think that this is the very thought that gave me
the strength to open my eyes again. Only for them to be met with
darkness.

I started to aggressively blink, over and over and over. I remember
believing at first that I went blind out of sheer shock for some reason.
Completely glossing over the more plausible scenario that the lights
just went out. But I was so scared that I didn’t want to move any more.
I kept my eyes open for a solid minute before discerning a dim glow
ahead of me, barely visible. I hoped for an exit, but I knew deep down
that it won’t be that easy. Still, I made the first step toward it, and
continued to walk back up again.

The steps now felt irregular. I couldn’t find the railing for the life
of me, so my palms were simply sliding along the now rugged wall as I
was climbing. It had a tacky texture, like it was secreting some kind of
viscous slime. The entire place seemed to be.

As the step became steeper, they also gave way to what felt like random
stacks of bricks and rocks. My hand, still holding onto the wall,
progressively got closer to my face. Evidently, making me understand
that I wasn’t in an ordinary staircase that was leading up to a subway
station any more. No, this was now just a dark and disgusting tunnel.

It was getting narrower by the second, and smelled so rotten that it
made me miss my friend’s flat. I was crawling on my hands and knees,
driven by that faint shade of light that was ever so slowly becoming
brighter. And then, the spiral stopped being a spiral. And the way up
became a narrow, straight slop, with a pool of bright light at the end
of it.

I wanted to scream for help, but my throat was so filled with tears of
relief that no sounds were able to push through. So I rushed to it,
hurting my already sore hands and knees even more. I slipped and fell
forward a few times, while also bumping my head on the ceiling of the
tunnel, not caring about the strange liquid that was splashing all over
me.

I even got rid of my coat with my shoulder bag still on it, just so I
could leap faster. But as the pool of light came closer, I realized what
I was stepping into. The white light shined through a thick metal grid
that looked like an old sewer hatch, and dripping through it, was the
same crimson red that I saw earlier on the tiles. The smell of the
tunnel was so bad that I didn’t pay any attention to the taste of what I
was basically swimming into coming here. But now I couldn’t ignore the
overbearing taste of iron that was filling my mouth.

I nearly threw up right here and there— maybe I did— but then I heard a
voice. A strong male voice speaking in French. And then a drum roll too.
Followed by a crowd, a huge one, that seemed to be right on top of me.

I didn’t know what to think, I was still in shock, confused and
terrified. But the vomit must’ve cleared my throat, because at that
moment it felt like I could scream again. I turned my head and body
towards the opening, my back resting onto the disgusting cocktail of
bodily fluids. And right as I was opening my mouth and felt the first
gasp of air brush my vocal cords, I was interrupted by the deafening
sound of canons.

I couldn’t tell you how many they were, but it sounded like a few dozen
at least. I laid there silent in complete and utter shock. But I
remember that in this brief moment, that felt like an eternity, I
enjoyed watching the orange coloured sky in front of me. It felt warm
and freeing, like nothing I ever felt before now. That, I hope, I won’t
forget. Unlike what unravelled soon after.

With a heavy thud, something dark and heavy fell violently a few inches
from my face. I didn’t immediately register the muffled popping sound,
nor the warm syrupy splatter that went across my cheeks. I didn’t
because it only took me a blink of an instant to realize that the black
heavy mass in front of me was a face.

When my eyes adjusted, I could identify the rest of the ruptured
feminine features that peaked through the metal grid. The entire right
side of her pale lower jaw had been violently removed, taking with it a
good chunk of skin, from the upper side of her skull. Leaving me to
stare at her exposed, skinless, right blue eye. And for a brief moment
it felt like she knew that I was looking at her.

The smell of gunpowder came back, followed quickly by the ear-shattering
screams of the ecstatic crowd. Without a second thought, I rapidly
retreated back into the tunnel without even rotating my body.

And as I was squirming down in panic, my body failed to find any
resistance, and slipped back into the pitch-black passage.

I kept rapidly sliding down until my body suddenly came to a halt. I
couldn’t see why or where, I couldn’t even tell whenever my eyes were
closed or open any more. For a moment, I thought it was finally over.
But then the pain came rushing in.

When one of your senses is removed, it’s said that it enlightens the
others. But I do now know that time is the hardest thing to grasp when
you’ve lost your sight. I only remember trinkets of this part. Like the
pain that covered my body like a blanket of needles. Or the cold floor
onto which my aching hands were resting on. And also the pervasive smell
of gunpowder and the sour taste of a blood I wasn’t sure to be mine. But
the last thing I remember will be the first thing that I’ll forget,
which was the sound.

I probably will never be able to make anyone understand how much I
couldn’t hear anything. You can cover your ears, clog them, hell you can
even pierce them and actually become deaf, and it still won’t come close
to the amount of silence I was exposed to.

Perfect darkness wasn’t just a sight any more, it was also a sound; and
so it became a place. And if I wasn’t already in Hell before, then
surely this meant that I was dead. But I wanted to make sure.

I don’t remember what I said exactly, I could barely hear the sound of
my own voice. I don’t know if it was the dehydration or the throbbing
pain, but at that time, uttering a word was the hardest thing I’ve ever
done. The only words I manage to utter were “Take me-”

Did I mean home? Or some other place? I don’t remember. I barely had
time to guess myself, since I immediately heard a response.

It was a purring sound, like one of a cat, and it was getting closer and
closer. The more it did, the stronger it felt. To the point that it
sounded like the entire ground was screaming, but in the same way that
the inside of a seashell sounds like ocean waves.

I was sure that this was the end, that I was getting crushed and
digested by something so big that I will never be able to understand
what even had occurred. But then, everything happened.

My eyes were wide open all the while, so when I was greeted by the
bright flash of a white light, it felt like my cornea was melting off. I
turned around on myself, my hands on my face, screaming. And the scream
seemed so loud that I thought that I pierced my own eardrums. Everything
burned, and yet everything felt so cold. They were no in-between! It was
either freezing or burning, light or dark, living or dead. And I didn’t
know where I was.

I read somewhere that childbirth is the most violent and painful step in
a human’s life, and that we are just lucky to be unconscious while it
happens. I can now attest to that.

My screams were instantaneously answered by a similar one that sounded
bother further and higher than mine. And the same voice came closer to
me, speaking in a language I did not understand at first. And then a
sombre silhouette sat in front of the blinding that facing me, pulled me
up and locked their eyes onto mine. Despite the heavy amount of tears
still blurring my vision, I started to identify colours and shapes, like
the one of a familiar face. “Bright blue eyes”, I said out loud with a
voice that I could perfectly hear, when I finally was able to gaze at
them. Their owner said that she was a friend of mine. The one with the
apartment and the cat. But her name didn’t ring any bells.

It doesn’t look or smell like the flat I stayed at, at least not like
the one I remember. The cat was there, next to her, still shy but not as
much. I couldn’t remember what he looked like before, and I don’t think
I ever will.

It happened while we were eating. I started screaming and kicking out of
nowhere, while still being sat on my chair. She tried to patch me up a
little bit, asked me what happened? What I was feeling? I wanted to
answer, but I stopped in my tracks, violently becoming aware of how
insane I might sound. I’m scared to think of where this side of me came
from. I didn’t say anything interesting, so she said that I should see a
doctor tomorrow, and I obliged.

She’s asleep now, and I’m writing all of this on a table that I knew to
be white and covered with stains when I first left it. It stands here
now, naked and waxed, taunting me. Serving as a reminder to push on with
my story whenever I nodded off.

It has already happened twice now. Since then, I don’t remember the
cat’s name, my real friend’s face or even my address. I think I even
forgot a whole chunk of my childhood; I had to look up what a
“megalopolis” is since I last dozed off. And it seems like I didn’t need
to do it when I first started writing this.

I’m going to hide those pages somewhere inside my bag, hoping that I
won’t be another person when I will go through them again. That I won’t
be mortified by the lines that I’m putting down right now. But if you
are reading this, I know what you’re thinking.

You think that you might have dreamt it all, or that you were a victim
of some kind of psychotic episode. You weren’t. I wasn’t, I’m sure of
it. If you want proof, try to go back.

Even if you forgot all about it, I’m sure that you won’t be able to see
that staircase without feeling your whole body collapse. I know that you
won’t be able to enjoy the smell of gunpowder any more, or escape the
need to throw up whenever you’ll taste your own blood.

I don’t know why I don’t want to forget, it sure feels better here.
Everything around me feels so alive. But I don’t. And I can’t help but
feel that I never really escaped.

She asked me if I’d like to stay a bit longer. I didn’t answer, I’m
letting you decide.
