I work at a secondhand shop — mostly sorting donations, pricing stuff,
the usual. Last week a woman dropped off a big box from an estate
clean-out, said it belonged to her aunt and she didn’t want to go
through it herself. Old dishes, some furniture, and this — a huge
ledger, leather cover gone almost black, corners of rusted iron, a cross
burned into the front.

I figured it was just farm accounts, something to flip for a few bucks
to a collector. It’s not. Most of it is expenses, sure — candles,
firewood, salt. But between the entries there’s a diary. Written by
whoever kept these books, in a convent, over the course of one winter.

I don’t know where it came from before that donation box, or if any of
it is real. I typed it up exactly as it reads, even where it gets worse
toward the end. I don’t really know why I’m posting this instead of just
pricing it and putting it on the shelf. I guess I need someone else to
read it too.

I’ll update if the woman calls back, or if there’s more to find.

An enormous chronicle book bound in leather nearly black, with corners
of rusted iron and a cross branded by fire upon the cover. From its
spine hangs a leather bookmark stained with soot and grease. The bronze
clasp creaks upon opening, releasing an odor of rancid tallow and
crypt-damp that rises from its pages, stained by fungus and burned by
the ink. This is a transcription of its interior. 

Vespers of All Saints’ Day: 

The mountain wind drags the first dead leaves into the cloister; some
days ago I received a letter about a postulant to the novitiate, she
should arrive soon. 

-Three boards to repair the chicken coop before winter $3 

-One arroba of coarse salt for the meat $12 

Three days after Vespers of All Saints’ Day: 

The postulant has arrived with a miserable $30, I have only shown her
where her cell and the baths are, her suitcase smelled of tobacco and
perfume, her name is Victoria, on removing her traveling cloak I noted
that she retains the mud of the outer world impregnated in her skin, her
flesh is young and proud. The wind upon this summit shall see
to softening her. 

-Expense of one tallow candle to record her entry. $0.30 

Four days after Vespers of All Saints’ Day: 

Sister Sol confessed to me that she sinned in the temptation of prying
upon the novice, curiosity as the beginning of a sin. I have imposed
upon her a day’s fast. 

In the Octave of All Saints: 

On my habitual round through the cabbage garden I again encountered the
smell of tobacco, the same repugnant odor from the novice’s suitcase, I
remained until dusk until I found a cigarette butt consumed entire, I
went at once to the novice’s cell, no other could have been the cause,
she looked me in the face, directly in the eyes, and denied it, her
pride emanates through her pores, that white veil shall rot with sin. I
imposed upon her three days of strict fast on black bread and rancid
water. 

-The novice made me spend three tallow candles while I searched the
garden. $1.20 

Four days before Advent: 

The dead leaves fill the cloister daily, the wind smells of dew. The
novice has confessed to me that the previous night she fell into
temptation of the flesh, her nocturnal lasciviousness, she detailed to
me weeping how she masturbated with the handle of her brush during
the silencio mayor, several times, I could smell the odor of tobacco and
sin emanating from her rancid mouth, like a screaming pig, her white
veil was full of ashes and mud, the sin this creature carries could
corrode the sisters, I fear for the community. I ordered her under holy
obedience the use of the cilicio on her thigh for the next 72 hours with
no right to remove it, not even for washing. Her face of horror on
wearing it for the first time demonstrates her repentance for the sin. 

- Another tallow candle spent watching the novice to see to the
fulfillment of her fault. $0.30 

Two days before Advent: 

The day floods with sun and cold wind, more dead leaves flood the
cloister, they seem without end, as I walked to the washroom I heard
whispers between the stone walls, Sisters Rocío and Eugenia were
speaking amongst themselves, in whispers, just as I was about to
interrupt them I heard them name the novice and how her devout faith and
surrender to Christ is reflected in the blood that runs down her leg to
her shoes, leaving a few drops as she walks, they believe she may be one
of the most devout, what they do not know is how filthy she is within. 

One day before the second Sunday of Advent: 

The Lord’s wisdom told me that something was profaning
the silencio mayor, I spent hours walking in the darkness, following
divine signs until I saw a figure in white walking in the upper
cloister, my shoes struck against the floor, I set them aside so as not
to give notice of my presence, the cold stone floor, the frozen dew and
the absolute darkness accompanied me to the encounter with whoever it
was that profaned the silencio mayor, there was the novice, crouched in
a corner and between her filthy hands she held a tobacco, I could smell
it, I smelled the sin, and I smelled the novice’s fear on seeing my
face, I seized her hair with force and at once we made for the main
courtyard, her cries and shrieks alerted the professed nuns, who from
their cell doors watched the sin steeped in tobacco begging for mercy.
In that moment I imposed upon her the marriage of the stone, and there
she must remain, embracing the enormous stone in the middle of the
courtyard until the following day’s dusk, fortunately and by the Lord’s
work beside the stone there was a hemp whip, the professed nuns amid the
darkness watched her, and as an example I also imposed that she scourge
herself 10 times for profaning the silencio mayor. Her screams were
fleeting, and then only her weeping remained in the middle of the
courtyard as she embraced the cold stone. 

- The novice cost me another tallow candle and caused some of the
professed nuns to also profane the silencio mayor while they whispered
God knows what. $0.30 

-DO NOT FORGET TO WASH THE BLOOD FROM THE WHIP. Some pieces of skin
remained caught among the blind knots. 

Second Sunday of Advent: 

The trees have finally lost most of their leaves, the wind smells ever
colder, the only thing that interrupts the day are the novice’s moans in
the middle of the courtyard, while the professed nuns walk about her,
watching her with contempt and, I believe, curiosity, flesh so young and
so firm has not been seen in this place for years. 

-The flesh finally came loose from the blind knots of the whip. 

-It seems winter comes with force, God knows this place needs more cold
to still the novice’s boiling skin. 1 load of pine firewood: $3 

Vigil of the Nativity: 

The great snowfall of the previous night isolated the gorge, at last
silence and peace reign in this sacred place, it would not surprise me
if the novice were again playing at and profaning her young flesh. 

-I consumed three tallow candles keeping watch over the silencio mayor,
I hoped to catch something, I pressed my ear to the novice’s door hoping
to hear her in sin, but the only thing I could hear were the winds of
the mountains. $1.20 

Feast of the Holy Innocents: 

The white mantle the Lord laid upon the mountains is pure, it is full of
light, cold and solitude, thus should the novice’s veil appear, she came
to confess seeking penitence, again she played with her young flesh, she
masturbated, I asked her for every possible detail, her body sinks into
lust and she blames only the mountain cold, young flesh lacks character
and strength. I have again imposed that she flagellate her naked body,
but since she is so obsessed with it, it shall be done directly in the
chapter hall, where the professed sisters might see her and might know
what awaits them should they fall into temptation. 

-Five carboys of whale oil for the lamps, the sisters can no longer bear
the cold as before, what a waste of coin. $45 

-A dozen clay and pitch tiles. $9 

-1 carboy of consecration wine $15 ADD TO THE REMAINING OUNCES OF THE
OTHER CARBOY 

-1 sack of clean rye. $8 

Three days after the Holy Innocents. 

Sister Beatriz came to me, she was trembling, she was distressed and she
was weeping, she confessed to me that the previous night she could not
control her body and spent the whole night touching herself and ended
masturbating with the handle of her brush. The novice’s lust is greater
than the faith of some of the professed sisters, the difference between
the confessions was clearly the level of repentance, it is as though the
novice says it only because she must, Sister Beatriz said it only
because she knows her soul was soiled and must be cleansed, she cried
out for penitence and herself offered to be flagellated by me in the
chapter hall, her weeping pleaded for greater force, they were of deep
repentance, her legs trembled letting the sin escape, it was pure
devotion, it was inspiring, Sister Beatriz was accompanied by the whole
convent, all prayed together, I felt the Lord’s presence in that
moment. 

-Unfortunately the hemp whip was left destroyed. New hemp whip of five
cords, more cords, better penitence. $4 

Vigil of the Epiphany of the Lord: 

The courtyard well has frozen beneath a layer of three inches
of ice, the water must be melted by fire before it can be used,
fortunately the chicken coop bears the patchwork. When I opened the
confessional there were three sisters waiting for my wisdom, two of them
said they had tried smoking straw from their mattresses and one of them
said she had rubbed herself against her pillow, all three demanded to be
flagellated, but I have only one whip, so upon the three I imposed
prostration in the form of a cross upon the floor for the first two
hours of the dawn prayers. 

Six days after the epiphany: 

The sky is black at midday, the persistent blizzard beats against the
refectory’s wooden windows making them tremble. As is my custom on my
nightly walk I heard noises in the upper cloister, I slipped off my
shoes, put out my candle and drew near, I expected to find the novice
again using her young flesh, but instead I found the four sisters I had
confessed gathered together, they were speaking and sharing the pain of
their wounds, of their penitences, claiming to feel pure through them, I
did not interrupt them, for I wished to wait and see what more they
might do, after all they had been good servants and receive
their penitences with obedience and devotion. 

-I have bought a sack of rye at a bargain price, it is somewhat damp but
will serve for the daily bread. $4 

The eve of San Antonio de Abad: 

Last night a hailstorm fell, two panes of the side chapel have broken,
now the floor is full of shattered ice and much water. I gathered all
the sisters including the novice, I needed to clear the chapel of all
the ice and water, the cold and the silence and all working together in
community was a sacred moment, until for an instant I saw how Sister
Beatriz and the novice touched hands while trying to gather a block of
ice, they neglected the custody of the eyes and looked fixedly at one
another, they smiled at each other and, feeling the weight of my gaze,
turned their heads away, they were defying my orders in my very
presence, for the first time in a long while, since one of the sisters
was stealing the iron sewing needles, I lost my composure, without
thinking and as if by God’s work I found the strength needed to seize
the both of them by the hair, drag them from the chapel and throw them
into the snow, at once Sister Beatriz fell to her knees, praying,
repenting and imploring forgiveness and, following her lead, the novice
did the same but I could perceive how she prayed without cause, without
truly feeling it, at once I imposed upon them that they pray naked so
that they might feel the cold of rebellion in the middle of the
courtyard and upon the snow, after two hours had passed and under my
watch I could note how the other sisters gathered about them, watching
them, feeling inspired, it was a good moment to remind them, and before
the novice, that to pray for praying’s sake without feeling that they
have a true reason to do so goes against the Lord’s will. 

-Unforeseen expense of pitch and boards to cover the chapel’s broken
windows $2.50. TO BE DEDUCTED FROM THE LARD RATION 

Feast of the purification of the Virgin: 

The damp is penetrating, mold breaks out along the walls of the lower
cloister, the elder sisters complain of rheumatism, it shall cripple
them all and I believe soon they shall not be able to walk. Yesterday
one of the sisters said that some of the sisters had been leaving their
cells in the middle of the night, so once more without candle or shoes I
set out to discover what was happening, I spent some hours pacing about
until the sound of one of the cell doors closing caught my attention, I
went at once and saw a group of some 13 professed nuns descending the
stone stairs, I followed them and we arrived at the novices’ pavilion,
following that I saw them stop at the door of cell 4, precisely where
the novice Victoria is lodged, I saw them using one of the iron needles
to open the judas-hole of the lock, one by one they took turns and spent
a time watching through the keyhole, at once they fled running, just as
they left I decided to look as well, the novice was seated beside a
beeswax candle upon the floor, she was naked, the candlelight lit her
bare chest as she touched her body lustfully and held a half-burned
tobacco in her mouth, I resisted my impulse to enter and reprove her but
instead followed after the group of professed nuns, I followed them to
the upper cloister, the door of a hall stood open, I could see light
escaping, I drew near little by little and saw them, the 13 professed
nuns were without habit, without any garment at all, touching their
breasts, they tore pages from the bible, rolled them like a tobacco and
lit them with the tallow candles, they said nothing, only touched
themselves, and expelled black smoke, I could see how they trembled with
cold and could scarcely breathe for the thick smoke, I did nothing, I
said nothing, I went at once to my study, I must set it all down, if the
sisters do not confess to me on the morrow I myself shall expel them to
the mountains. 

-the professed had three tallow candles and the novice had one beeswax
candle, they shall have to be kept under lock, it is unforgivable, they
are consuming everything. 

One day after the feast of the purification of the Virgin: 

The deaf tempest upon the peaks piles snow in mounds over the
west wing, it seems the beams shall sink beneath the weight. I could not
put from my mind the twisted image of the novice in her cell, lusting
with her young flesh and burning the beeswax candle, the sin bears her
name, her skin remains impregnated with the sin of the outside world. On
arriving at the confessional I saw a long line of sisters awaiting me,
they were the professed who had escaped the night before and had burned
the three tallow candles while touching themselves naked, one by one
they confessed, with every detail, the needle in the lock, the burned
pages of the bible, the tallow candles, and to all of them I said the
same, God watches them, He knows what they do, He knows how they sinned
and He knows how sincere their penitences shall be, upon all of them I
imposed prostration in the form of a cross, completely naked, for some
hours during the dawn prayers, at least until their bodies were on the
point of freezing, followed by flagellations carried out by my own hand,
they did it with great devotion and spent the rest of the day in the
upper choir, on their knees praying for their souls, to walk among them
was to feel the Lord, the peace the sisters had in praying, their true
repentance was genuine, sin gives them reason of faith to pray and to
feel God in their hearts, the novice, on the other hand, has not come
near me, she is avoiding me, so I shall have to seek her out myself and
confess her as soon as possible, the sins she accumulates are greater
than the convent itself. 

Ash Wednesday: 

The fog is yellow and very dense, it smells of sulfur and wet earth, the
sun is a pale, cold point in the sky. Unfortunately the bread made with
the rancid rye set loose some outbreaks of Saint Anthony’s fire, and it
is now the third day with some delirium among the sisters, later that
day after the ceremony and after distributing the hearth ashes upon the
foreheads the novice came to me, she was weeping and asked me to hear
her confession, she told me of the nights she touched herself beside the
beeswax candle, how she fondled her young flesh, her breasts, but that
the previous night was different, then with an uncontrollable weeping
she told me she did not know how to silence the crying of the baby, of
that baby she had not allowed to live, and that now its cries tormented
her in the nights as she profaned her body with the handle of her brush,
how the forbidden drugs had made of her body a pigsty of swine, I felt
her repentant, I again imposed upon her the cilicio on her thigh and
some lashes of her own with the whip. 

-A sack of quicklime for the ossuary, I sense some of the elder sisters
did not withstand the winter, I must again prevent accumulated bodies.
$5 

In the first week of Lent: 

The subterranean thaw makes the water of the crypts rise, flooding the
cellar with a thick mud reeking of corpse. Today I noted that the 13
sisters who sinned attended choir with their habits open, showing the
scabs of their scourgings with profane pride, as though they were
stigmata, the other sisters look upon them with admiration or perhaps
envy as they pray, I believe thus they shall come to understand the true
purpose of praying with intention. The novice has told me she hears
strange sounds at night, footsteps, breathing, whispers, I told her it
was possibly evil lying in wait, that she should place her soul in God’s
hands, I know it is the professed watching her in the night, sometimes
curiosity is not sin. 

-Meanwhile we have a loss in the productivity of the looms, they stand
idle since the sisters’ hands are swollen from the penitences, they can
no longer bear anything. Estimated loss $15 WEEKLY… 

Feast of San Juan de Dios: 

The rain is acid, as though it were the tears of God, it wears away the
limestone of the courtyard statues and the mud soils the habits up to
the chest. I have obtained a box of tobaccos, I shall leave some hidden
about the cloisters, perhaps the sisters shall fall into temptation,
thus their penitences shall be pure and of the heart, and with purpose,
on the other hand Sister Eugenia and Sister Clara believe that to sin is
to fantasize about touching oneself and only to imagine it, I refused to
give them physical penitence but they themselves decided to wallow in
the garden mud at 3 in the morning, as though the mud purified their
flesh, perhaps I must remind them all that sin is not only intention, it
is also action. 

-Two habits ruined by the mud and stones; cost of the sackcloth to mend
them: $7 

Nine days before the annunciation. 

The wind changes direction, bringing a damp cold that is rusting the
iron candelabra and the convent’s locks. The novice has come to me, she
has told me she has felt herself watched, she says it was I and that I
saw her smoking, so she has come to confess, she says she has smelled
more tobacco than usual and has found half-burned cigars at the door of
her cell. Later in the night some 6 sisters stole tools from the
workroom cell, wresting them from one another’s hands with force, with
anger, with hatred, all wished to take part in the theft, some cried out
and pushed against one another, constantly looking to the ceiling, as
though they knew someone watched them, they feel shame. The chaos seemed
fascinating, I know that tomorrow they shall be repentant of heart and I
know they shall be praying with absolute devotion. 

-A broken bronze padlock in the kitchen, Sister Beatriz was stealing
wine: $3. She is given the punishment of the hot silver press upon both
hands. 

Feast of the Annunciation of Mary. 

The nocturnal spring lightning storms come without cease, they light the
cloister and the cells with blue flashes, the thunder makes the tomb
slabs tremble. The novice has been somewhat disturbed of late, she says
she sees the professed sisters walking naked through the castle and told
me that one of them had her face entirely covered, she said it reminded
her of the bandits from outside, she also told me of the “Communion of
the Earth,” a supposed profane sect in which the sisters undress in the
gardens and mix mud with datura roots during the silencio mayor, some of
the sisters mentioned it to her, not to invite her, only to let her know
what they are doing, I asked her for names but she said she did not have
them all, since it is very dark at that hour and she cannot recognize
them, she asked forgiveness for walking about the cloisters at that
hour, but said something strange is happening and that she wishes to
know it, during the choir I reminded them that God watches them always,
that even where it is dark He sees their faces, He recognizes the face
of His daughters and so do I, we are a community and all of them may
also see. 

-The refectory’s hemp discipline scourge finally breaks from excess use,
most of the sisters now wear their habits open, proudly exposing their
scabs, raw cord is needed to weave one, or several new ones. $1.50 - $3 

Friday of sorrows. 

Avalanches of snow roar upon the high peaks, an odor of rotten earth and
decay rises from the cemetery with the thaw. I have noted that the
canvases of the baroque chapel figures appear torn and I also cannot
find the sewing scissors, the curious thing is that only the faces are
torn. 

-Destruction of ecclesiastical patrimony of incalculable value. A dozen
sewing needles registered as lost or stolen: $2. 

Palm Sunday. 

There is a low, closed blanket of fog that prevents seeing three steps
ahead in the courtyard, the bells sound muffled by the density of the
damp air. Several sisters are absent en masse from matins, including the
novice, the henhouse dawns open and the floor of the upper cloister
appears scattered with feathers, I went to the novices’ pavilion where I
saw Victoria on her knees in her cell, praying, she was agitated, she
told me how the sect of the communion of the earth had now evolved into
the communion of the expiation of blood, she said that the previous
night she had heard a fluttering among the neighboring cells, on
checking she found one of the hens wounded, missing a wing, just as she
was about to seize it, behind her stood a nun without habit, her face
covered with the face from one of the desecrated canvas saints, she said
nothing, she stood frozen, the sister with a pair of scissors in hand
took the hen and carried it off, the novice says she at once shut
herself in her cell, she was nervous and frightened, she says that evil
roams the cloisters by night, she does not know that it was she who
brought the evil, who contaminated them, now I manage the epidemic and
purge them as God commands. 

-Ten laying hens sacrificed by the nuns at night for their blood rituals
and five tallow candles. Catastrophic loss of the only fresh sustenance:
$20. 

Holy Tuesday. 

The rain is torrential and beats upon the rooftops, the water seeps
through the refectory ceiling forming puddles that mix with the filth
and the feathers, the novice has confessed to me that she has sinned in
the flesh several times with Sister Beatriz, that she has induced her
and other professed sisters in how to touch themselves properly, a group
of blasphemous women profaning her body, spending what few tallow
candles remained in a cell only to end by burning more tobacco, she also
told me that one of them has dared to steal her white veil, the sin
bears its name, they no longer ask for counsel or penitence, they impose
it upon themselves, they use the cilicio on the thigh deliberately and
all have burned their hands upon the hot oblate press, and pray all day
upon their knees, weeping and repentant of heart, the novice confesses
that she has seen them running through the cloisters, I myself wished to
witness it, I went before dawn without candle through the cloisters, the
blue flashes of the sky were my only light, and I saw them, some 15
sisters entirely naked with the faces of the saints bound to their
coifs, dancing for evil, for sin, for the novice’s white veil upon the
ground, covered in blood and feathers, one of them saw me, drew near me
and with her hands smeared with mud and blood dared to touch my face
while I could see only Saint Teresa of Ávila upon hers, my hands tremble
even now, the novice inspires them, feeds them, and it seems she does
not even know it. 

-Expense of the last three tallow candles to patrol the corridors.
$0.90. The community’s coffer is empty. 

Holy Thursday. 

The sky dyes itself a strange violet color at dusk, the cold returns
suddenly, freezing the mud of the previous rain. Sister Beatriz has
stolen my scapular and delivered it as an offering to the novice, who
parades about the convent with it, several of them now look upon her as
a superior though she no longer wears her white veil, she appears
confused and terrified, or so she would have me think. 

-A sack of clean wheat for the hosts, some $25, destroyed by the
professed nuns to scatter it with bird’s blood upon the altar. 

Good Friday 

Absolute darkness by night, broken only by the lightning of a brutal
electric storm that strikes the bell tower. Today is the day of the
novice Victoria’s solemn vows, I know not what to expect, I cling to the
power of the Lord, He shall protect me, the professed sisters whisper
this day with eagerness, they no longer respect privacy, they look upon
one another, they touch one another, the ceremony is about to begin, God
help me and give me strength, the novice was here confessing and it
terrified me that as I reminded her how she had brought sin embedded in
her skin from outside and had contaminated the sisters with it a smile
drew itself upon her face, as she prayed she stopped; “I confess to
almighty God, and to you, my brothers, that I have greatly sinned in
thought, word, deed, and omission: through my fault, through my fault,
through my most grievous fault, through… my fault… my fault…” she only
rose and left. I need strength for the ceremony, from here I can hear
their chanting. God be with me. 

Holy Saturday. 

The dawn is white and freezing at the foot of the valley, the storm has
passed and from here the monastery above, upon the summit shines beneath
a winter sun, I am wounded, defeated, bleeding and sheltered in the
abandoned charcoal-burner’s hut, yesterday’s ceremony has defeated my
faith in the convent, what began as a ceremony of vows amid chanting
became, through the novice’s rebellion, a feast to sin, the novice
halted her vows, stood before me and thanked me before the whole convent
for helping her see what truly reigns within her, what sin does to the
soul and how it helps make her penitences real, she thanked me for
showing her that she can be a better abbess, amid the cries of the
professed she tore off my veil, spat upon my face and threw me to the
ground, she seized the heaviest bible upon the bible pulpit and with it
began to strike me until her arms could give no more, the other nuns
cried out in jubilation, wept, prayed, while she was worshipped in
carnal fashion by Sister Beatriz, who began stripping off her habit
until entirely naked, followed by the whole flock of sinners, becoming a
mass of flesh without habits, without resentment nor guilt, touching one
another’s bodies, covering their faces with the faces from the torn
canvases, weeping and singing, while the novice trod upon my habit and
positioned herself upon the altar, claiming power, reverence and respect
as the new queen abbess, the storm was her witness, the lightning her
only light and the cries of blind devotion from the naked sisters her
sustenance, my face was bleeding, my robes were destroyed, I could only
crawl along the floor among the naked bodies of the professed, just as I
reached the door some feet came to rest upon me, casting this chronicle
book upon my hands, breaking two fingers of one of them, “You, sister,
and your book shall be witnesses to the power of sin for the vindication
and purification of the soul, the superior abbess Victoria has spared
your life only so that you may be prophet of her story, you are no
longer welcome, get out of here.” I was expelled from my convent by
sinful nuns sunk in sin, in temptation and in the blinded power of
repentance. I use my last drop of iron-gall ink to close the record of
the infamy that now reigns in that place, the soot of the hut fills my
lungs and the book’s ink as well, fortunately two days before the
purification of the virgin the muleteer at the parlor grille told me of
a new convent rising in a town, a town famous for a shop of trinkets or
something of the sort, perhaps that place shall have need of my wisdom,
I am left without ink and without strength, I hope I may leave this
place and may raise up my faith once more, helping a new place to be
born beneath the faith of the Lord. 
