I remember where we were when the dead came wailing. We sat at the same
rickety, old picnic table as we always had. The same picnic table we had
sat at on our first date. I thought it was our first date, but you’d
assured me it wasn’t, in fact, a date, but two friends enjoying one of
the last warm days before the chill of autumn started to creep in. The
very same picnic table we sat at on what would have been our son’s fifth
birthday. Your sobbing on that day was just as loud and full of
heartache as the day we laid Liam to rest. I sit at that table now,
writing this letter.

I remember that day being a bright spot in an otherwise bleak patch of
time. You hadn’t left the house in months aside from the odd trip to the
grocery store, post office, or some other mundanity. I was taken aback
when you suggested a trip to the park; our park. I recall sitting with
you, hand in hand, both of us in awe at the beauty of the rust-color
spreading throughout the canopies of the mountainside. It felt, for the
briefest of moments, as if the knot in my chest had a chance of being
ignored for a day. I wanted to tell you, but even the mention of it
would make it untrue.

As we sat there taking in the scenery, we overheard a distant commotion
far away in the fields. At first, we dismissed it as teenagers stirring
up some trouble on a weekend. It was when the cries became more numerous
that we started to believe something more was happening. We stood up and
moved to get a better view of the source of the turmoil. Cresting the
hill, we saw two distinct groups. A small group of people slowly moving
toward the other group. The stationary group being slightly larger than
the movers. The larger group seemed to be frantic, but moving slowly
away. We couldn’t tell which group was making the terrible wails we had
heard.

I wanted to leave, but you thought we should see if anyone needed help.
After checking my phone and seeing that there was no service, I
begrudgingly agreed. We hurried our way down the hill. I can still feel
the way you squeezed my bicep with a death grip instead of holding my
hand. What an odd detail to remember, right? Of all the impossible
things we experienced that day, that moment lingers with me somehow.

Upon approach, it became clear that the cries were coming from both
sides. I remember the puzzled and anxious glance you shot me as we got
closer. The pursuing group were all naked and pale. All of them were
clutching themselves for dear life, shivering uncontrollably, and
sobbing like newborns. The shivering is what unnerved me. It was in the
mid-eighties that day. A young woman led the pack and was slowly
plodding her way forward as she wailed in anguish. She was gaunt and
pale, like she hadn’t eaten in weeks. She seemed to be transfixed on a
member of the other group, an older woman with graying brown hair. The
older woman had a look of abject horror on her face. Tears streamed down
her face as she backed away, squelching back her deep gutteral sobs as
best she could.

“Chloe… you died…” the older woman managed to groan out between gasping
sobs. The woman then halted her retreat and began to step toward who I
now know to be her daughter who had died four months earlier of an
overdose. The woman spread her arms and embraced her crying daughter and
the daughter, in turn, coiled around her mother. For a few seconds, it
seemed like that would be the end of it, until the screams of agony
came.

It’s difficult to describe the sound; Something like tearing a stack of
wet paper. The mother screamed in pain from the touch and she tried to
pull away but her skin seemed like it was glued to her daughter’s. All
the points where their skin touched, cheeks, arms, and hands were
somehow attached. The confusion and panic on her face was evident as she
began pulling and ripping her own flesh to free herself. All the while,
the daughter had still been sobbing and shivering. That was when I
noticed you had covered your mouth in horror.

“Back away from them! Don’t let them touch you!” I yelled to the
scrambling, bewildered group of onlookers. The woman still hadn’t freed
herself. The entire inside of her forearms were still stuck to her
daughter’s back. The skin of her left cheek and hands had been peeled
off and were still firmly stuck to the skin of the daughter. Blood
dripped unendingly from the wounds as she tried to gather the courage to
peel her arms away, but it was too much for her. The daughter remained
grasped around her mother, sobbing into her shoulder. Luckily there was
no more skin contact from this.

“Someone help! Get her off of me!” The woman screamed hoarsely.

“Don’t. Leave. Me. Please. Mom,” the daughter choked out between the
gasping wails. The contrast between the blood-curdling cries and the
soft, timid nature of her pleading felt surreal.

“Somebody help her!” I yelled and jogged toward the woman. I signaled to
a teenage boy to follow and help me. He seemed to be in a daze but he
did as I said. We each grabbed an arm of the woman. “We’re going to
pull, okay? This is going to hurt,” I said and looked at the boy; he was
nervous. “Do not touch the girl!” I said with authority. He nodded. The
woman made eye contact with me and a look of resignation hung on her
face. The bizarre nature of the event had left her completely stupefied.
“One, Two, Three!” I barked, and then pulled with my full force. There
was resistance at first, but all at once, with a sickening rip, the
flesh tore and separated the women.

The sobbing continued and began to get even more erratic until the girl
started hyperventilating and all at once, collapsed lifelessly to the
ground. Apart from the more mild moans from the other nude members of
the strange group, the afternoon fell quiet for a moment. Then the
mother began sobbing of her own. Unsure if it was the injuries or the
pure horror of the situation that was distressing her, but there was no
consoling the woman at this point.

More concerned folks from other parts of the park began to filter in
from different directions.

“Alison!” A new member of the naked shambling crowd said, low frantic
moans bookending the name. He was a middle aged man, who appeared to be
in good shape, despite his current condition.

“Fuck you, you’re not my dad!” screamed a young woman. The woman turned
and ran; The rest of the crowd followed suit.

I was focused on getting the wounded mother out of her stupor and moving
towards somewhere that could help her. That’s when I noticed you, back
turned, and frozen as still as a mountain. The air was just as still, as
if even the wind respected the gravity of the moment. I approached you
from behind and followed your gaze. There was a silhouette astride the
hilltop from which we had come minutes earlier. A small one.

You ran.

You ran towards him.

It.

The thing that couldn’t be our son. Our son was gone and you couldn’t
accept that.

I’m ANGRY. So much anger buried in my stomach that I wish I could wretch
up and discard. Instead, I have to write these feelings over and over
and over in hopes that somehow they will reach you and you can tell me
you’re sorry. Sorry that you left me with sorrow for two to bear on one
set of shoulders. I’ll sit here every day until I hear your apology. I
will wait here every single day. You OWE me that much.

(The following are torn scraps of paper that were tucked into random
pages.) 

 

 

Please just come see me. Hasn’t it been long enough? Haven’t I suffered
enough for you?

 

 

I bet you thought I’d give up by now. Not a chance.

 

 

Still waiting.

 
