I need help. 

I don’t . . . really know what I’ve found or what the hell is going on.

I just spent 10 hours desperately trying to get out of a space station
that should, by all accounts, have taken just minutes to explore fully.
The worst part is that, because I’m on an expeditionary scouting
mission, I’m literally by myself. If I hadn’t finally found a way out of
there, I would have been stuck forever. 

I’m actually shaking at the thought of being in there and never getting
out. But . . . but I’m just so drawn to it. I’m looking at it right now
from the starboard porthole right above my berth and . . . I just want
to explore it.

It’s hard to describe too, because it’s not a station type I’ve ever
come across. No, it’s more like six pyramids glitched through each
other, with their various tips and corners jutting out in various
directions. 

The other thing is that it’s not really black. Well, it is black, when
it’s barely being illuminated by the star. But when a stray ray of light
reflects off it at just the right angle, it blows up with shimmering
lights all over its surface.

It’s easy to miss, but utterly captivating when you see it . . . 

I was lucky to find it, given that my ship had various different sensors
to detect mineral deposits and potentially even organic life in the
TRAPPIST-1 system. I mean, there’s seven whole planets in here, surely
one of them has life?! 

I mean, even this pyramid thing might have been from some long-lost
civilization.

That said, what really, really, really made my skin crawl, is that when
I entered for the first time, the large screen opposite the massive
hatch flashed with:

WELCOME BACK, ALBERT

Have . . . have I been. FUCK, I don’t remember. I don’t remember
anything happening before going in. I was traveling through the system,
my sensors spotted the station, I approached it and . . . that’s when I
got trapped inside.

Shit. 

Am I still inside?

I don’t know what to do, and what is going to happen .I’m sending this
through the expeditionary network because I don’t know who else to
contact. Honestly, I don’t even know if the network is safe or if it’s
listening to me.

Please. Please tell me that it hasn’t trapped me inside. I can’t stand
the thought of having to go through all those corridors again, that
flashing terminal telling me to go deeper. . . 

Fuck.

That’s something else I just remembered. It wasn’t just welcoming me, it
was inviting me, or . . . no, it was compelling me to go deeper. 

It felt like . . . have you ever felt butterflies in your stomach, but
somehow that sensation floats up to the middle of your chest and near
your throat and you feel horrible? And you’ll do anything to get rid of
that sensation? 

That’s what it was like. The compulsion to get rid of that feeling, and
the deeper I went, the more I knew it would go away BUT IT JUST FUCKING
DIDN’T. AND NOW I FEEL SICK AND ALONE AND SCARED.

I have half a mind to turn around and leave, but I can’t. I need to
know. I need to know what happened to me. I need to know if I’m still
inside it. And most importantly, I need to make sure nobody else falls
into this fucking hellhole. 

I think I’m going to go to sleep.

I’m going to keep the lights on, but I’m going to fucking sleep because
I just can’t handle this shit anymore.

And tomorrow?

Well, tomorrow I go back inside . . . or maybe back outside. . . or
something, I don’t fucking know.

For now, I’ve looked around the room, locked the door, and hope to god
the second life sign the ship’s sensor is detecting is just an error.

Please, please god, let it just be an error.
