I used to be fun. I had a reputation for being the life of the party. In
my early to mid twenties, I spent 30% of my waking life fully
intoxicated. I hit every bar in town at least once, I crashed countless
house parties, and I threw quite a few parties of my own. That was the
life man. Live fast and die young as they say. The problem with that is,
I haven’t died yet. I’m not saying I’m not young any more, but I’m not
young enough to party like I use to. Not only do I not party any more,
but I’ve also become quite the homebody.

Most people stop partying as they get older because they realize that
it’s time to become responsible members of society. Not me, I stopped
because everyone else my age stopped. Don’t get me wrong, I tried to
keep it going for as long as I can. The thing is, you start feeling
weird about hanging out with kids fifteen years younger than you. Most
of my friends left me behind when I decided to stay in my twenties as I
was pushing 40.

At some point I came to the realization that I needed to move forward.
However, this ended up sending me down a well of depression. I stopped
drinking for a while, and really concentrated on my career. Over time
things got better, but I never stopped missing my party days.

After I hadn’t drank for quite some time, my mood started coming back to
me, and I finally started mingling with my coworkers. They were seeing
my personality for the first time, and they really liked me. I got
invited to a get together with a few coworkers a couple weeks ago, and
ended up having a great time. I wasn’t expecting alcohol to be involved,
but there were a few bottles of wine, and a couple cases of beer. It was
the first alcohol I drank in almost six months. I realized very quickly
that if I kept drinking at the pace I was, I would finish all of it
before anybody else got a chance to even get a buzz, so I slowed down. I
hardly felt tipsy at all, but still had a good time.

I immediately started planning a get together of my own. I asked my
coworkers if they would be interested in coming to my place the next
weekend, and they all thought it was a great idea. I was so excited to
get back into the swing of things. I felt like I was falling back into
my old role of being the king of parties.

First thing I did was pull out the old refrigerator from the garage that
I hadn’t used in years. I dragged it out into the backyard, scrubbed
every surface on the inside, and sprayed it all out with the garden
hose. Next I cleaned off all the patio furniture and swept the porch. On
Friday, I stopped by the liquor store and bought enough beer, seltzers,
and wine coolers to fill up the fridge. I was ready.

Turns out that I had over done it. The guests arrived expecting a chill
evening and a few beverages. Out of what they considered kindness, they
didn’t bring it up. Instead they slowly sipped their drinks and watched
me get belligerently drunk. They still had fun though. They had me as
the show. That next Monday I profusely apologized, and asked if they
would forget the whole thing. I was forgiven, and told that it was still
a fun night. I would be fine as long as I didn’t behave that way at one
of their places.

So, I needed to find that fine line between partying and being
respectable. I had no idea how to do that, up until I was doom scrolling
through Instagram one day. I came across a home project ‘how to’ video
on installing a beer cooler by putting it into the ground. It looked
super sleek, cool, and elegant. It was the perfect way to have fun while
still not looking low class.

I collected all the supplies I needed and started digging immediately.
However, I didn’t dig too far before hitting something solid. I was
surprised to find that my lawn wasn’t even sitting on a whole foot of
dirt. It was concrete, why would they lay dirt onto concrete. There was
something odd however, when my shovel hit the concrete, it sounded
hollow. Out of pure curiosity, I dug the hole wider, and found an edge
to the concrete. I continued digging even wider, with complete disregard
for the fact that I was tearing up my lawn. I followed the edges of the
concrete until I created a complete square. After clearing off all the
rest of the dirt, I found a handle. It was a door.

The concrete slab was pretty thin, so it wasn’t very heavy. I lifted it
open to find a ladder leading down a shaft. Now, the concrete slab
wasn’t on hinges or anything, so I just ended up lifting the whole thing
and placing it to the side. My curiosity overcame me and I immediately
began climbing down. Common sense then hit me over the head with the
knowledge that I was climbing down into complete darkness. I quickly ran
inside and grabbed a flash light, only to immediately run back and start
climbing down into the tunnel. That was the extent of my common sense
that day.

It wasn’t too far to the bottom, probably about fifteen feet. Once I got
down there I looked around my surroundings with the flash light. I was
in a tunnel with two directions I could choose. I figured since this was
all under my house, it was considered my property, and just didn’t think
that much past that. It was time to explore.

After a quick game of ‘eenie meenie miney mo’, I had a direction chosen.
After walking about ten feet I came to a turn to my left, and then
another turn to the left. I was now going back in the direction I came,
but on the other side of a wall, how odd. After about five feet was a
turn to the right, and another five feet was another choice, right or
left. Another quick game of ‘eenie meenie miney mo’, and I was off.

I followed this for quite some time, every now and then picking a
direction. In hindsight I should have been making notes of my choices,
but at the time I just saw it as a fun little maze. I was just under my
own house. There wasn’t anything to be worried about. I had a general
idea of where I came from, and I was fairly positive that I could get
back. That was until the flash light started dying. I never thought to
check the batteries. It was time to go back. I could come back and
explore later.

I was getting tired, and my mind started struggling to remember the way
back. I was starting to worry, but not too much. I’m sure this maze
isn’t too complicated. The flash light gave out fully. That was fast.
Not to worry, the tunnels were only like four feet wide, I could feel my
way back across the walls.

After some time, I was sure I was where the ladder should be, but I
didn’t feel it. Not only that, but there was no opening above me. It was
still midday, I should have seen sunlight by now. No matter, I’ll just
retrace my steps just a little bit, I’m sure the ladder was just around
the corner. It wasn’t. That’s when I started to freak out. I wasn’t
making good decisions anymore. I just tried any path I could take. I was
running around like a lost rat.

I was getting tired, and had to take a break. I leaned my hand against
the wall and felt a rung. What luck! Relief overcame me, and I began to
climb. It was about half way up when something started bothering me. It
felt like there was something wrong, but I couldn’t quite put my finger
on it. Wait a minute, where’s the sunlight, it’s still not even the
evening yet, there should be light pouring in from above me.

I stayed still on the ladder for a moment, did someone replace the
cover? Why would someone do that? Who would be in my back yard? Maybe
I’m below someone else’s back yard. That could be possible. I decided to
keep climbing. Once I got to the top, I tried to push up on the concrete
cover. It was much heavier than I remembered. I tried harder, and it
still didn’t budge. Shit, if I’m under someone else’s yard, that means
there’s still a layer of dirt on top. I really didn’t want to go back
down, so I tried to push up anyway. How heavy can a foot of dirt be? I
stepped up a few rungs, and put my whole back into it. I felt it give
way, even just a little bit. This was possible, I should be able to do
it. I kept pushing until I finally felt it lift until I could shimmy it
over. I heard it sliding on top of concrete as I slid it over. There was
no light. It was pitch black, I was still in the tunnels.

How was that possible, I must have gone down a slope that was so subtle,
I didn’t realize it. What do I do now? Try and find my way back? Or move
on from here. I’m now higher than I was before, thus closer to getting
out. I decided not to climb back down. I finished climbing up and out of
the hole. Where to now? I just stood up, touched the wall, and started
moving in the closest direction I could find.

The tunnels seemed different than they were before. I think they’re
wider. I could barely touch both sides with the tips of my fingers. I
would continue following the path as it twisted and turned. I would make
a choice at random when coming to a fork. As I was walking in the
complete darkness, I kicked something heavy that was on the ground and
yelled out in pain. What I heard next chilled me to the bone. I’ll tell
you right now, I don’t even remember what I heard exactly. All I know is
that I caught the attention of something, and that something wasn’t
human.

I was frozen in fear for a moment. Maybe I imagined it, but then I heard
the sound of feet running across the concrete floor from in front of me.
I couldn’t tell just how many feet it was, I just knew it was more than
two. I turned around and started moving as fast as I could without
running. If I ran, I risked running face first into a wall. I could hear
it slowly gaining on me as I made my way around corners. I came across a
fork and made a choice at random. At this point I tried to be lighter on
my feet. Maybe I can get away from it in the maze if it can’t heat which
way I went. Though it seemed like it was on my tail no matter what
decision I made.

All of a sudden it felt like the path was opened up, and I was just
going straight for a while. I was pretty sure this was the path I came
from. I thought I was about to get to the hole I came out of. I could go
down the ladder, and lift the cover back over in place. There was one
problem, my finger tips started scraping on the walls on both sides. I
could swear the tunnel was wider than that. I guess my mind is just
remembering wrong. I kept moving to try and get to the hole, but I could
swear it felt like the tunnel was getting thinner. I could hear the
beast get closer to me by the second. Come one, I should come across
that hole any time now. Okay, I could no longer stretch my arms all the
way out on both sides, the tunnel was definitely getting thinner.

I finally accepted that I was not where I thought I was. My only hope
now was to find another corner to go around. However, I wasn’t finding
one, instead the tunnel just kept getting thinner as the footsteps got
closer and closer. At this point I started running faster. It was a
stupid idea, but my adrenaline started taking over. I could run into a
wall at any moment. I kept my hands in front of me so they could at
least take some of that force instead of my face. Besides, I couldn’t
even hold them out to my sides any more, since the tunnel was just
barely wider than my shoulders. I started full blown sprinting. So far
so good, I hadn’t run into a wall yet, but my shoulders were scraping
against the walls.

Eventually I had to slow down a little bit. I had to pivot my body so
that I could fit through the tunnel. The creature behind me however,
hadn’t lost any speed. My stomach and chest were now scraping against
the walls. I was crab walking as fast as I could. How thin was this
creature that it was able to keep chasing me. I was finally moving
slowly as I was literally just trying to squeeze myself between the
walls. The realization started to hit. I wasn’t getting out of this.
Either whatever was chasing me was going to get me, or I was going to
get permanently stuck in there. A few more steps, and there it was. I
was stuck. It just kept getting thinner after that, and the fucking
thing was still on its way.

Wait, hold up, my hand feels a corner. No way. It opens up right where
my fingers are. I could wrap them around the corner. I just needed to
squeeze a little bit farther. I could feel the walls scratching my back
and chest. I used my fingers to try and pull myself, but they didn’t
have enough strength. Then I spread my legs, and used my back leg to
push my torso as much as possible. It was working, but very slowly, and
I can hear it getting closer and closer. Just a little bit more. My hand
was now more free to assist with my leg by pulling. Inch by inch, I was
moving. My arm was now completely free so that I could stick my whole
elbow out and push against the wall to pull me out. I exhaled as much as
I could, and gave one last push. I felt the walls almost pinching my
torso, the corner scraping against my rib cage, and I was out.

I heard the beast come up right behind me and stop. It squealed loudly
as it lodged itself between the walls. I had no idea what it looked
like, but it sounded terrifying as it snarled at me. I also had no idea
how big it was, so I didn’t know if it would be able to squeeze through,
so I started moving again, as fast as I could.

As I put distance between myself and that thing, I could hear it less
and less. I was pretty sure it was good and stuck. Now what? I was back
in the maze. I was still as lost as ever, and who knows if I might run
into another one of those things. At this point I was losing hope and
fast. I was pretty sure I was going to wander around this maze until I
died of thirst, or I ran into another whatever that was. After rounding
another random corner, I noticed something different. I could see. I was
still pretty blind, but I could kind of make out the walls in front of
me. I tried to make my way towards the light as it got brighter. My
spirits were lifted even further as I felt a breeze blowing towards me.
I saw something on the wall not far on my left. Are those ladder rungs?
I felt a bout of energy, and ran towards it. Once I got to them, I
looked up to see the moonlit sky.

I climbed up the ladder as fast as I could and placed the cover back
over the hole. I even grabbed the shovel and buried it in dirt. I
suddenly found a whole new appreciation for life. I wanted to actually
live life the way you were supposed to. I’m going to quit drinking, and
live a healthier lifestyle, but first, I need a drink. That shit was
crazy.
