Where do I even begin?

The last couple of days have been a total whirlwind. I call up the
company, course they don’t believe me so I show up at the company check
in desk and give the poor clerk a heart attack. Minutes later I’m down
in our airport offices, on a video call with a bunch of higher ups and
some federal looking types. The first thing out of everyone’s mouth was
pretty obvious.

“You look different.”

No shit. Every photo used in the media, every public facing photograph
of me, shows a different man than the one sitting before them. Even the
older documents on file with the company show that same man. Thing is,
our fingerprints match. Or rather, mine match my own.

I wish I could say there was more talk about that but the FAA guys were
really keen on getting the story from my POV. I told them everything
that had happened before the flight, I told them about the unmarked
flight corridor, I told them about the Saint Elmo’s fire, and I told
them about how the cockpit was engulfed by a brilliant light, then
waking up on a beach two weeks later. I couldn’t recall exactly where
over the ocean we were when that all happened, but I was able to give
them a rough idea.

It was enough.

A day later I got a call from someone at the company. They found the
plane, its wreckage anyway.

Search and Rescue craft acquired the black box signal about 600 miles
east off the west coast. A few hours later dive teams retrieved the FDR,
heavily damaged.

The black box itself remained intact, estimates from the damage to the
craft and overall spread of the wreckage indicated the aircraft impacted
the ocean at nearly 630 knots, or nearly Mach 1. But that wasn’t what
damaged the data recorder and scrambled the CVR, it was the severe
electrical damage it had sustained. I imagine it was likely related to
the phenomenon that caused Saint Elmo’s Fire in the first place.

I did do a bit of research into that phenomenon, by the way. I may be a
pilot but this level of physics is a bit beyond me. In essence, the only
way Saint Elmo’s Fire could have formed the way it did would have
required us to have flown into an environment so overwhelmingly charged
with static electricity that it should have resulted in a lightning
strike a thousand times over. Even still, such a phenomenon cannot exist
in a vacuum. There had to be a cause and the only one that could have
even approached the magnitude of what we experienced is, you guessed it,
a volcanic ash cloud. I mentioned this during my initial debriefing with
the FAA but they practically ignored it.

Recovery is still ongoing, and I don’t think I’m supposed to know this
but one of the FAA guys mentioned it in passing, they haven’t recovered
any bodies. It was almost as if there never were passengers aboard the
aircraft.

I figured that was pretty odd, like how the hell does an entire plane
end up with no passengers? Then again, I woke up back home after two
weeks of god knows what. Maybe the other passengers are out there
experiencing similar fates.

The FAA hasn’t gone public about the discovery yet. The public is
speculating that they did find something due to the obvious increase in
activity around the crash site, so I’d imagine its only a matter of time
before it leaks. That or they give in and just tell everyone. I,
however, have been ordered by some unpleasant men in suits to keep my
mouth shut until they say otherwise. Not like I really have anyone to go
blabbing to who’d believe anything I’d say.

I guess I am somewhat relieved to have a bit of closure. If you can call
it that. I mean the question of how myself and 139 others just vanished
is still ever-present. Even more confusing is the whole static charge
thing. I mean shit, as it is, this is all way beyond my understanding.

It really feels like every day I wake up, I’m in someone else’s house,
living someone else’s life. I mean I remember life before this. I
remember the simplicity, the monotony, the Pho. The little things.

I also remember the big things. I remember when my ex divorced me for
loving the job more than I loved her, but it turns out she just loved my
friend more. I remember when they all abandoned me because she’d spun
some lie about how I was cheating on her with some flight attendent half
my age. I remember when my dad passed away from lung cancer. I remember
when my mom died in an accident just a few months ago.

And I remembered how none of it seemed to really bother me. I’m not
young, I’m pushing my late 40s. I kept getting colleagues asking if I
was ok, saying I should take some time and sit back from flying. I told
them no of course. I wasn’t going to do anything crazy, the AMEs made
sure to check that. I truly just didn’t care. Maybe that makes me cold
hearted, who cares. Only thing that mattered to me was flying.

I remember being a kid who took his first trip across the continent to
visit grandma and grandpa in palm springs. I remember watching those
beautiful silver beasts roar and soar through the skies as if they had
always belonged there. I remember that sense of freedom, looking down on
the world from above and seeing it all from a perspective no one ever
considers. I remember my first discovery flight from my local Civil Air
Patrol, the way I could feel the craft as an extension of myself. I
remember working my ass off doing car sales to pay for my PPL.

I remember the whole damn journey from start to now. Yet everything
after the crash just feels like I’m living someone else’s life, that im
a captive audience just along for the ride.

I remember finally getting my ATPL, getting signed with my company, and
getting my type rating.

And I remember that email. The weird one. The one that would creep up
along the back of my mind during take off rolls down the reef runway.
The one from the place that made my favorite Pho.

The one inviting me to… Gemini…

What the hell was Gemini? Why can’t I remember any of it? Why can I only
recall these bits and pieces now?

Why the hell don’t I keep photos of myself in my house?
