I fucked up. God, I screwed up so fuckin’ bad. I don’t know why I need
to say any of this, probably because I’m terrified. I know they saw me,
I know what they’ll try to do to me.

I’ve spent the last month looking over my shoulder, waiting. Waiting for
their next move, for the next shoe to drop. I’m just a passenger on a
doomed voyage now, staring at dark water and pretending I won’t see the
iceberg coming. When it hits, though? At least my story will be around
to be told, no matter how far-fetched it seems.

Before all this happened, I was really into the whole “urban
exploration” thing. Finding places in the city with history, or just a
good tale to tell. Sometimes we’d record our outings and post them on
the internet. Most of the time, though, we just enjoyed the strangeness
of the world so close to us.

Our last outing brought us to an older part of the city on the
outskirts. A neighborhood long since abandoned due to “eminent domain”
and political bullshit. It was never used, but also never given back.
The government just claimed the area and moved on, leaving the people to
find some other home. It wasn’t the history that made us want to check
this place out, though. It was the fact that many of these homes were
built with basements. I come from a place in the Southwest where
building underground is not only expensive, but difficult. So, the idea
of an entire neighborhood with its own basements was fascinating to me.

It was just me and my buddy, Dan that day. We drove about an hour to the
edge of town, where this place had been left and forgotten. When we
arrived, it was like walking into a ghost town. Rows upon rows of
houses, left empty by a government that abandoned whatever project it
had in mind for the area. It was like walking through the living
embodiment of one of this city’s many failures to its people. Most of
the homes were coated in graffiti at this point. Caricatures and writing
that weren’t easy to decipher, but we were sure some marked this place
as belonging to one gang or another. There just wasn’t anyone there to
enforce a territory claim.

We wandered the streets for an hour, just taking in the surreal feeling
of walking through an otherwise modern neighborhood, save for its lack
of occupants. After that time, we decided to check out the interiors of
some of the houses. Most of the doors (if there even still were a door
on the hinges) were unlocked or broken. We found old campsites, likely
from the local homeless population, used needles, all sorts of trash and
rubble from the damage many of the homes sustained at the hands of their
temporary residents, and broken glass. Even the basements were pretty
mundane empty ruins, but it was still interesting to find stairs in
these places that traveled downward, into the ground. I know that for
some it’s par for the course, but I wasn’t one of them.

Four hours into our exploration we found it.

From the outside it just seemed like another graffiti-coatedd,abandonedd
home. Then we got closer, and the grafiti on this place was different.
It wasn’t a bunch of symbols and gang claims,, it was a slew of
warnings. “Stay out!” and “The Devil Lives Here” were a few that stood
out to me. There was also pentagrams and other religious iconography
drawn all over the walls. It gave me pause, like something about this
particular place was wrong. When I voiced my concerns to Dan he just
shook it off.

“Probably where the leaders of the gang would meet or some shit, maybe
they killed some people in here?” There was a morbid fascination in
Dan’s voice as he mentioned that last part, almost like he was eager to
find a dead body. “Only way to know is to check it out, though.”
Therehere

I knew I wasn’t going to be able to stop him from going inside. The best
I could do was follow behind and make sure nothing bad happened to him
while we were in there.

God, I wish I hadn’t.

The door to this house was locked, and the windows were all boarded up.
We had to force our way in past the front door, and when we did the odor
hit us first. The putrid scent of overripe fruit mixed with the
unmistakable stench of decay. We couldn’t smell it all outside, like the
door locked it away in this place. I staggered back, covering my mouth
as I nearly voided my stomach right there. Dan wasn’t nearly as bad off.
He coughed and waved his hand in front of his face as he turned to look
at me. “Something definitely died in here…” he murmured, pulling out his
flashlight and shining it through the room.

There was furniture in here, rotting and musty. The kitchen still had a
table set out, with rotting food on plates, as though the occupants of
this home didn’t leave so much as they had disappeared. Everything
smelled old, or like death. It was hard to navigate through the place,
the scent was making my eyes water and my head was starting to throb.
Dan wanted to keep going, though. He said the smell meant something died
recently. It wasn’t old rot, it was new. How he knew so much about
differentiating the smells of death I still don’t know, but I followed
dutifully. I wasn’t about to leave him alone in a place like this, and
if something had died in here? It made all the more sense to continue
our exploration together.

We checked out each of the rooms, the stale scent of rot clung to the
air, but the source was nowhere in sight. There was furniture in every
room, as if the house had been well lived in before it was just
abandoned and forgotten. I didn’t find any places where it was obvious
that homeless people might’ve been. In fact, aside from all of the
rotting food in the kitchen and dining room, this was probably the
cleanest house we had checked out. No holes, no glass, no used needles
or trash. It was like this place was intentionally avoided.

When the time finally came to check out the basement, I was nauseous. My
head was splitting, and the odor was growing stronger. Whatever the
source of the rot smell was, it was coming from down there. Bracing
ourselves, we opened the door. At least, we were going to, but the door
was boarded up and chained. Whatever was down there, someone didn’t want
people to see it.

We had brought a pry bar and bolt cutters in case we needed to pull any
boards or break locks. So, we went back to the car and gathered up our
tools, breaking the chains and pulling the wood off of the door to get
down into the basement waiting below.

We were right in our assumptions about the scent. It was nearly
overpowering as we descended the stairs into the unfinished room below.
At this point we had made masks out of some old shirts in my trunk that
I had planned on donating. Even with the covering over our noses and
mouths, the scent was a punch in the face. When we finally reached the
bottom of the stairwell what we found felt like something out of a
horror film.

The walls were coated in a sheen of something thick and slimy, almost
like tar and the floor was covered in these strange blackish green
masses that looked and smelled like piles of decaying flesh. They seemed
to pulse and quiver as Dan pressed his foot against one, leaking this
sickly yellow-green pus from where he had pressed. The vile scent wafted
up from these cankers as we plodded through the basement. Something in
the pit of my gut filled me with unease as I looked at these things and
as I looked over the walls.

The entire room was filled with this rancid humidity; it clung to our
clothes and pressed a sticky sheen against our skin, but still we
persisted in our investigation. At this point, Dan had his phone out and
was filming the disgusting things in the room, documenting the
aberrations on the ground with rapt interest.

That was when we found the hole. It was about ten feet wide and seemed
to go down further into the ground at an eased slope, almost as if it
were designed to be traveled through.

“I think we’ve got enough, man…” I murmured to Dan. “Those warnings
might be true, you know? What if something lives down there? I mean,
look at this place, these things aren’t natural.” I pointed to one of
the Myriad mounds, oozing their stink into the air.

Dan gave me a dismissive wave. “If you’re done, bro, I get it. I’m gonna
keep going, though. Now I’ve got to know what’s down here.”

I sighed and shook my head. “I’m not going to let you go through that
thing alone. This place is fucked, and the last thing I want on my
conscience is the thought that you died in some fucking hole.”

Dan just shrugged, “Then stop trying to convince me to go and let’s get
in that hole,” he said with a laugh and wiggle of his eyebrows, like he
was suggesting something far more lewd than exploring a hole we found in
the ground.

As we began our descent into the earth, the scent of rot only seemed to
grow stronger, as if we were walking into the depths of a long-abandoned
abattoir. There was no more weird mounds or tarry substances, though.
The humidity also seemed to grow thicker the further in we went. The
walls of this little cavern weren’t paved or coated; it was loose earth
with roots and crumbling clods of dirt, but as our journey took us
further and further down, the path began to smooth, eventually turning
to what felt like solid concrete once again.

That same creeping dread began to claw its way into my psyche, something
telling me I needed to turn back before that wasn’t an option anymore,
but the other side of my mind was filled with a morbid curiosity.
Curiosity won out in the end, and I think about that moment. The “Point
of No Return” when the dirt turned to stone and we stepped into their
domain.

When we made the biggest mistake of our lives.

As the ground began to smooth, the walls began to develop the same sheen
they’d had in the basement above. The humidity only grew more
sweltering, like we were baking in a sauna at this point. Our clothes
clung to our skin, our breathing became more laboured, and we pressed
forward. The stink of decay was strong down here. An omnipresent stench
of rot and death that seemed to be threatening us. Telling us we needed
to go back, but Dan persisted, and I was too much of a coward to put my
foot down. Maybe I’m just blaming him because it feels easier, maybe I
wanted to keep pressing deeper in, too. I just know now that it was a
terrible idea.

Hindsight’s 20/20, after all.

We kept moving through this corridor, eventually it began to branch off,
multiple hallways leading to multiple dark paths, but we maintained our
course. There would always be time to check these other places once we
had reached our first destination. I don’t know how long we walked
through those dark corridors far beneath the earth, but eventually
things started to change.

It was subtle at first, small red veins snaking out of cracks in the
concrete, but then it began to grow more and more noticeable. Those
small veins turned to patches on the ground, looking almost like muscle
tissue. Dan noticed them, too, pausing only to film the strange growths
spreading from out of the ground and along the walls. As we continued
our exploration of this place, the strange sinewy muscle tissue coating
the walls and floors seemed to become more continuous. Longs paths of
the stuff begain to show, and eventually they started to have something
akin to skin. By the time we had gotten far enough that tunnel itself
seemed to be coated in this flesh, Dan had finally paused, murmuring to
himself about how fucked this whole situation was.

The skin on the walls was coated in what looked like old scars. Points
of smoothed or shinier flesh showed itself amongst the rest, like it had
been cut or stabbed. I looked to Dan, whose determination had finally
seemed to waver. “We’ve got way more than enough. This is inhuman, dude.
We can expose this!”

Dan looked at me, almost mournfully. “We don’t even know what this is
yet,” he said as he shook his head. “We have to go further in. We have
to learn everything we can about this place.”

I’d had enough. The humidity, the stink, and now skin growing out of the
walls. We had to get out of this place. “No. We’ve got to go, man. We’ve
got to get out of here, before someone finds us down here. What if it’s
a government experiment? They took all these homes, after all, what if
their reasoning for such a thing was so they could make whatever the
hell this iis?” I motioned to the pulsing wall of skin and muscle next
to me.

“I’m not leaving.” was Dan’s flat reply.

“Why? We’ve found something here, we have evidence of it. Let’s get the
fuck out before someone shows up, decides we aren’t supposed to be here,
and sews us into the wall or something!”

“Because I want to find out more. Now, you can come with, or you can go.
I don’t care. I’m going to keep moving.”

I pinched the bridge of my nose in frustration, I shook my head and took
a step back before sighing and resigning myself to continue in whatever
this quest was becoming. It didn’t matter how firm I was, how much I
wanted to get out of this, because I wasn’t going to leave my best
friend alone in this place. So, I followed.

The ground beneath us grew soft as we continued forward, the strange
flesh now covering the halls as well as the floor. That humidity came
with a heat now, like we were pressing ourselves against the sweaty body
of another person. It was dank, uncomfortable, and the rot smell only
continued to permeate throughout the area.

We walked for another hour through this hall of flesh before it opened
up. Stairs still coated in this pulsing, trembling skin led down into
what looked like a whole world made from living flesh. Spires and chasms
littered the strange hellscape before us, structures made of bone and
sinew and skin rose up from the flesh roads and clawed toward an unseen
sky. It was alien, it was aberrant, it was horrifying.

I saw a creature, at first I thought it was some form of gian mosquito,
but as I got a better look in the now dimly lit space I realized it was
something far, far worse. Its bublous head appeared to be fashioned from
a pair of human skulls designed to serve as a mockery for eyes while the
mouth appread to be crafted from severed rib bones and lost fingers. It
flew on a pair of wings made from thin, stretched skin and its abdomen
hung sickeningly below it, filled with bright red blood.

I fell backward upon witnessing the abominable creature, staggered up
the stairs, but Dan kept going, as if he were entranced by this place.
The skin here wasn’t just scarred. It was pockmarked and infected. Parts
of the flesh bore festering blisters fulls of green-yellow fluid, while
others bore open and weeping sores. The scent of the rot was apparent,
now. This part of the flesh was dying, even necrotized in some places,
black hardened patches of dead flesh marring the strange spires above.

I think Dan heard the sound before I did, moving as fast he was through
the strange city of flesh. It was low and constant, a pulsing beat that
resonated throughout the space. As we moved I noted more creatures, more
amalgamations of flesh and blood. Horrifying mockeries of real things.
None of them seemed to pay me any mind, though. They just continued
about whatever business it was they were so committed to.

Pressing through the sweltering city, we reached the source of the
aberration. In what looked almost like the city square, veins connected
to the towering spirelike buildings, a great beating heart pumped life
into the living city. It was atteneded by a group of what looked like
humans, their arms raised high into the air as if in reverant worship. I
gasped as I looked at the scene before me, these people worshipping the
heart of a city made from flesh and bone, the infected skin, the stink
of death and rot. All of it made my head spin, and I began to feel the
world around me slipping away.

Dan caught me before I passed out, phone still focused on the people
standing before this monstrous entity. They were chanting something,
something in language neither of us recognized. One of them pulled their
hood from their face, revealing a pale bald man with strange symbols
carved into his skin.

That was when he looked directly at us, and he smiled. He held out his
hand in offering, in welcome.

I pushed myself off the ground and backed away, but Dan seemed to take
the welcome for what it was. He pressed toward the man as I moved away.

I saw the knife before Dan did.

One of the other robed figures produced it, stabbing my best friend in
the back, between the shoulderblades. They pulled the knife and plunged
it in again, and again. Then, they turned their attention to me.

I ran.

I ran as fast as my legs could carry me through the soft, pliant flesh
of the city, even as strange ropelike veins burst from sores and
attempted to seize me. They tore my clothes, battered my body, and cut
me more times than I care to count.

Still I ran.

We were in the heart of this thing, literally, and I knew I wouldn’t be
safe until I reached the basement of that house, maybe not even then. My
lungs burned, legs screamed and ached, but I ran. Fueled by adrenaline
and terror I kept moving. I spared a glance over my shoulder only once
to see that I wasn’t being followed, but for some reason that didn’t
remove my fear. Didn’t settle my stomach. So, I ran.

I don’t know how I willed my body to run as long as it did, but as the
flesh turned to stone and the stone to earth I felt relief begin to wash
over me. I knew I wasn’t in the clear yet, knew I had to keep moving,
and so I did. I burst from that tunnel into the fetid stench of the
abandoned home. Into the tar-slick walls and the cancerous masses on the
ground, remnants of the city below? A failed and rotting attempt to
spread its influence? I didn’t know, I didn’t care, all I knew was that
safety wouldn’t be found within.

I kept running until I hit my car. Kept running until my lungs felt like
they would claw their way out of my chest, until my legs gave out from
underneath me.

I collapsed in my car, breath ragged, body ravaged. I stared at that
accursed house, taking big gulps of air as I tried to settle my system.
I puked. Right onto the waiting asphalt below. My body shaking, sweat
pouring from every part of me.

I think I passed out at some point, because it was suddenly the middle
of the night and I had no recollection of the time when I had locked
myself in my car. My breathing was a bit better, but I was still
exhausted and battered. I started my car and drove to the nearest ER
where I was treated for mostly minor wounds, a few needed stitches but
all in all I was in ok shape.

I was asked about what happened, of course, and I stunk of that rotten
place. When I spoke of it, though, all I got was a stern warning from
the cops not to go back there. They told me that was private government
property and that I was lucky they didn’t just arrest me then and there.
There was a look in their eyes, though. It wasn’t one of anger, but
concern. I couldn’t help but feel like they knew what I was talking
about, not only that, but like I wasn’t the first person to escape it.

I was discharged the following morning and shortly after was back in my
own place. When I got in, I staggered toward my room and collapsed on my
bed. I slept for well over nine hours and was awakened by my phone
ringing.

It was Dan.

My hands shook as I answered the phone. “H-hello?”

“Hey man, you took off like a bat outta hell last night, you good?”
Dan’s voice inquired on the other line.

“Am I good?” I asked, baffled. “I saw you. I saw them stab you! Not
once, either! Over and over!”

Dan laughed on the other end of the line. “Good prank, right? You know,
you kinda stranded me over here, dude. Kinda need you to come back.”

“No. No fucking way. I’m not doing any of that shit.” I stated flatly,
shaking my head and looking at my phone.

“But dude. They know.” was Dan’s reply.

“The fuck are you talking about?”

“They know where you live. Where you are right now. They’re watching
you. When you least expect it, they’re going to take you. They’re going
to bring you back to us…” as Dan spoke those final words, his voice
distorted, going from one to many. I hung up my phone and threw it
toward my wall, watching as it fell behind my nightstand.

The next day, as I woke and made my way to work, I noted a pair of black
SUVs that seemed to be following me. Not right behind, keeping a few
paces back so that it wasn’t extremely obvious. When I stopped for
coffee there was another parked across the street. Every time I stopped
somewhere, every time I looked over my shoulder there was an SUV.

Yesterday, I got a text from Dan’s phone. It was the video he had taken,
but it was distorted and garbled. Near the end I could hear him
screaming, and then the phone was picked up, that bald man looked into
it. “You’ll be joining us soon.”

They’re everywhere. Closing in around me. I can feel the jaws of the
trap slowly beginning to tighten. They’re going to take me back to that
place. To that world underground with the city made of skin and the
aberrant caricatures of creatures drifting through its so-called
streets. I know it’s only a matter of time, I know that there’s nowhere
I can run. I’ve already tried reporting them to the police, even watched
as a pair of cops approached one of the SUVs and spoke to the people
inside.

I was told there’s nothing they could do. The cops looked rattled,
though, like whoever had told them to tell me that held some kind of
major authority. I think it’s all some sort of government thing, like a
conspiracy. I can’t prove that, of course, but I know they’re coming
