If you haven’t read the first part of my story, you can check it out
[here] https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/kcDv1m1lCX

It’s only been about twenty four hours roughly since I last posted. This
was meant to go up yesterday. I haven’t played with the door since but
I’m thinking about it. I got distracted and forgot to post. Here’s what
I wrote yesterday:

I’ve had some time to think, and I’m starting to realize there were a
lot of little things about this apartment that I brushed off. I don’t
know if it’s because I’m overly rational or stupid.

It’s an old place, so I figured some oddities were just part of living
in an old building—or so I thought. But looking back now, they feel a
lot more like red flags. There were TONS. You know that feeling you get
when you move into a place and just accept things as they seem because
you live there and feel as though you just know what ever the noises or
scents are? It’s kind of like that but now I’m seeing the screen peel
back a little and shits getting Lovecraftian in my minds eye…

For one, the pipes have always been noisy, but not in a normal, clanky,
old-house kind of way.

No, sometimes I’d hear this weird scraping, like something metal was
being dragged through the walls. I always assumed birds or rats got in,
or maybe just leaves and twigs rattling around the vents, but now I’m
not sure.

And every once in a while, I’d smell something… off. Like mold or
something rotting, but I could never find the source. I just figured it
was an old building and left it at that. That smell would linger and get
on your skin like it was assimilating to you. It would fade after awhile
but when it rose again it would coat the back of your throat like
drinking something hot. It always made me kind of nauseous.

Then there’s the weird drafts. Even in the middle of summer, I’d feel
these cold breezes, especially near that wall behind the kitchen
cabinet. It was always colder there, but I assumed it was just bad
insulation or something. But it wasn’t like a draft. It was like a
whisper on the back of your neck. Creeping down your spine and chilling
you at your bones.

Oh, and the building used to have a candy store on the first floor. It
was owned by Shane’s family…. So that’s fun! Creepy candy store dude!
Can you say Dean Corll?

Needless to say it struck me as a little strange. I didn’t think much of
it at first—figured it was just a cool fact about the place’s history.

It closed down years ago, and no one in town seems to know why.

Or better yet they don’t really want to talk about it.

I asked a fella on the way to my truck today about it. Well really I
just asked him if he knew what the building used to be. He’s an old man
that sits out front facing the courthouse to read his paper every day
like it’s 1965, he’s always there right around the time I leave. He was
kinda hush about it but he told me not to ask anyone else about it. All
he said was it was a candy store. Shane’s mother opened it years ago.

Kept saying he couldn’t really tell me and to ask Shane. He said it was
a tragedy. He knew Shane’s mother apparently and always got peppermint
sticks while he read his paper. I’m guessing she died?

I can’t find anything online and I’m too tired to look anymore.

I thought it was odd that a candy store, of all things, would go out of
business in a small town full of families. And I thought it’s even more
strange that at one point Shane’s gargantuan ass used to sell candy to
children. (Nothing besides Henry Rollins screams get in the van better
than this.)

Now, I’m REALLY starting to think there’s more to that story.

Don’t even get me started on the noises at night. It wasn’t just the
usual bumps and creaks of an old building. Sometimes, it sounded like…
footsteps. Heavy ones. I live on the top floor—there’s no one above me.
That’s when it started to feel strange, but I still wrote it off as the
building settling or maybe just my imagination running wild. But now,
I’m certain there’s someone behind that door, or in this building.

And Sometimes there’s a high pitched noise that comes on when the water
pressure is low but other than that I guess that’s it. Honestly I lived
in a place with the same issue so no biggy but I guess it could be a red
flag too.

Now, with that door behind the wall… it’s all starting to feel
connected, and I’m not sure how much longer I can ignore it. More like I
can’t. I’m always working but damn it if I haven’t been hung up on this
shit.

I about welded a flange yoke to my shop table I was so bent out of shape
about it.

If you’re a welder in the automotive industry you know that’s just plain
stupid. But…

Anyway.

That brings me to now. After spending half the day trying to focus on
work (shout out to my clients waiting on their drivelines and trailers),
I finally couldn’t take it anymore. I had to see what was behind that
door for myself.

I grabbed my tools and went back to the house at around six. Just a
hammer and chisel. I mean it was only sealed off by paint - or so I
thought.

The second I got close to that wall, things got weird.

I started chipping around the seams of the door separating the door
frame from the door.

First the smell hit me—stronger than ever. It was like something had
died in there. It only took a few scrapes to unearth the stench, and
once it was there, it didn’t leave. It’s still here with me. It lives
with me now.

It reminded me of a memory from my childhood, growing up in rural North
Carolina. My folks were from the mountains and my mama used to walk me
and all the other kids to school every morning.

Daddy had the truck so we walked. One morning we all passed by a possum
that had freshly died. The smell only got worse once it starting
rotting, and every day it’d get worse than before. After a few weeks it
wasn’t a possum anymore, just dry bone held together by a couple gnawed
tendons. But it stayed with me for years. Simply due to the fact that
WHY THE HELL DID MY MAMA ALWAYS WALK US DOWN THE SAME ROAD EVERY DAY???

There were like twenty roads that lead to school! WHY?
Why steal my joy?!?!? Jesus! Anyway.

That smell from my childhood was that of rotting flesh and a dry tinge
of bone and decay, encumbered by a musky, gamey like smell. The best way
to describe the gamey smell would be that of a skunk pig.

(If you’ve ever been hunting in Texas or Arizona you know what I mean)

Whatever was coming from behind that wall had that smell, but behind it
was a moist, thick, mildew like hint of holy shit kill me. Like a cloth
chair left in the rain for years, or a sofa in an old house.

It was bad and I’m done describing it because just the thought makes me
feel sick. Plus I’m catching whiffs here and there so I’d rather just
smell it and let it be than describe it and allow my brain to wonder
what it is.

I tried to ignore it, but as I started messing with the door even more,
the stench got so bad I had to run to the trash and throw up.

Mind you.

I’m a six foot, four. Two hundred and fifty pound twenty six year old
truck and trailer welder with alcoholism, trust issues and a list of
tinder girls on speed dial. I’ve smelt some stank in my life. But that
smell was so bad.

I don’t think I can accurately describe it.

I thought maybe I could push through, but the more I pried at the edges,
the worse it got. My stomach couldn’t handle it.

Once I got myself together, I tried again, but when I gave the door a
shove, the gap pushed out a breeze so vile I felt my entire body heating
up yet I was frozen by the putrid odor that hit my nostrils. I could
taste the bile in the back of my throat…

But the door…it barely budged. That’s when I realized—it wasn’t just
stuck. It was blocked.

It was fucking blocked.

From the inside.

And recently.

Like TODAY recently.

I shined my flashlight through a crack, and that’s when I saw it.
There’s a shiny new chain on the inside, keeping the door closed. And
it’s locked by a padlock.

From the inside.

Why would someone lock an interior door from the inside? What could they
be trying to keep out—or worse, keep in?

And why can’t I shake the feeling that this is somehow connected to
Shane, the candy store, or maybe even both? The way everything’s lining
up, it feels like there’s a dark history tied to this place. It’s as if
all these strange occurrences are converging around me. What if this is
a hidden story I wasn’t meant to find?

Plus to make things even more odd. After I closed up the door, took a
shower, drank my dinner and got comfortable, more like as comfortable as
I could I got a knock on my door.

It was my ex girlfriend Evelyn. She used to live here with me until
about two months ago. We fought about a lot of stuff and it ended pretty
bad after a night of me drinking.

I really just didn’t want to have to deal with both of these dilemmas
today but you know make a plan and God laughs.

I opened the door.

Evelyn’s black hair was gathered in a messy bun. She was wearing my old
Led Zeppelin t-shirt—one of those old, worn ones that clung to her like
a bittersweet reminder of the past. The shirt, must’ve been a fuck you
to me I guess, and it was paired with black leggings. Which is pretty
typical for her I guess. Her black and white Converse hung on her feet
screaming “it’s not a phase mom!”

Jesus.

I never understood why she liked those things. No arch support at all. I
like my Carolinas.

She had forgone makeup, and in her natural state, she radiated a kind of
beauty that couldn’t be replicated anywhere. In that moment, standing in
the doorway, she looked so beautiful that I nearly forgot we weren’t
together anymore. But the look she gave me was anything but warm—her
eyes were cold, and it was clear she wasn’t in the mood for my shit.

The conversation that followed was something of a blur, a bit of a
testament to my self-deprecating nature and the haze of alcohol that had
become my constant companion as of late.

I remember bits and pieces because I’ve had a few drinks: her
exasperation with my attempts at humor, my own defensiveness. It was
colored by my own lingering resentment and her obvious frustration.

It didn’t go well is what I mean.

Here’s a rough attempt to replicate it I guess:

Me: Step right up. 🎶

Evelyn : Please stop

Me: Come on in! 🎵

Evelyn: Jay, I’m here for my shit. I don’t have time.

Me: IF YOU’D LIKE TO TAKE THE GRAND TOUR! 🎵

Evelyn: Dude, nobody listens to George Jones anymore stop being your
dad.

She walked into the living room with a brisk, purposeful stride, barely
giving me a second glance. Her movements were quick and impatient,
almost like she was trying to put as much distance between us as
possible without actually leaving. She crossed the room, her eyes
scanning the cluttered space as if trying to absorb its details in one
swift glance. Her pace was almost frantic, as if the act of moving
around the room was a way to distract herself from the mounting tension
between us. She turned sharply, her back briefly facing me, before
pivoting on her heel as if she was starting another restless circuit of
the room. The way she moved was a clear sign that she was not interested
in lingering or making small talk.

Me: My dad’s cool so fuck you. Anyway hurry up I got work in the morning
and don’t have time for this.

I said over my shoulder, barely glancing back as I closed the door
behind her. I made sure to press it firmly against the frame, trying to
seal in what little cool air I had left from the air conditioner.

Evelyn: Oh yeah I forgot! You don’t give a single fuck about anything
but work, beer, and tugging on your man bits. Where’s my box?

Evelyn tossed her head back in exasperation, her hands gesturing
impatiently as she scanned the cluttered room. She shifted from foot to
foot, clearly irritated and eager to move on.

Me: You don’t remember getting mad at me because I couldn’t find it?

Evelyn: JAY!

I leaned against the doorframe and laughed.

Me: OH! That box! Down the hall in our room next to 🎵 your rings and
all your things🎵

Evelyn: PLEASE SHUT UP!! I thought you didn’t have time.

She pushed past me with an impatient shove, her movement sharp and
deliberate. Her frustration was evident as she brushed against my
shoulder, not bothering to avoid me. She swept out of the living room
with a brisk, almost angry energy, her footsteps echoing with each step
as she moved swiftly toward the room we used to share. The air was thick
with tension as she glanced back at me with a mixture of annoyance and
disbelief. I started walking towards the kitchen still facing her.

Me: You never had a problem with me not having enough time when you were
spending all my money on your Sephora bags and fucking Amazon carts, and
let’s not forget the pandemic! We barely had any food or ass paper in
this place but god forbid if your makeup drawer wasn’t full.

I shouted down the hall as she walked straight in to our room.

My room sorry.

As Evelyn entered the bedroom, she finally noticed the smell. Her nose
wrinkled in reaction to the pungent odor that seemed to permeate the
apartment. She paused, looking around with a mix of confusion and
disgust. It made her stop mid-step, and she quickly turned her head,
trying to figure out where it was coming from. Her face showed clear
discomfort as she stepped further into the room, her eyes darting around
as if searching for the source of the stench.

Evelyn: Jesus Jay what’s with all the fucking beer cans? And GOD what’s
that damn smell?

I had forgot.

It was still here.

Me: You smell it?

My face went flush and I could feel myself tense up.

Evelyn: Who wouldn’t?

Me: You remember all those days you’d be cold in the summer when you
were cleaning the kitchen?

Evelyn: Oh yeah while you sat on your ass because you were SO tired?
Sure do!

She picked up her Home Depot box full of her things and started walking
toward me.

Me: There’s a hidden door under the sink in the kitchen.

Evelyn: No shit?

Me: No shit.

Evelyn: What’s it lead to?

Me: Could be a service Tunnel. That’s what some folks are saying. Then
again it could be something fucked up but honestly I’m just pissing in
the wind at this point.

Evelyn: Ugh god. What if it’s Shane?

Me: I don’t know, it could be, but I kinda don’t want to know too.

Evelyn: That guy is fucking creepy as shit. He always stares whenever I
see him, he used to freak me out whenever you’d be at work and he’d have
to come by I’d just go hide in our room. Dead ass he undresses me with
his eyes.

Me: Can’t blame him.

Evelyn: Fuck you.

She smiled at me, a brief flicker of warmth in her expression, but it
quickly faded into a neutral, almost cold stare. Her eyes, once soft,
were now fixed and unyielding. The smile vanished as if it had never
been there, replaced by a look of serious contemplation. The room seemed
to pause in that moment, the air heavy with unspoken words and
unresolved tension. The silence that followed was almost oppressive,
stretching between us like a tangible barrier. Ringing in my ears. Then,
breaking the quiet, she said

Evelyn: So the smell? It’s coming from the door?

Me: Yeah.

Evelyn: Jay you need to move that’s fucking weird. It smells like
something died. Have you called Shane about it? Or like the cops?

Evelyn’s body language was fraught with worry. She stood with her arms
loosely at her sides, her fingers fidgeting with the edge of her sleeve.
Her eyes were wide, darting around the room as if trying to piece
together the unsettling clues. She took a step back, her body
instinctively distancing itself from the source of the smell. Her mouth
was slightly agape, a subtle sign of her anxiety, and her brows were
knit together in a troubled frown. She shifted her weight from foot to
foot, clearly uneasy and searching for reassurance or an explanation.

Me: Fuck no! I’m not calling Lurch! And I’m definitely not calling the
cops. I want to know what’s behind it.

Evelyn: Why?

Me: I don’t know might be cool. What if it’s like another room?

I tried hard to mask my fear, forcing a nonchalant expression as I
leaned against the counter across from the sink. I wanted to project
confidence, to downplay the unease that was gnawing at me. But inside, I
was a bundle of nerves. Every time I glanced at the door, the stark
reality of what could be behind it hit me like a wave. I couldn’t deny
the dread creeping up my spine. My hands trembled slightly as I tried to
steady them, and I could feel my pulse quicken despite my efforts to
stay calm. The knot in my stomach grew tighter, and no matter how much I
tried to shake it off, the anxiety was undeniable.

Evelyn: Nope. I’ve seen that movie I’m good. Anyway. I’m leaving, have
fun with your little hole in the wall. And your beer cans, and just uhhh
being a piece of shit in general. Mkay?

Me: Wouldn’t you want to know too? If you lived here?

Evelyn: That’s the thing. I don’t.

Her words landed like a punch to the gut. I didn’t show it at the time,
didn’t give her the satisfaction, but as soon as she walked out the
door, it was like all the air had been sucked out of the room. It hit me
hard, the finality of it, the fact that she was really gone—not just
from the apartment, but from my life. Now I’m just sitting here,
surrounded by empty beer cans and silence, trying to make sense of
everything. The TV’s on, but I’m not paying attention. I keep running
the conversation over in my head, dissecting every word, every look she
gave me. It’s stupid, but I’m just sitting here, waiting for the next
thing to break.

I’ve been drinking since about 1, and now it’s creeping up on 10 o’clock
. The hours slipped by without me noticing, one beer turning into two,
two into Lord knows how many. It’s Sunday night, of all nights. The
official start of the work week, and here I am, drowning in cheap beer,
bad decisions, and old country music. Tomorrow’s gonna hit like a
freight train, and I know I should stop, but the silence is too damn
loud, and my thoughts are even louder. The buzz numbs it, at least for a
while. But even that’s starting to wear off.

I don’t know what I’ll do, honestly. Feels like I’m caught in the middle
of something I don’t understand, something way bigger than me. Part of
me wants to just pack up my shit and leave, forget this ever happened.
Pretend I never saw that door, never felt that gut-wrenching smell,
never heard the scrape of metal through the walls. But the other part of
me, the part that’s sitting here staring at another half-empty beer can,
is too damn curious. It’s like an itch I can’t scratch, this need to
know what’s behind that door. Even if it’s something I can’t unsee.

Plus, I guess I’m still in shock from Evelyn leaving me. Have been for
awhile. She walked out like she always does, any time things got hard.
Off to her mom’s. Atleast this time she left another box behind. It’s
almost funny how she can never seem to grab all her stuff at once—like
she’s leaving breadcrumbs to come back for. She did the same thing when
we started dating.

Maybe she’ll actually come back for it, maybe not. It’s just kind of her
thing, always forgetting something. I wish things could’ve been
different, though. Better for her. Hell, better for both of us. But I
guess wishing doesn’t change much when I couldn’t fix it in the first
place. I do miss her being here. She kind of made it home for me. She
made the noises quieter, the smells were blanketed just by her presence.
Now it’s just an empty, creepy fucking apartment.

I think I’ll get a grinder from the shop and bring it here, it’ll make
short work of that chain.

Yeah that’s what I’ll do. I’ll grab the grinder from the shop tomorrow
morning and haul it up here. That chain’s not going to be a
problem—shouldn’t take more than a minute to cut through. I’ve done
worse in half the time.

Just thinking about the sparks flying and the metal giving way makes it
feel like something I can finally handle. At least it’ll give me
something to do, a reason to focus. Besides, I can’t leave it locked
like that forever.

Today sucked.

I’ll post again tomorrow once I’ve had a chance to process everything
and hopefully make some headway on this mess. Thanks for sticking with
me through all this. I appreciate the support and patience.
