There’s a section of forest I’ve liked walking along every evening for
the last five months, just before the sun goes down. It leads up a hill
from the back of my house, and at the end there is a ridge I sit at
until the sun fully sets. Then I wait another half hour for the clouds
to finish their usual colour shows before heading back down and home.

Every night. Routine as the sun setting, you’ll find me walking to the
ridge and home again.

Not anymore. Not after last night.

The track is about a mile long, nothing extreme but it’s uphill so it
gives it a little longer feel when you’re heading for the ridge. The
walk back is easy enough, mostly thumping down at awkward angles. I have
a high powered flashlight which is ridiculously bright, so I see all the
bumps coming.

Last night, I was about a half mile up the track when I noticed a
suitcase. Like, one of those large ones that you’d expect a dead body to
be inside. I remember joking to myself and saying something like yep,
there’s defo a dead body in there. Because obviously there wasn’t. It
was on its side and open on both faces. If there had been once, there
wasn’t anymore.

A little further along the track I noticed a jacket folded over and hung
over a branch. I was half tempted to take it with me because it looked
my size and in pretty good condition. A few spins in the washing machine
and it wouldn’t even remember who owned it last. I got the feeling that
whoever left it there had left it for a reason because it was hung too
neatly. So I left it. Just in case they came back for it.

I carried on, and a few minutes later that’s when I saw the hoody and
the t-shirt.

Those gave me bad feelings in my gut. Not the same kind of feeling that
seeing a woman’s clothes would have evoked—that brought with it a whole
extra scope of possibility. While that possibility remained the same, I
didn’t find it half as likely to be the case. I just ignored them and
carried on. The fact that they were dropped in the dirt made me uneasy
though. Then I remembered the suitcase, and everything seemed to click.
It was just some kids messing about. Dragging shit out and throwing it
around.

Fair enough.

I was getting fairly close to the end of the track, maybe a quarter of a
mile left, and the sun was setting fast. I could see what remained of it
lingering over the edge of the hill. It was about that time that I saw
the shoes and the socks hung neatly over the barbed wire fence bordering
the field. They were caught by the laces, dangling upright, socks tucked
neatly inside.

The rest of the clothes came as expected, at about equal intervals as
the rest.

The underwear turned my stomach a little. They were brown and hella
damp. Like someone had pissed them and thrown them off. I could smell it
even just standing over them.

I knew I should have turned around then. The likelihood of the clothes
being from the suitcase was getting less and less likely. Nobody packed
shitty drawers for a holiday. And why were they out this way? There were
no main roads, no bus routes close to the track. It was getting weird. I
should have turned around and gone home. But I’m a sucker for routine.
I’d been up at that spot every night and didn’t want to have to give it
up for some kids tossing clothes, or a weirdo stripping to his bare
hairs. I mean, one night I’d fallen and broken a finger on a boulder and
still stayed to see the sun setting. You think I was going to let some
shitty drawers get the better of me?

I wish it had.

The idea of some naked dude sitting at my spot scared the crap out of
me, but curiosity had sunken its teeth in by then. I wanted to know what
the hell was going on. Part of me was still wondering if it was really a
woman’s clothing—something I should report instead of running away from.
God knows if it was my daughter or mother I’d have killed the man who
walked away instead of making sure they were okay.

I made it to the top of the hill and stared down at the ridge for a good
while before I went down, scoping it out. I didn’t see anyone, and the
sun was rapidly setting, so I got to my usual spot on the usual rock and
settled in for a good one. The sky was a deep orange. My favourite
colour.

There were plenty of clouds in the sky when I sat down; the light lit
them up amazingly. No matter how many times I went there, no two sunsets
were ever the same. I took some pictures, watched it dip beyond the
hills on the horizon and waited out the rest of the colours to fade and
reduce to the nightly cloudage.

It got cold real fast. It always did. I started wishing I’d brought a
jacket with me, and then laughed when I remembered the jacket I’d
spotted earlier. I should have grabbed it, diseases or not.

I got up to go while the purples were still fading from the sky. That’s
when I noticed them. Someone, just slumped over in a heap a little ways
down the ridge. They were completely naked.

I shouted over, asking if they were okay. I should have left them alone.
If you see someone lying down naked outside it’s never going to be
anything good. But my mind swung to the worse of the possibilities, that
the naked person hadn’t made themselves that way by choice. I should
have phoned an ambulance, worried about if it was someone out of their
mind on junk later once I had other people around.

When they didn’t respond I got closer, and shouted again.

Something moved in the woods. An animal, maybe, but my heart shot up
into my throat. The worst thing we get around here are deer. Maybe a
badger. It didn’t feel that safe at the time. The body felt more of a
warning now, less than a danger.

Again I called out. I was close enough now to see that it wasn’t a
person at all. It was just more clothes set out in a pile. It was the
weirdest thing though. They looked the exact colour as someone’s skin.

I stuck out a foot and kicked them over. They didn’t separate, just
parted where the crease had been and straightened out.

It was skin.

A whole pile of human fucking skin.

I physically jumped away from it, nearly sending myself off the edge of
the ridge and down onto the rocky tumble. I thought back on the suitcase
and how I’d joked about it being a dead body, and stared at the muss of
hair where it must have been a scalp at one point. The horrible part was
it was all in one piece. Like someone had simply slipped it off, like a
snake, or a full-body leotard.

That was about as much as I could take. I’d been stupid enough walking
on after bit of clothing I’d found, but I wasn’t going to make the same
mistake again. I took out my phone to call emergency services but ended
up sprinting full speed back down the track when I heard more movement
in the woods.

Each bit of clothes I passed gave me a terrible sinking feeling of dread
in my guts, like I was seeing the skin all over again. I made it to the
halfway point when I came across the suitcase.

This time it was in the middle of the path. Sealed. And standing
upright.

I didn’t move. I was too stunned. I shone my flash on it and tried to
think of every reason it could be like that, but all the rational
thoughts were gone. I just froze. And watched the zipper opening, kink
by kink.

Two bare and bloodied fingertips pried the zipper along its track, until
there was a gap wide enough for an eye to peek out of.

“Please,” I heard it say. “Please help me.”

Nah. I leapt over the fence and into the field of barley. Ran and didn’t
stop until I saw the rooftop of my house and the chimney I never lit. I
turned back and saw something chasing me. It ran on two legs and for the
most part looked human. Just without any skin. Red raw and bloodied.
Muscles gnashing at bone. Arms raised and manic. Shrieking like car
tires stopping themselves from a crash.

I made it back home and locked both doors, closed every curtain, and
spent the night watching out of the upstairs window. Whatever it was sat
in the field with the barley up under its chin, watching me. I couldn’t
make out a single feature on its face, but I knew it could see me. I
couldn’t look away. I was scared that as soon as I did it would charge
at the house and in through the window and grab me.

We stayed like that all night.

It ducked beneath the barley as soon as the sun came up. I haven’t seen
it all day.

The suitcase was on my doorstep when I went out to check the garden just
after noon. I set fire to it in the back and put the ashes in the bin.

I’ve checked into a hotel in the city. I don’t want to sleep in that
house again. There was a shirt left in the room, but that’s normal
right?

The sun’s due to set in an hour.

I keep thinking about the skin. Why did it take it off?

None of this makes any sense.

I just want to sleep.

But I’m scared.

I’m so fucking scared.
