Part 1 / Part 2 / Part 3 / Part 4 / Part 5

I make my way into Oregon and then Washington, the rain begins, and I’m
ensconced in misery. The world around me becomes less manufactured, and
the wildness creeps in on the edges of my sanity. You have to be a
little mad in order to chase down a curse, and the comic on my back seat
had begun to shape its madness in ways I hadn’t comprehended. 

 

There was something about the comic that rewrote the rules of
reality—made reality crack around the edges, and made it possible for
horrors to slip into those cracks. The further I drove, the more tenuous
my reality became, and the more pronounced the comic’s did. But I was
driving towards the answers, that was certain, even though I wasn’t sure
what questions I had. The story in the comic had been a horror
metafiction—a dream on top of a dream on top of a dream.  The horror
dream logic seemed to have bled into this reality, and I began to have
to think about the rules of horror. 

 

Creatures ran through the streets, trees, and undergrowth wherever I
stopped. They were in every shadow behind every tree, staring out of me
with eyes that had no lids, inhumanly long limbs, a transparent flesh
that showcased their fictional organs. 

 

Birds no longer flew, but sat in the trees. The crow’s features were
more human than corvid, their cold black eyes, following me. I imagined
them swooping down to gnash at me with their teeth. 

 

I had driven through the night, and every hour I drove, I expected the
sun to rise, but it hadn’t. The clock in the car had sped up, and had
cycled through a week’s worth of time. The sun never rose, and the rain
never let up; it was torrential now, spilling off the windshield in a
waterfall. 

 

And the grey. Everything around me kept getting more and more grey,
until my hands and clothes seemed like the only thing that still
saturated with colour. The world around me—from the trees outside, to
the road I drove on, were shades of grey, white and black. My hands were
still the colour of my skin—auburn. My jacket was a grey denim, but
there the blue threads running in the stitching were still visible. My
pants were still worn blue jeans, and my shoes, black Asics. 

 

Every gas station I stopped at was manned by the same person. They had
thick grey hair, pale white skin, and sunken black eyes that followed me
wherever I walked. Their eyes reminded me of the crow’s eyes. They
frightened me, but kept to themselves. I wondered how many of these
people they were, or if it was just one idea that kept being recycled
from one spot to the next. 

 

The curse had finally grabbed ahold of me and dragged me into it. I had
no idea what would come next. I needed to make it to Anacortes and then
take a ferry to an island that had been marked on the map from the
buyer’s vault.

 

In one of the gas stations, I examined a map that was in one of the
racks. The island that was circled on my personal map wasn’t there. 

 

I couldn’t go back. Not now. That never worked in horror. I would find
myself on a never-ending road until I starved to death, or grew old. Or
I would tire of driving and walk into the bushes to be consumed by
creatures that lived in the shadows. If I stopped and got out of the car
for any reason, the creatures in the bushes, the men who ran like dogs,
or the shadow animals with racks of antlers that defied gravity and
stretched twenty feet into the air. 

 

Moving forwards was the only plan, moving through this grey world filled
with terrors. Driving melted one hour into the next into the next. The
lines in the middle of the road flashed by like strobe lights in an
Italian disco—and my brain became feverish, overfilled, overheated by
thinking about what, where, and why. It didn’t matter anyways. The curse
was unfolding, and I was its victim. 

 

The road passed in a grey blur. The tires of my care kept spinning. The
radio, if I turned it on, spit static—but the type that sounded like
someone is whispering in the background. There was a part of me, behind
the anxiety crawling through my guts, that was thrilled. If I maintained
my composure and didn’t do anything dumb, I could survive. The one idea
that scared me was that I was in a horror as mean as something I
wrote—and that I would have to pay for what I had done. The horror would
take its pound of flesh. It always did. 

 

The road maintained its flat qualities, but I was passing towns and
cities. They weren’t empty like I imagined. Empty grey people without
facial features inhabited them, and they stopped to watch me as I
passed.  

 

After unknown hours of driving, a man appeared on the side of the road,
standing in the torrential rain, arm outstretched, thumbing a ride. His
head was down; black hair covered his face, but what I saw of his hand
was flesh coloured. It wasn’t the pale white skin the automatons, or the
creatures stalking the forest. It was darker, tanned flesh—human. I
wanted to stop, but my foot pushed harder into the gas pedal, speeding
past whatever nightmare that person was bound to be.  

 

I drove for five minutes, and I noticed him again, same dark hair
hanging over his face. Same hunched shoulders. Thumb out. Waiting for a
ride. Once again, I pressed on the gas and continue. But then he’s
appeared again. And again. He arrived so often, I began to imagine an
infinite number of him standing along the roadway, stretching endlessly
into the distance. To escape this encounter, I would have to keep
driving until my hair turned grey and wrinkles lined my face. 

 

There wasn’t any option than the stop and pick him up. 

 

When I stopped, his thumb goes down, and he steps towards the door. When
he opens it, the car smells of wet cement and an unwashed body. The
clothes on the man look as though he’s been wearing them forever. There
are holes in the knees of the pants. Holes in the shoes on his feet.
Holes eaten through his cotton t-shirt. He pushed the hair out of his
face, and I’m surprised he has eyes, real human eyes, and that they look
sane. Sane enough. Saner than mine, most likely. His eyes are brown. The
lines on his face are deep. His hair seems dyed black, and is halfway
down his back. His nose is a beak on his face, longer than most, with a
bump halfway up it. His huge hands are lined with veins, loose skin, and
liver spots. I can’t quite tell his age. He could be any age over forty.
In some ways, he kind of reminds me of Alice Cooper, but without the
makeup. 

 

“Fuck,” he says, “I thought you would never stop.” He says it
nonchalantly, as though it were an everyday occurrence to hitchhike in
numerous bodies across a never-ending trichrome landscape that resembles
Washington state. He laughs, and it’s a smokers laugh; I can hear the
alveoli pop and snap as he inhales and exhales. The first thing he does
is take out a pack of Reds and pops one between his lips. He lights it
without asking, and then says, “Don’t worry about the smoke.” 

 

“I don’t like the smoke,” I say, but it doesn’t do anything. This man is
used to getting exactly what he wants. 

 

He continues to smoke. I roll down the passenger window, inviting in the
rain. 

 

“What the—close the goddamn window. Fucking cold after standing in that
rain.” He tosses the cigarette out the window with a flick and folds his
arms. “It may seem like I don’t mind the rain because of how we met, but
I’m not a fan, and it always rains here.” 

 

Here. What the fuck does that mean? I repeat the thought out loud, and
he laughs and coughs smoke at the same time. 

 

“All in due time. Keep driving. We’ll be there soon. I know a
shortcut.” 
