I’m lucky to get some time to even type this out and post it here

Between the questioning I’ve gotten from management, the cops and ​the
Department of Health over the past 24 hours, I wasn’t sure I would ever
get some downtime to pick up my phone without being stared at like a
Russian spy.

I’ll spare you the mundane details of my life, I’m new to Reddit and
with the greatest of respect this isn’t the place I’d like my personal
information to be, especially associated with something this bizarre.

The most important information first is that I work as a janitor for a
beach front motel in Florida.

Where exactly in Florida isn’t important, the less specific I get, the
better, but it’s some distance away from the usual Miami cluster.

My workplace is close enough to the action and nightlife but far away to
give off the impression of some homegrown, Floridian hospitality.

Most of our clientele are frat bros on Spring break with the occasional
cheating husband or wife on a weekend.

Not exactly the refined, classy crowd you’d find at the Sheraton or
Hilton, but it pays my salary.

I’ve been here for the past 11 years’ and as you’d expect I’ve seen my
fair share of disgusting shit.

Everything from ​​bodily discharge that have been on sheets so long it
resembles crusty, dried up cake batter, to explosive vomit a peculiar
shade of green and even one guest who decided walking all the way to the
toilet was too much of a hassle and decided to think outside of the box
by taking a hefty, peanut butter-thick ​shit in the kitchen sink.

I apologise for getting into the lurid details, but I only did so to
make the point that I’m not new to disgusting sights.

But what I encountered a day ago wasn’t just disgusting, it was
downright unsettling. The kind of unease you feel when you walk into a
room and know you’re not welcome from the cold looks and frowny faces
from everyone else there.

Or the sensation of a warm breeze behind your neck that makes your hair
stand on edge.​

Just after ​4 pm yesterday I was finishing up the rounds and returning
the equipment to the storage closet when I saw one of the latest guests
walking past the lobby.

I usually don’t pay much mind to the guests… After all why should I?

I get paid to clean up after them, not sketch them as caricatures.

Anyway, the latest guest stood out to me for several reasons, the first
of which being her age… ​​​at first glance she may have been in her 70s,
maybe even older because of how she was hunched over.

Remember the earlier clientele I told you our fabulous resort usually
caters to? Yea… So seeing a septuagenarian hobbling down the corridor
isn’t a usual Saturday for us.

The second thing that stood out to me was her facial features, her eyes
for some reason looked as if they were too far apart.

While the third… And this part is hard to describe seeing as how I’m not
a doctor or anything but… This lady looked pregnant.

Yea I guess I should have started with that part. It’s just I can’t be
sure if the swell in her stomach was a baby bump or some bizarre medical
condition.

I mean I’ve read of people suffering with bloated stomachs from liver
failure, but how the hell would I know from a 20 second glance? I clean
cum from sheets for Christ’s sakes.

I walked past her doing my best to look but not stare as she fiddled
with the door to room B1 and disappeared inside.

The sight was too unusual to leave it ​​alone, so after I secured my mop
and bucket, I went to talk with Linda, the clerk at the front desk to
try and find out more

Of all the employees here, she’s the most tolerable, but what she told
me only raised more questions than answers.

She said the lady paid cash and signed her name on the register, but
I’ve read it from multiple angles and both Linda and I agreed that it
wasn’t anything legible that we could identify.

“She said she was staying the night and would check out tomorrow…
Something about this place being her own manger…” Linda said

“A manger… Like for Christ’s birth?”

But Linda just shrugged, already bored of the conversation returning to
her cellphone festuring the latest goofy TikTok trend sweeping the
nation.

By the following morning I almost forgot about the weirdness when I
returned to work.

Neil, an ageing hipster douchebag, stood in Linda’s place at the front
desk, reminding me to begin my rounds with room B1.

My curiousity returned when I thought of the unusual guest and wanted to
ask Neil if he noticed anything off about her, ​but I decided against it,
as he and I weren’t exactly the best of pals.

I fetched my bucket and mop and walked over to the room, all the while I
felt this heavy, unease over me, sort of like the feeling you get when
you leave home without turning off a tap, or worse yet the brief
sensation of falling you feel ​when you miscalculate a step and have your
foot slide off a stair.

Access card out, mop and tolley rolling in, I flipped the switch and the
first thing I noticed was the smell.

A raw, fleshy smell that can best be described as meat that had gone
bad, the room was thick with it…

As my eyes adjusted to the light I saw it, bright pink blobs of flesh on
the white tiles, with small bits of blue thread that now in retrospect
may or may not have been blood vessels.

They lead to the bed just opposite the doorway and there it was.

No less than six feet tall, eyes open wide staring at me like it had
always been there, mouth wide in a grin with a full set of adult human
teeth.

A fetus.

A man-sized fetus complete with enlargened head, poorly developed limbs
and even the stub of what I assume was an umbilical cord the size of a
beer bottle.

For a fraction of a second I felt like my eyes were playing tricks on me
and that the combination of my unease from the old woman, cheap hash
from last night and indigestion were causing me ​hallucinate, then the
fucking thing began crying.

A whiny, high-pitched screech that felt like I heard it in my soul and
not just my ears.

While the slimy, red mass of flesh squealed like a stuck hog it began
rising up, slipping off of the soaking wet bed sheets, I saw it stumble
and find it’s footing.

I feel like throwing up just typing what I saw… The fucking thing lunged
at me as I screamed pushing forward my mop trolley forward, bleach and
Lysol clattering.

My legs fumbling as I turned to run hearing wet slapping sounds of bare
feet behind me, someone behind me yells “What the fuck is that!?” but I
didn’t have time to turn around.

I eventually get to the front desk, locking the door to the corridor
behind me.

Neil looks up ready to be an asshole, but notices the fetus on the
security camera feed from the corridor and immediately calls the cops,
but not before the abomination toddles back into room B1.

The cops arrive a few minutes later and searches the room finding
nothing but a broken window that leads to the back of the property and
wet footprints that dried up not far away from the room.

The only signs of anything unusual were the fleshy bits of filth on the
floor of the room and my overturned cleaning trolley.

The cops admit the sight and scent of the putrid bits on the floor are
unusual but seem unwilling to commit to what it is until their forensic
team shows up to run whatever tests.

In the meantime I gave my statement on what I saw and so did Neil.

The Motel’s owner (let’s call him Mr Pig for my protection), was also
called in to be interviewed by investigators.

After some heaving and ho-ing with the investigators over allowing them
access to the CCTV footage Mr Pig relents and gives them the footage.

Fortunately for me the video proves I’m not insane.

Unfortunately the video proves I’m not insane.

The detectives are expressionless, but I can tell they are beyond
unsettled.

Mr Pig’s mouth hangs open struggling to make sense of what he’s seeing
on the tape.

Neil doesn’t even bother to look at the screen. Once was clearly enough.

Not long after the cops call in the Health Department who declares the
motel a biohazard… Something about unidentified biological matter.

Of course Mr Pig isn’t happy about the closure if even on a temporary
basis, but it’s not up to him.

While leaving I overheard one of the officials use the word ‘placenta’
while examining the flesh…

So that’s where I am as of now. I’d be lying if I said the fetus was
peering at me from around the corner as I type this… To be honest I
don’t know where the hell it went or what it was.

I’m just glad It’s not around me.

I’m leaving the motel now, so are the few guests who have been ordered
out by the hazmat suit boys.

The guests aren’t happy about the arrangement, some are complaining
about refunds, others are complaining about having to leave their stuff
behind. One of them is complaining about hearing a baby crying in the
laundry room behind the compound.
