I started working at the Lysander Museum of Peculiarities about a week
ago, and I’m thoroughly convinced of two things: magic is real, and my
boss is some kind of immortal wizard. He’s also a huge asshole, but let
me back up and explain it from the beginning.

I am in what most would call a ‘low point.’ My marriage dissolved very
quickly after my OTH from the Army and this left me with a lot of free
time and no place to stay. I caught a bus out to the midwest and crashed
with some buddies from the service for a few weeks before making my way
back east. I’m not sure why, but I decided on upstate New York. It just
seemed like a good place to go, mostly because it wasn’t home. When I
got to Buffalo I picked up odd jobs on craigslist for a while and slept
at the YMCA. This lasted three weeks, and then I was able to afford a
room in a house on the south side of town. I was chilling in said room,
scrolling my phone for gigs on craigslist, when I came across a posting
for a job.

Maintenance position available, $30/hr - contact info below

I mulled it over for a few minutes and then called the number. I had a
good amount of experience with machines, and I considered myself handy
enough. I bounded up to sit on the center of the air mattress when a
breathy squeak of a voice came from the other line.

“Lysander Museum, how may I help you?” The lady said. It didn’t seem
very automatic, like she didn’t answer the phone much.

“Yeah, uhh. I’m calling about the job?”

“The job? Oh, oh! Right! The maintenance worker. Yes.” She took a beat
to think, humming as she did so. I heard papers shuffling on the line.
“Do you think you can come in tomorrow for an interview?”

“Interview? I haven’t even applied.” I shot back, but I decided not to
look a gift horse in the mouth. “Yeah, sure. Where at?”

She gave me directions, a twenty minute walk from where I was staying,
and I ended the call with an appointment time of nine AM. I spent the
rest of the day getting my ass whipped in Call of Duty and smoking some
weed I bought off a guy I was doing some day labor for.

The next day I changed into my best (read: only) polo and my least
ragged pair of jeans and headed out of the door. The walk was nice. It
was a cool, crisp autumn morning in Buffalo. I turned down what to me
looked like a private drive, but when I looked to the end of the drive I
could see a large brick building looming there. The building looked old
and weathered, though clean, like a kept relic in and of itself. By
counting the windows I assumed it was three or four floors, it probably
had a courtyard in the middle. Old architects loved their courtyards.

I walked on up to the double doors at the front of the building, reading
the placard on the door.

The Lysander Museum of Peculiarities

Open Mon-Fri:  9 AM - 6 PM
Closed Christmas Eve and Day

I pushed the door open and that stuffy, warm scent of antiques hit my
senses immediately. I walked onto the tile floor, looking around the
main room. It looked more like a waiting room, with Chesterfield sofas
and claw-foot tables adorned with silver trays set with donuts, cakes,
and pastries of all types. There was an equally fancy coffee carafe, and
one small tray simply had a pyramid of cigarettes and boxes of matches.
Suddenly unsure if I had stepped back in time to when people could
expect such freebies regularly, I turned to the right of the room where
a desk was placed before a door. The woman behind the desk gave me a
small smile, polite and genuinely friendly. 

“You must be Mister Pugh,” she said with the squeaky voice from the
phone yesterday as she gathered a clipboard and made her way from behind
the desk. She was short and mousy, with large eyes and a freckled face.
She had frizzy brown hair pulled back into a tight ponytail and wore a
semi formal if not business appropriate blouse and skirt. “I’m Margaret
Claire, just call me Maggie.” She stuck out her hand, which I shook on
reflex. “Nice to meet you, ma’am. Just Zach is fine.” I gave her my best
polite smile as I pulled my hand away. She handed me the clipboard. “For
you. Just fill out this paperwork and Mister Lysander will be with you
shortly.”

I sat down on one of the couches and nearly groaned. They were so
comfortable compared to my air mattress. That couch was by far the
softest thing I had sat on in weeks. I composed myself, crossing one leg
over my knee and placing the clipboard in my lap. I pulled off the
attached pen with a snap, looking at the application. To my surprise,
there were only three questions.

1.  You see a decapitated man walking towards you, what do you do?
2.  A voice under your bed promises you the secrets of the universe,
    what do you do?
3.  You’re a fireman in a house fire. The family of four is all clear,
    but you hear a third child crying in the fire. What do you do?

I read the questions twice, trying to make sense of them. Why would my
reaction to any of these matter? It looked like a joke to me. Maybe they
gave this sheet to applicants they didn’t plan to hire just to fuck with
them. I sighed, running a hand through my hair and tapping the end of
the pen on the paper. I figured I might as well answer them anyway.
Maybe it would help my interview in some way.

1.  I would run away quickly.
2.  I would not listen to it, there’s no such thing as a free lunch.
3.  If everyone’s accounted for I am out of there, sounds like a stress
    hallucination to me.

With the questions answered I stood to turn the clipboard over to
Maggie, that was when I saw the door behind the desk open. I peered in,
seeing the hallway just for a moment as a man came through the door,
shutting it quietly behind him. He was tall and gaunt, wearing a sharp
face set with a horrendous case of RBF and pale blonde hair that was so
precariously tussled in that ‘oh I wake up this way but really I spend a
lot of money on it’ vibe. The man eyed me immediately, adjusting one of
his silver cuff links as he spoke. “Mister Pugh?”

“Guilty,” I said, cracking a smile as I stood. I got a smile from Maggie
with it, but the tall man looked as if he hadn’t heard me. I cleared my
throat, walking to meet the man by the desk and holding out my hand.

“Mister Pugh, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” the man gave no attempt at a
smile, “My name is Adrien Lysander. You may call me Mister Lysander.”
Before I could really process what was happening he led me back through
the door and down a tight hallway, opening a door at the end of the hall
and ushering me into his office. “Have a seat, I’ll be with you in a
moment.” Lysander left, closing the door gently behind him and leaving
me in his office alone.

He had a spacious office. The windows behind him showed the outside,
bathing the room in the morning light. The furniture in his office was
every bit as luxurious and dated as the chesterfields in the lobby. I
sat in a comfortable leather chair on the other side of his massive oak
desk, his own executive style chair pointed toward the windows. Shelves
lined the walls around me, covered in equal parts dusty books and random
items. A thin metal bookend in the shape of a man, a stack of pewter
plates of different sizes, even a little marionette puppet that had
clearly seen better days. His desk was clean, with only a few files and
papers littered around a desktop calendar and a notebook. I craned my
head to the side to read a post-it note that was stuck sideways to one
of the papers.

Trace origin for A.Z

I righted my head just as the tall man walked back in, shutting the door
and sitting down to face me in his high-backed chair. “Mister Pugh,” he
cleared his throat, scooting up to the desk and pushing an obnoxiously
well-textured lock of blonde hair from his face. “I’ve taken the liberty
of expediting a background check on you. Your application answers are
sufficient. Should you choose to accept this position, I will explain
your job in detail. I cannot explain anything until you sign this,”
Lysander opened the bottom drawer of his desk, producing a stapled group
of papers. He lay the contract down in front of me. “Take all the time
you need to read over this, and I will answer any questions you have.
The short version of this I can sum up by saying we do very important
work here at the Lysander museum, and as a necessity we hold our
employees to a strict non-disclosure agreement about anything that
happens or pertains to the result of anything that has happened here
concerning the work done in the museum.” Lysander pulled a pen from his
vest pocket, handing it to me.

I flipped through the pages, eyes darting over the expert legalese.
Yeah, I wasn’t reading all this. My comprehension for contracts and
stuff wasn’t the best. Besides, I needed this job. I uncapped the pen
and signed under employee, dated it, and turned the paper and pen over
to Mister Lysander. “There. So, fill me in, chief.”

“Please, call me Mister Lysander.” Mister Lysander gave me what I
thought was his attempt at a smile. “We work with artifacts, knowledge,
and lived experiences of our clientele that cross the threshold between
the understandable and the unknowable. Many objects in this museum are
cursed, several severely. Your job will be to put out any metaphorical
and literal fires around the museum, as well as tend to our exhibits
that need daily care. There are four of them.” Lysander stood, motioning
for me to follow him. I got up from my chair, walking quickly to keep up
with Lysander’s long-legged gait. He took me out into the lobby and then
into the first exhibit, for which the sign read the Library of Marianne
Chausson. He led me through it and to a case that held what looked to be
a red and white light bulb on a pillow. 

“Once a day, you will need to prick your finger on the tooth of the bulb
and give it a scant amount of blood. It’s really no worse than a blood
glucose measurement.” Lysander motioned to the bulb. I could see from
here the red on the bulb was dried blood. Something about the lightbulb
had kept the blood from oxidizing right, or maybe it was the conditions
inside of the case. The bulb looked like an antique bulb, but on the top
sat a small hole, around the rim of which was a single, razor sharp
barb. Not wanting to cause a fuss on my first day, I just nodded. “Sure
thing, Mister Lysander.”

“Excellent. This is the worst of the four. Now I’ll take you to the
tarot.” Lysander went down the hall a bit, where a worn down cardboard
deck box sat on a stand in a case. In what looked to me like cheap
lipstick, the words ‘Remember Me!’ were written in a neat, feminine
script. A few of the cards lay outside the box for display, and looked
to me like any other tarot cards. “This is the jealous deck.” Lysander
said, clearing his throat, “You will need to learn how to read tarot
cards. I will do it today, but once per day you will need to do a
reading from the deck. If not, everyone working here will begin to
experience flu-like symptoms.” Lysander looked at me expectantly for
questions, but I shook my head. Whatever weird superstitions this place
had, I wouldn’t balk at them. I’m sure they all thought the tarot cards
really were cursed, and in an effort to fit in I would play along.
“What’s the next one?”

Lysander turned about quickly, leading me down a short hall into a room
with more colorful exhibits. It looked more presentable to children,
with educational displays and big placards with simple text. Inside I
saw a little man in a bear costume walking around, dusting the glass
cases. Lysander led me up to the man, and I began to question my sense
of reality. It wasn’t a man. It was a bear. Some kind of robot teddy
bear. Gears whirred along the joints as it finished cleaning the case,
then snapped to attention at the sight of Lysander. It’s unblinking onyx
eyes focused on him and then me. “Is this the new maintenance worker,
Mister Lysander?” a childlike voice with a posh British accent came from
the speaker holes in the teddy bear’s brass mouth. Lysander motioned to
me, then to the robotic bear. “Mister Pugh, this is Ollie. Ollie, this
is Mister Pugh. He will be the caretaker here from now on.” Lysander
looked at me, a small smirk on his face as if he’d been down this road
before. He knew the sight of Ollie would break my belief on what was
really going on here, and he was right.

“Nice to meet you, Ollie.” I held my hand out, but the bear just gave me
a small, slow wave of a hand.

“Ollie requires feeding thrice daily. Once when you get here, once after
your lunch break, and once before you leave,” Lysander moved a hand to
the bear, opening up a hinged door on Ollie’s stomach. Inside I saw the
stomach compartment was empty, lined with angles and numbers, the
configuration of which made me queasy and for some reason set my mind
into a panic. “Just place the meals into this compartment and shut the
hinge.” Lysander explained, but all I could do was manage a dumb
“uh-huh.” The concept of this bear - of Ollie - was genuinely breaking
my mind. Ollie could walk, make dexterous movements, speak when spoken
to, all of it. It was sentient, or if not sentient something cleverly
close to it. I stood up, my hands on my hips as I took a few calming
breaths.

“Mister Lysander, Mister Pugh is going to faint,” Ollie said, his tone
worried.

“I am not going to faint,” I said, leaning my head back and rubbing the
back of my neck. Lysander stood awkwardly stiff as I took a moment to
breathe, trying to take in the ramifications of Ollie, as well as the
sickening feeling the geometric patterns in its stomach cavity made me
feel. It was like magic, if magic was hard to look at and dropped you on
your stomach inside of a panic attack.

To my surprise, Lysander clapped a hand onto my shoulder, patting it a
couple times before letting go. “Don’t work yourself up, Mister Pugh.
Accept and release.”

“Accept and release,” I exhaled, finding relief and comfort within the
mantra. A lightbulb that did something bad if I didn’t bleed into it
every day, a tarot deck I had to use daily, and now a walking, talking
robo-bear that I had to feed three hot meals a day. I almost didn’t want
to, but I nodded to Lysander. “I’m ready for the fourth thing.”

“Oh, no, you’re not,” Lysander shook his head, “I’ll keep care of the
Soothsayer until I can trust you more. You’re on a form of starting
probation for the first couple days. I will be able to assess quickly if
you lack the skillset for the job.” He gave me a wave, as if the floor
was mine, and walked off, leaving me with Ollie.

“Don’t worry, Mister Pugh,” Ollie stepped closer to me, patting my hand
by my side with his disturbingly cool metal paw. “You’re going to do
just fine!”

The rest of my day was surprisingly smooth. I fed the bulb, played with
the cards, kept Ollie on his meal plan, and explored the museum a bit.
There were three exhibits open to the public - Marianne Chausson’s wing,
a collection of artifacts simply called the Lysander Collection, and the
Playroom, which was more geared towards children. There was a large part
of the building, nearly half of the floor space, that was locked away.
Signs on the doors said ‘No access to the public - by appointment only.’
I refused to even try the handles, God only knows what they would do to
me.

On my lunch break I made a brisk walk to the McD’s a couple blocks down
and grabbed four Mcdoubles. Two for me, two for Ollie. I had mine eaten
by the time I got back, fed Ollie the burgers, then made small talk with
Maggie. She informed me that she was a bit of a nepotism hire.

“My family has been close with Adrien Lysander for generations,” she
said in an odd way. She didn’t say Lysander’s family. She said
specifically Adrien Lysander, like the man had been around for
generations, employing her family. I decided to press it. “What, like,
just him? Not like his great grandfather and shit? How old is that guy?”
I leaned against her desk, looking down at her as she spoke.

“Lysander? Gosh, I don’t really know. At least three, four hundred
years? That’s when my family started working for him anyway, he could be
older than that.”

“You’re fucking with me,” I spit out before I could stop myself. Maggie
laughed a high pitched, contagious laugh, shaking her head. “Honest!
Look,” She pulled up her phone, clicking rapidly through neatly arranged
folders in her photo gallery until she came upon one of family pictures.
She flipped through them, and my mouth fell open wider and wider the
further back she went. Eighties, sixties, forties, twenties, back into
paintings, the clothing regressing in the paintings into the stuffy
colonial wear. All of them were of people I didn’t know, except one man
in the picture, one constant. The tall, blond, Adrien Lysander.

“Get the fuck out,” I whisper, a shudder running through me. Maggie
could see I was wrestling with what she was showing me and patted my
arm, “You get used to it. I was kinda born into this stuff, so I can
imagine looking at it from the outside is hard. There’s a lot of stuff
here that could help normal people, but I’d say there’s even more that
would hurt them immensely if this all was common knowledge.” I moved to
agree with her, but I heard the metal shuffling of Ollie walking up
towards us from behind me. Maggie gave Ollie a bright smile, I turned
around and nodded.

“Mister Pugh,” Ollie began, stepping closer to me, “Whenever you get the
chance, please get me some more of those odd little sandwiches. They
were delicious.”

“First time eating fast food?” I asked, frankly surprised. Ollie nodded,
and Maggie looked at me almost warily. “What did you feed him?”

“Mcdoubles?” I said, bracing for a lecture on why he needed some kind of
specific diet, but Maggie laughed and laughed hard. Apparently, Ollie
usually ate with Lysander, and he ate a very posh and refined diet.

That’s a good overview of my first day, I will come back with more if
anything interesting happens, including finding out what the fuck a
Soothsayer is.
