We got caught in traffic, and it was less than an hour until closing. We
hurried past the jellyfish, undulating under a UV light. Past a huge
tank with a blacktip reef shark, tail sweeping through the water. We
tried to hit all the best exhibits, but we still lost track of time.

When we went to exit, the doors were locked.

“Hello?” Derek called. “Can someone open the door for us, please?”

No reply. The concession stand, the ticketing booth, were all dark and
empty.

I peered out the window, at the falling dusk, the desolate parking lot.
Really desolate—I didn’t see a single car. “Maybe they all left.”

“Without noticing we were still here? No way.”

But as we walked down the hallway, past a display of lionfish flitting
through the water, it looked like I was right. The lights were dim, and
there wasn’t a single sound coming from everywhere. The ambient music
they piped over the speakers had been turned off.

We did a full circuit through the aquarium, past the mantaray touch tank
(closed and shuttered), past the glowing jellyfish, past the huge shark
tank. No one was there.

“Should we call the police?” I asked as we made our way back to the
entrance.

“I guess so. I still can’t believe they’d lock up without doing a sweep
of the whole place…”

I pulled out my phone. Only one bar. I dialed—a single ring sounded in
my ear, before cutting off midway.

“I don’t think I have reception,” I said.

Derek pulled out his phone. “Me neither.”

“There’s got to be someone still here. A janitor, or something. Come
on,” I said, walking back towards the hallway. When we’d done the lap
around, it had been quick. If someone was in a back room, we wouldn’t
have seen them.

I sprinted further back into the aquarium. The jellyfish still undulated
under the UV light, oblivious to us. Can they even hear? I thought, as I
shouted at the top of my lungs and they didn’t seem to react.

The sharks swam in the enormous tank, watching us with bulging eyes. The
little terrarium with the turtles spilled golden light out into the
darkness. “Is anyone here?!” I called.

Nothing.

At exactly seven thirty, the lights dimmed over our heads. I pulled out
my phone again—no reception. I sat on the floor against a fake
outcropping of rock, hiding my face in my hands. “We’re trapped in
here,” I whispered.

“Someone’s got to come back. I mean, they have cameras, right? They can
probably see us right now.” He took a deep breath. “And anyway, worst
case scenario, the aquarium opens at 8 AM tomorrow. That’s in like
twelve hours.”

“We can’t stay here all night!”

“Why not?”

“Well, for one thing, I’m starving!”

“So? There’s food here.”

Derek. Always keeping his calm, even in the worst of scenarios. I still
remembered that time the engine blew out on our flight to LA. I was
catatonic, throwing up in a bag and thinking I was going to die. Derek
was calm the whole time, rubbing my back, telling me we’d be fine. Later
he told me he was about to have a full-blown panic attack. But he shoved
it all down and kept calm for me.

This time, though, he really did seem calm. “Come on,” he said, pulling
me up from the floor.

Most of the café was locked, but there was a little fridge of drinks and
freezer of Dippin’ Dots that were unsecured. We sat in the empty seating
area downing the dots, actually having an okay time. “We’re really
sleeping with the fishes now,” Derek said. “Haw, haw,” I replied,
rolling my eyes and grabbing another chocolate. Our voices echoed into
the huge space, the sharks swimming by peacefully behind me in their
enormous tank.

Suddenly, Derek’s face dropped.

“What?”

He shook his head and looked down at the ice cream. “Nothing.”

I narrowed my eyes at him. “No, what?”

“I just… thought I saw something,” he said quickly.

“What?”

“Just…” His eyes flicked up, and then widened, as he stared at a spot
over my shoulder.

I whipped around—just in time to see a dark shape flit out of view in
the tank. My heart plummeted. “Was that a person?”

“Looked like it.”

A diver? In the tanks right now? Maybe cleaning the tank or something?
Feeding the sharks? I shot up and ran over to the window. Up against it
now, I could see into nearly the entire tank. And there—a person, in
full scuba gear, darting behind a fake stand of coral.

I slapped at the window. “Hey! We’re locked in!” I shouted. “Can you let
us out?!”

I could see the trail of bubbles coming up from behind the fake coral.
But I couldn’t see the scuba diver anymore. Derek joined me and we
watched, perplexed.

“Why isn’t he coming out?”

“I don’t know,” Derek said, his green eyes focused on the water.

“Shouldn’t he be, like, cleaning or feeding them or something?”

“I guess.”

It’s almost like… he’s intentionally hiding from us. Dread sank into
me. That’s crazy. Right? Why would someone doing maintenance on the
tanks hide from us? Some dumb kids who got stuck in the aquarium?

The fake coral had little holes in it. He could very well be watching
us. Even though we couldn’t see him.

I backed away from the tank. “I don’t like this,” I whispered.

“I know. It’s weird.”

I pulled out my phone again. Zero bars, this time. I tried to call the
police, but the line didn’t even connect.

Fuck.

I tugged Derek out of view of the tank. “Come on,” I said.

We ducked into the hallway, decorated to look like an underwater tunnel
with fake rocks that cut away into fish tanks. Dim lights reflected on
the floor, casting deep shadows. “There’s got to be an emergency exit
somewhere,” I said, turning a sharp left into the room with the
jellyfish. The UV lights were still on, illuminating the edges of their
transparent forms. They silently undulated through the water. Up and
down, up and down.

I scanned the darkness for a red “EXIT” sign. But I didn’t see
any. There’s got to be one somewhere. I ran deeper into the aquarium,
Derek following close behind, our footsteps echoing across the glass
tanks—

Shlop.

I froze.

“What was that?” I whispered.

It sounded like something heavy and wet hitting the ground. Coming from
up ahead—the shark tank. Derek grabbed my shoulders, pulling me into an
alcove behind one of the fake rocky outcroppings. My back hit the
spherical window looking into the sea turtle tank, distorting our
reflection.

A wet slapping sound echoed from ahead.

It has to be the guy we saw in the tank.

I held my breath.

Don’t come down this way.

Please.

The silence stretched on.

Derek slowly leaned forward, peering around the edge of the rock. Then
he darted back in. He held a finger to his lips, eyes wide in the sickly
blue light from the tank. 

What? I mouthed.

He’s there, he mouthed back, pointing.

I leaned forward slightly. He was standing there in the hallway, facing
away from us. The man in the scuba gear. Water dripping down his body
and pooling on the floor. Before I could get a good look Derek yanked me
back, pulling me close to him. He held his finger to his lips again,
shaking his head.

My heart pounded in my ears. My lungs burned and I let out my breath
slowly, silently, as quietly as I could.

Go.

Please.

The minutes ticked on, but I didn’t hear any footsteps. He was still
there. He knows we’re here. He’s waiting for us to come out.

We stood, frozen, against the window.

And then I heard it.

Tap, tap, tap.

I wheeled around.

No.

He was right there.

On the other side of the window. One hand lifted, a slender finger
tapping on the glass, silhouetted by the vivid blue water behind him.

But there was something terribly wrong with him.

The scuba mask was fused to his face. No—it was part of his skin.
Waterlogged, beige flesh lifted off his eyes and cheekbones to hold a
foggy piece of glass, shielding enormous eyes. His body was twisted,
almost fish-like, ending in flippered feet.

Pain shot up my arm and I realized Derek was yanking me away. I’d frozen
in shock.

I finally tore my eyes away from him and we ran back through the
aquarium, towards the entrance. A loud splash sounded from somewhere—and
a minute later, that awful wet slapping sound behind us. I forced myself
to not look back, to keep my eyes ahead, on the fish, the sharks,
everything passing us in a blur—

We burst out into the entrance area. Derek grabbed a chair from the
concession stand and hauled it above his head. In a quick motion, he
threw it at the glass door. It shattered, bits of tempered glass raining
down on the floor.

Slap-slap-slap—

“Run!” I screamed.

It was too late.

Something knocked me to the floor. And then I was sliding, being pulled
by my ankles. Sliding towards the tanks.

The smell of rotten fish wafted over me.

He’s going to throw me in the tank.

Food.

I’m food…

I kicked wildly. Derek grabbed me by the arms and then suddenly I was
free, being pulled out the door, into the darkness outside.

We scrambled up and ran to the car. I couldn’t breathe until we were
locked inside.

“What was that?!”

“Let’s get out of here,” Derek said, ignoring my question.

No one believed our story, of course. Not the police, not our friends,
no one. Scared teenagers flipping out over the guy who feeds the sharks
at night. That’s what everyone thought.

Maybe I would even think it, too. That I’d scared myself into imagining
things in the dim light of the closed aquarium.

Except.

There are thick scratches on my ankles, scabbing over from where
that thing touched me.

And the slightest bit of skin, webbing between my toes. 
