My name is Gabe Hanes Frankfort Jr., short for Gabriel. I am writing
this as an outlet. I need to speak about it. I tried to forget about it,
but my mother’s passing has caused it to resurface in the front of my
brain. I never wanted to reawaken these thoughts, these feelings. This
is the only way I can think to get them off of my chest.
 For context, I grew up in the bible belt, a stretch of states in the
U.S. consisting of states mainly in the South, but also bleeding into
the Midwest. The state in question was Indiana, specifically a small
town called Owensville, which was located in the southwest part of the
state. My mother and I were two of about two-thousand people. She grew
up there, but I lived there from when I was born until about thirteen
years of age, from July of 1995 to around February of 2009. It was the
kind of town where everyone knew everyone. Fun was riding bikes and
playing at the park until the street lights came on. The town was dawned
and surrounded by cornfields, to the point where the community school
was surrounded by brown, rustling husks at the start of the school year
and rising, vibrant green stalks by the end. The town had one singular
gas station and a Dollar General towering beside it, with the closest
grocery store being in a town ten miles away. One thing that was
consistent though was that churches were on almost every street corner,
one of which I happened to live across the street from. My family, and
many other families would flock into the pews every Sunday morning like
clockwork. 
For being such a seemingly holy town, each churches’ congregations were
very consistent. It was almost blasphemous to attend a different church
from your own. This also started a lot of drama and controversy between
the people of the town and even the members who would run the churches,
including the pastors….specifically mine. He was very passionate to his,
and only his congregation. All of the pastors would meet for lunch or
have each other’s families over for dinner, except for Pastor Jim
Harper. Doing something outside of his church was almost to him like a
criminal offense. I almost grew an appreciation, speaking that my father
had split on my family many years ago. A boundary formed between my
mother and I after my dad had left. She blamed herself for this,
although I would later find out why. 
Pastor Jim was an outside source for my feelings to flush into. He grew
to be a great friend, of which I didn’t have many. I was what people
would call a recluse or hermit and was a very anxious person. I wouldn’t
go out of my way to talk to somebody and, most of the time, it was
almost a miracle when my mother could pry me out of my room.  I knew I
had my mom, but something about that man felt safe. Safe enough for me
to visit him regularly, at most three times a week. Whether it was
talking about that weekend’s football games, or spiels of my self
isolation, the words would just flow. He would always reassure me with
his words or gestures. Sometimes he would take me out to get ice cream,
or bring me small gifts (most of the time it would be candy), and even
sometimes come to my flag football games in the fall. I guess you could
say he was the father that I never had, and my soul found peace in that.
Before my eighth grade year of school, July of 2008, a new family
decided to move to Owensville. This wasn’t uncommon, the town normally
had an influx of people move in around this time. The neighboring town,
Princeton, was an auto manufacturing mecha, so July would give the
adults time to acclimate to their new factory jobs and enough time for
their kids to prepare for a new school. This family was different. A
family that seemed already very well off, which spurred confusion
towards everybody’s minds as to why they would move to a town planted in
the middle of sprawling hills and fields. It was also much of a surprise
to walk into church on the next Sunday to see the family in the pews in
front of where my mom and I sat, the shadows of our jean pockets
engrained into the wood.  As we filled in our cutouts, I would sit down
behind a middle aged couple, the man with an almost military style,
harshly gelled hair cut, and wearing a clean cut, jet black suit. And
the woman with wavy hair that waterfalled over the back of the pew,
wearing a yellow sun dress that hung from her shoulders. What really
caught my attention was a girl, who I would come to know as Melody
Sommers, sandwiched in between the couple. She was about my age, around
thirteen, and had the most dazzling, almost crimson colored hair, wavy
like her mothers. It was so radiant it almost glowed, and had my
attention like the light of an angler fish. Her eyes were covered by her
bangs. Adorned in a black sun dress with floral lacing covering her
upper back, the color matching her father’s. All I could think about
during the pastor’s sermon was the thought of possibly being able to get
a chance to meet the mysterious girl perched in front of me. 
When the congregation was dismissed, I didn’t want to walk across the
street immediately like I normally would. I would bolt so fast back home
that my mom would joke that I had left screech marks on the church’s
red, velvety carpet.  She knew I hated being around crowds, but this
time was different and she could tell. I asked her if we could wait to
meet the new family. I wasn’t a very social person, which she knew, so
she was hesitant at first. But she noticed for once that I was not
intensely focused on my escape, and the chance of me being able to break
that habit, in my mind, probably made her feel as if she was doing
something right with me. A small smirk creaked from her mouth as she
said yes, and we walked up to the family. I had kind of side tucked
behind my mother, but not enough to be out of the line of their sights
and not to obstruct my view. My eyes slowly tracking towards Melody’s, I
would look, and as her eyes crossed into mine I would get nervous and
look away. Having the opportunity of having a friend that I could learn
new experiences from and, mainly, that I hadn’t seen age with me
throughout the entirety of my life was the best part. But I had feared I
had messed that up in the first interaction.
A couple weeks of awkward interactions continued. Mainly shared glances
at each other. Each week I would nudge my way more and more out from
behind my shield of a mother as our parents conversed more often.
Eventually school would start back up, but it didn’t change these
circumstances. At the time I was kind of under the impression that she
had thought I was some weird individual from our previous interactions.
This was until I had noticed that into the third week of school she
hadn’t talked to anyone, hadn’t even given anyone her attention. Only
her bright, soft blue eyes would wander across the droves of students
and would eventually travel towards me, and my eyes were the only ones
to ever meet hers. On this day though, I finally had built up enough
courage to sit in front of her at lunch, speaking that I mainly ate
alone most of the time, and when I wasn’t alone I was an afterthought in
a group of raging, obnoxious teen boys. As I sat, the strong twist of
her head made the light beam off of her hair. Every thought I had left
from my head at that moment.
“Um…..what are you doing?”, she muttered in a soft, but also slightly
annoyed manner.
“Hi”, I said with a crackly voice, “I’m Gabe.”
“Hey Gabe. What are you doing?”, she uttered again in annoyance.
“Just eating lunch”, I said, “Is that okay?”
Silence would fill the area for what seemed like forever. She wasn’t
very impressed with my sarcastic entrance. 
She would finally break the silence with, “Melody.”
“What?”
“My name…it’s Melody Sommers”, she said.
Sitting beside her was a book, the thickness of it being so recognizable
to me that I immediately knew what it was. Another smaller book sat on
top of it.
“Is that a Bible?” I asked confusingly, simply from the fact of noticing
how she would space off during Pastor Jim’s sermons. I could only
imagine what would go on in her head.
“Yeah.” she scoffed, “My parents have been forcing me to lug it around
everywhere. I’m kind of just convinced that we moved to this bummy town
just to go to church.”
“Well I can tell you that there’s definitely more to this town than just
church”
“I am finding that hard to believe. Just being here for the past two
months, it seems like it is all that people seem to care about around
here.”
Being sly I said, “Well I can show you around the town after school,
maybe I can help you be a little less miserable…or a little more.”
She could tell what I was trying to do and, chuckling, said, “You are a
funny guy. I mean this is the first time we’ve even talked to each
other.”
“I’m serious.” I said, “Only if you want to. You can meet me at the bike
rack when the bell rings.”
“No promises.”, she responded, obviously reluctant based on the fact
that we had only conversed through our eyes before this, and walking up
on her all of the sudden could have been a bad sign to her. And as the
lunch bell rang and we scurried off to class, my eyes were glued to the
clock, waiting for the long hand to wander to the three, and the short
hand to the two.
As soon as the bell eked out its first ring, I bolted out the door to
the bike racks. I sprinted to find no one. Has she left already? Has she
just not come out yet? I waited ten of the most grueling minutes before
I gave up hope, popped my kickstand up, and began to pedal. As my foot
pushed its first thrust, a soft, yet familiar yell rang out through the
parking lot.
“Hey!”
My bike tires screeched to a halt as I fell over my handlebars.
“Oh…you came?” I said reluctantly.
“You piqued my interest enough, and I have nothing to do tonight, so
yeah I came.”
“Oh…well…um…good.” I said nervously, stumbling every syllable, “C’mon
now weary traveller!”
She hesitated and cringed a little bit, but also chuckled. And as she
shook her head in bemusement, “Look, if we are going to hang out you’ve
got to promise me something.”
“What’s that?”
“Don’t ever do that again.”
Our anxiety ridden faces shot each other a smile as we set off to our
first destination. We stopped by both of our houses to let our parents
know what we were up to. As we approached her house, I could see her
parents smile through their screen door, knowing now that I was the
first person to show their tenderfooted daughter any sort of
hospitality. We walked up and were greeted by them.
“Now who’s this little stranger you’re lugging around with you?”
Mr. Sommers said. His slicked back gelled hair, still as intimidating as
it was in church.
“This is Gabe. He’s a bit of an odd ball, but he offered to show me
around.”
“Don’t be insulting Mel.” Mrs. Sommers said, smiling at me. “You look
familiar Gabe, have we seen you somewhere?”
“Y-yeah, we go to the same church. I actually live right across the
street from it.”
“Oh, it was hard to recognize you not being hidden behind your mother.
Well then! It’s good to know that our Melody has met someone with good
faith!” She said to me, smiling even harder than before. All I could do
was smile back and shrug.
“We…are going to get going now. C’mon Gabe.” Melody said, pulling me by
my sleeve.
“Alright, well, be safe. And Gabe, have her home before nine.”
Mr. Sommers said.
“Y-yes sir.”
As we rode off Mrs. Sommers’ yelled, “See you on Sunday!” 
We arrived at my house next. I told Melody to wait outside while I
scavenged every bit of pocket change I had. Pulling every drawer and
gliding my hand through every nook and cranny. I already knew where I
was going to take her. A dingy little place on the outskirts of town.
The building was short and stout, almost slanting down the hill that it
rested upon. Faded red paint that looked like it had been brushed and
stroked when the building was first erected, chipping away to reveal
deep, dark ribbons of wooden beams. The only illumination on the outside
was a slanted open sign and another, slightly bigger sign that sprouted
from the side of the building that read “Hunt Brother’s Pizza”.  It was
just an old convenience store, run by one of the sweetest old men that
could ever exist. But as a teen, and to many of the kids in town, Pat’s
Place was like a lavish lounge, filled with all of the pizza and
fountain sodas that a kid could possibly consume. Most of all though it
was welcoming in my mind, so I thought that maybe it would be in her
eyes as well.
“I see you’re trying to impress the Sommers girl from church.” My mom
said with a snicker.
I blushed harder than I ever have and said, “Her name is Melody, and I’m
not trying to impress her…just showing her around town is all.”
She slipped me a ten dollar bill as she could see that I was struggling
for money.
“This should get you by.”
“Thanks mom!”
“You’re welcome sweetie, just be home by nine thirty.” And as I was
running out of the door she added, “Oh and don’t forget to bring back
change!”
Melody laughed at my embarrassment as we rode to our first destination.
We walked into the grease and cigarette smelling building, Pat noticing
me holding the door open for Melody, shakily struggling.
“It seems like you kids just keep multiplying!” He said with a big smirk
on his face. “Now who’s this bright, little ball of fire!”
“Melody”, I uttered nervously. She smirked with the same nervousness,
almost like we were synced
“Let me guess…you want the usual?”
I usually always ordered the same thing every time my mom and I would
get a pie from Pat’s. A twelve inch, thin crust pizza with all meat, and
the finishing touch…bell peppers. After I consulted Melody, she nodded,
which was a relief to me. He gave us two large fountain soda cups and we
filled them with the most concentrated, syrup filled sodas. The foam
spilled onto my hand as it bubbled over the rim. After that we would
skedaddle to the back of the room to a fake marble table and sit down in
an old styled diner booth. Bright, vibrant red with a yellowed, white
segment of upholstery. A stark contrast from the outside walls. And as
we sat, that synced nervousness lingered.
I broke the silence with, “So…where are you from?”
“Indianapolis.” She answered.
“Woah, so this must be a big change for you then? I’m sure living in the
city is crazy!”
I could only assume this, speaking that I had never really been to any
big cities like that before. The closest thing to busy roads we had was
a two lane highway that connected to outside life, and the closest thing
to a skyscraper that we had was the towering, silver metal sheets of
grain bins. 
“You could say that again. I don’t mind the stillness of this place so
far. Traffic was forever going in that city. It’s almost like the sounds
of the cars are embedded in my head. I would much rather listen to
crickets and cicadas over multiple cars hitting the same pothole over
and over again.”
A smile finally broke free from her face after she said that, so I
continued.
“The only thing you have to worry about around here is the slow ass
tractors hogging up all of the space on the road.” I said, giggling.
“Oh even better!” she exclaimed in a humorous, yet sarcastic manner.
As the next sentence started to expel from my lips, Pat had hollered at
us saying our pizza was done. Trying to be as gentlemanly as possible, I
got up and pranced towards the counter, motioning to her that I could
get it. As I walked up the piping hot pizza, Pat smiled at me and said,
“This one’s on me bubba,” he called most of the boys that came into his
store this, “tell her it’s a welcome gift.”
I insisted on paying, throwing my ten onto the counter. But as I looked
back up at him, I could tell that he knew that I was anxious. He knew
where my head was at, because I’m sure that he was once in my position.
So reluctantly I smiled and sighed and went back to the table. We chowed
down on the free meal that had been put in front of us and talked about
our interests. I would tell her about how I liked cars and watching
football, the usual for a boy living in the middle of nowhere with no
direction in life. She would tell me about how she was passionate about
art, specifically illustration. She always carried a small backpack
around, filled with every kind of drawing utensil and supply you could
possibly imagine. She thrived in cartoons and eventually she got
comfortable enough to pull out her sketchbook. I put two and two
together and figured that it was the small book on top of her bible. My
eyes would light up with wonder.
“Oh wow, th-this is amazing!” I exclaimed. 
“Thank you!” she said, her cheeks almost turning the same color as her
hair.
The illustrations consisted of bright colors and angular shapes. “I’m
glad that someone thinks so”
“What do you mean?”
“My parents haven’t been what you would call supportive about the whole
artist thing. They see it as a waste of time.”
“Well have they even looked at these?”
“I kind of just keep it to myself. I’m just afraid of what they will
think.”
“This is like some real deal stuff you’ve got going on here.”
One thing was always consistent in every drawing. A girl, almost in a
cartoon art style, with the same wavy crimson ribbons of hair protruding
from her head.
“Is this you?”
“It is.” she said and then explained, “I imagine myself as being an
explorer. Putting myself in these pictures helps me imagine the
countless possibilities of the future.”
It was such an interesting concept to me. It was something a dumb
thirteen year old boy like me could have never put thought into. 
“Explorer you say.”
“Is that the only thing you picked up from that?” she said, rolling her
eyes.
“No no, but I have the perfect place to take you when we leave here.”
“Once again. Odd ball.” She said smiling.
We continued to conversate for the next hour after that. Sinking further
into the booths as if we never wanted to leave.
“So, have you made any friends since you’ve been here?”
“Honestly, No.”
“What? How come?”
“You’re honestly the first person that’s even bothered to talk to me,
other than teachers of course. I haven’t really wanted to even try. I
don’t really want to get close with anyone in fear that I have to leave
them again. Speaking of, why did you come up to me today?”
I stammered, “I-I don’t know, you just seemed lonely…and interesting.”
I had no clue what compelled me to walk up to her either. Maybe
curiosity somehow got the best of me, or part of me wanted to clear the
air from our previous experiences, or maybe I just thought she was
pretty. But I knew if it wasn’t her then it wouldn’t have been anyone
else.
“Interesting? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I don’t know to be honest. I’m sorry, I ramble when I’m nervous.”
“Don’t worry, I was nervous too. I mean how would you feel if some
random kid walked up to you and stole your day away?”
I sat in a blank stare, her attempt to lighten my mood had failed.
“I’m just joking with you.” She said cracking up.
“Oh.” I said, sighing, “Good.” A smile grew back across my face.
“What about you though, Mr. Confident. Have you got any friends?”
“I mean kind of? More of by association.”
“By association?”
“The kind where I sit with them, walk around with them, but I am not
acknowledged most of the time.”
“Well, um, if you, well you know.”
“Yes, I would love to be your friend.” I said without hesitation.
“As long as you can keep impressing me with dingy places like this.” She
said with sarcasm.
After checking the clock and realizing that the sun was about to fall
below the horizon at any minute, we frantically cleaned up and bolted
out of the door to our bikes knowing we didn’t have much time left in
the day. The curiosity was seething through her as there were multiple
times I had to remind her to follow instead of lead. And as we pedaled
to the other side of town, we would end up at the park. Hidden in the
woods were trails, and one trial was in my mind, its windy dirt path
burning into the maps of my brain. We would rack our bikes and journey
off into the woods, equipped with a flashlight and her overwhelming
curiosity. And as the winds got straighter and straighter, we stumbled
upon a long, wide creek that ran all the way through. Sprawling across
was a giant bridge. Wooden beams with a similar flaky red paint to Pat’s
and covered by a roof of rusty sheet metal that looked as if it would
disintegrate at the touch. As a squeal erupted from Melody’s mouth, I
could tell that this little side adventure was worth it.
“We have arrived!”
“Woah!”
“I know right, I actually heard a scary story about this bridge from my
“friends” at school.”
“Oh really? I am sat!” She said with anticipation.
“Well, it’s nothing too crazy. They said that this bridge is a bad omen.
They say it’s cursed.”
“What kind of curse? Am I going to turn into a rabbit or frog or
something if I go through it?”
“No, goober. Cursed as in haunted.”
Her grin faded.
“You aren’t going to sacrifice me down here or something are you?”
“Girl, No.” I said laughing hysterically. When we collected ourselves I
continued.
“They said that their parents told them the original settlers of the
town built this bridge. This creek was said to be a sprawling river so
they settled by it. Owensville was going to be a fishing town
originally. Once the river ran dry and left this creek bed the towns
shifted to car manufacturing. But it is said that you can hear the
echoes of the whips the settlers used on their horses.”
“I thought you were going to tell me about some demon dwelling down
here.”
“I know I said there was more to this town than church, but I didn’t
mean anything that exciting.”
We walked inside to graffiti, a lot of graffiti. Ribbons of color
sprawled the walls, spelling out people’s initials and words that would
get any kid or adult kicked out of the church.
“I haven’t heard anything yet?”
“Oh, should I have mentioned that I have never heard them either?” I
said with a phony grin on my face. She rolled her eyes at me. As we kept
walking in, she stopped at a rare, empty patch of red paint.
“It’s perfect!” she said.
“What?”
“This is perfect!”
She sat her bag down and began to examine the wall. Evaluating every
chip and crack in the wall. She then pulled out a black paint marker
from her bag and marked the wall with an X. 
“What are you doing?”
“Drawing, is that okay? She said with sass. “I’ve always wanted to do a
big project, and here is my canvas.”
“Isn’t this illegal?”
“Oh don’t be a party pooper.” I definitely was, “It’s not like anyone’s
going to come down here.”
“You’re right, I guess.” Not wanting to tell her there were cameras
sprawled around the park.
We both laughed it off, and with her spot marked, we went back up the
trail. As we were walking the loud snap of a branch startled us, or what
I thought was a branch. 
“What was that?” Melody said, shaking in fright.
“It’s the settlers!” I said jokingly.
She smacked me, “That’s not very funny.”
“Sorry, sorry. It was probably just an animal or something.”
We hurried out of the woods and headed back towards our houses. We would
go all around town in the coming weeks, taking many trips to Pat’s and
riding down every street block in town, looking for any sort of
adventure, but we always ended up back at that bridge almost every
night. Paint marker after paint marker emptied until the tips turned
back to a soft mix of white and solid color. During these nights we
became really close. I would open up to her about my father, and how I
had found comfort in Pastor Jim. About the bridge that had formed
between my mother and I and being able to speak to him at any
inconvenience, instead. I had even told her that I had been talking
about her to him, each conversation pulling him more and more in than
the last. We didn’t get these conversations much anymore, but every
Sunday he made it a point to seek me out to talk since most of my nights
now were spent at the bridge. Our parents even grew to be decent friends
and would always talk together in church. As she drew away I started to
notice two figures instead of just her normal appearance. 
“Are you drawing someone else?” I asked not wanting to make assumptions.
“I am drawing you too, goober.”
“What, why me?”
“You’ve been just the most lovely person to me ever since we started
hanging out together. And like you said you made my life a little less
miserable.” she said snorting. “I wanted to capture this moment for as
long as I can!”
The fact of her actually caring about me in any sort of facet made the
butterflies in my stomach flutter like a predator had entered it. We
would come a couple more nights, and after four weeks of time and
temperature change and at least fifty paint markers spread onto the
wall, her piece was done. Her and I, riding on our bikes, discovering a
scene of vibrant colors and spaces. Sprawling hills of green foliage and
filled with flowers.
“This is beautiful, Melody.”
“Thank you Gabe!” She said blushing.
 A happy tear would roll down my cheek. And as we both sat back in
astonishment at the wondrous artwork in front of us, she leaned in and
kissed me on the cheek. My knees almost buckled with an overwhelming
amount of emotion. I turned and our eyes locked, not in awkwardness but
in comfortability and security, which eventually ended in another kiss
and an embrace. We both signed our names underneath the masterpiece and
headed out of the woods one last time. We walked out to the same
snapping sound once more, this time with a visible flash.
“Oh no”
“What was that?” Melody asked.
“The cameras, they got us.” I started hyperventilating, “They got us, we
are so boned. We are going to get caught.”
“Calm down, calm down. I don’t think they are going to be worried about
two kids at the park. They probably think we are some druggies or
something going to the woods to get a fix. I mean we have been here a
lot.”
I sighed in hesitance to calm down, “I guess you could be right.”
“C’mon now silly. Let’s get home before we get in real trouble.”
We got to my house first and she kissed me on the cheek again.
“Thank you for being so wonderful to me Gabriel.”
“You as well Melody. I am glad to be able to call you my friend.”
She really hadn’t known what she had done for me. It was as if I was
being freed from the shell of isolation I had developed around myself.
She departed, her figure slowly getting darker as she passed each street
light. 
“Be safe!” I yelled as I turned in to go inside, the whites of my teeth
shined through like they had never before. I woke up the next morning in
anticipation for what we were going to do that day, speaking that her
work was finally done. But all of those thoughts spiraled down the drain
as my mom knocked on the trim of my door and said words I wouldn’t ever
wish for anyone to hear.
“Son, Melody didn’t make it home last night.”
