I awoke with a start to the sound of our home security system blaring
downstairs. As I reached into the nightstand for my pistol, I took note
of the time. The crimson display of my alarm clock showed it was just
after 1 a.m.

I knew that sometimes, security systems tripped up. Maybe a large bug
flew near a sensor, or the system itself was just shoddy. But since we
lived out in the country, I had invested in the absolute best of the
best. There was no way this was a false alarm.

I loaded the magazine, chambering a round before grabbing a flashlight
out of the drawer. I aimed the flashlight at my wife, who was still fast
asleep. I debated shaking her awake, but I was worried she might say
something or make a noise when I did, which could attract the intruder.
Or intruders. More importantly, my daughter’s bedroom was downstairs, so
time was of the essence.

I exited the bedroom, locking the door behind me as I closed it. If
someone wanted to get to my wife, they’d have to kick the door down. I
avoided turning on any lights, instead selectively turning the
flashlight on and off as I cleared the bathroom and spare bedroom.
Finding nothing upstairs, I moved towards the loft area that overlooked
the living room. I aimed the pistol over the railing, and walked quickly
down the stairs, scanning every inch as I made my way to my daughter’s
room. After clearing the kitchen and downstairs bathroom, I moved
towards the hallway that contained the final two rooms in the house, and
as I rounded the corner, I saw it.

Peeking out from the door on the left, my office, was a massive,
deformed hand as dark as the night. Its foot-long, leathery fingers were
illuminated by the flashlight, amplifying its bulging veins and unkempt
fingernails. It was gently holding the outside of the door, as though
I’d caught it in the act of checking if the coast was clear. Looking up,
I noticed a green eye near the top of the doorframe, aiming down at me.
It felt like the intruder was crouching to meet my height and gaze as
best as it could. The pupil was gigantic, and it grew larger as I
noticed it. Though I managed to take note of these details, the time
that passed between me rounding the corner and firing could only have
been a second.

I shot through the drywall to the left of the door, where I assumed the
intruder was standing. I advanced, flinging the door the rest of the way
open before entering the room and firing at the slightly open closet
door after seeing nothing in the room itself. My daughter’s bedroom was
on the right side of the hallway, so I knew if I wanted to stop the
intruder, I needed to do it now. I was the only thing standing between
her and this thing. This was my only chance.

I stood in place for a moment, trembling, before it emerged from the
closet on all fours and charged at me, its mouth opening wider than the
size of its entire head, both of its menacing green eyes visible now.
Its scream coincided with the chirping of the smoke detectors that had
started going off after I fired my gun. I stumbled backwards towards the
hallway, tripping over myself as I emptied the magazine at the colossal
dark shadow barreling at me. It slowed, hunching over as it grabbed both
sides of the doorframe, before it collapsed in front of me.

I passed out for a split second. When I came to, I saw the thing
crawling back into the office. I grabbed the gun and aimed it at the
thing’s head, squeezing the trigger and hearing it click with each pull
as I shouted in fear for the first time that night. I stood up,
staggering back into the wall as the cacophony of smoke alarms and the
security system battled with one another for control of my eardrums.

I slammed the door shut so it couldn’t escape and stumbled to my
daughter’s bedroom, flinging the door open, grabbing her out of bed, and
heading for my wife. That’s when I noticed the screen of the security
system. It read, ‘Armed, Stay.’ It wasn’t even going off. A sense of
dread flowed through me and the world seemed to slow down as I slowly
raised my head towards where the wall met the ceiling, directly above
the security system. There, the carbon monoxide alarm flashed red,
chirping four times every few seconds, just like the security system
does.

I looked down at my daughter, and her face was as white as a sheet.
Panicking, I flung the front door open and set her down on the porch.
The security system finally, truly activated. I checked for a pulse and
there was one, but it was weak. Running back inside and sprinting up the
stairs two at a time, I reached the bedroom, kicking in the door I’d
locked behind me just a minute before. I scooped up my wife and set her
down next to my daughter on the porch. I hadn’t thought about calling
911 because the security system was supposed to do that, but they’d
likely only send cops. I needed ambulances. I stumbled back inside and
ran up the stairs, tripping several times before grabbing my phone off
the nightstand and running back out. I called 911 as I checked my
daughter’s pulse and my wife’s pulse and felt nothing. I begged God for
even just one little thump, but none came. 

The dispatcher started asking me questions, and I babbled out some
incoherent something about a home intruder and carbon monoxide as I
performed chest compressions on my daughter. I did the same on my wife,
alternating back and forth between them as tears rolled down my cheeks
and mucus dripped from my nostrils.

Eventually, I heard the sirens as a flotilla of emergency vehicles
flooded the street and driveway. Three deputies armed with rifles
entered the house as two other deputies escorted paramedics with
stretchers towards my wife and daughter. I sat there, unable to move, as
I watched them get wheeled away, one paramedic sitting on top of my wife
performing CPR, and another jumping on my daughter’s stretcher to do the
same. A deputy, pistol in one hand, grabbed me by the back of my shirt
with the other and pulled me to cover. I overheard someone say the house
was clear over her radio.

A stretcher was brought for me as well, and as I laid on my back, I
watched the stars and moon disappear from my gaze, replaced by the white
ceiling of the ambulance and the lights shining down on me. Two
paramedics looked over me, one putting a mask over my mouth and nose,
while the other turned and said something to the driver.

I awoke in a hospital bed, the sun now shining and peeking through the
closed blinds. I pressed the call button until my thumb hurt, yelling
out my wife’s and daughter’s names. Two nurses entered, flanked by a
chaplain. I could just tell from the look on his face that they were
gone.

I cried for hours. The doctor explained to me that I’d suffered from
hallucinations and other symptoms caused by carbon monoxide poisoning.
My confusion about the gun being empty, the passing out, and the
creature itself were all just a byproduct. He’d explained that to the
police, and no charges were filed against me for firing the gun. Someone
from the fire department also came to say that the water heater was the
culprit and that the vent pipe had somehow been disconnected.

I was discharged that night and was driven back to the house by a very
sympathetic nurse. I went inside, closing the door behind me. All the
windows had been opened by the fire department, as well as the door
leading to the garage. I walked into the garage and saw the water
heater. I stared at it for God knows how long. I had just had a company
come inspect it a month before, and they said it was in great condition.
Perfect was the word he used, actually.

That was two weeks ago. The sheriff’s department called today. They said
I could come pick up my gun, since it was no longer needed as evidence.
I drove over and gave my name at the front desk. The woman looked up. It
was the same deputy from that night who’d pulled me away from the house.
Another deputy handed her a bag, and she removed the gun and magazine. I
set down the case I’d brought. She started to lower both items, and then
she looked at me with this look, much like the one the chaplain had
given me, before setting them both in the case.

When I got back to the silent husk of a home, I loaded the gun and
walked around the house with it. I looked into the office. I had started
sleeping in there, and every night, I stared at the closet door, and at
the wall next to me. I hadn’t patched the bullet holes. I hadn’t done
anything, really. The smell of rotten food emanated from the dishes in
the sink, and the windows were still open. I had, however, checked all
the carbon monoxide alarms in the house, and they’d all been disabled
somehow, except the one that went off that night. I still couldn’t wrap
my head around that.

I walked upstairs and looked through the broken door to my wife and I’s
bedroom, then the recently painted spare bedroom, and then back
downstairs to my daughter’s bedroom. Then, I opened the door leading to
the garage. I walked inside and stared at the water heater before
turning my gaze towards the minivan, and walked towards it, key in hand.

As I sat down in the driver’s seat, I gripped the wheel, looking to my
right at the seat where my wife would never sit again. I looked in the
rearview mirror at my daughter’s car seat, and then at the other car
seat we had hoped to fill in a few months.

When I adjusted my gaze back towards the windshield, I saw the
green-eyed thing standing in front of the van, next to the water heater,
tilting its head. I noticed several bullet holes in its torso that
appeared to be healing. Its face held no expression. It slowly glanced
down at the water heater before turning its gaze back to me, raising its
large hands towards its face, covering it like a mime acting out ‘oh,
no.’ It stopped moving and lowered its hands, revealing a massive smile.
I thought I was hallucinating again, but I hadn’t started the van.

By the time I’d exited the van, the thing had already flung open the
door to the house and lunged inside. The impact of heavy footfalls
echoed from the staircase, and I heard the house’s joists creak with
every step it took. I barreled up the steps after it, and when I reached
the open window at the top of the landing, I saw its silhouette slip
into the woodline behind the house.

I debated posting this at all until I turned on the news a few minutes
ago. Earlier today, two families were found dead in their beds a few
counties over, all from carbon monoxide, and their alarms did not go
off. The authorities said it was a combination of faulty alarms and
faulty heating equipment, but I know better.

There are things in this world that want to be known, or aren’t careful
enough in concealing their presence. This is not one of them. I’m
thoroughly convinced the only reason it let me live today was so it
could taunt me, and that it expected me to swallow my gun or start the
van in the garage instead of telling you.

I don’t have much in the way of tips for when it makes its way to you.
It’s not like you’re going to know when it gets there. I don’t know how
many people, or families, this has happened to, but I know it will not
stop. I will say that while I have no idea how long it’s been at this,
it’s honed its craft well enough to slip into homes undetected. It’s not
like creatures of folklore that like to scare their victims. It seems to
take pleasure in watching you die slowly, without ever knowing it’s
there. Maybe it’s time to start sleeping with the windows open.
