Have you ever heard of information hazards? A solid example would be
Roko’s Basilisk—an artificial intelligence destined to be created and
kill everyone who knew it would exist but did not aid in that process,
therefore putting anyone with the mere knowledge of the intelligence at
risk. In short, while Roko’s Basilisk has not been proven, other similar
hazards are very much real.

In order to explain how I know this, I must first insist that you do not
read any further if the concept of an information hazard worries you.
This story, along with my life, may both technically be hazardous
knowledge to anyone who is not involved. Please read with caution and
consider yourself warned of any potential consequences.

The first information hazard I ever encountered occurred around twenty
years ago when a book I had never noticed appeared on my favorite shelf
in my middle school’s library. It caught my eye because, being an avid
reader at the time, I loved older books, and this one was exponentially
more battered than the shelf’s other inhabitants. The spine looked as if
it should have fallen to pieces circa three centuries ago, and the cover
was smattered with strange symbols—and no title whatsoever, which would
likely gather anyone’s attention.

As I flipped through the first few pages, I was severely disappointed.
Not one word was written in a language I could understand, and the
artwork was so incredibly odd. I carried it over to the librarian’s
desk, hoping for an explanation as to why the school would carry a book
none of us could understand and was seemingly too frightening for our
entire age group. She seemed happy to help until she tried to get a look
for herself. 

Scanning over the pages at an increasingly quickening pace, she mumbled,
almost to herself, “This really shouldn’t be here,” and after another
five-or-so minutes of waiting for a real response from her, I took the
silence as my cue to return to class.

Of course, at the time I had no idea the words in that book held secrets
no human should know, nor that it had been placed there for the sake of
containment. I actually forgot about it over the weekend until the
following Monday, when the library was temporarily closed so the school
could find her replacement.

Throughout my teenage years and early adulthood, I continued to be a
magnet for misfortune. Some of the less graphic cases contained my high
school best friend’s slightly incorrectly positioned shadow, which I
promptly pointed out because it was interesting and ultimately landed
him in permanent psychiatric watch and an odd inscription on a casino
machine, which I very wrongly led an employee to before his body was
found in his studio apartment the next day.

I know the latter two may seem like coincidences, but I promise they are
not, and I’m getting to the why behind that.

Shortly after my fortieth birthday, a stranger appeared on my doorstep
with an offer. By then, I had noticed the pattern, and in search of
normalcy I simply abandoned pointing out any abnormalities in the world
around me. I never wanted to be different, nor did I want to be involved
with whatever was placing said abnormalities almost everywhere I went.
However, considering my luck, I should have expected someone to see the
pattern before I could.

The man introduced himself and an agent with the Federal Acquisition of
Human Knowledge and Safety (or FAHKS, for short). FAHKS was, evidently,
an organization which (you guessed it) contained information hazards and
ensured they did not spread to the general population. I had been
consistently drawn to finding them, and now this man was offering to
turn my life into one of those paranormal-containment-office-worker
tropes you read on internet forums.

I was completely against the idea until he showed me the inside of his
coat, which held an official looking ID displaying a fake-sounding name
and an assumingly loaded handgun. I may have been lonely, but I was not
willing to give up my life just yet. 

As we arrived at a dingy looking office building in a car with windows
tinted far beyond the legal limit, he led me to the front door and
instructed me to put on a blindfold so we could “attend my interview”.

After what felt like an assortment of twisty, winding hallways, I was
forcibly sat in a chair as a surprisingly timid voice spoke from
somewhere ahead of me.

“What is your name?” it asked. What kind of a first question was that
for a job like this? I answered truthfully, assuming they must already
know.

“Have you ever killed someone?” the voice inquired, a little less
mouse-like this time.

This question was a tough one, seeing as I had never directly killed
anyone, but if they knew what I’d technically done, would they count
that?

I waited a moment before ultimately admitting, “Yes.”

A moment of quiet passed before the interview continued with a series of
typical job placement questions, so I assumed I had done well.

I knew I was correct when my blindfold was removed by a large man who
certainly did not fit the voice which clearly belonged to him, seeing as
he was the only other person in the room.

He held a clipboard out and made a statement which only added to my
concern for the future, “Please sign here. You will receive on-site
housing, any and all of your needs will be met going forward including
but limited to healthcare and entertainment, and as of now, you may no
longer contact anyone outside of this organization, whatsoever. Your
signature affirms that you will abide by these rules, and stands as an
agreement to a lifetime contract with FAHKS.”

It may all have taken me a moment to process had I not been sure my life
was on the line otherwise.

Since then, I have been an active employee of FAHKS, and it honestly
isn’t the worst job I’ve had. In all reality, I am a glorified lab rat,
but none of my contract’s promises were lies and FAHKS’s researchers
have found that whatever is wrong with me also means I am immune to most
information hazards—at the very least, those which have a more immediate
effect. 

Outside of my experimental work, I’ve been assigned to “field work”,
meaning I help keep any known hazards moderately contained.

Most information hazards are created through some type of otherworldly
force, which means we can not really contain them, but there are
preventative measures we can take to save most of the population. 

For example, that book I mentioned appears in libraries on its own in
order to affect those who read it, but FAHKS found out quickly that
regularly placing it somewhere deemed insignificant once every three
months stops it from appearing more frequently. That inscription on the
casino machine is similar—as long as it is etched in one place, it only
affects one in fifty people who read it. The shadow, we have not found
an answer for.

Like any other organization under wraps, our actions are very much
morally gray. However, our unofficial motto is that, “A good end always
justifies the means.”

To answer any questions as to why I would be writing this, I don’t have
a great explanation. 

Other than warning the few who choose to read my story, I can honestly
say I am done with FAHKS. My age is past what most would like to admit,
and as previously stated, I have always been lonely and that did not
change when I was hired here. Despite the cushy perks, this job is not
worth the constant impact that comes with being a living object of
experiment. The only risk this job contains is the very thing I can
never succumb to, and I’m tired of living a life that isn’t on my own
terms. So, I plan to take it back the only way I know how. Here I am,
contacting outsiders and breaking the contract my life relies on. At the
very least, if I won’t have truly lived, a few might remember who I was.
I hope to have adequately warned many of the dangers that come with
information hazards, and if an agent from FAHKS shows up with an offer,
it probably isn’t worth it.
