Hello everyone! I found this note in a cabin I stayed at this past
weekend. I was told you guys might find it interesting.

Not gonna lie, it freaked me out a little when I first read it. Maybe
you guys will have an idea of what this person is talking about?

I tried to bold the words the original letter had underlined. I wanted
to preserve the emphasis the author felt was necessary.

Anyways, here it is. Let me know what you guys make of it.

. . .

To this day I do not know whether to refer to the body as a “he” or a
“her”. Those features had rotten away long before I had made my
acquaintance, and I have not the medical knowledge to make the
distinction with what still remained. Hence, I will use “they” when
speaking of my… well not exactly friend… not any longer… but not a
stranger either.

They are still out there. That is why I am setting my account to pen and
paper, in hopes that those who may encounter them will have some measure
of understanding of what they are conversing with. They are more, far
more, than what they appear.

I spent every evening of the last ten years in their company. Perhaps
you may think that it was against my will. This was not the
case. They are enchanting. And they will only stay in your company as
long as you allow them. They are quite respectful, in that sense. Not so
much in others.

I think they are attracted to lonely people. Perhaps they are lonely
too. I do not know. There is so much I do not know about them. What I
can tell you is that I was quite lonely when they found me.

The first hint of their arrival was a low, pulsing instinct of panic. It
felt as though I was being studied. That lasted a few weeks. It felt
especially strong whenever I walked through the woods alone, as I often
did in those days.

(I miss those walks. The woods completely engulf the humble cabin in
which I live. I had so many sleepless nights in that cabin, then
feeling… now knowing… that I was not alone.)

One day, as I walked through a clearing a little past sunset, I looked
behind me. There, at the edge of the tree line, I saw a shape following
me. They were pretty far away, so I did not then have a good look at
what I was staring at. But knowing what I do now (they told me years
later), it would have been a floating, rotting, nervous system. Brain
stem swaying this way and that. A gelatinous, fluid-leaking,
grey-matter, blob bobbing up and down. The hundreds of thousands of
nerve endings swirling like frills on a dress.

But like I said. I did not get a good look back then. I thought it was
perhaps a curious animal (perhaps I was not wrong after all). So, I kept
my distance and minded my own business.

They are not subtle. Not in the least. They were not trying to hide from
me. Nor do I expect that they will try to hide from you. But I must
emphasize that this does not mean that they are dull. They are of a far
sharper mind than either you or I.

Later that night, I spotted a skeleton strolling through my
garden. They picked up a flower, a red carnation, and chewed its head
off.

(Much later, when I asked them about this incident, they explained that:

“You had several such flowers. I did not think you would mind. I meant
no offense. They were quite beautiful.”

As I said, in some ways they are quite respectful. In others, not so.)

And just like that they were gone. Blinked out of existence.

I thought to myself: “Surely I am mad.”

If only.

The next night, as I ate my supper (buttery mashed potatoes, caramelized
carrots, and roasted mutton so tender it fell of the bone. All downed
with a cup of Cabernet Sauvignon. But no dessert. As I mentioned before,
the cabin was quite humble) they sat themselves next to me. One moment
an empty chair, the next occupied.

The naked, rotting corpse asked if it may have dinner with me, and I
agreed. I should have screamed, I should have ran, but they were so
charming. It was intoxicating. All the airs of gentry put into display.
I do not remember exactly what they said, but I remember how they made
me feel.

In a word; special.

They ate their dinner. Bones and all. They did so most eloquently. Back
straight, elbows off, each move with the utensils so smooth and refined
it seemed almost like a dance. All the
while they introduced themselves in between bites.

They are a traveller. They are looking for a place to rest. They love
conversation. They hope to stay with me, if it is not
inconvenient. They are in search of beauty. They love my garden.

They then asked about me, and I told them then what I will tell you now.

I am retired. I used to be a teacher. I do not have a family anymore. I
am also in search of beauty. I plan to die here.

They smiled at that. Flesh hanging loosely from bleeding lips. I
remember quite clearly them saying:

“It is a wonderful choice for such an important moment.”

Then they told me of an ancient mausoleum, now long destroyed: So tall
was the structure that one could scarcely see the statues that adorned
its roof. It looked across the Mediterranean, clear blue waters lapping
at its feet. It was built for a great king, now long
forgotten. They said it could not compare with the beauty of these log
walls.

When the grandfather clock rang, marking the hour, they bid farewell and
exited via the front door. Their worm infested legs did not look as
though they had enough muscle to support them, but they did not stumble
nor did they even wobble. I saw them walk into the trees, graceful as
ever.

It was only as I slept that night, that the shock of what had happened
dawned on me. I awoke, clammy flesh sticking to my shirt as I bolted
upright. I explored around my house, clearing each room with a kitchen
knife in one hand. Once satisfied that I was alone, I looked out every
window of my cabin. Nothing but moonlit forest and creeping mists. Could
it have been a dream?

It had not been, for I found two dirty plates in my sink.

I did not sleep that night. I spent it in hiding in my closet, knife
held close to my chest.

When morning came, I found the courage to emerge. I spent the day
barricading the cabin as best I could. Tables sawn apart to make planks
to secure the windows. Closet propped against the front door, antique
cabinet blocking the back one.

I could not leave. I had planned to die here in peace and solitude. No
car. No phone. No computer. Merely a grocer who came out once a month to
deliver a pre-arranged order. Nearest town was six miles away. Nearest
neighbour two. Were I younger it would not have been a challenge, but I
feared I could not cover such a distance before nightfall.

As you probably imagined, my preparations were for naught. Later that
evening they appeared again, sat in my now tableless dining room. This
time their top half was flayed, the skin hanging loose
around their waist. This provided the only modicum of decency for the
naked cadaver.

They looked around confused. I explained that the barricades were to
keep them out. They apologized, got up and began to make their way out
when I stopped them. I asked if they would not rather stay for a cup of
tea. They agreed on one condition: that they help put my cabin back to
its previous state.

So, we spent the night laughing and joking about schizophrenic paranoids
while we repaired my humble home. They even put the table back together,
I do not remember how. Sometimes they could just make things
happen. They liked my Earl Grey; I remember that part quite clearly
however.

(It is so surreal to write it all down now. All the signs I ignored
because I wanted to believe that the monster before me was something
better than what I could see with my own eyes. Even now, I feel
disturbingly calm knowing that my death has been appointed to an hour
not far. Is this their doing also? If so, I thank them, for I would not
be able to hold a pen straight otherwise.)

As was the case before, they departed without fuss once it grew late
enough. Happy as you please, they walked into the mists. Again, I woke
up in a cold sweat. Yet now I was a little less frightened than the
night previous.

This repeated. Night after Night. Week after week. Year after year until
today. Less than six months later I no longer hid in the closet waiting
for morning to come. A year went by and I no longer awoke in terror.
Five and I found myself missing their company in the daytime. Each
night they came in the form of a different cadaver, unique in its
morbidity.

We spoke of poetry, literature, and film. Lines that made me cry and
passages that struck at their heartstrings. They made me see the works I
loved in a new light. Brought life back to books which I had read cover
to cover countless times. I cannot express how wonderful our
conversations were.

They introduced me to so many beautiful things. Things that I had never
heard of before like the symphonies of Blecher, and Di Pasqua, and
Farkash. There were the paintings of Sebastiani, and Haven, and Gnap
too. I remember them all so fondly. They told me of how these pieces had
been shunned in their time. Of how they were forgotten by everyone
but they. They collected beauty. Forgotten or not. Appreciated or not.

(To show me these works they would slice open their stomach and pull-out
whichever piece they wished to share with me that night from
within their black guts. These would trail behind them for the rest of
the night. Sometimes it would be a painting, sometimes a vinyl disc.
Once it was a crown. I know it sounds absurd, but I cannot deny what I
saw.)

Once I asked them where they went when morning came. They bluntly stated
that they chased the moon, always and forever, and that they did not
ever want to see light of day. They always made sure to travel ahead of
the sun. The one and only time I saw them become angry at me during this
time was when I suggested the beauty that a sunrise might
possess. They disagreed vehemently, to put it lightly.

Last year, I gathered the courage to ask them the question which I know
you are now wondering:

“How can a corpse speak? How can a corpse walk?”

This I remember quite clearly, for it scared me (Though, perhaps not as
much as it truly should have):

“I am sorry if my figure is less than refined. Every night I try to
improve, but I lack the materials.”

I asked them if I could supply the requisite materials.

“Yes. But I hesitate to ask you, as you are a dear companion and I have
lost many friends over this issue.”

They paused for a time. I too remained quiet. Eventually they spoke
again:

“I have never felt as close to a soul as I have with you. No other has
tolerated my company longer than you. Perhaps one can hope that you will
be more understanding of what I would ask of you.”

They turned to look at me, their failing body making squishing, putrid
noises. I looked into an empty socket, and then into the one cloudy eye
which remained to them. It had maggots crawling inside of it, I could
tell from the way it vibrated. I felt love in that gaze.

I told them to ask.

“I need living flesh. Your flesh. I have tried to replicate the form, as
a painter replicates a landscape. But all my subjects have been… what
you see before you.”

I asked them how they replicate the form. They bid me to
join them. They took my hand (theirs was frigid cold) and led me
outside.

I am not sure how in my old age I managed to walk with them to a
cemetery, as far as I know there is not one for miles. There they stood
on top of a grave. One lonely, pulsating eye reflecting
moonlight. They dug out the coffin barehanded with speed, and with
grace. Six feet of soil piled beside them. They ripped the wooden box
open and waved for me to come closer. Inside was a nearly fresh body.
Barely any worms had yet found it. She was wearing her Sunday best, as
we all might when our day comes.

They got down on their hands and knees and began to devour. They did not
spare the bones. They started with the feet, biting off each toe
individually. The legs they also ate one at a time.
Afterwards they started on the fingers and hands, then arms. The torso
came next, and this took the longest as they savoured each organ one at
a time. Last came the head. Eyes first, then tongue. Nose and ears
followed. All was eaten until only the brain remained. This they ate
with much glee.

“The best for last,” they said.

All that was left were the clothes. They proceeded to put the coffin
back together, and the earth too. When all was done, they walked me back
to my cabin. I looked back as we left and saw that the site looked as
though nothing at all had transpired.

When we returned, they sat me down and prepared a cup of green
tea. They asked if I would give them what they needed. The maggots had
since burst out of the eye and were now spilling out, some into my tea.

“Yes.”

“It is an agreement then,” we shook hands.

The tea was good, maggots or not.

The next night they came. Asked if I was ready. I said no. They grew
angry but left regardless. The same the night after, and the one after
that. This has been my life for the last year. As of a couple months
ago, they would just stand outside my cabin staring into my eyes. This
changed not long ago.

 

They appeared inside my home, first time in nearly three
months. They said:

“You made a promise. Those of my kind do not take those lightly. Your
body is starting to fail. You are dying soon, but trust that before that
happens I will have my due. Three nights. Farewell.”

That was two nights ago, and the sun is beginning to set.

I beg of you do not repeat my errors. I was weak and lonely.

Do not trust them. Do not let them into your home. Do not let them into
your heart.

 

I am sorry. It will be harder for you than it was for me. For
soon they will have a living subject.

And when they introduce themselves, it will not be as a corpse.

. . .

Fucking weird right? I didn’t show the letter to the old lady who rented
out the cabin to me. Did I make the right call or was I just paranoid?
