While I was getting my arm stitched up, I had a dream about the Lady in
Red.

We were on the beach again. She kissed me all up and down my body, her
breath hot on my skin. I ran my hands along the swell of her hips,
pulling her tight to me, and we groped and caressed and it was hot, so
hot, and just as we’re in the throes of passion and she’s running her
hands down my washboard abs (yeah, in the dream I have those), suddenly
her teeth clamp down on my throat—but she doesn’t bite, not yet, because
she’s enjoying feeling my vocal chords vibrate as she rips open my belly
and pulls rope after rope of my intestines out, twining them round her
fingers while I scream and scream and scream and I know this is the part
she likes…

Yeah.

Puts a different spin on all those paranormal romances that people like
to read, doesn’t it?

My advice to you if you’ve ever been inclined to get intimate with a
non-human entity, especially one that normally munches on humans, DON’T.

Not that she’s actually revealed how she plans to kill me. The dreams
are just my monkey-brained remix of my own dumb words—“What if I want
you to catch me?” and her bone-chilling response: “Well… let’s just say
none of the others liked it very much when I caught them.”

Yeah I’ll bet.

***

After my release from the hospital, I trade out my little houseboat for
a big fancy yacht because, I figure, last time she only caught me when I
got careless enough to go strolling on the beach—how’s she gonna find me
if I stay out on the open ocean? What’s she gonna do? Rise up out of the
deep like the little mermaid from Hell and crawl up onto my yacht?

(Shouldn’t’ve jinxed it.)

I’m basking in the sun sipping a pina colada—a fancy one with a slice of
pineapple and a little umbrella placed in it by a boy whose sole job is
to pop those suckers open and gussy up my drinks (why not? I got a
million bucks!), when umbrella boy’s eyes go wide. I turn my head and—

—there, in a vibrant scarlet bikini that leaves very little to the
imagination, she flashes a quick wink, tossing her damp hair over one
burnished shoulder as she swings long, dripping wet legs over the
railing.

Umbrella boy’s jaw hits the deck, and he’s popped more than the umbrella
he’s holding.

I spit out my drink and fling the glass. Good thing my big boat has a
little getaway boat attached for just such a scenario. Ciao bella! We
have got to stop meeting like this! But also…

… What the Hell? HOW???

Anyway moral of the story is fuck boats.

***

Next I take to the skies!

Hiring that private jet I mentioned costs a huge chunk o’ change—it’s
such a bite outta my million I almost can’t do it. But once we’re at
cruising altitude, I know it’ll be worth every cent. There’ll be 1000lbs
of pressure on every square foot of that cabin door, making it
physically impossible to open, encasing me in a steel box thousands of
feet in the air. Just me, the private chef I hired to serve a five
course meal, the wines the chef picked out to pair with each course, and
that $2500 premium aged bourbon I splurged on ’cause I’ve always
wondered what real luxury tastes like. And if you’re wondering, Gee,
Jack, didn’t she already warn you about taking things more seriously,
and shouldn’t you maybe set your priorities better? Well, you haven’t
tried the bourbon yet!

Sadly, neither have I. We’ve barely taken off the ground, and I’m just
settling into my chair about to open that bottle when all the hairs on
my neck suddenly stand up on end like sentries. “Shit,” I whisper,
disbelieving because I checked—double checked—triple checked! I scoured
every inch of that plane and I swear there was not so much as even a
speck of red. Not even a red napkin. Not even red wine.

Not one. Single. Red. Drop.

But as I unbuckle and turn around—“Jesus fucking CHRIST!”

RED. Stepping out from the back of the plane like she’s been there all
along in a flowing evening gown, the Lady purrs, “Hey, Jack.”

… and that’s the story of how I fling myself out of a plane in a
parachute without ever tasting a drop of bourbon.

***

But hey, I think it’s time for a confession. If you haven’t figured out
by now, humor is my coping mechanism (ever wanna know the saddest person
in the room? Look for the comedian). But the truth is… the reason that
Jack in the story is so YOLO is because he is pretty well doomed to die
in just a few days, and knows it!

All the Lady’s seemingly impossible feats? They’re not just my
imagination. No, I felt those shadow claws when they were cutting
through my arm like hot butter. In fact, I didn’t mention it earlier
because it’s not a funny detail, but while I was sipping pina coladas
and buying that $2500 bourbon I was also doped up on pain meds, because
she fucked up my arm real bad.

The truth is, I wasn’t actually thinking of the bourbon when I jumped
out of the plane. No, what I was actually thinking about is how
completely, truly, royally and utterly fucked I am.

I probably don’t deserve sympathy, but I figured I’d drop the façade for
a second because this post is about to get real dark. See, I’m about to
make a mistake.

So, you know how sometimes, when you’re extremely sleep-deprived, strung
out on adrenaline, and high as a kite on maybe more than just pain meds
(hey, I had a million bucks!), you come up with ideas that, in the
moment, seem like a stroke of genius, and in retrospect, might not be,
you know… the best?

I’m just trying to set expectations here.

Right that was enough of a disclaimer.

***

Skydiving! That’s where we left off. Me taking a plunge from my private
jet leaving behind my Michelin star chef (he’s not, but cost enough that
he should be) and $2500 bourbon.

Fun fact, I am actually scared of heights, which is why skydiving isn’t
even on my bucket list. But hey! Sure why not, let’s add it now and
check it off.

Jack’s Bucket List:

~~Disney World~~

~~Yacht & pina coladas (*must have toothpick umbrellas)~~

$2500 bourbon

~~Skydiving~~

Boom, done!

But now that I’m in freefall (literally and figuratively—pull the cord,
Jack!), it occurs to me to wonder just how exactly the Lady keeps
popping up like some sort of reverse Carmen Sandiego where the hottie in
red chases me. As my chute opens and my descent slows, I’m drifting down
toward a patch of green, when my eyes bulge out of my head at a flash of
red far below. It is the Lady, striding through the grassy field.

“NO, NO, YOU WERE JUST ON THE PLANE!!” I’ve lost it. Kicking and
screaming like a toddler as I gently drift toward that red. “NO! NO!
IT’S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE!!! DON’T YOU DARE KILL ME! DON’T YOU FUCKING
DARE! NO! NO!!” And then the grass comes rushing up and thank God I used
to do a little bit of parkour because I need these legs, need them in
order to run, which I do after I land and untangle myself and bolt,
screaming.

The screaming is undignified but entirely warranted, because this is the
moment I realize that the laws of physics do not apply. That I’ve tried
planes, ~~trains~~ boats, and automobiles, hahaha. That I could shoot
myself to space in a rocketship, right to the stars, and she’d still
find me and tie my guts into a bow, HAHAHAHAHA—

Ahem.

Anyway, maybe all my shrieks about her cheating make her feel bad,
because she doesn’t catch me… yet.

***

And now, we’ve finally gotten to those assassins I mentioned.

Well… “assassins” is a bit of a misnomer. Really, they’re a biker gang I
met at a rest stop while I was careening across Alabama (Kentucky?
Wyoming? Geography’s not my strong suit). Under normal circumstances I
avoid these so called motorcycle clubs because I’ve run afoul of their
sort before (there’s a reason I won’t visit the entire state of Texas).
Let me tell you, these guys NEVER forget if you wrong them. But hey,
since this jackal is being pursued by a magical murderous bear, suddenly
a pack of deadly wolves smells like opportunity. Their protection
doesn’t come cheap, but I’m willing to pay whatever it takes—and just
like that I gain a leather clad, Hells Angels style posse!

Hell yeah! So, pretty Lady, question for you. I know how hungry you
are—but are you ready to eat bullets?

I tell ’em to shoot her on sight.

And then, while one of the gang drives the RV I’ve rented, I finally
have an opportunity to crash in the back. The moment my head hits the
pillow, I’m out.

***

I dream of the Lady, of course. The whisper of her laughter sends my
heart into spasms. I try to sit up—but she shoves me down and straddles
me, her hands roving across my chest and shoulders, those manicured
nails digging in through my shirt as she says breathily, “Jack… think
you’re so clever, but you came for that million like a mouse sniffing
around a bit of cheese…” She riffles a wad of cash under my nose so I
can smell that crisp green. And then, flashing a wicked smile, she
flicks a lighter flame to the bottom of the cash.

“Hey!” I lunge for it.

She laughs, shoving me back. “So predictable—you’re no better than your
marks. But now it’s your turn, Jack, it’s your turn…” And as the money
burns, her smile stretches across razor teeth—

***

I gasp awake. The rumble of the RV’s motor slowly grounds me, and my
heart slides back into a steady rhythm as I take out my phone and check
the time. Twelve hours have passed. I look around, but there’s no signs
of red and no tingling at the base of my skull. Finally I relax a
little. Open a bag of chips and a beer—not very sustaining but I’m too
famished to be fussy. I type up my first entry and post it. Afterward, I
flick through my phone and—for the first time in days—check up on
business.

A man named Jeremy has sent me $500. He’s this old gay guy I’ve been
stringing along for awhile. I call him Jer-Bear. Jer-Bear thinks I’ll
meet him if only he sends enough money to help me escape my war-torn
country and navigate the complex (and expensive!) immigration process…

I’m crafting a message thanking him for the money but telling him how I
can’t leave my sick little sister behind (I don’t know why I do this. I
don’t need his money)—when my phone pings.

It is the Lady.

LadyBlood2023: Really, Jack? Bikers?

CoyoteWil3y: Hey Lady 😘

LadyBlood2023: I swear chasing you is like chasing a cartoon character.

CoyoteWil3y: have you checked my username?

LadyBlood2023: … you named yourself for a cartoon character who always
fails?

LadyBlood2023: cute. very you

CoyoteWil3y: Pfffff bite me 😠

LadyBlood2023: soon 😘

Dammit! I set that up and walked right into it. Time to pivot.

CoyoteWil3y: watchu wearing rn? 😏

LadyBlood2023: Nothing. ❤️

LadyBlood2023: That’s a cute leather jacket btw. Did you borrow it from
your new pals?

My monkey brain is wholly distracted by picturing her in “nothing,” so
that I almost miss the whisper from my inner jackal: Pssssst… Don’t fall
for her distractions. What does she really mean…? And for once, it’s the
clever part of my brain I pay attention to as I frown and type back:

CoyoteWil3y: wait is that why I can’t see you? You’re not wearing… the
Lady? Not wearing the human shape?

No response.

Ooooh! I’m just a teensy bit closer to understanding the nature of
whatever’s chasing me. She’s not the Lady but the… entity… that wears
the Lady like how I wear a profile pic to sucker in sweet saps like
Jer-Bear.

But she mentioned my jacket… If she can see me, can I see her? See what
she really is? I swivel my head to peer into all the shadows and out all
the windows but the landscape appears empty… and then my phone pings
again.

LadyBlood2023: rearview

I lower the window and stick my head out into the roaring wind to look
back to the rear of the motorcycle pack. She is clinging to the waist of
a large man with a red beard, her dress rippling around her like fire.
The biker does not seem to be aware of her at all. She raises a hand and
waves.

But if it’s this easy for her to catch up—why am I still alive?

Duh, whispers the jackal voice. It’s the same reason I keep playing
games with Jer-Bear, even though I’ve got that million. The same reason
I keep composing letters from D’Shawn to Martha. I’ll probably keep
doing it even after all this. It’s because I can’t quit the game, and
neither can the Lady.

LadyBlood2023: Jack, are you sure you want to involve innocents?

“Innocent”? Hah! If these guys are innocent than Jack here is an honest
man! I don’t respond to her provocations. It’s clear she doesn’t like
spectators, so she’s trying to bluff me out of my escort by playing on
my conscience. As if I have such a thing! I’ve no concern for anybody
but Jack!

But then she says something that chills me:

LadyBlood2023: So tell me… which one is your favorite?

I sit there for a moment staring at my phone.

LadyBlood2023: I’ll give you two hours to ditch the escort… and then,
whatever happens is on you.

***

It is a very long two hours, mainly because my driver won’t stop
talking. Movies. Music. Marxism. He has opinions on Putin and GMOs and
nuclear power. His jacket lacks the patch that many of the others have.
He explains that this is related to the group’s hierarchy—that you have
to be a member of a certain standing in order to get the patch. He wants
the patch so bad.

Aw. Cute.

He eventually asks me to “explain tiktok.”

Apparently his nephew is on tiktok and the driver, who goes by the
handle “Rooster,” doesn’t know how to watch his videos. By helping him
sign in I memorize his username and password and learn his real name is
Robbie and—by also helping him sign into an email he’s locked out of—I
learn he repeats passwords. I engage him in conversation about family,
pets, hobbies… filing away anything that might be useful. (I don’t plan
to use this information—just storing it away for a rainy day). When he
asks me about my family, I tell him I was raised by my “grandma,”
Martha.

So much easier to spin lies than talk about my real family. Dead to me.
Or rather, I’m dead to them. And may it stay that way.

“What was your grandma’s best recipe when you were growing up?” Rooster
asks.

I purse my lips, riffling through my memory of Martha’s letters. “Apple
brown betty.” She wrote about how someday D’Shawn should visit and she’d
make him her famous apple brown betty. Weird name for a dessert, but I
wouldn’t turn my nose up. Rooster is already spinning off on another
tangent—conspiracy theories and UAPs. I have to admit, despite my
intention not to consider him my “favorite,” I’m kind of warming to the
guy. And then he kind of socks me in the gut when he mentions his nephew
recently decided to change his name from Kyle to Kylee. Rooster doesn’t
get it but is trying his best, even though he messes up. “It’s just hard
for me to change ’cause, like, I’ve always known him as Kyle,” he says,
and I raise my eyebrows because of all comments from this old boomer I
did not expect to hear him opening up to me about his uncertainties with
how to support his transgender ~~nephew~~ niece.

“Well, if Kylee can see you’re trying, that’s the important thing.”

“Yeah… but it sucks ’cause I see that it’s so hard for the kid, you
know?”

“Uh huh,” I say. And for a moment I am profoundly struck by how
unpredictable human beings can be… then he starts talking about vaccines
and the chips they put in your body and my dude, I cannot even—just pick
a lane, this is too much political whiplash for me… But hey, maybe
there’s some method to his madness because by the time those two hours
are up he’s told me so much I can’t remember any of those passwords or
possible answers to security questions. So good for you, Rooster. And
hey, you’re a cool uncle.

***

I hold Rooster’s head in my lap, the blood dripping out all over my
jeans and onto the asphalt. The rest of his body lies nearby, gaping red
splitting open his torso.

I sigh and look up at the sky. Try not to feel guilty. Try not to.
Really, really try. Tell myself all the lies I need to in order to make
the guilt go away.

I do not want to write this part. But I have to so maybe you can help
me. See, this is the part where I got a glimpse of her. The Lady. Of
what she really is.

So.

End of the two hours. My heart is beating fast. So fast. I don’t even
hear Rooster’s babbling anymore because for the past few minutes the
only sound in my ears has been my blood pumping. We’re in the middle of
this long stretch of highway, everything fading to purple except for a
vivid line of red on the horizon. And suddenly there’s a figure in the
road. She just steps out of the shadows and stands there backlit by the
fading day, in a vermillion dress that flickers like flame. My hackles
raise, every fiber of every muscle taut as a bow. Everything feels as if
it’s in slow motion as Rooster squints and mutters, “What the Hell…”

WHAM

The door flies off.

It’s just gone. The entire driver side door. I didn’t even see the Lady
move. And Rooster and I both scream as suddenly he, too, goes flying
out. The RV keeps barreling forward and I lunge and grab the wheel and
slam the brakes. From outside come screams. Gunshots. The roar of
engines and squeal of tires. I lean out the gap where the door once was
and peer out across the highway. Everything has gotten very dark, almost
black, as if an extra veil of shadow has descended along just this
stretch, and in the center of that darkness is—a woman? It’s hard to
tell because her shape is shrouded in this roiling liquid smoke—a fluid
shadow. As bullets fly, the woman jerks to one side—almost like a
puppet. She drops flat to the ground, then leaps, and I hear claws rake
across metal and a bike goes screeching, its rider thrown. More screams,
bikes tossed like toys, and then they’re running, retreating, rubber
burning on the road. Leaving a scattering of shredded metal. The shape
of the woman turns my way, and behind her, two patches of the most
impossibly blackest void like the sky with no stars—black eyes that wink
out.

The shadow on the highway lifts, and it is an ordinary twilight again.

Dread curdles in my gut. There is something left in the road. No, I
think. No, no. He wasn’t my favorite. I did not pick a favorite. I dash
forward across the asphalt. And then I’m close enough to make out the
leather jacket, the gashes in it so deep they’ve split open his ribcage
and taken his head clean off. I see it neatly severed a few feet away.

I pick it up and sit down right there next to him in the road. I see his
phone nearby, and it suddenly makes me think of tiktok and his
~~nephew~~ niece. Should I inform his family?

And say what exactly, Jack?

I don’t know. So instead I just sit there telling him over and over and
over again that I’m sorry. I’ve gone numb. Drained of all instinct. So
numb that I forget to run…

… until a feel the pinprick of fingernails in my shoulder.

Chills run through my entire being, turning me to ice despite the heat
of those fingers, the grip of those claws reminding me of the penalty
for not running.

“I warned you, Jack. You should’ve listened.”

She kneels next to me. Flowing red dress. Hair cascading around her
face, lipstick perfect and skin glowing like she’s posing for the cover
of a magazine. Her hand cups my cheek and forces my chin up. Despite the
numbness, my whole body trembles. Hot. Cold.

She smiles. Such a pretty smile, almost passing for human—but those
eyes. Like a doll’s eyes. No life in them and never was.

“Let’s not involve innocents anymore… hm? Robbie here had a family and…
I prefer no strings attached. It’s why I picked you. Who’s going to
notice when you’re gone?”

Her words cut deep, and I shiver. Who’ll notice? Martha? When she
doesn’t get anymore letters from the guy who’s been grifting her? The
family that I cut ties with and would rather see me dead?

Huh. I guess, as prey goes, by her standards I make sense. I’m the
perfect cut of meat. No strings.

I’ll leave nothing behind but a few unfinished schemes and whatever
bones she doesn’t swallow.

“What… what are you?” I manage. Because if I have a name for what she
is… maybe I can figure out a way to beat her.

But she smiles. She knows, as well as I do, that the more you know about
your opponent—and the less he knows about you—the better. And whatever
kind of monster she is, whatever strengths or weaknesses she has, she’s
not about to give me any hint. She knows that she’s only taking out the
trash—just a small time barnacle preying on the innocent. But she
doesn’t kill me—not yet. She retreats along the highway. And as I watch
that red dress flickering in the wind, there’s a point where somewhere
in the distance, like a candle, it simply… flickers out.

I swallow hard, close my eyes.

From now on, I stop hiring anybody. No more protection. No more
assassins or gangs or hired anyone. I don’t want people dying for me.

So have it your way, Lady. We’ll play your game your way. Just you and
me. No one else. House rules.

But of course I know better than anybody… the House always wins…

[Part 1]

[Part 3 FINAL]
