Ever since I opened my little corner store 10 years ago, it’s been a
hit. People of all kinds come in to buy my stuffed animals, whether
children looking for a new toy or an adult looking for one to snuggle at
night. After all, why opt for a body pillow when you can buy a giant,
cute stuffed animal instead?

I am a strong believer of handmade crafts. Anything handmade carries an
emotional value to it - the love and care that the maker puts into their
creations radiates to the buyer, becoming a treasured item. Thus, I
hand-sew every stuffed animal that I put into the store, and I always
like paying special attention to the eyes. The eyes are the most
important part and must be handled extremely attentively. Otherwise,
there’s no life behind them. It’s what makes the difference between a
joyous stuffed animal and a bag of cotton.

My passion to pursue this craft was inspired by none other than my
mother. I lived happily with her for 13 years. Father left when I was
still a baby, consumed by drugs and debt. Mother discovered she had
breast cancer when I was 8, and died 5 years later. I remember I was in
the hospital, sitting in a chair next to her as she lay on the bed. I
held her hand. 

“I love you,” she said. “I love you…” 

She drifted off into the eternal slumber. The monitor showed a flat
line. But her eyes, which were only half closed, were still full of
life. I imagined it in my head a million times, of her suddenly sitting
up shouting surprise. Of her coming back home with me. But it never
happened.

I went to live with my aunt after her death. Years passed, but I could
never forget how mother’s eyes shone and radiated warmth through their
dark brown color even after she passed. That was when I decided to open
a store and sell stuffed animals to bring light into everyone’s lives,
especially through eyes that I spent years perfecting. 

People often bring their stuffed animals into my store to get them
fixed. More often than not an eye has been lost. I’m always happiest
when I get to give them a fresh pair. A new life, perhaps.

Today, after closing shop, I drove home and cracked open a beer,
strolling to the living room and eyeing the wooden shelf against the
wall. That’s where I keep my special collection of teddy bears. The ones
that mean the most to me. The first teddy I ever made sat on the top
shelf, maybe one of the most disproportionate ones I have. Dark brown
eyes I had lazily glossed stared back at me. 

I remember when I heard the news about the illegal exhumation of my
mother’s grave several years after she died. I was devastated, but
luckily my mother was left largely intact and her precious necklace was
still in the coffin. 

My second wasn’t much of an upgrade. As you go down the shelves, you can
clearly see the evolution of my crafts. The plushies became more
proportionate, stitched more carefully, and the eyes became brighter and
brighter, with a sleek finish and a layer of varnish. The last one on
the shelf featured eyes that were brown around the pupil and faded to a
bright blue to the edge of the eye.

My aunt died a year ago in a car accident. I remember her eyes always
sparkled under the sunlight. They were mostly lighter than my mother’s.

I shook off those thoughts and finished up my beer while watching a show
that didn’t turn out to be my cup of tea. After a few episodes I
surrendered and went to bed.

I awoke to a loud crash in the living room. I shot up.

A break-in?

I pushed the covers off and slowly tiptoed to the bedroom door.

The living room light was on.

Trying not to make any noise, I crept through the hallway towards the
light, holding my breath. I winced when the floor creaked under me, but
whoever was in there didn’t seem to notice. I reached the entrance to
the living room and peeked around the corner.

I quickly learned that the noise was from the living room window, which
had been shattered. Shards of glass covered the floor, twinkling like
gemstones under the light.

And in the middle of the room was a horror unlike any I’ve seen.

A big, festering dark mass loomed over the center of the living room. It
was vaguely in the shape of a human, almost reached the ceiling in
height, and had giant stumps for arms and legs. Stuffed animal eyes
covered the entity from head to toe, rippling as they moved across each
other. I could tell they were manufactured, but somehow they seemed to
be… looking. Searching.

I stifled a scream. My heart thumped in my ears and I feared that it
would spot me in a heartbeat, but my feet stayed grounded to the floor.
I couldn’t help but watch as it made its way over to the shelf, every
step making a loud thump against the carpeted floor.

It stood over my collection, and its eyes started moving towards the
shelf, sliding from all over its body and piling on top of each other.
Then, with its massive arms, it picked up the one with the dark brown
eyes, the first one I ever made. It reached towards the teddy’s face and
carefully plucked out the eyes, if carefully can even be a word to
describe this creature’s actions.

Anger began to creep in through the fear. That teddy held a special
place in my heart.

Seething, I watched the teddy’s eyes fuse into the creature’s body and
disappear into the sea of manufactured eyes. The creature started
twitching, movements so fast I swore it was a glitch in reality, eyes
whizzing across its body in a frenzy.

It screeched two words so loud I thought my eardrums were going to
burst.

NOT FAKE

I instinctively covered my ears. My elbow hit the wall hard.

That was my mistake.

The creature’s eyes started moving again, but this time towards me. I
had no time to waste.

I pivoted and sprinted back towards my bedroom. The creature screeched
and chased after me. Fast.

The door was within reach, and the monster was right behind me. I
thought it was going to reach me first.

But then it stopped in its tracks. I reached the room.

It had stopped at the doorway where the light from the living room
didn’t reach. 

And ever since, it hasn’t moved.

You have to understand.

The eyes that it took from me.

Though it wasn’t my best work, I poured all my heart into that project -
digging up my mother’s coffin, taking her eyes, carefully picking out
the irises so as to not damage them, and creating a base true to her eye
shape. Those stuffed animal eyes had preserved her spirit for so many
years.

Now I’m paying the price.

I need someone to know what I did. So that people won’t repeat my
mistakes. So that you won’t try to preserve a life through cotton,
thread and varnish.

Dawn is breaking soon. The sun is rising, and the creature is slowly but
surely inching forward. I have nowhere to run. Darkness is running out,
and I’m scared of what it’s going to do to me.
