Right, so a couple weeks back, me and my friend Matt were talking during
art class. We were busy working on character designs for our fantasy
comic, normal shit you see y’know? Tree guys with massive beards, orc
girls with massive yonkers, the works. But Matt had this thing about
“cultural accuracy” for them all. “No man, give the fucking orc chick
her tusks. She can’t look like She-Hulk dipshit!” He’d bitch in my ear
as I’m sculpting out her face. He’d make these carpal tunnel inducing
clothes designs for me to do. I just wanna make hot monster girls! But
he’d argue “Dude, if we want buff gladiator men and babe monsters, we
need to make their looks have meaning!” I know what he means but for the
life of me I just don’t understand it somehow.

So imagine my surprise when he came to college and started to blabber
about this online forum he read all night. Apparently our town had this
thing in the forest nearby we could apparently talk to. “Dude, if you,
me and a couple other people in the class go to ‘holeeshihtweyurgunadye’
forest and make this diagram, the spirit of the old wood will show us
what we ask for! I’ll ask for the answer and you bring a sketchbook for
when we go there. Maybe you can draw the spirit when we see it!” Fucking
hell man. But I can’t let this guy do some more stupid shit. Rather both
our college reps go down together than just his.

Anyways, to cut down what he told the group. From his current knowledge,
philosophers and answer seeking people could go to ‘The Spirit of the
Old Wood’ to find something they desire. The tool could’ve just searched
up reference pics on wikipedia but that’s not how Matt works.

The forest didn’t really seem like a place to have such a spirit. It was
fairly patchy, the trees were pretty barren, the leaves that were once a
part of the trees were a symphony of pale browns and sludge. “Matt, I’m
freezing my balls off. Can’t we just go home?” “No man! We need this for
our comic! Let’s just pick up the pace if you’re getting cold.” He
huffed as he started to pick up the pace. I wanted to leave, but if I’m
being real here. If he could get what he needs to make it easier for him
to make this comic, I’m not gonna stop him. I’m the artist, not the
brains.

As Matt led me and the other randoms along, the trees became slowly more
lankier and more unnaturally spaced apart. As the others behind us kept
on talking, Matt halted in his tracks, immediately interrupting whatever
conversations were being had. “Alright guys, we’re here! Get into the
formation I talked about earlier! Each one of you, stand in front of a
tree.” I looked around and realised that the trees’ weird spacing wasn’t
a coincidence. They were all shaped in the loose resemblance of a circle
with the exception of one tree in the middle. He nudged me and glanced
to the lone tree. “That’s where we’ll meet It. Get your sketchbook
ready, man.” I opened my bag and pulled out my book covered with
stickers of our characters.

He raised his hands and announced to everyone “Everyone! I need to
recite this word for word! So please, shut up!” As Matt opened his
phone, he started to recite the spell. I didn’t even know Matt was so
eloquent in some random ass language I’ve never heard of. As he
continued on, the wind started to flow through the handful of trees with
such power, everyone had to plant their feet down and grab onto the
closest thing they could. As Matt’s chant reached its climax, the wind
howled and whistled with so much violence, some of the pages from my
sketchbook flew out and landed in front of the main tree and as suddenly
as it came, the wind stopped entirely in its tracks and the forest
halted in its movement. We all waited for anything to happen… and
absolutely fuck all did.

“Matt, we should get going. At least we tried huh?” I comforted him,
patting his shoulder. “Look.” He answered. As I looked towards the lone,
gaunt tree. I saw a mass of stray leaves and leaf mould slug their way
from out of thin air. Its antlers were weaved with dead branches into
large, monolithic decorations above its ‘head’. Its sole eye was an
unwelcoming flare of white light, and its crude attempt at arms were
dripping with cloudy, grey water. As it sludged along the dense soil, it
vieled an overwhelming force of pure silence onto everyone. The antlers
clacked as the thing stared down at the stray pages of my sketchbook
intently.

“Beautiful.” The Thing uttered in a breathy, light voice. “Spirit of the
Old Wood.” Matt announced. “I have called upon you today to ask you-”
The Spirit looked past Matt and stared directly at me. “You… Have a…
keen eye, Artist.” It complimented. As the Spirit slogged on towards us,
Matt stumbled over his own words as he continued to ask for his request.
“I wanted to request the knowledge of your kind to further understand-”
The Thing, interrupting Matt once more “I will help you understand what
you don’t understand my Artist… And I… Will take the others as payment
for such.” Before I could completely comprehend what It had said, I saw
the leaves under Matt’s boots start to writhe around methodically, roots
from deep in the ground emerged from the dense soil and weave themselves
around to his knees, the power of the roots threw Matt back and evenmore
roots crackled and creaked as they started to thoroughly envelope his
head. “I DIDN’T WANT THIS! PLEASE!” Matt screamed as the roots injected
themselves into his ears and under his eyelids. I tried to move by the
roots planted me to the ground. I looked around and saw branches emerge
from the trees and swiftly envelope everyones heads as they all squirmed
and attempted to escape like a wild animal stuck in a trap. As I watched
in horror seeing the roots completely engulf Matt, his screaming
arduously silenced by the roots, almost instantaneously the roots and
branches slowly started to retreat from everyones bodies. And as they
all left, all that was left of them was leaf mould and mulch.

“Walk.” The Spirit of the Old Wood beckoned. The roots slowly left my
shoes as I slowly walked up to them, they answered “Closer…” the smell
of grass blades, rain, cut fruits and winter air all at once embraced
me. Their otherworldly affection completed my missing understanding.
They were the most beautiful being that I have been graced to be in the
prescence of. After it was done, my breath hitching, I looked over to
them. “So… when can we meet again?” I asked them. “Bring me more… And I
shall return to you my artist.” Their tender, embrace evaporated as they
dissapeared behind the tree. Gone from everything they did. What we did.

Did I bang The Spirit of the Old Wood? Yes I did. Hell yeah I did! My
art, my incompleted soul, has now evolved like a butterfly ripping out
of its cocoon. But I am in a field with no flowers. I need to find more.

Until I see you again.
