Today, he called me sobbing and screaming “WE ARE SO FUCKED” over and
over again, until the lights went out and the call disconnected.

For a minute there, I sat absolutely dumbfounded. I have absolutely no
clue what just happened, so I decide to check my news app on my phone to
see if there was anything at all. There wasn’t, whatever took the lights
out also took out the internet with it. I then remembered you can call
the Police at any time, even without cell service.

“112, what’s your emergency?

“Hi, ehh, what just happened?”

“The city has some sort of blackout happening, the electric company
should be responding shortly.”

“Do you know what caused it?”

“No, but they should give some sort of answer-“

The call cut. Pure silence. I now am even more confused than I already
was. After a moment, I grab two big pots take them to the sink and
filled them up with water, since I wanted to have a good amount of clean
drinking water for the time. I still wanted to find out something,
anything that could give some sort of answer as to what is happening, so
I looked out the window. Everything looked normal until I realized that
there was not a single person outside. There’s always atleast a few
people, but not even the stray cats were there.

The only possible way I could get any type of answer is if I were go to
Sashko’s apartment, since he’s the one who could see the future. A
minute later, I was climbing the stairs and reaching his door.
“Sashko, you there?”

“… Are you still human?”

“Wh-“

“ARE YOU STILL HUMAN OR NOT?”

“Yes I’m still human, what the hell are you saying?”

He opens the door and steps back into the kitchen and I walk inside and
close the door behind me.
“What the hell were you screaming about, am I still human?

“I saw these things, they were… pretending to be human, and, and they-
th- they were- they-“

“Calm down, I can’t understand a word you’re saying. What are ‘they’
that you keep yapping about?”

“I don’t know what they are, man! I DON’T KNOW ALRIGHT? THEY WERE
PRETENDING TO BE HUMAN AND KILLING OTHER PEOPLE!”

I didn’t even notice he had a rifle on the chair next to him that even
had a bayonet at the end of it. We live in Bulgaria, so owning a gun
isn’t exactly that easy. It’s definitely possible, but it’s very hard to
do and is usually for hunting. This man had gotten himself what looked
to be an M1903 Springfield and just casually keeping it loaded.

He even handed me a 1911 and a sword as I turned to leave.
“You’ll need these, trust me.”

“How did you get these?”

“Shop.”

I genuinely thought at this point that he had lost his mind rather than
some truly horrific future prediction. I was on my way back to my own
apartment, just casually walking with a gun and sword on my hip, praying
that a cop wouldn’t show up and I’d have to explain the reason for me
being armed to the teeth is because my psychic friend told me to.
Everything was purely silent, not a grain of noise which is super weird.
Not even Eva was having her daily argument with her husband for drinking
her beer. I get back home and notice that the windows were all
shattered. Every single one, in every apartment on in my building. Even
the clothes line on people’s balconies were destroyed and there was wet
clothes all over the ground.

After turning around I see that the other buildings are also like this.
How did all of this happen without me noticing? I have really good long
ranged hearing, and I was no more that 300 meters from the building the
entire time. I should have heard something. I suddenly hear a child
screaming out of nowhere and decided that’s enough. I go to my car,
start it, and I get myself out of that place. I drove until I got to
back to Sashko’s apartment, where he was waiting outside with his gun
and one of those big red jugs of gas. He hops in and we leave the city.
After around an hour or so of driving, we reach Stara Zagora and Sashko
is dead asleep like he hasn’t slept in a week. I step out of the car and
into one of the shops, where the clerk who is very much alive and not
dead, or some shadow mimic entity thing, or whatever the hell Sashko was
raving about. I grab some food and water for the the both of us when I
noticed something.

I picked up the smell of steel, like if you were to take one of those
fancy Japanese chef knives and sniff the blade. I turn around and see my
little brother there, except he’s supposed to be in Germany.
“What happened to you? Shouldn’t you be in Germany?”

“I got back after I heard the news bro, you actually did it, now didn’t
you? Mom MAY or may not have told me.”

“What? Hold on. Tell me what mom cooked for dinner on Christmas last
year after insisting on cooking rather than Aunt Bella.”

“That weird red thing with green spots of something, the one that tasted
like coins and regret.”

“Ahh ok, it is you. But what hap- wait. How did you find me here
specifically? How did you end up in this exact shop in Stara Zagora? You
live in Germany and I’m in Sliven, there should be no way you just
accidentally ended up 130 kilometres away where you were going in the
opposite direction-“

Where did the clerk go? There’s isn’t any door he could have just walked
out of, and there was no way I wouldn’t have noticed him. Suddenly my
“brother” jumps on me with blood dripping from his mouth. I grab a glass
bottle off the shelf and smash it straight into his skull which causes
him to stumble, so I take the chance to jump back pull out my gun and
send 4 shots straight into the thing. I saw the clerk’s body on the
ground and realized these things are a lot more skilled at killing than
I thought. The thing had changed its shape to some kind of human looking
thing, and I put one more bullet into it head to make sure it was dead
and took a picture of it’s body.

I got back in the car and Sashko was awake, probably due to the
gunshots.

“You killed one of them?” He says as if he saw it coming, which he
probably did.

“Yeah, I got some snacks too. Why did you stay in the car after hearing
me?”

“I knew you would be fine, are you forgetting that I can literally see
the future?”

“I remember, yes.”

“We can go to Sofia from here, things are still normal there. Here, let
me drive and you can sleep, you’re gonna fall at the wheel in around
half an hour from now.”

“Alright.”

I fell asleep and had the dumbest dream I’ve had in a long time. I was
in what I think was Ireland, inside of a pub. The bartender handed me a
plate of shepherd’s pie, except the plate was black. Pure, jet black. It
was like that paint where they said it was the blackest paint in the
world, and then I noticed the spoons, forks, and knives were also this
vanta black colour, along with the cups. It was like eating with
something that wasn’t even there, I was eating with black.
The pie itself was wonderful, I finished the whole thing and then the
bartender turns into a cow. I then woke up confused and disorientated.
But I managed to remember all of it.

“Sashko, where are we now?”

“Somewhere near Plovdiv I think.”

“But that’s a little south from where we’re going, why did you turn down
like this?”

He looks me dead In the eyes and just says “You figure that one out
yourself.”

We step out in Plovdiv after a few minutes and several bags of chips and
Corny Big bars. (Author’s note: Yes, that is an actual thing we have in
Bulgaria) We both step out and see that the sun was setting already, so
it would be normal to see a grandmother watering the tomatoes and
cucumbers in the garden, but we saw that one of them had the plants torn
out and thrown to the side. Accompanied with blood spatter all over the
side of the house. Three large, red streaks sprayed all across the wall,
maybe an hour or two old. But thing was, they were all done at different
times. Since blood oxidizes when it comes into contact with the oxygen
from the air, you can tell when it left its owner’s body. The oldest
spatter was around two, maybe two and half hours old, which was around
the time that Sashko called me back before we left Sliven originally. I
look at Sashko for any idea as to what we do next.
“What do we do now? I suggest we fuck right off before we join whoever
used to have all this blood.”

“Trust me and go inside that one over there, you’ll like what you find
in the kitchen. Also, the living room will be quite the surprise for
you.”

I sat there for a second and just looked at him, having absolutely no
words while he looks at me with the dumbest grin I’ve ever seen. “…
Right.”

I step inside and immediately pull my gun up and clear the the
frontroom, same way my father taught me from his time in the army. We
once took a trip to America, but the house we were staying in at the
time was broken into, and he started giving me his own combat training
after that. I know that grinning monkey outside told me it was safe to
be in here, I wasn’t taking any risk. I make sure to close the door
behind me, so if one of those things comes for me, it can’t sneak up on
me without me hearing the door. But then again, that clerk from the shop
who died like that would be a prime example of their stealth.
I find the kitchen and I was pleasantly surprised. 3 bottles of my
favourite cherry juice, unopened, still in the bag from the store. I
grab them, and a trash bag from the cabinet which I filled with more
supplies.

I then find the living room and see what he was yapping about. It was
the mimic thing, just on the couch. It was just there, was it relaxing
or something?
“Hi, you’re a human I’m guessing, or are you one of us?”

“I’m… human. What are you anyways?”

“We’re Ceriumites. Don’t worry, I’m not gonna kill you, I don’t feel
like it.”

“Why are you here?”

“We had a really big famine in our dimension, so we came here for food.
You guys have pretty good stuff here, I won’t lie.”

“Another dimension? How did you…”
Not even I could figure out the words to say.

“Yeah, we just opened a portal and walked in. Apparently our leaders
thought your planet was the best.”

“And you can… shapeshift?”

“Pretty much, it’s kinda like a part of our biology. When we’re kids, we
just randomly get the ability to do it, and that’s it. You kill someone
or something, or atleast get some of its blood, and you can do it.”

“So you were just hungry?”

“Exactly. I’m Lucas by the way, nice to meet you.”

“Anatoli, nice to meet you too.”

We shake hands, because apparently it was safe since Sashko didn’t tell
me not to, and Lucas the Ceriumite was too tired to kill me and just
didn’t want to.

“So why Earth specifically? I’m getting genuinely curious.”

“Well, all of your other planets are empty, and out of all of the
dimensions we have access to, you just have the best food.”

“So you came to Bulgaria just for the food?”

“I thought you said this is Earth, isn’t it?”

“Yes, but this specific part of Earth is called Bulgaria. There’s other
parts too, not just here.”

“Huh. We could just start living here, maybe even let humans come to our
home planet as tourists, who knows?”

“I mean, theoretically it *is* possible, but you’d have to ask one of
our leaders maybe?”

“Probably. We don’t exactly have much of a choice anyways. Hold on, I
think my partner is back, I heard the door open.”

“Hi, you’re Lucas right? I’m Sashko, nice to meet you.”

“Nice to meet you too, did you see my partner out there?”

“No, I don’t think I did, probably would have killed me if she saw me”

“I have to say, she really likes that Pepsi thing you have here. It’s
pretty good. The lemon twist one is my favourite by far.”

We just kept talking like that all evening, discussing our home planets,
and eating food that his partner Olivia had brought. After a few months,
they tell us their leaders came to peace terms with the UN and
Ceriumites can now gain citizenship to countries on Earth, and rich
people can go to Cerium, their home planet.

It’s now been around ten years since the initial invasion of the
Ceriumites, and my son comes from home from school, and he just couldn’t
wait to tell me about his new friend he made, that wasn’t exactly human,
because Ceriumites are coming to school with humans now, I guess.
