TODAY ( the volunteer)

I was in a movie theater watching family guy (idk) then everything
switched and these two men with no face just a pinstripe suit comes sits
next to me and now on the big screen it reads “enjoy your life for 7
seconds” and it’s a video of us and the two men on the screen. End
credits roll and it says “thanks for VOLUNTEERING”

I heard the shower running behind the theater’s emergency exit door. I
get out of my seat and the two men pushed me back down and said “NO” we
take you they have to grab my wrist because my hands are missing 😢.
They are now walking me to the door and says “go head open it”

I open it to find myself in MY bathroom with the shower on (I know it’s
me I know my humming) I’m hesitant to walk in but one of the guys pushes
me and goes “7 seconds, save yourself”

I pull back the curtain to see me myself smiling sewing my skin together
humming. I start crying and now my hands are back again .. the guy says
“4 seconds” I cry saying I don’t know what to do and then a gun
magically appears …

“3 seconds” I’m screaming begging them to stop, then bullets appear…. “2
seconds” I couldn’t take it anymore I didn’t know how to save me. I
loaded the gun and shot myself in the head as I’m dying one guy is
helping me in the shower and the other stands over me and says

“stupid girl now you’re dead like you always wanted to be”

THEN YESTERDAY ( Lady in the window)

just moved to this new town new city and every night it’s this lady (
dark figure no face but I can tell it’s a lady) she watches me cook,
clean, eat every night. So one day I forgot to take out the trash and
grabbed the trash can and raced down the block to make it and the lady
tripped me made me miss the garbage truck

I asked her why did she do that she said “because I’m you, you always
fail” pushed me in the garbage can and I felt her rolling me down the
block I’m now in my own home but she says it’s her home because remember
she said she is me, she is now sitting on my chest forcing me this
drinking and screaming at me turning demon like

Whatever she gave me left me unable to move or speak but I can still
hear and see , she puts me in a coffin and before kicking me in the
grave she says “ I’m just trying to save you”

I have now reached that point where I fear sleep. It used to be fun but
now it’s not fun anymore. I use to look forward to sleep but I rather
not. Nothing is fun anymore. Nothing IS FUN
