Once a week, I go to my grandma’s attic to hang up the laundry. She
lives literally just a few houses away from us. It might sound strange,
but I loved that attic. First, you open a wooden door, then there are
stone stairs, followed by wooden stairs, and then you’re upstairs. There
was still some hay left over from when my grandma used to have animals,
and clotheslines were hanging everywhere. Whenever I finished hanging
the laundry, I would smoke a cigarette by a little alcove with no window
that overlooked the yard. Sometimes I would sit there with my feet
almost touching the little roof below. It was only a short distance from
the ground, so it wasn’t very high. Other times, I would just stand
there and look outside. I had to be careful. If anyone found out I
smoked up there, I’d be in big trouble. The support beams in the attic
were made of wood, after all, and there was hay everywhere.

Susan often came to visit me. That’s what my grandma called every single
one of her cats. She was the most affectionate cat I knew, but this time
she started hissing and her fur stood on end.

“Kitty, what’s wrong?”

I wanted to pick her up, but she scratched me and ran away. I shook my
head in confusion and lit a cigarette. I was looking outside when
suddenly I heard someone behind me, humming a melody.

“Hmmm hmmm hmmm.”

And then something hit me.

I flew from the alcove onto the little roof and from there straight down
to the ground. A dull pain shot through my ankle. I grabbed my phone and
immediately called my parents. They were there within minutes and took
me to the hospital.

At the hospital, they found that I had broken my ankle and put it in a
cast.

My mom started going to my grandma’s to hang the laundry instead. I was
on crutches and there was no way I could climb those stairs, let alone
carry a laundry basket. When I asked her if she had noticed anything
strange in the attic, she said no. Maybe I had imagined it and simply
lost my balance? I hadn’t been sleeping much lately and had been
studying for exams, so maybe I had confused reality with a dream.

Two weeks later, my grandma called and asked if I wanted to spend the
night at her house. I sometimes stayed over there. We would watch
Jeopardy! When it ended, my grandma got up and said she was going to
heat up her famous chicken soup for us. I heard a cat meowing outside
the door. Susan had come over to cuddle. I brought her inside, and she
purred in my lap.

When Grandma walked toward us to get a dish towel from the dresser next
to the couch, Susan suddenly started hissing like crazy. Her fur stood
on end, and she immediately ran to the door and started scratching at
it. Grandma went to open the door for her, and the cat let out a frantic
meow before running away.

“She’s probably sick,” Grandma said. “She’s been acting like this for
several days.”

“Yeah,” I said. “She did the same thing in the attic.”

Grandma simply nodded and went back to the soup. She stirred it in the
pot and then started humming.

“Hmmm hmmm hmmm…”

I swear, my heart started pounding so hard at that moment that I prayed
she wouldn’t hear it. I could feel cold sweat running down my back. I
tried to calm myself down.

I don’t know how I managed it, but I looked at Grandma and tried to
sound as casual as possible.

“Grandma? Could I go outside and have a cigarette before dinner?”

She sighed and gave me the same disapproving look she always did.

“Go ahead, but you know very well I don’t like you smoking. And hurry
up, dinner will be ready soon.”

I grabbed my crutches and went into the yard, then immediately headed
toward home. I think if there’s a record for the fastest person ever to
walk on crutches, I probably broke it that evening.

I kept looking over my shoulder, but within moments I was standing in
front of our door. I quickly unlocked it and rushed inside.

When my parents asked why I was home when I was supposed to spend the
night at Grandma’s, I told them I had changed my mind. They didn’t
question it. I watched TV with them in the living room, and eventually
they went to bed. I stayed there a little longer.

Then I heard knocking on the window.

The small ventilation window was open.

Knock, knock, knock.

I pulled up the blinds, and there stood my grandma. She was covered in
blood and scratches.

“Let me in. You don’t just leave in the middle of the night.”

I tried to close the window, but she stuck her hand through it.

“Let me in.”

“No,” I said, trembling.

She started laughing and then began humming that same melody again.

I slowly backed out of the living room and went into my bedroom, where I
locked the door. I didn’t sleep that night.

The next morning, my mom woke me up and told me to come to the living
room.

My grandma was sitting there.

She looked exactly the same as before. The scratches on her body were
gone. She apologized for falling asleep so early the night before,
saying she hadn’t been feeling well.

I asked her:

“How early?”

“Well, right after we finished watching Jeopardy!”
