Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/yIYJFy4I6M

Hey everyone, it’s Tyler. I saw that my post gained some traction, which
I am grateful for. I also saw some comments giving advice, like talking
to my buddies I was playing with the day I got the alert. But anytime I
try to make a call outside of this town, it goes straight to voicemail.
For those asking, it’s been 4 days since the alert. And no, I still
haven’t heard from my parents. I lose more hope every day that I will.

Somehow, it seems like the power in my town is holding, so I can charge
my phone and use my computer. Weirdly, I even have internet. Yesterday,
I tried to Google my town to see if anyone else was experiencing what I
was. To my surprise, Google either wouldn’t load or it just gave me a
screen that said, ‘no results.’ It’s like whoever sent that alert has
cut us off or something without leaving us completely stranded. I don’t
know.

The knocking thing came around again around midnight last night. There
was still no banging on the door, but just like last time, a soft tap on
the door followed. Then the thing used its human voice (or its best
attempt at one) to try and get me to look at the damn moon.

I didn’t look, but I was angry now. What the hell was this thing, and
what did it want with me specifically? Was it targeting me, or was this
just what it did to every house? I didn’t care. I crept to my front door
and looked through the peephole.

What I saw standing at my front door was just wrong. I almost fell back
on my ass. The thing, whatever it was, looked human, but I didn’t
recognize him. He was twitching like someone who was on some kind of
substance, rocking back and forth on his heels and toes. The one thing
that scared me the most about him was his eyes. They were wide, but the
pupils were blown enough to practically cover the white of his eyes.

As I was looking at him, his head rocked up to the peephole. It was like
it somehow knew I was there. I don’t know. I fell back, catching myself,
and took off to my room.

I spent the rest of that night staring at the darkness under my door. I
was waiting for a window to shatter downstairs or for the door to cave
in, followed by something running up the stairs straight toward me.
Eventually, I fell asleep and woke up sometime later.

One thing I want to mention is in response to some of the comments on my
last post asking about the sun. See, that’s the thing. I haven’t seen
the sun come up in the last four days. Even when I check my phone and
see twelve PM, it is still pitch black outside. The only thing out there
is the light of the moon (or whatever it is now) coming through the
blankets I had thrown over the windows.

That leads us to today. I’m sitting at my computer writing this, and
just like the last few days, there hasn’t been any outside sound. No
passing cars, not even anyone screaming. There is nothing that I was
used to hearing. It is nothing that any logical person would expect to
hear in a town full of people, small or not.

I’m worried the isolation is getting to me. An hour ago, I was making
food when I swore I heard my mother’s voice from outside. It took all my
willpower not to swing that damn door open. The thought that stopped me
was the fact that my mother would’ve had keys. She would’ve just come
in; she wouldn’t knock on her own door. The image in my mind shifted to
the thought of me throwing the front door open and coming face to face
with one of those things. That was quick to make me stop in my steps.

Since I have the time now, as being locked in my room hiding limits the
things I can do, I want to address some of the comments I got on my last
post. No, it wasn’t a pizza delivery, and I’m not opening the door no
matter what or who knocks on it. To address the majority of the
comments: no, I haven’t seen the sun yet. No, I can’t get any messages
in or out of this damn town. And lastly, no, I have no plans regarding
what the hell I’m gonna do. Thank you to everyone who left me advice on
my last post. It means more than you know, and I’ll be sure to use it.
I’ll be back to update if anything happens. I’m going to try to get some
rest. Bye for now, everyone.

What the hell? I just woke up. My phone says it’s three in the morning.
I heard something moving around outside. It was not like an animal, but
like it was doing its best to be quiet. I tried to stay quiet, but then
whatever it was said my damn name.

‘Tyler, are you up there?’

How does it know anything about me? The sun still hasn’t come up. We’re
on day five now. Five days since I’ve even seen outside. I don’t know
what to do. I can’t stay here forever. I’ve never felt more isolated and
lonely in my life. I used to think I would do great if no one ever
bothered me again, but this situation has taught me that I took human
interaction for granted.

I froze as soon as the thing said my name. I didn’t even have time to
panic or really process it before I heard a heavy, dull thud against the
side of my house. The vinyl was creaking under the weight of something.
I heard what sounded like, I don’t even know, nails maybe, like
something was doing its best to climb. I quickly caught on. Whatever the
hell this thing was, it was climbing my damn wall outside, right toward
my bedroom window.

I grabbed the aluminum bat I keep in my closet from when I used to play
baseball. I knew it most likely wouldn’t do anything against whatever
the hell this thing was, but having something with weight in my hands
made me feel like I might survive if it got inside.

I gotta go now, everyone. I don’t know what will happen to me. Wait,
what the hell? There’s something at my window. It looks like my mom. I
see it through the blanket. It’s her. I have to open it.
