I remember playing a game in the 80s called The Orchard on the Atari
2600. I don’t really remember much about it, it wasn’t that great, and I
was around 6 when I played it.  I basically forgot that it ever existed.
Until I found it mentioned in an old article about long-forgotten games.

The article said that the game was released in 1982 by a now defunct
company called REDACTED. It had really simple graphics, and the game
mechanics were pretty repetitive and boring, even for the time. You
controlled a farmer in a huge forest where you had to collect apples and
dodge birds. 

But then there were multiple reports of people seeing strange things,
abandoned houses, dead people, unexplainable patterns, cities, villages.
Every description was different, except for one thing. Multiple people
reported a shadowy figure appearing after they had been playing for a
while.

The article said that the game’s production was stopped only after a
week, and the ROMs were recalled from the stores. There were only a few
hundred copies sold in the US, and it never got an international
release.

I don’t remember any of these strange things happening, so I decided to
check it out, but I couldn’t find the game on any torrent site. I
checked everywhere, but I couldn’t find a single mention of this game
anywhere, except for that one article.

So I visited my parents and asked about the game, but they didn’t
remember it. They let me check the basement, though. I looked through
dozens of old stuff, mostly old toys and furniture. It took me like an
hour, but then I found my Atari (which was luckily still working), and
the cartridge of The Orchard.

I brought it home, connected the console to my TV (after shopping for a
proper adapter, of course), and booted up the game. It was… pretty bad.
The graphics were shit, the music was horrible. It didn’t even sound
like music, just some annoying sound that was playing the whole time.

I played for like two hours. I collected apples, dodged birds, but
nothing interesting was happening, and I was so bored…

Then I started to notice something. The level I was at, it was full of
apple trees. But the pattern they were in, looked like the layout of my
old house. With my bedroom, the two bathrooms, my parents’ room, the
guest room…

What a coincidence, I thought. Then as I kept playing, eventually, I saw
the face of my dead grandfather. It wasn’t like an image in the game, it
looked just like a normal level, but the pattern of pixels just made me
see his face. And that strange music was starting to get under my skin.

I’m just hallucinating because of that article. It’s only in my head,
because I wanted to see something scary, and now my brain tries to see
things that are not there, I thought.

But then it got worse and worse. I saw my old cat, my exes… then that
pixelated, dark, shadowy figure started to appear in the corner. It
wasn’t just strange patterns of pixels anymore, it was in the game. It
only appeared rarely, and only for one or two seconds. But every time I
saw it, things got more intense. Instead of images, I could see whole
scenes in the pixel patterns, like if I was watching a video. I saw
myself as a two year old playing with one of my toys, while my mother
was knitting on the couch. 

Then I saw more memories, some of which I had already forgotten. I saw
myself, 6 years old, playing on the Atari with this game. Then I saw
myself when I was 7, 8, 9… It kept going, showing more and more recent
memories.

It kept having flashbacks from my whole life, then I even saw myself as
a 50 years old, which I am today. I saw myself playing this game on the
Atari, with my modern TV. But it wasn’t the final memory. In the pixels,
I saw myself in a body bag, being dumped in some unprofessional-looking
hole, and being buried.

I immediately turned off the console, took out the cartridge, and
destroyed it with a hammer. While I was doing this, I saw a police car
pulling over in front of my house. I’m now in my basement, hiding. I
hear the police officers walking around and talking upstairs. They are
looking for me. I don’t know what I discovered by playing that game, I
don’t know how it was possible to show what it showed me. I don’t know
if they will find me, so this post is my only hope. My only regret is
smashing the cartridge instead of uploading the ROM file together with
this post so someone can find out the truth. If you see this, please
pray for me.
