I felt the cold iron touch my lips. He traced honey along the barrel
because he said, “I want you to taste something sweet before you die.”

But it wasn’t sweet. The flavors melded into a sticky, oil flavor that
tasted how a bad candle smells rather than what my captor was intending.
My eyes glazed over as I watched his eyes violently vibrate under the
burlap sack masking his identity.

I knew who this was; an old bag of potatoes wasn’t going to prevent me
from identifying them. If it provided them a microcosm of comfort as
they performed this heinous act, then so be it. 

I couldn’t help but wonder if the bag smelled like starch and sweat.

They held the gun in my mouth. I felt the metal against my teeth. It
made me uncomfortable, like when ice cream touches the sensitive part of
your tooth. Their finger sat on the trigger. Their sweaty hand was
visibly shaking. Had this person never committed murder before? I
wondered to myself.

It was the only explanation as to why the deed was taking as long as it
had. They’d already partaken in several felonies by being here and
placing a gun in my mouth. The beatings, bruising, mending, and
strangling all seem kind of pointless when they stand in front of me
like the last leaf in an autumn breeze.

I tried to talk, but my words were muffled. 

“W-what d-did you s-say?” He stuttered out.

Again, my words were muffled. The realization that something was
obscuring my dialogue must have dawned on them, because they pulled the
firearm out of my mouth.

I coughed. I didn’t expect to cough. My eyes were swollen, but I could
still see. The pained coughs continued until blood came out of my mouth,
coating the back of my teeth. My throat burned like a hot iron had
pierced my neck.

I looked up at my assailant, and they stood, as if they were a child
waiting for permission. My body finally allowed me to speak; my voice
was hoarse from pleading before, but now I didn’t care.

“Why… Why haven’t you killed me?”

The vacant look in his eyes showed a hint of conscious thought.

“I’m not allowed to yet…”

This confession surprised me. Not often does someone beat someone
senseless, strangle them, waterboard them, and cut their flesh, all
while being forced to do so. But they’ve been alone this entire time,
from what I could tell. I’ve seen no cameras, I’ve seen no one but them.

My mind was swimming with possibilities. His mood changed erratically.
One moment he’d be friendly, the next he’d act like a character in a
Tarantino movie. I didn’t have any enemies, but I instantly knew who
this was the moment I heard their voice. It was someone I had met
before, but my head was swimming from the beatings. At that moment, I
couldn’t place them. They obsessively checked their phone, as though
their life depended on it.

I chose my next words carefully, because the bindings he did were
amateur, at best, and at any moment, I could free myself.

“So you’re being forced to do this?”

They lowered the gun slightly. I could smell their hesitation. He
started hitting himself in the head with the firearm.

“Get yourself together, Andrew! Fuck, fuck! One more and you’re free!”

During the inspiring pep talk he’d given himself, I finally undid the
knot binding my wrists to this chair. He must not have expected me to
get free, because when I tackled him, he discharged the firearm into the
air, then dropped it to the ground. 

I’ve fought my older brothers before, but never seriously. Never like I
was trying to kill someone. My body was exhausted, but my mind was sharp
for this opportunity. I crushed them with my weight and punched them in
the throat until I could feel the air squeeze out of their lungs like a
deflated balloon. After what this stranger put me through, I wasn’t
going to play fair.

I lost control of myself. I was killing him, but he deserved it, that I
know. But I hadn’t stopped to even consider the fact that I was ending
somebody’s life. After the fifth or sixth punch, they were severely
incapacitated. Their throat felt like mush beneath my bloodied fists. I
know I shattered their Adam’s apple. Blood pooled in their mouth as they
wheezed and coughed like a dying animal. I punched him maybe a dozen
more times after that.

After I was positive they could no longer retaliate, I removed the
burlap sack covering their face, and it was my coworker, Andrew. I knew
him only by name and the casual conversations we had in the hallways. He
felt like a stranger at that moment.

What surprised me most about this nightmare situation is that when
Andrew took his dying breath, he managed to let out a voice that was no
longer recognizable. What he said chilled me to my core.

“Thaaaaankk yoooou.”

I heard a death rattle for the first time in my life, and he died. His
body still made noises like it was trying to breathe long after he was
deceased.

Why did he thank me? I would regretfully discover the answer not long
after this event. 

When all was said and done, I just lay on the ground beside the body of
my kidnapper. I ached in ways I never knew it could. The fact that I
just murdered someone hadn’t settled in yet. I was delirious and on edge
simultaneously. My senses were all fucked, and all I could smell now was
blood. He destroyed my belongings, and I was in the equivalent of a
hospital gown, but covered in blood. My blood.

I knew there were stairs to this area. I’d seen them many times, hoping
I’d be able to climb them one day. I fumbled around in the dimly lit
basement for quite some time before crawling up the steps. When I
reached the top of the stairs, I entered the kitchen. I found his phone
on the countertop. I quickly called the police, and the rest is history.
I was taken to the hospital, and I wasn’t charged with any crimes. When
they tore his place apart, they found four shallow graves in his
backyard. One of them was a kid. This guy was sick in the head. I know
he recently lost his wife, but I didn’t realize it would send him over
the edge like that. I later learned that his children were at their
grandparents’ while I was being tortured. How does a family man snap and
do such horrible things? It seemed even the investigators were puzzled;
they talked to me for a while to maybe understand his crime, but they
were as clueless as I was. 

As I was transported to the hospital, I couldn’t help but wonder why he
thanked me for killing him. It didn’t make sense, no matter how I framed
it. After this, I started having nightmares of me punching my captor
until he was a bloody pulp. He would say, “Thank you,” after each
strike. I know I did what I had to, but I don’t relish what I’d done.

My work heard what happened and offered me free therapy, which I took
advantage of. I’ve never been a champion of therapy; I believed people
should get over their problems, but I had learned that some problems are
too hard to handle alone. I feel like a fucking loser sitting on a cream
colored couch as I tell someone my entire life story. But I do admit, it
helped just a little.

People look at me differently in the office. Word spread quickly of the
event, and when my coworkers heard what happened to Andrew, people often
gave me a wide berth in the halls. Work has always been just a job, but
I now feel actively isolated. Which I don’t mind. It’s weird when people
fear you. I’ve always considered myself closer to kind than not, but I
guess that experience changed me for the worse.

Life continued as usual for some time. You’d think after a traumatic
event, your whole life would be fucked, but the memory is always more
distant than it is close.

The most inconvenient part of this whole ordeal is that I had to get a
new phone. And the broken bones and bruising, I guess. My phone was
destroyed by my captor at some point; I can’t exactly place when. I let
myself be phone-less for a while. It’s nice not having to worry about
someone calling or the occasional, meaningless notification. Plus, when
people ask why you don’t have a phone, you simply say you were
kidnapped, and they destroyed it. Usually ends any questions they have
about a cellular device.

I’m a simple man, so I got the cheapest phone that had a camera. Which
ended up being some Android nonsense. It was definitely nicer than my
last phone.

Why I eventually cracked and bought a phone was because my boss wanted
to keep in touch. It’s easier to respond to emails and messages when you
have a computer in your pocket. Unfortunately, enough time had passed
that my employer now expects something of me, and the excuse of being
kidnapped doesn’t hold the same weight as it once did.

I’ve never been a fan of technology, but I suppose I’m supposed to join
the 21st century at some point. However, on the first day I had the new
phone, I received a text message. Quite possibly the strangest text I’ve
ever received.

Terry B. 72 hours.

I stared at the notification for a moment. I didn’t know a Terry B. let
alone just a “Terry”. I replied pretty quickly.

i think u have the wrong number.

Immediately, I received another message.

Terry B. 71 hours 58 minutes.

I nearly dropped my phone. I didn’t know what this meant, and I didn’t
want to know. I did what any rational person would do and blocked the
number.

Seventy-two hours came and went, and, to my knowledge, nothing
noticeable happened. I even forgot about the odd message.

I still had trouble sleeping at night, but that would lessen in time,
I’m told. Yet, just as I went to start my morning commute, I received
another text message, this time from a different number. I hadn’t
noticed, but the seventy-two hours had indeed come and gone.

This isn’t a joke. - X

A red X emoji followed the foreboding message. 

I reluctantly responded.

the fuck you want asshole?

My loving comment didn’t receive any acknowledgement. I hoped that was
the end of it, but the following day, I received another strange text
message, similar to the first one.

Destiny T. 72 hours.

Again, I ignored it. I didn’t know who these people were or what these
messages meant. Did I have to meet them? Is someone scheduling an
appointment under my phone number? I didn’t know. 

This time, forgetting about the message was a lot more difficult. Now
and again, I would stare at the name they texted me. I researched the
name, but no one I knew personally with that name and initial existed. I
did my best to ignore the message, but I couldn’t help but wonder if
something bad was going to happen if I didn’t respond.

what do u want from me?

Instantaneously, I received a response. 

Destiny T. 21 hours 37 minutes.

The time was ticking, according to these fucking weirdo’s. I refused to
participate, and after the time had fully elapsed, I received another
message from the same number.

You must do as we say - X X

I let out a deep breath as I saw the message. This wasn’t helping my
newfound anxiety. 

this isn’t fuckin funny

Again, they didn’t respond. I contacted the police and let them know
about the weird messages. They’re convinced it’s a prank. I figured they
were correct. The world is full of people who like to fuck with others.
Why should I be concerned when some asshole is getting his dick hard
messing with me? I had concluded that I was being paranoid.

Not long after I received the second name and a timeframe, a third
message arrived in my inbox. 

Scott V. 72 hours.

Scott. I actually know a Scott V. It’s my fucking boss. This honestly
piqued my interest. The other names were of people whom I’ve never met,
but this name was someone I knew.

The following day at work, I decided to confront Scott about the whole
affair, to see if he knew anything about this. 

As I went to his office, I received another text from the number.

Scott V. - Cut off his ears. - 65 hours 32 minutes.

“What the fuck?” I said audibly to myself in the hallway. At that
moment, my boss walked up in his casual, friendly way.

“How are you feeling today, David?”

The sound of my own name nearly made me throw up. When I was kidnapped,
my captor had said my name over and over again. He’d whisper it to me
just as I was going to pass out from exhaustion, then beat me senseless.
I know it’s not normal to be afraid of your own name, but I prefer when
people call me Dave now.

My boss seemed to realize this when he said, “Sorry, Dave. I meant
Dave.”

I swallowed hard. “Don’t worry about it, Scott.”

He let out a chuckle. “What’s the matter, you look like you’ve seen a
ghost!”

The phone hung by my side. I dared not look at the screen and that weird
message. I briefly considered showing my boss what I saw, but I couldn’t
identify a valid reason. HR would probably be on my ass for threatening
him, and they’d probably think I’m as unstable as everyone already
assumes me to be.

“Everything’s alright, just went to get some… water.” I pointed to the
water cooler. I was getting frustrated; I’m normally not this insecure
or awkward.

“Well, if you need anything, I’m all ears!” He laughed to himself. He
was known for having ears bigger than most people. 

“R-right.”

I returned to my cubicle and tried to pretend the text didn’t exist, or
to imagine what would happen if I got a third ‘X’. I’m not stupid. The
moment I saw a second name, I knew a second X was coming. Three strikes
and you’re out. That’s what they teach in baseball. But why cut off his
ears? Why was this sick fuck trying to goad me into hurting my boss? I
wasn’t going to succumb to peer pressure, especially from someone I’ve
never met who was too scared to show their fucking face or talk to me.

The remaining time had come and gone. I sat in my home, as it was my day
off, and stared at the clock as the seconds ticked away. I knew there
were about fifteen minutes left on the request and wanted to be ready in
case anything happened.

The phone in my pocket vibrated, and I knew it was them. I didn’t even
have to open the message; I read the whole thing in my notification bar.

Now you pay the price - X X X

I threw my phone. I didn’t want to look at it. I felt like such a pussy.
I am so afraid of a fucking text message. I awaited the consequence. I
even stayed up all night expecting someone to kidnap me again, but I
ended up just being too exhausted for work the following morning. I
called out and drank coffee until my tongue was stained brown. Whatever
was coming for me, I wanted to be ready for it.

Twenty-four hours passed, then forty-eight. I could feel my eyelids
flicker more and more with each passing second. It felt so good to close
my eyes. I tried desperately to fight sleep, but ultimately lost. When I
woke up, I was asleep for over eighteen hours, but I was where I had
passed out, in the chair I had set in front of the door, a black nine
millimeter by my side.

I acquired a gun not long after being kidnapped. I don’t even know why I
had this thing. Every time I hold it, I am reminded of when one was in
my mouth. The kid behind the counter selling the gun to me said, “That’s
the one cops use. It’ll protect me good.” 

I just feel less safe with this thing, if I’m being honest. 

I was scared to check my texts, to see if there was another message.
When I finally built the courage to check my messages, it was all for
nothing. There was nothing. No message from the creepy weirdos, no
message from my boss, which was surprising because I had completely
missed work. I quickly called them and said that I needed a “mental
health day,” as the kids like to say. They had no hard feelings and
understood.

On my commute to work, I got a call from my Aunt, of all people. I
ignored it the first time she rang, but she kept calling as I was trying
to get to work. I reluctantly answered. Immediately, I was bombarded by
hysterical crying and screaming.

“What? What is going on?” It felt as though my heart was going to burst
out of my chest.

“They’re dead! Your mom is dead! Your dad is dead! They-they’ve been
shot! Oh my God! Oh my God!”

If this was a prank, I wasn’t laughing.

“Helen, what do you mean they’ve been shot?”

“They’ve been fucking shot! Killed! God!” She breathed erratically into
the phone. “I’m outside… The police are on their way.” I’ve never heard
anyone sound so pained in their life.

I didn’t live far from my parents. I detoured and skipped work again.
They would understand. When I arrived, the police were already taking
them out in body bags and wanted to preserve the crime scene. My Aunt
sat on the sidewalk with a blanket around her. A female officer was
comforting her. I was still in shock from what happened to entirely
process this situation. When I was kidnapped, no one was more supportive
than my parents. And now they’re dead.

“Are you the son?” The female officer took me out of my own little world
and asked me a simple question.

“Yes, ma’am.”

“I’ll be right back, Helen. I need to talk to him for a moment.”

“Yes… That’s okay.” 

I could see how smeared Helen’s makeup was. I hugged her before walking
with the officer. There was this constant lump in my throat ever since I
got the call from Helen. No matter how often I swallowed, the lump
remained.

I was confused whenever the officer didn’t take me to a squad car, but
towards the house where the murders had just taken place. My old house.
The house I grew up in.

“W-where are we going?” My voice trembled.

“Just follow me for the moment.”

I obliged the request. I hadn’t done anything wrong, and I was just as
confused as everyone else. I walked into the house, and it was virtually
spotless. It was hard to believe this was a crime scene. No forced
entry, no tracks, no displaced decorations or furniture, broken glass,
or anything else one might expect at a crime scene. Hell, there was
barely any blood anywhere.

I nearly threw up when I looked at the wall where our family portraits
used to be held. They were all neatly stacked nearby. A message appeared
to be written in blood.

You could have prevented this, David.

I read it once, twice, maybe a million times.

The officer looked at me skeptically. “Do you know what this could
mean?”

“N-no, I…” I couldn’t stop fucking stuttering. I had a feeling of what
the cause of this was, but that would be insane. That couldn’t be true.
“The other day, I got a text message from a strange number. I went down
to the station and reported it; the person who texted me may have
something to do with this.”

The officer took out a small notepad and jotted some things down. “Now
you might understand as to why I am so confused looking at this crime
scene.”

“Yeah, it looks so normal…”

“As if the victims knew the person they let in.”

“You’re not saying…”

“No, no. David, I wouldn’t suggest a thing. But you are going to have to
come down to the station and answer a few questions.”

I know I didn’t do this. I couldn’t even mourn properly. Before I knew
it, I was in handcuffs and in the back of a squad car. My Aunt was
confused as I was. 

When I was in the room for questioning, they asked if I needed anything.
I told them I was too sick to eat right now. The detectives were cordial
and understanding. I answered every question they had. Yet, one question
shifted the entire tone of our conversation.

“So, where have you been the past few days, David?”

I winced at them calling me by my name. They were calling me Dave up
until this point. I don’t know why the sudden change.

“I was at home.”

“You didn’t happen to call out on Monday, did you?”

“Well, yes, I did, because…”

“Because why?”

I paused. My excuse isn’t going to be convincing. “I didn’t feel good.”

“Uh, huh. And you were a no-call, no-show on Tuesday?”

“Well, yes… but…”

“And your parents so happened to be murdered on a Tuesday, does that
sound right?”

I was even more confused. Did they think I did this?

“I don’t know, I just heard about this on my way to work.”

“Yes, after you texted your Aunt to check up on your parents for you.”

“What? No, I didn’t.”

“We have your phone, David. We saw everything.”

They tossed a handful of papers in front of me. One of them was the text
they said I sent, but didn’t remember doing. Another was Google search
results, one of which comically read, “How to hide a body.”

“Interesting that the Google search right there is right around their
time of death. Isn’t that interesting, David?”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. 

“That wasn’t me.”

“Why is it on your phone, then?”

“I don’t know!” I only now realize how guilty I looked, but I still had
something that could prove my innocence. I took a moment to compose
myself. “Why would I write that message on the wall? It doesn’t make
sense!”

One of the detectives leaned back in a chair. “Makes perfect sense to
me.”

My skepticism was evident. “That’s a lie.”

“Is it? You were kidnapped five months ago. You had broken bones, cuts,
bruises, and scrapes. You had a concussion, and you told us how you were
beaten senseless. Maybe a screw got knocked loose during all of that.
This may not be your fault, David. You could need help.”

“But I didn’t do this!” I tried to sound as honest as possible, but even
I was being convinced by their story.

“But you lied to us, David.”

“I haven’t lied once.”

“Then why did you say ‘you reported strange texts to the police’? There
is no record of that happening.”

My stomach dropped, and I nearly threw up right there in front of the
detectives.

“I d-don’t know what to say…”

One cop got closer to me in their rolling chair, and they placed a
consoling hand on my shoulder. I stared at the floor. This was all too
crazy for words.

“David, we found the murder weapon. It’s okay, we may be able to help
you.”

“Murder weapon? What murder weapon? I didn’t kill anyone!”

“David…” The officer sounded disappointed in me, as if I were a dog that
just pissed on the rug and was caught in the act. “We found the nine
millimeter in your home. Ballistics has already identified that its
caliber matches the one in the murder. We know you did this, just
confess. We may still be able to help you.”

I asked for a lawyer at this point after incriminating myself to hell.
My aunt bailed me out, and I am currently awaiting trial for the murder
of my own parents. I’m only allowed to go to work and home, basically.
Most of my family has disowned me, especially my older brothers. I do
not care to repeat here what they’ve said to me.

Helen believes that I didn’t do it. She knows me, but even sometimes
when we talk, I can see fear in her eyes. On our latest visit, I asked
her how things were going. Her answers are boring and full of
disinterest. Her visits have been less and less frequent. But as she
arrived for the last time, my phone vibrated. I stopped mid-conversation
to check what the notification was; it could have been my lawyer. 

But it wasn’t.

Helen B. - Gouge out her eyes - 72 hours 

I looked up at my Aunt. She wore a tired expression, and I couldn’t help
but wonder if I followed their directions, if I’d be free. I then
pocketed my phone.

I write this post now in the hope that someone believes what happened to
me and that this proves my innocence. I don’t know how to make the
messages stop. I didn’t kill my parents.
