I’ve experienced a few sleep paralysis or “hallucinations” during my
sleep all throughout my life (I’m 19 now) but this one’s new.

This was just last night. During the day, I didn’t do anything that made
me extremely tired or stressed, it was really just a normal day for me.
Fast forward to bed time, I laid down in my bed (my brother and I share
a bedroom), just scrolling through my phone and watched ASMR vids on TT
because I wanna sleep already. I think this was around 11pm. I fell
asleep shortly after but I was able to charge my phone before going to
sleep.

This dream was so detailed that I really thought it was happening in
real life. To start with, this dream had my house layout and all of the
decorations in it, including the pictures, the ref magnets, the current
color of our curtains, etc. When I woke up in my dream, I was in our bed
in the living room (this bed is for our guests), not at the one I share
with my brother and I kept hearing our screen door being scratched or
like brown paper bags being crumpled. So I went and checked on the door
and I was surprised that our front door wasn’t closed (our front door
has a screen door and a solid door, the solid door was still open so our
hallway was still visibile outside at night). As I was about to close
it, I heard the scratching again but not that loud anymore and that’s
where I saw this gnome STARING at me, attached to the screen door. His
eyes were so big, like similar to a blue smurf but its skin tone is
brown and has a red hat. I only saw his eyes and hat as if his position
was trying to peek at our house or something like that. I got a little
scared and realized that the sound I was hearing was the gnome climbing
up the door, so I quickly locked our front door.

After seeing that weird ass gnome, I went to check on my family and was
once again surprised at what I saw. My mom and dad, my 2 older brothers,
and dog were all sleeping in the bedroom that I share only with my
brother! My mom and dad have a separate room and the dog sleeps with
them. My oldest brother isn’t home as he is a seafarer. But then I heard
another sound again outside, a knocking sound at the window. The window
in that bedroom was a sliding one, but on the lower right side of the
window was our air conditioner. I quickly checked at the window and I
SAW THAT SAME GNOME KNOCKING VERY FAST. It was closed window so I just
covered our curtains on it BUT IT GOT IN OUR HOUSE THROUGH OUR AIRCON…
like it squeezed his small body in the aircon’s vents! Mind you he was
like the size of a ruler or something.

I tried to scream but my family was still sleeping, so I thought I was
the only one who can hear my voice and realized I was only dreaming. so
I grabbed a laptop (it was the nearest to me) and hit the gnome like it
was a tennis ball. It bounced of the wall and it didn’t moved again
after that so I was relieved. To make sure it wasn’t going anywhere, I
grabbed a big ice cream container in our kitchen and put the gnome
there. As I was about to throw it outside (back to the front door), IT
SUDDENLY STARTED SCREAMING AND WAS TRYING TO GET OUT OF THE CONTAINER.
So of course, my ass dropped it and IT GOT OUT. its expression was now
angry compared to before (it was expressionless). Its face looked like a
child but wrinkly since it was VERY angry. AND IT CAME RUNNING TOWARDS
ME. SO DAMN I SAID, I RAN IN OUR HALLWAY AND WENT AROUND TO GET THE ICE
CREAM CONTAINER AGAIN AND WAS ABLE TO TRAP IT, AGAIN! I did it in a way
where I just covered the gnome with the container on the floor. this
time, it was strong and was resisting me, like it was trying to lift up
the container, AND MY BODY WEIGHT WAS ON TOP OF IT SO DAMN IT WAS
STRONG. It was also screaming with a voice that was like, for little
people? you know that kind of voice. So of course, I was scared shitless
and it got to a point where the gnome eventually got his head out. I
eventually tried to choke it with the container while his head was on
the floor and it eventually died because i decapitated it WITH A DAMN
ICE CREAM CONTAINER😭.

Anyways, after I killed it, I woke up and was feeling EXTREMELY heavy
and my heart was beating fast. I woke up in a sideways position so I
think that’s a good sign(?) as I know that spirits can like, lay down on
ur back or chest if you sleep in a prone or supine position… Then I
checked my brother to see if he was still sleeping and he was still
there (TYL), checked my phone and it was only 4:12am so ofc, VERY VERY
SHOCKED and got this weird feeling again and I couldn’t go back to
sleep. I just started praying until I was able to fall asleep again at
4:44am. Nothing weird happened again and I was able to sleep peacefully
and eventually woke up at 9am today.

Any ideas what my dream/nightmare means? Or is killing the gnome a bad
thing ir a good thing? I honestly have no idea why it was trying to get
inside my house too so if you guys have any explanation for it, please
do tell.
