The second time I encountered Death, it was doing laundry.

By then, the thing with my mother’s voice had been crying right outside
my door for three consecutive nights, and I had been stuck in my
apartment for just as many days.

I say stuck because trapped felt too definite, and my frailty at the
time left little room for anything that made pretending impossible.
Trapped could mean that I was in danger, and I was not completely ready
to consider that possibility yet.

Don’t get me wrong. I was, and am, scared shitless. It takes but a small
collection of weird happenings at the same time to tip whatever scale
you think is keeping you in the correct dimension, where up is up and
down is down and dead stays dead.

So, stuck was better. Either way I could have left at any time, except
for whenever the crying was ongoing. 

I hadn’t. Not because whatever cried ever did anything but, well, cry at
fluctuating intensities, but because the level of uncertainty left too
much room for the imagination. I simply did not want to fuck around and
find out, as it were.

By the fourth day, however, I was out of whisky. And vodka. And wine.
This was a problem. The bigger problem was that because I was undeniably
rather sober, I noticed I stunk.

Metaphorically, sure. I stunk emotionally, spiritually, and in whatever
other way a soul can stink after being attached to a person who, for
several days, had been doing nothing but grief-drinking and
doom-scrolling while hiding from a dead woman. Said dead woman may or
may not be its mother, which further complicated things.

 I also stank in the usual sense, the undoubtedly human one where the
body had been left to marinate with fear and sweat and old clothes and
zero reason to make a good impression.

Noticing this little flaw of mine was very comforting. Smell can be
fixed with a set solution within the well-defined boundaries of
mundaneness. Take clothes off. Get in shower. Turn water on. Stand under
it. Soap, rinse. Easy. The bathroom was also windowless, which made a
shower all the more alluring. I could completely ignore the ever-growing
murder of crows around my complex for eight to twelve minutes while I
got to pretend that my biggest problem was body maintenance.

I went to my bedroom while actively avoiding any eye contact with the
front door. I made it all the way to my dresser and felt quite proud of
myself for leaving the couch before my plan encountered its first and,
frankly, devastating obstacle.

I had no clean clothes.

I had never had the type of relationship with domestic duties, laundry
included, that rendered them predictable systems. Instead, anything
household was a long series of increasingly optimistic negotiations with
myself over where the bar was and how low it could go before it was
completely unacceptable. There is a difference between sniffing a pair
of jeans that could probably last another day or two before anyone
notices and a shirt that would clearly need to be labeled biohazard if
found by someone with a name tag. 

I checked all the drawers anyway. After all, it wasn’t as if I was going
into the office, so literally anything would do, and apparently hope is
strongest where underpants are concerned.

Of which I found none, by the way. Let it be known.

I did find a pair of polyester pants that were… unfortunate, if you had
to go commando, and a clean but very discoloured white t-shirt that
probably should have been recycled ages ago. There was a pair of socks
thrown over the chair, living somewhere in the space between something
clean and something condemned. 

I told myself that yes, it was sloppy, but also very temporary. It was
at least a solution.

I carried the pile to the bathroom, still refusing to look directly at
my door. The hallway was eerily quiet outside, but it was also daytime.
The idea of the night to come made me shiver and reminded me of the
weight that rested within my chest.

I showered quickly.

Nothing happened. The water came out too cold, then too hot. I scrubbed
myself until I was raw, not because I was particularly rough but because
I went over the same spots several times. I washed my hair twice. Then,
I stood under the water with my eyes shut. I thought about how
absolutely terrible this was for the environment, and then about how
running water relates to crying, which again reminded me that everything
was wrong and that the action of showering was only postponing the
inevitable.

I had to step out. The air outside the comfort of the shower was heavy
with steam and hard to breathe. The mirror had fogged completely, and I
was certain something would be written on it. In this room, with no
window and no night, the terrors outside were but distant memories, so
it felt only natural to look for the next thing to get weird. Nothing
did.

I got dressed in my semi-clean clothes and tucked the dirty clothes
under my arm.

That was when the next obstacle on my quest began to take shape.

The laundry room was in another building.

It took a full minute for me to process that sentence. The word appeared
inside my skull and the letters rearranged and moved around like
twisting spaghetti on a fork, until they finally settled.

Another building. That meant I had to open my door, go through the
corridor, take the elevator or the stairs, and make it across the
courtyard. Preferably without more weird shit happening.

The utility building was pretty much centred between the buildings of
the complex. It couldn’t be more than thirty meters of paved rock away,
and I could cross that while holding my breath. That is coincidentally
exactly what you tell yourself when you think you may have to.

 It was daytime, though. Besides, what were the odds I would lose a
fight against a bunch of crows?

Sure, that would be dependent on the cumulative power of their collected
determination or whatever, but I digress.

I shoved what I thought was about one machine of laundry into an IKEA
bag and grabbed the detergent. Whatever remained of the flowery perfume
released thickly into the air with a dust cloud that made me cough
weakly after I threw the box in the bag.

Ironically I didn’t dare to look through the peephole before I opened
the door. If it was going to rip me to pieces it’s not like I stood a
chance, and I’m not sure what seeing my mother would do to me at this
point. Even if it just wanted to wail in my face until I turned deaf it
felt better to just open the door and face my fate. No need to see it
first. Quite like ripping off a bandaid backwards since I waited for an
awful long time before I decided that it had been quiet for long enough
that it was, well, safe to leave. I don’t know how long. Let’s just say
I’m glad I live alone so that only I know how stupid I must have looked.

I opened the door. The hallway was empty. It looked the same as always
with its dirty beige walls and scuffed linoleum floor.  The abandoned
shoe rack at the end of the hallway seemed untouched, and the equally
abandoned plant in the windowsill was still as dead as it had been since
the day I moved in.

I locked the door. I checked if it was locked. Then I checked again
three times just to ensure that I still had some mind left to speak of. 

Then, I weighed my options. Elevator, or stairs? They had pretty much
had equal screen-time in the horror movies I had watched, so to the best
of my knowledge both options sucked.

I went with the stairs, because I’d much prefer running away from
something than being stuck in the dark, waiting for a rescue that would
not come. If nothing else, it would give me the illusion that I went out
with some fight.

The stairs were fine. The front door at the bottom floor was fine. The
lobby smelled stale and had retained its soulless gray tint and light
dust coverage. The mailbox with my name on it was almost full, so I
managed to make a mental note of emptying it on the way back.

If I came back. 

I shrugged the feeling off.

Outside was exactly as expected. The crows and their strange stares had
indeed not been a sudden lapse of sanity or a mild case of alcohol
poisoning, because they were waiting for me.

They were not gathered in any way that would be immediately odd, like
sitting in a perfect circle or some demonic shape only discernible from
above. They were, however, everywhere. On the roof of the bike shed,
along the gutters, three on the swings, and several on the low wall by
the bins. 

A large one was standing on the paved path between the front door and
the utility building. 

It looked at me.

Then another turned its eyes toward me, and then another, until they
were all looking at me.

The crows were scattered into smaller groups and not perfectly aligned,
and you can’t tell exactly where their beady eyes are looking with any
exactness to speak of. It didn’t matter. I knew, and they knew. That was
enough to make the sweat start pearling on my forehead. 

They’re clever little birds, so one looking at you is pretty cool. A
handful feels like a warning. A group of this size borders a verdict
that is not going to be in your favour.

I took a demonstrative step forward anyway, because I was a grown man
carrying a bag of relatively disgusting laundry and there was only so
much of my life and time I was willing to surrender to birds. 

The door clicked shut behind me, and I felt the group of crows
tightening like the strings of a muscle.

I started walking cautiously. The absolute confidence I had felt before
regarding beating crows in a one-on-… many was not entirely gone yet,
but diminishing with each step.

The one on the path hopped sideways as I approached. Not away from me
exactly, but enough to make some more room. The movement of its head was
more reminiscent of an owl than a crow, since its eyes stayed glued to
me at the exact same angle throughout. When only a few steps remained
between us it opened its beak, wider with the closing distance, but made
no sound.

From somewhere to my left came a small giggle that made my heart jump
and my head turn fast. A woman was crossing the courtyard from the
opposing side, accompanied by a small child in a red raincoat even
though it hadn’t rained for days. The child pointed at the large crow
next to me with her free hand and again giggled with delight.

“Look, mamma,” she said. “So many!”

Her mother said something I couldn’t hear in a mixed tone of tired and
dismissive that I am pretty sure only parents can muster.

So, the crows were real, then.

The child kept looking over her shoulder at the crows as she neared her
building, and the crows kept looking at me.

I tried to walk normally. I readjusted the strap of the IKEA bag, and
then forced my shoulders to drop. Tried taking a deep breath without
making it too obvious. 

I did not make eye contact with the one on the path, or the row along
the gutters, or the three at the swings. I especially did not look at
the one that dropped down from the bike shed and landed with a soft,
heavy thud two meters in front of me. 

I stopped. Another breath.

It looked at me. I knew it did. I could feel it. I knew its feathers
lifted in the non-existent wind, its muscles tense and ready to act
whenever I messed up.

Messed up what? 

Behind me, the child let out another laugh before the door closed
audibly behind them, leaving me all alone again.

Something in the sound and the thought snipped the thin string that had
been keeping me together.

I ran.

It was not so much an active decision or rationale as it was my body
betraying me in the general direction of my destination, and I did not
object. One second I was standing with both feet planted firmly on the
stone, telling myself that I would not surrender to birds. The next, my
feet were hitting the ground hard enough to send shrill shocks of pain
up my shins, and the IKEA bag swung heavily as I moved and hit me with
every step.

The courtyard exploded, the air tearing itself open with the sound of
flapping wings.

The first crow hit the back of my head like a latex glove filled with
cotton and coins. Its claws skidded across my scalp and caught in my
hair. Someone let out a terribly embarassing scream. My free arm flung
out and connected with something solid enough to make a soft caw as air
escaped its lungs, but then another came at my face.

I ducked down and kept running.

A wing brushed past my ear. The hard and leathery rush made a sound that
was nothing short of enormous. 

Beaks clicked around me. 

Claws grasped at my arms. 

Something struck my shoulder.

Something else caught the band of the IKEA bag and stretched it far
enough to pull the nylon into the skin of my armpit, which created a
burning sensation that I could barely feel.

I kept running, and I knew it was stupid somewhere far away, in the
still clear yet distant part of my brain that had decided to go almost
completely dormant while allowing the dumb parts to narrate my death by
bird. 

I had seen nature documentaries. I used to consider myself quite
superior to rabbits and crows, in fact. I do not know if crows are
predators, but they were acting like it and that should have been
enough. Every fast and panicked movement turned me into the exact
delicacy that they wanted to chase.

The knowing did not matter since those thoughts were silenced by the
panicked muttering of the rest of my brain.

Thirty meters felt way longer than I expected. The path grew and
distorted into something longer than it had been moments before, the
painted brick walls of the building sliding further and further away
with each step.

I lifted my hand to knob height.

A crow landed on my back.

I felt its claws through the t-shirt, sharp and hot and horribly
precise. Its beak struck the side of my neck once, twice, deep enough to
make my vision blur with salty tears.

I slammed into the door shoulder-first, and the added weight of the IKEA
bag added enough force to send the crow flying. 

The door was locked.

For one very enlightened second, I made peace with my death. I would not
die heroically or tragically, not even interestingly. There would be few
to mourn me. I would die in semi-clean clothes outside the laundry
building, pecked to pieces by a murder of angry crows while a child in a
red raincoat was probably watching from a window.

Then I saw that the handle had not turned because the door was crooked.

I forced it down. The door opened inwards. 

I fell through the door and promptly threw myself against it from the
other side.

Something hit the glass hard and bounced back, then another and then
several at once.

The sound was awful not because it was particularly loud but because it
reeked of practical. Beaks on glass and claws against metal, body after
body hitting the door with a dull yet determined rhythm that could not
be matched by the best human soldier. They so badly wanted something,
and I guess that something was me.

I pressed my back to the glass and let my body slide down until my butt
rested against the cold floor, and let the IKEA bag do the same. It hit
the tile softly.

The crows kept hitting the door behind me.

If I turned my head, I could see them behind the wired glass: black and
fuzzy shapes made out of wings that folded and unfolded, eyes flashing
and glittering in small intervals between the little squares of
reinforcement. 

I laughed. It was thin and wet and maybe more a hiccup than a true
laugh. My heart was hammering so hard in my chest it was more comparable
to a wild beast than to a functional organ.

“Okay,” I said to no one. “Okay. Great. That happened.”

I reached my hands to my face. My scalp stung and my neck burned. I
trailed my fingers to where the beak had hit me and came away with a
soft, red smear on my fingertips that was deeply unhelpful to my
breathing.

I dragged my legs up and forced my head between my knees, or at least as
far as it would go. It’s one of those things they do in books that
annoyingly sometimes works in real life even though it looks like the
beginning of a poorly thought out practical joke. Ah yes just bend your
neck like so and SMACK!

I breathed heavily. In through my nose, two, three. Out through my
mouth, two, three. The air tasted of mixed detergents and fabric
softener that left a dry feeling on my tongue but a quite pleasant one
inside my nose.

After a while, the impacts behind me slowed. 

A few more scratches. A flap of wings. One final, sharp tap.

Then nothing.

I waited, then I looked.

The courtyard had again arranged itself into a picture of pure
innocence, just backdropped by crows. On the bike shed, along the
gutters, on the swings.

The large one sat still halfway between the utility room door and the
front door to my building, its eyes glued to me through the door.

I stayed on the floor for one more minute. I felt like I deserved it
after whatever the fuck that was.

Then I got up, and decided to at least do the laundry. I did not have a
lot of options. In fact I practically had two, since I had left my phone
in my apartment, and the least appealing one would be to go back
outside.

The laundry building had three doors from the entrance. The two opposing
rooms were for laundry and the one in front of the entry was a small
bathroom. Both of the actual laundry rooms had been modernised with
heavy gray doors and a small booking system that used the apartment key
to lock and unlock the door. 

The bright red light on the door, and the low industrial churn of a
machine running meant I wouldn’t be alone for long, and that calmed me. 

The room to the right was unoccupied. I stared at the green light for a
bit. The corridor was narrow and tiled halfway up the wall in fake
greige marble. The landlord had put up a reminder to clean after
yourself, and a clarification to always empty the lint filter. At least
two people had added their own exclamation points in different coloured
ballpoint pens after the first one.

From outside, there was a small tap at the glass.

I went into the unoccupied room.

The light flickered once when I flipped the switch, then settled into a
warm white light that made the room both too bright and not bright
enough. There were two washing machines, one dryer, a folding bench, a
rolling cart with a bent wheel, and a deep utility sink against the far
wall.

I kept the door open behind me as I walked over to the nearest machine.
That way, I would hear when whoever had booked the other room came back
and could avoid leaving this place alone. Since a booking usually lasted
for two hours and the machine was running, it would probably be soon
enough.

I shoved my clothes into the machine. Shirts, pants, socks, towel from
the bathroom floor, whatever. Inside it went, unsorted and pockets
un-emptied. 

My hands were shaking so bad I dropped the small box of detergent twice.

The machine gave a rude cheerful chirp as I turned it on. 

Water rushed into the drum and it began to spin, and as it did I felt my
body relax a little more with each circling. 

Everything would be fine. It was still daytime, somebody would come
shortly, and I could still finish one load of laundry. If not, I figured
I’d just leave it. Buying a couple of new clothing items was overdue
anyway. 

The silence was broken by the soft sound of running water going down a
drain, and it did not come from the washing machine this time.

I turned my head toward the sink.

There was a woman standing there, and that felt funny because I would
have heard if anyone entered. Wouldn’t I?

At first, I felt relieved.

She stood with her back to me, shoulders hunched forward as she worked
something under the tap. She was wearing a gray cardigan and a dark
skirt, her thin legs covered by beige support stockings. Her hair was
long and brown with distinct gray streaks running through it, tied into
a loose bun of impressive size at the back of her head.

All that is to say that she looked exactly like the type of woman you
would expect to find in a laundry room, and that turned the warm relief
into something cold and stiff.

I looked at the door. It was still open.

I looked back at her.

She kept washing.

Rub. Twist. Rinse.

The smell of detergent subsided and gave way to new undertones. Damp
fabric and green creek, old pipes and still-standing water.

I tried to remember if she could have been there when I came in. Maybe I
had simply been too busy trying to recover from my near-death-by-crows
to notice an entire human being standing a few meters away.

Nope. No way.

The woman’s hands moved quickly and skillfully. Whatever she was working
on was pale and limp and disappeared under her fingers whenever my eyes
tried to focus on it. Fabric, probably. A cloth. A blouse. A sheet. A
handful of blonde hair.

She rubbed it against itself with small, efficient motions. 

Rub. Twist. Rinse.

Rub. Twist. Rinse.

Water slapped against metal; her wrists turned and moved up and down.
The fabric bunched and stretched. The water ran clear until it ran pink,
but returned to its normal bubbly translucence the next time I blinked.

The woman wrung the fabric hard and it gave a soft, wet clicking sound. 

I took a step back. It created a weak echo between the walls of the room
in the pause between the rhythmic churns of the machine.

The woman stopped moving.

Not all at once, because her hands slowed first. The fabric followed
suit. Her shoulders rose a little as she tensed up, then relaxed again
as she lowered her now empty hands into the sink.

“You reek,” she muttered coldly.

For one stupid, grateful second, I thought she meant the clothes.

Her head twisted abruptly to the left, giving me a shallow view of her
right ear and part of her neck. Her skin was blotchy and gray.

“No.” She tasted the words and smacked her lips once. “You reek.”

I reflexively opened my mouth to say something, but didn’t get to find
the words before the world changed.

She moved.

There was no whoosh of air or any discernible unfolding of limbs. One
moment she was standing at the sink with her hands lowered and turned
away from me, the next the back of my head hit the tiles hard enough to
make me forget my name and where I was. I only saw the lights in the
ceiling like far-away shooting stars. My ears rang, and the breath I had
been in the middle of hitched in my chest.

She was straddling me with one knee on either side of my ribs, her
cardigan hanging loose around us like a deformed tent. It was
terrifyingly intimate the same way a gynaecological appointment probably
is. 

For a split second, I could see the same surprise that had left me
stunned wash over her face like a shadow. Then, her blue lips curled
upwards into an insidious smile, revealing her black and yellow teeth.
Her breath smelled dank and rotten.

She leaned in closer, and closer, and closer, until I could feel the
cold tip of her gray nose touch my neck where the crow had broken my
skin. 

Then she inhaled, long and slow.

Her lungs sounded wet.

I held completely still not because I chose to do so, but because my
body had run out of both energy and ideas.

“Mm,” she said. Her smirk widened and lifted her lips upwards, revealing
her pale and sickly gums. The smell of rot made me gag.

“You smell delicious.”

Her mouth remained open as if she had more to say, but then her head
twisted again. This time toward the door.

She tilted her head a little, and gave a little nod. Her face softened
and the smirk faded to a normal smile. Still rotten, but soft. Maybe
even a little friendly.

“Oh,” she said cheerfully, mostly to herself. “Duty calls.”

She released my wrists and stepped over me, grabbing the pale thing
between her hands. It was a striped light green dress shirt.

By the time my head was still enough to let me sit, she was already in
the corridor, whistling a song that echoed between the walls. The lights
out there seemed to flash as she walked by.

The washing machine chirped rudely again, but it sounded far away from
where I was lying. 

I turned my head slowly toward the round window, where my clothes were
spinning as if nothing had happened in water that looked as dark as my
soul felt.

Somewhere further away, something hard tapped against glass.

Not very loudly.

Just enough to remind me that the laundry would be done in thirty-seven
minutes, and I would still have to survive the trip home. 

I had a journal to read.
