So I first got sleep paralysis when I was 17 years old. And I remember
it very vividly. I don’t think I’ll ever forget it because it was so
surreal to me. It happened that summer of my senior year of high school.
I still remember waking up in the middle of the night, not being able to
move. I remember being so confused. I tried to get up, but my body was
stiff, paralyzed. I tried to move my arms and legs, and they just
wouldn’t work.

Then I started panicking but believing it’s all a bad dream. So I think
that, but I’m really awake, so it’s perceived as a never-ending
nightmare. At the same time, I tried screaming, and guess for who? Yeah,
big mommas boy here. I yelled for help, and all that came out was weird,
scary mumbling sounds, like my mouth had been sewn or stapled together.

I felt a very heavy presence, a weight on my body. I was cold and
sweaty, and yet the temperature in the room felt dense, hot, almost like
a sauna. I could feel the cold sweat, Behind my ears pressing on the
pillow, I could hear a distorted sound of like a ringing fan slowly
spinning. My best guess, my ears had popped.

I remember I tried to crawl away in a paralyzed, stiff position.I felt
numb and tingling like when your arm falls asleep. It was such a weird
place to be in, both physically and psychologically, because it was as
if my mind couldn’t keep up with my consciousness . Then what happened
next is something I will never forget. The experience was out of this
world. As I lay there, unable to move, with my mumbling sounds coming
out of my mouth, I felt like I was being lifted, suspended into the air
above my body and bed. The sensation I got all around my body and
stomach was that feeling of being scared of heights That’s the best I
can describe it.

What happened next: I was now looking at myself from above. I could see
myself laying in bed. I thought I had died. It was very strange seeing
myself just laying there. As if it was third person view, It was like
watching your kill cam in a video game. I was in one spot physically,
but my mind was in two places? I don’t know. Anyways, while being
suspended near the ceiling of my room, I traveled down the hall to the
kitchen i dont know how or why , and I remember being suspended in the
middle of the kitchen ceiling for what felt like forever.

Then I traveled back into my body. As I returned to my body, I could
hear distorted voices almost like whispers very deep and horrifying. As
I opened my eyes into reality, waking up, I could hear my mother calling
me I lay in bed.

I got up and was very weirded out by what had happened. I couldn’t
understand how she was there because I was alone not so long ago. I
guess this whole time, while I was in my sleep paralysis, I had been
mumbling for help, and she heard and got very worried and went to check
on me. That human intervention certainly helped.

Anyways, what followed after was just bad for me. This happened 3 nights
in a row. The second and third time, I was not able to “get out of my
body,” but I still got the creepy sleep paralysis sensation of the
living nightmare . Those nights to me felt like they were in a loop.
Repeating what had happened the night before. It got bad, I was scared
to go to sleep. I felt like if I fell asleep, it would just restart over
and over again. The lack of sleep that followed also created insomnia.

I had the idea that I wouldn’t get those nightmares if I didn’t sleep
long, so I tried sleeping less, but then that started messing with my
school stuff. I stopped skateboarding and I was uninterested in all my
hobbies. I couldn’t really concentrate. It’s like I wasn’t myself, as if
I was possessed or taken over by something. I became obsessed with that
experience. It pushed the boundaries of wonder i believe at some point i
lost that touch with reality. I started thinking i got some kind of
ability that others didn’t , I started isolating myself because whenever
someone asked what’s up, I’d bring it up because that was on my mind the
whole time.

This experience opened my mind to look into lucid dreaming, astral
projection, parallel universes, alternate realities, spirituality,
history, and to learn about space and time, mathematics geometry and
physics, even biology, trying to understand the nervous system and the
brain and how all of this is connected. Searching for that key. I know
it’s all because of this experience I was able to see. I overthought it,
I gave into it. I know it drastically shaped my life but i have come to
terms with it.
