My name is Joey and I am 8 years old and I am typing this on my mommys
laptop in her office. This site was open on her computer and it looks
like you all talk about things that are kinda scary so maybe one of you
can help me.

I need a grown up to help before my daddy gets home because I think he
might be mad at me when he comes back.

It started a few days ago with my walkie talkie. I was playing in my
room by myself when it turned on and started making a weird noise.

Then I heard the voice of a girl talking on it. She said she was my big
sister. I dont have a big sister because im a lonely child but she said
she WAS my big sister and i had to believe her because she needed my
help.

I asked her if she was my big sister, how come we had never met and she
said she was never born properly because she got sick before mommy could
have her.

I didnt believe her and I told her it was mean to play tricks on people
but she told me that if I didn’t I believe I should go and check for a
special photo in mommy’s drawer by her bed so I did.

I found it at the bottom of the drawer. It was a weird picture that she
said was a sunnygram that showed her in mommys tummy before she got
sick. It was weird looking but i kinda guess it looked like a baby. I
was born in 2017 but the number in the corner said that the picture was
from 2015 so it would make her my big sister i guess i dont know.

I asked her why she wasnt born and she said when she got sick in mommy’s
tummy the doctors made mommy take a bad medicine that took her to the
before place. I didn’t know what that was but she said it was the place
you live before you are born. She said it was dark there and they didnt
like it when people came back to the before place and they REALLY didnt
like it when people in the before place spoke to the alive people
because it broke the rules.

She said the worst thing was that the doctors got it wrong and that she
wasnt that sick at all.

She said it wasnt fair and she should have been born like the other boys
and girls but she said i could help her but we had to be quick so the
before people didnt notice.

She told me she had a secret.

I asked what it was and she said before she was sent back to the before
place mommy gave her a name. She said that daddy didnt know because he
didnt want to give her a name because then it would be too real. But
mommy did it in secret.

The girl said her name was Lily.

Lily told me she wanted to come back to this side so we could play
together. I dont like being a lonely child because mommy and daddy are
always busy with work things and never want to do fun things and i said
i would love it if she could come and play with me.

She said all i had to do to bring her back was remember the message. I
said what message Lily? And she said the message she left in mommys
tummy for me.

I said i didnt remember being in mommys tummy but she told me to close
my eyes and try as hard as i could to remember so i scrunched up my eyes
and tried and tried and tried. But i couldnt remember any message.

This made Lily sad. She said if i couldnt remember the message then she
couldnt come back and be my sister. She said the message she left me was
instructions and she left them specially for me so i could read them
when i grew in mommys tummy but i couldnt remember and i told her i was
really sorry.

Lily said maybe there was one more thing i could try. She said was daddy
home and i said no daddy was away with work so it was just me and mommy
in the house. Lily said this was good.

Then she told me what I had to do. It sounded really scary and i asked
if it would hurt mommy and lily said no silly. Mommy would be happy when
it happened because then she would have both her babys back just like
she was meant to.

Lily said we were helping mommy.

She said she would call me on the walkie talkie that night and help me
do it and until then i should just act normal and not tell mommy about
the surprise.

So for the rest of the day mommy and i had a normal day. We went to the
playground and went on the zippy wire and then mommy made me spagetty
for supper and then she let me watch some adventure time before bed.

She kissed me goodnight and i hugged her extra tight because even though
Lily said it wouldnt hurt i was scared because i had never done anything
like it before.

Mommy left and i must have fallen asleep because when the walkie talkie
made a noise again the house was dark and quiet.

Lily said it was time and i had to go down to the kitchen and get what
she told me. The house looked strange at night but i stayed brave and i
found it and i went up to mommys room as quietly as i could.

Mommy was sleeping. Lily told me on the walkie talkie that it wouldnt
hurt mommy and it would be like nothing ever happened. All i had to do
was stick it in once and i would find the message and then Lily would be
back and mommy would be okay. But when I used the knife on mommy she
woke up and she started screaming so loud and she was kicking and crying
and i said i was sorry mommy but as soon as i was done everything would
be okay.

There was blood but Lily said keep going. I dont know if Mommy could
hear Lily because of her screaming but after a little while i think she
went back to sleep and i could look properly where lily told me.

I found the words inside mommy. I peeled mommys tummy open like Lily
said. The letters looked old. They looked like the same skin on daddy’s
appendix scar. Like they had been there for a long time.

They said LILY WAS HERE.

I didnt understand the message and i grabbed my walkie talkie and tried
to call for Lily but she now its all quiet and she wont answer me
anymore. It’s just static.

Mommy is lying on her bed and she wont open her eyes or breathe and
there is blood everywhere and i dont know how to wake her up. Daddy will
be home from the train really soon so i need to fix mommy right now
before he finds out.

Can you help me? Do you know how to make mommy good again?

I dont think Lily was telling the truth.
