I once watched a man from across the field. I was 13, I am 36 now, and
spring had just graced the lands with its presence; and the many miles
of hay swayed in the wind as if they all were dancing to the delightful
songs of the birds. My life was cyclical in nature. Eat, work, sleep and
on Sundays I’d go to church with my parents. I loved going to that
little wooded shed in the center of town. Singing songs and reading
books weren’t strange there. I could be myself. I also felt a strong
connection with the Almighty. However, about a week before I watched the
man. I felt disturbed, the church felt empty despite the many filled
pews. It felt cold and faded, like an old flag after one too many
winters. 

It was a Sunday when I awoke, the grass was still glistening from the
morning dew. The smell of flowers and wood flooded my nostrils and the
air was bitter and sharp , yet I still endorsed its presence. Church was
not in session that day, for what reason I knew not, not at the time
anyway. When I mustered up the strength to abandon my dreary and restful
state, I dragged my feet to the barn. The large, maroon barn became my
own sort of church. There I could be alone. I was always the academic.
Most of the men in the village called me a girl, or said I was weak for
reading all day. However, within the confines of the barn, I was safe.
Mother and father seemed to have left for the morning market. I opened
the gate for the horses, as well as for the cows, and finally the
goats. 

Mother always told me to be wary of the goats. She said they’d vanish
and disperse in less time than it would take my eyebrow to furrow. Her
insistence on how careful I should be around the goats gave form to the
idea that there are more to them. I only took the goats out into the
plains once or twice a week and every time I would my Mother would pray
with me. We prayed every time the sun rose, however, on the days I was
the goat tender she’d pray longer than what was normal of her. 

I overheard Father mention they brought a certain feeling in the air
with them, the goats. Within myself the goats give way to a feeling of
belonging and warmth. A type of warmth and brotherhood I’ve never had
before. I felt a feeling akin to enlightenment and nirvana with the
goats.  I also never had a problem with a fleeing goat. It felt as if
the goats were my savior. Not in the literal sense but the emotional and
spiritual sense. 

The goats and I would walk and walk until we reached the plains, along
the edge of my town. This place of grass and elation seemed to be in a
world of its own. The wind smelled different and the church bells were
inaudible here. In fact, the steeple was little more than a twig in the
distance. 

The wind seemed to curse in my ear when I saw him. I had just sat below
my favorite oak. When I watched as a figure took shape a mere thirty
yards away. I was unsure if my presence to him was known; if it were
unknown, I intended to keep it as such. The man, whose face I never
could make out, wore red robes with a tall pointy hat, also in red.
Simultaneously, I heard a whisper in my ears. Voices, many in number,
overlapped and mixed together to form an indecipherable amalgamation of
syllables and sounds.

Thirty yards away I was, but I never could get a clear image of his
face; just as I painted a picture in my cerebrum of his likeness, his
face would seem to warp with such disdain and rot. He as a person, I
could tell, was immoral and the whispering grew louder. He came with no
other man but instead with a goat. Fearing he had stolen one of mine or
one had run away, I began to stand up. My feet, however, disagreed with
this sentiment and remained perfectly still. Along with the rest of my
functions. 

A slight relief was realized once I noticed the color of this goat.
Black. I own not a single black goat, only whites and browns. The man
then stopped, and the goat did with him. However, the goat did not bend
down to eat the fields of straw before him. The goat didn’t move. From
the man’s robes, he pulled out a small shiny object. Only the size of
his hand, I’d say. The true form of the object and the man’s intentions
were crystal clear once he raised the tool to the sky and said these
words. 

And so the throne was exalted to a new leader,

The one who checked the King and was banished,

He and his swarm of all things corrupt and vile,

Hath taken victory of the white light,

And now the land above is silent,

The true king, the true father, the self-righteous savior shall bear
witness,

For this I give to you,

In one swift motion he pierced the side of the goat, and as if in
agreement, the goat lay down. The man now spoke in a tongue never heard
before by my ears. It was as if he spoke in hieroglyphs and forsaken
saints. The whispering grew into strained speak. As if someone were just
beside me talking to me. 

He consumed the brain, eyes, and liver of the goat in meticulous
fashion. It was nearly noon now; I’d been watching the man for an hour
slowly dissect every morsel of goat he had consumed. Once he had
finished, he gazed upon the heart and took one, slow, intimate bite. He
placed it upon the ground in an intentional fashion. Like it mattered
where the heart fell. The once whispers were now full screams in my
ears. I could tell they cursed and cried and hated despite not making
out a single word besides “dead”. He now was turned in such a way that I
couldn’t tell what he was doing. He seemed to play in the desecrated
goat carcass. 

Then he stood, with his back facing me, and slowly, ever so slowly, he
turned around to face me. He wasn’t merely looking in my direction; he
saw me, my heart, my soul. And with the wave of three fingers, three of
my goats had fled towards him. With only one touch of his hand, the
goats turned coal black. The man then, as quickly and silently as he
came, left the pasture. As soon as his hat was not visible, the screams
halted. I could now only hear the wind and the bleats from my remaining
goats. 

What I saw where he once stood was the goat’s intestines and viscera
fixed in a star of 5 points within a circle. The ground within the
circle had been singed and what was left of the goats heart lied in the
middle. Strangely and morbidly, I felt compelled to take a bite of the
organ. It was such an intense and hot feeling that I submitted. It was
as if just being near the sigil was waning on my sanity already. One of
the hind legs of the unfortunate bastardized goat was broken completely
off of the corpse and fixed to the other in an inverted cross. Not in a
clean way that a butcher might do it, but in a savage and disheartening
manner. You could tell the leg had been mangled off.  What was left of
the goat was twisted and mangled into a nearly unrecognizable form. It
was unnatural how the poor goat was transformed. 

Mother asked where three of my goats had gone, my mouth could form
nothing but lies as I stated that they had run away. I didn’t like to
lie to her, she told me God didn’t like it, however I didn’t feel bad
about this lie, it didn’t feel wrong.  She commanded me to read my bible
until she told me to stop. However, when I went to open my bible the
pages cried and disintegrated into ash. I feel as though the man watches
over me always. I feel as though he is waiting for me.

When Mother died I stopped going to church; I didn’t feel welcome, I
only would go to make her happy. The members of the church were kind,
but I felt there was no purpose in going. I prayed to what seemed like a
wall. The last time I dragged myself to the altar, I had a vision. It
was more surreal and crisp than if I had witnessed it with my own eyes.
I saw another man, one who was blooded and disheveled and ultimately
deceased. In his right hand was a ball of black light, not darkness, but
a dark and grotesque black light. Carved into his other hand was the
same depiction of a star within a circle that I saw those many years ago
with the goats. I still take the goats out till this day but I no longer
feel the warmth within them, instead an unnatural chill . A chill of
pure pain and dismay. Why is it when I pray, I only hear myself? I once
watched a man from across a field, and I believe Our Father’s robes are
now stained red.
