Slate™ ACCOUNT STATUS
Balance: $53,750.12 — Processing…  
Credit score: 579
Risk Profile: ELEVATED

Somehow I’m worse off than before. I sift through the transactions: 

+$1200 (incursion fines) +$500 (legal engagement fee) +$1,467.98
(interest) +$500 (unauthorized risk advisory fee) +$800 (co-tenant
disturbance fee)

I raise an eyebrow at the last one.

My fingers tap out the message to Clara:

“What is an unauthorized risk advisory fee?”

Clara: “Sure, let me look into that for you.”

Clara: “It looks like you consulted a law firm regarding your account
with Slate™.”

“And I can’t do that?”

Clara: “No, Arthur, you can’t.”

A cold fist closes around my insides.

“Let me speak to a human.”

Clara: “Would you like to speak to a Slate™ agent?”

“Yes.”

My screen immediately lights up with an eleven-digit phone number with… 

“No one”

Not “unknown caller,” or “unavailable.”

No one is calling me.

I answer, hold it to my ear.

“…if I don’t get the Wilson account resolved by 2:14, then I’m not going
to make it to 2:14, and then it’s 2:14 again, and I can’t keep doing
2:14. I’ve already done 2:14 today six times—”

The voice is familiar, like the agent I first spoke with when I signed
up, but her pre-approved responses are all gone. It sounds like she’s
panicking over… time?

“…And I told him, Kevin, I can’t keep covering his calls at 2:14 because
I have my own calls at 2:14 to deal with—”

She pauses, I press the volume up button on the side of the phone.

“That’s what I told him! But he didn’t even care! He said if the list
wasn’t cut in half by the end of the day that he’s moving my desk again,
third time this month, and it keeps getting smaller, I used to have room
for my knees and now I don’t have room for my knees and now I don’t have
room for my knees—”

Suddenly Jessica is caught in a shrinking loop.

“…and now I don’t have room for my knees, room for my knees, for my
knees, my knees, knees, knees, knees, knees, knees, knees, knees, knees,
knees—”

The voice keeps looping, my blood curdles. It’s still going when I pull
the phone from my ear and hangup.

The screen shuts off and the phone slips from my hand, thuds on the
floor beside my bed. I stare up, watching the rattan ceiling fan spin.

It’s been a week since I crossed the optimization barrier. I’ve avoided
the tenants at every corner. Eating out for every meal, showering at the
gym I make a monthly $35 donation to. I bought a cheap record player and
headphones so I can at least enjoy something when I’m forced to sit in
my room alone at night with my thoughts.

But they never stray far from the curtain, from what’s behind it, from
my balance that just keeps climbing with cold bureaucratic indifference
or Jessica’s knees and the washing machine’s song.

“What the hell is happening?” I say under my breath.   

I hear my phone vibrating on the floor. But don’t bother checking it. It
goes still, then rings again. 

BZZZT. BZZZT. BZZZT. BZZZT. 

After the third call, my tolerance snaps like a #2 pencil. Finally, I
sit up on the edge of my bed, bend and pluck the phone from the ground.

Mick.

Mick’s an old coworker I kept in touch with for two decades too long
after I left construction. He’s a great time but a liability. 

A couple things can happen when you go out with Mick—and I know he’s
going to ask me to hit the bars tonight—either you get in a fight
because of him or he gets into a fight, always over something stupid
like a sports team on a jersey or spilled drink. 

Maybe another time he’ll snag two beautiful gals for the two of you to
hang on your arm for the night. Other times you end up being shoved into
the back of a cop car‌.

I feel like everybody has a friend like Mick. They’re way too much to be
around so you gotta take them in small doses, only open the door and
invite them over when you want to shake things up in your life a little.

The point is, I stupidly pick up the phone, because how great would it
be to get out the house for the night and wingman with Mick. 

“Wow. She really bent over like she was gonna show you her asshole and
screamed at you cellphone-ese?”

Mick leans against the counter and waves down the bartender.

“Listen, Art, I don’t know why you haven’t just gone in there and torn
that wall down.”

I haven’t told him everything about the bureaucratic box from hell I’m
trapped in, only the strange details that make for hilarious bits when
stripped of any horrific context.

two shots hit the counter in front of me, followed by another two shots.

We clink glasses. I take slug after slug to the liver. Pretty soon the
room is spinning. Someone says Metallica sucks and sets off Mick. The
bartender argues with us for too long before yelling that we’re cut
off. 

Neon bar signs smear past in glowing technicolor as wobbly legs carry me
down the sidewalk. We get thrown out of one bar after the next until we
finally give up. 

I park my bottom on the lot’s curb while Mick paces.

“Let’s just grab some beer and party back at your place,” he says,
flicking his cigarette butt to the asphalt before stomping it.

“No way,” I say, “let’s go to yours.”

“In between spots, man, my whole life is parked in a storage unit.”

“We can’t go to my place,”

“Why not?” Mick presses.

“There’s nowhere to hangout even, they took my living room.”

“Why don’t you tear that optimization thing or whatever down?”

“I’d get in legal trouble,” it’s a reduction, but it’s true.

“What if someone else, say—” he shrugs, “broke into your house and tore
it down of their own volition?”

“That’s ridiculous…” the words trailing off.

Would I be liable for that?

He tilts his head, points a finger at me, and grins. His silhouette’s a
shadowy gunman in the bar’s neon glow. 

“I’ll do it for $100.”

I say nothing. 

“Nah… I’ll do it for free.”

Mick mimes firing his finger at me, complete with sound effects. 

“Nobody even has to know I was there.”

20 minutes later, we’re parked down the street in Mick’s truck.

He climbs out and jumps into the truck’s bed. It rocks back and forth. I
don’t know if it’s the truck moving or the crazy thing we’re about to
do, but my stomach keeps expecting bad news.

The passenger door shuts softly behind me. 

“Hey.” Mick calls from the tailgate. “Which one do you think I’ll need?”

He holds up a 4lb sledge in his left, and 8lb in his right. Before I can
answer he tosses the 4lb in the bed of his truck and laughs.

“You know, I-I don’t think this is such a great idea anymore—” I
protest.

“Fuck that man. Whose name is on the deed?”

“Mine is.” 

But they own what I own.

He closes the gap between us and plants a hand on my shoulder.

“Hey,” he says, suddenly serious, holding my gaze. “It’s gonna be fine,
man.”

For one second, I actually believe him, and I’m reminded why I’ve always
kept Mick around. He’s always there when it counts.

Mick swings the hammer back and forth as we walk, rests it over his
shoulder while I unlock the front door and twist the knob. It yawns
open. The hallway stretches. The outside breeze kicks up the edges of
the yellow notices pinned to the wall.

There’s over a hundred now. They look like dry, peeling skin flakes. I
grab one and start skimming. My eyes dart across line after line. 

“Hey Art, they’re not even here!”

I look up and realize Mick has vanished. The red curtain sways slightly.
My phone vibrates against my leg.

“Mick,” I say, “I-I changed my mind, man.”

I step inside the living room, my phone reacts by buzzing.

“Check this out,” he says, balancing the hammer.

“I call this one ’the best hundred bucks I never charged you.”

Mick grunts and winds up. The steel head flashes, humming through the
air, before a dull crunch like a dry melon splitting fills the air.

BZZZT.

Panic begins to claw its way up out of my throat. 

“M-M-M-Mick—”

 Mick lets out a drunken whoop and balances the hammer over his head
again.

My eyes frantically scan the yellow notice until finally. 

Section 14(e) - Third-Party Structural Intervention.

In the event an unauthorized third party attempts to access, remove, or
compromise any part of the Optimization Barrier without prior written
consent from Slate™, all resulting structural, material, or personal
damages shall be covered under the Account Holder’s existing Asset
Protection Policy.

The hammer whines through the air, smashing into the wall. I flinch, and
so does my phone. 

BZZZT.

Mick pulls free the hammer’s head as chunks of drywall and dust rain
down to the floor. Knots of wire and tangled cable spill out from the
hole. The hallway’s light presses through a small, baseball-sized hole
from the other side.

The Account Holder assumes full liability for the conduct of any third
party present on the premises during a breach event.

The hammer slices the air with another metallic whine, ending in a dry
crunch—the loudest one yet. A large section of the wall folds. Mick
frees the hammer, and more debris falls, covering the floor in white
dust.

BZZZT.

The wires, there’s too many of them, none of them even the right kind,
one a ribbon cable, another is an HDMI.

“Three little pigs never met me!” Mick whoops.

Compensation for such damages may include the reallocation of any and
all applicable assets—physical, structural, biological—necessary to
restore the Optimised dwelling to full compliance.

Mick balances the hammer over his shoulder, breathing heavy.

“This is—kind of hard when you’re drunk.”

He winds up the hammer one last time.

Heavy footsteps thud toward us. The red curtain flashes, and The
Handyman is across the room instantly. That fucking movement again, like
the space between Mick and the curtain just didn’t happen. 

The hammer is ripped out of Mick’s hand before either of us can read
what’s happened. Mick loses balance, stumbles back. The Handyman’s back
is to me. All I can do is watch as Mick’s face speed-runs through all
five stages of grief. 

BZZZT.

I hear it before I see it—the sledgehammer howling through the air,
pitch keening like an incoming missile. The sickening crunch of steel
against bone. I look away just as the inside of Mick’s skull sprays out
the back of his head and paints the wall in a giant red fan.

My stomach folds into itself, like someone’s packing it into a box
that’s too small.

I hear a heavy thump as Mick hits the ground, the heavy packing sounds
of the hammer coming down over and over again. 

Every blow sends a violent jerk through his body. Every wet crunch
flecks me with warm dots of red.

My knees fail me. My consciousness lags behind my eyes. My vision starts
to dissolve at the edges into static, the room’s shadows getting darker,
spreading like a black mold.

You’ve got to move, Arthur.

BZZZT.

Move. Move. Move—

It rings in my mind over and over, growing in volume, rising in pitch
until it’s a grating, tensile frequency. 

Move. Move. Move. Move— 

My mind stops running ahead long enough for my body to finally catch up.

My heart thrashes like it’s looking for a way out. I try to crawl toward
the curtain, but my limbs are useless twigs. 

The entire room to my right is just a red smear in my periphery.

There’s a heavy metallic thud on the hardwood, and footsteps begin
stalking toward me. 

I crawl faster, my muscles protesting. I pull myself through the
curtain. The sight of my bedroom door jolts my legs back online and I
lunge towards it.

The Handyman’s bloodstained face busts through the curtain. I slam the
door and lock it just as his fist comes down on the wood. The door slams
against the frame, shaking the whole house.

I look down and realize I’m still clutching something in my right hand.
A yellow notice, covered in red.

I fling it away. Wipe my hands down the front of my shirt. Then I recall
the murderer stalking outside my bedroom door. 

BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM—

I drag my dresser across the wall, barricading the door. 

BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM—

The door flexes, a crack splits through the frame. 

The knocking quits. 

There’s a slight pause before I hear his heavy footsteps trailing away
from my door.

The silence allows my shoulders to drop an inch, and I release a breath
I didn’t know was trapped in my chest.

BZZZT.

A stack of notifications is waiting for me when I check my phone.

Slate™: Unauthorized breach detected. 
“Section 14(e) violation in progress. Immediate remediation required.”

Slate™: Estimated repair cost.
“$184,750.89. Failure to remit payment within 24 hours will result in
account default.”

Slate™: Your account is about to default.
“Defaulting on your account will trigger immediate acceleration of your
full remaining balance ($53,750.12) plus applicable penalty APR (410%).”

Slate™: Please remain calm, Arthur.
“Our team is currently assessing available assets for reallocation.”

I hear a muffled, sickening crunch outside my door. The sound travels
all the way through the floorboards and up through my soles.

The phone slips out of my fingers and hits the ground.

I stare at the door, pulse slamming in my throat.

Then, it thumps through the house again. 

My door rattles against the frame. I flinch at every impact.

Heavy packing sounds, wood groaning, dull snapping.

The violence stops, and my phone vibrates at my feet.

I kneel and pluck it from the ground.

Slate™: Structural remediation complete. 
“Third-party asset successfully reallocated to satisfy outstanding
damages.”

Slate™: Thank you, Arthur.
“Your account is now current.”

I sit with my back against my dresser, staring into nothing, refusing to
put the pieces together in my head. Because then it becomes something
whole, something real.

Every little sound is torture—pipes ticking, a floorboard settling. My
phone dies. I left the charger in the kitchen. My bladder screams at me
to get up and do something, anything besides roll over and piss myself.

I push the dresser back into its home, grab the handle, and twist.

The door opens with a pained creak. The sound is like a violation of the
quiet itself.

The air in the hallway is frigid. AC, cranked and humming. The red
curtain is still. My eyes scan the wall and spot a new section of
drywall, fresh mud and paint.

My foot inches forward. A piece of drywall crunches between my heel and
the hardwood.

I freeze, my eyes dart to the curtain, waiting for The Handyman to
appear from the other side of the room the way he does, traveling
without transit, just like the bus stops, you blink, and then he’s at
the next one.

Without meaning to, I’ve crossed the hall, and I’m facing the new
section of wall when… I notice something beneath the paint. I reach out
and touch the wall, and it smears away, revealing something dark and wet
underneath.

I look at my hand, white paint, with red mixing into pink. 

My eyes begin to pick out a shape in the dark, an uneven bulge from the
drywall here and there. I trace the outline of a boot. A boot that turns
into legs, legs that fold into a mangled body, and a body that bends
wrong into broken arms and fingers.

Something behind my sternum pulls tight like shrink wrap.

I stare for too long at the grotesque smear of wet paint. The lower half
of Mick’s face—or what’s left of it—gapes back at me, a mess of bloody
pulp, painted tongue draped over cracked, jagged teeth. Mick, foisted
into the optimization barrier, blood, plaster, and paint, all mixing
into one amalgamation of sheetrock and gore. 

I don’t even notice my bladder quitting on me, just a sudden warmth
pooling in my jeans.
 
There’s a yellow sticky note:

“Load-bearing again :)”

The air in the hallway thickens into packing foam, and breathing becomes
manual labor. 

I stumble to the bathroom, every joint negotiating the next movement
until they knuckle under my weight. 

My retches echo off the tile as I empty my stomach in the bowl. Cold
sweat soaks my clothes, and I fold around the toilet, body pressed
against the cold linoleum floor, shivering.

What the fuck did I agree to? 
BZZZT.

Slate™ ACCOUNT STATUS
Balance: $184,750.89 — Processing… 
Credit score: 603
Risk Profile: HIGH

My life is being horrifically streamlined. 

Slate™ keeps ‘optimizing’. 

The Handyman keeps replacing. 

The Homemaker keeps mending. 

Pretty soon it—my life—won’t belong to me anymore.

“Pretty soon,” like I’m not already living it, I own the least amount of
stock in myself now.

I watch The Handyman from the kitchen table, cold brew from the grocery
store sweating in my glass. Irish cream. Rat free. 

The Handyman’s just frozen in the hallway, staring at a picture of me
and my ex in Maui surrounded by vines. 

Weronika. Polish, blonde, completely out of my league. Mick introduced
us at a party one night. Dragged me mid-conversation to another room and
stuck me right in front of her.

“This guy works in IT too.”

The Handyman slowly raises a hand to the picture frame, pushing the left
side up a few degrees.

There he goes again, being handy.

“Is that all?”

Heat climbs my neck as if someone just opened a furnace behind my teeth.

“Anything else around here that looks busted to you?” 

The Handyman looks at me, then back to the photo. He zeros in on a point
and stares forever, then looks back at me and answers like a survey.

“Thank you for your feedback.” 

He turns, walks down the hall, arms straight, and disappears behind the
curtain where he’ll probably play possum until he finds something to fix
or I upset Slate™ again.

My phone buzzes against the table.

The screen lights up and that 800 number from “No one” flashes like a
warning.

Cold sweat beads along my forehead. I stare at the caller ID, almost let
it go to voicemail, then at the last second, I snatch it from the table
and hit answer.

“Hey, Arthur?” Says Jessica.

“Yeah?”

There’s a pause. She inhales through her teeth.

“Sorry. Bad news.”

There’s another pause. My body starts to brace before my brain knows
why.

“Just so you know, this call is being recorded for quality assurance and
asset tracking purposes.”

“uhh, okay.”

“So, I’m just gonna read how it’s written.” She starts, and I imagine
gum smacking. 

“Per Internal Risk Analysis, your account has been flagged as a
compliance liability due to recurring unauthorized incidents and reduced
repayment velocity.”

There’s another pause, and I hear another voice in the call’s
background, like Jessica has her hand over the mic and is talking to her
coworker.

“—quorantine—collecting—”

“Hello?” I pry.

“One moment, sir.”

“gasoline—guillotine”

And then, like she flipped a switch.

“Sorry about that. To offset this risk and accelerate your path to
resolution, Slate™ will be enrolling you in SLAP, a supplementary labor
allocation program, effective immediately.” She sucks in more air. “This
program utilizes dormant, non-productive hours to generate additional
account credit at no cost to you.”

The silence gains square footage. The phone feels too heavy in my hand.

“A second job?” I say.

“Yep.”

“No,” I voice, “why would I do that?”

“Well, Art. According to Section 11(b)—”

I cut her off.

“Section 11(b) can suck my b—”

Then, a realization settles over me.

“What did you just say?” It comes out low and measured.

“Well, Arthur. According to—”

“No, you just called me Art.”

“No, I most certainly called you Arthur.”

My jaw ratchets shut.

“Don’t you fucking—”

She doesn’t let me finish.

“I understand your frustration, Arthur. SLAP is a tough program. But I’m
here to help you. I’m going to have to ask you to control your
emotions.” 

The words spill out in one long string.

“No!” I blurt. “I’m not the crazy one here! You c-c-called me—the other
day ranting about 2:14, and your desk shrinking and start glitching
about not having any room for your knees—”

The voice on the other line explodes.

“Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!”

The words distort with each iteration, their pitch keening violently.

“Shut up! Shut up! Shut u—”

Before I can say anything else, Jessica cuts to jazz fusion mid-scream. 

I’m on hold now, I guess. 

A fresh voice joins the call seconds later—male, disinterested, snacking
on something crunchy.

“Hey, Arthur. Sorry about all that.”

“Where’s Jessica?” I press.

“Reallocated.”

“What?”

“Dished out, issued, portioned—”

“W-w-w-wha—”

“Dispensed—” 

The voice on the other line exhales.

“Listen, did she read all this to you already? The SLAP? Because I have
a lot of calls to get to.”

Like he’s the exhausted one.

“Yeah, and I bet they’re all at 2:14.” I mutter.

The silence stretches into something thin and tensile. I have to pull
the phone away from my ear to make sure the call’s still connected.

The chewing stops, and his voice changes tone.

“Who told you about that?” 

A cold noose tightens around my throat.

Then, through clenched teeth. Louder, more distorted, swallowing the
microphone.

“Who—the fuck—told you about that?”

“J-J-J-Jessica.”

His tone flips again, back to customer service.

“Oh! That’s fine then. Jessica’s toast.”

“She’s what?”

“Reallocated.”

My mind wrestles with itself, trying to resolve “toast” but just ends up
more confused. 

“Hey, Art.”

My insides turn into minced lunch meat.

“Good luck with your new job.”

Click.

By the time I get home from work, the sun is already setting, and I’ve
almost entirely forgotten about that weird phone call from this morning.

I unlock the bolt and reach for the doorknob, but my hand barely makes
it.

God flips a switch, and the sky goes black. 

One second, all pink and orange fire, the next, full dark.

I’m still screaming when it’s over, my outstretched hand trembling over
the cold metal doorknob.

A few seconds later, my phone vibrates against my leg. two new
notifications.

RAINFOREST™: PERFORMANCE SUMMARY.
PRODUCTIVITY: 126%
ACCURACY: 98%
HOURS: 7.5

“Look at you go, associate #10945607.”

Slate™: You’re on a roll, Arthur!
“$187.36 has been credited to your account”

It’s not a blackout. A blackout would have been a blessing. And it
doesn’t even last a full second. Instead, all eight hours hit me at once
like pure corporate hell compressed into a single bullet and delivered
to the back of my head. 

Imagine working an entire shift at 57,600× speed. That’s what they did
to me. 

My brain detonates—buzzes over ticks over beeps over whirring conveyors
over machinery whining over pallets stacking over shrieking break bells
over forklifts honking over the intercom paging non-stop all HR and
sunshine: 

“Rainforest thanks you for working hard! Rainforest thanks you for being
safe!

Every single grating tone a sorting center produces, all stacked into an
incomprehensible wall of noise assaulting my senses in one instant.

My body catches up a split second later. 

Grabbing the doorknob is all that keeps me from falling down and busting
my head open on the steps. 

Still, my legs betray me, and my knees slam down on the welcome mat. A
gasp rips out of me, one hand clutching my chest as my heart jackhammers
against my ribs.

I experience the full spectrum of bodily articulation without the buffer
of time to protect my brain or muscles.

I’m possessed, my hands on autopilot—scanning, lifting, taping,
stacking—all felt through involuntary muscle memory, like I’m a
passenger in my own fucking body.

Scan, tape, lift, stack, scan, tape, lift, stack, scan, tape, lift,
stack, scan, tape, lift, stack, scan, tape, lift, scan, tape, lift,
scan, tape, lift, scan, tape, scan, tape, scan, tape, scan, scan, scan,
scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan, scan— 

The screaming stops only when my lungs run out of air. I sit there
silently for too long, shaking, every muscle waiting for instructions to
open my front door and fall through it.

I can still smell hydraulic fluid and taste cardboard dust coating my
mouth as I drag myself along the hardwood floor. 

Gravity collects interest. My muscles clock out. I pass out in front of
my bedroom door and wake up four alarms too late to a nearly dead phone
and sunlight stabbing my eyes through the little window of my front
door.

I don’t know if I just chose the wrong day to be late or if my boss is
just tired of my declining performance. I apologize over and over,
pouring out a diluted excuse for taking on a second job to make ends
meet.

That I can reduce this bureaucratic nightmare to a simple excuse like
“I’m just overworked.” is both impressive and terrifying.

I think my brain is still buffering. 

Slate™.

The Handyman.

The Homemaker. 

Mick. 

My mind is still frozen. Refusing to move past all of them while my body
keeps building pallets from cardboard boxes of packaged trauma higher
and higher until it’s tilting dangerously.

It happened again that evening. Even though I’m expecting it to, it’s
still like stepping off a subway platform as the 6 o’clock screeches to
a halt with me in pieces underneath it and everyone screaming.

I hesitate. My hand dithers near the doorknob. My thoughts queue up in a
line and jam ‌into one another until finally.

“Fuck it,” I say under my breath.

Same as yesterday, the second my fingers touch the metal, I’m hit by the
download. The world skips 1,727,970 frames, and I’m still screaming
blood and gore when it’s over.

My skeleton is suddenly itemized, and I collapse through the front door
into a boneless wreck.

BZZZT. BZZZT.

I don’t have to read what they say. My brain summarizes their contents
for me without looking.

“Hey, Arthur. Just a reminder, you belong to us.”

I try to push myself up, but my limbs have all forgotten whose turn it
is. Instead, I just roll over to my back and rest my head on the
hardwood, dozens of yellow notices crinkling beneath me.

My eyes slowly peel open, and in the lamplight of the kitchen table, I
see my copy of ‘Pet Sematary’ nestled in slender hands. 

Church, the cat, hisses from the cover, all whiskers and teeth. The
title glows yellow. 

After a moment, something occurs to me. The letters match my
perspective. 

Everything else is inverted.  

The Homemaker sits upside down in the corner, book in hand, just a black
silhouette, her eyes glowing like knife points, the light behind her
stretching up toward the shadows.

Slowly, she sets the book down on the table, then stands. 

I squeeze my eyelids shut. 

Just make it quick.

But only silence follows the thought. I peek through one eye. The
Homemaker is still frozen in the same space.

A finger twitches, and then her body twists 90°, walks over to the sink.
Her silver eyes locked on ‌me, neck craning in a way that makes my spine
itch.

She grabs a hand towel from the drawer and runs water over it. 

I watch helplessly, like a spider on the ceiling. 

She turns off the faucet, then makes her way toward me, her footsteps
completely silent. 

I squeeze my eyes shut as my stomach slowly fills with wet concrete.

An eternity passes where nothing happens. When I finally open my eyes,
she’s towering over me. 

My lungs shrink into smaller and smaller breaths as panic sets in. I
want to scream, want to get up and run, but my muscles have become
spectators.

She skips frames, and her knees hit the floor, as if I blinked and
missed the entire motion.

She reaches for my face, and my spine goes stiff, my body leaning away
from her without budging. I feel her fingers thread into the hair on the
back of my neck and begin shaking uncontrollably.

Gently, she lifts my head from the hardwood, and something cold and wet
brushes across my forehead, down my nose and cheeks, over my lips and
chin. 

The Homemaker meticulously cleans my neck and face with the damp rag.

I go still, my eyelids growing heavier with every stroke, opening less
each time they do. I don’t notice when she stops, only when she comes
back to tuck a pillow under my head and drape a blanket over my frame.

I’m about to drift off when I feel a presence hovering over my ear.

“You’re on a roll, Arthur.” She whispers, breath hot and wet. 

“Your credit score has jumped 6 points in the last month.”

PART 1
