Hey guys, strange things have been happening to me lately, I’ve had some
very weird nightmares about owls and bats and strange creatures in the
night, I even found a couple of them INSIDE my home. I haven’t slept in
God knows how long.

I couldn’t tell what was happening to me until I read the last part of
this diary, do any of you know if this is real?? Please let me know if
you have any information about it, my life is a mess ever since I
started reading this shit and I think I’m in danger.

A couple of weeks ago I went to a flea market upstate and picked up this
cool looking diary, the vendor said it’s of a PI from the 30s and after
reading a bit of it I was really bought in, but when I got to the
end…I’ll leave it here.

“November 15, New York.

I can’t deal with this rotten rain anymore, it gets everywhere: your
coat, your hat, your shirt…your fuckin’ underwear. It has rained
non-stop for a week now, I forgot what the sun looks like and I can’t
wait to see it again.

However, I got an interesting new client today, the glamorous…

“Miss Petra, how do you do?”

“Pleased to meet you Miss Petra…how can I help?”

“I heard you’re the best at what you do…is that true?”

Miss Petra was quite the broad, she had a piercing blue set of eyes, if
you looked at them too long your hairs would stand on guard, as if
someone had dropped a bucket of ice on ya.

“Well, I’m not sure about that…”

Her plump red lips were hypnotizing, you just couldn’t help yourself but
listen.

“…But I assure you, Miss…”

“Petra.”

“Right, Miss Petra, I assure you that I can get the job done fair and
square.”

Her short hair with a fringe was as black as the cloud covered skies,
the cigarette smoke around her painted her in some kind of glowing aura.

“Yes, I heard that too. You’re not a disgraced or corrupt police officer
turned PI as all the others, correct?”

“That’s right ma’am. I served my country proudly, did some years in the
force and ended up here.”

She was a walking hourglass wearing a tight dress that cost more than my
rent. Her general appearance was a punch to the face compared to my
rundown, dusty and neglected office she was sitting in.

“Well then, just what I’m looking for.”

She put a cigarette in her mouth, making me wish I was the butt of it.

I kindly leaned over my desk and offered a light.

Drag. Puff. Eye contact.

“My husband is missing.”

The entire world just about crumbled over me in that moment.

“He’s a particular guy, he doesn’t really talk or go out much. I do that
for the both of us.”

“So it’s unusual for him to disappear.”

“That’s right.”

 “Well, Miss Petra, I don’t think it’ll be too difficult to find your
husband. A guy that doesn’t talk or go out much gets noticed, even in a
big town like New York.”

“So you’ll take my case?”

She could have asked me anything and I would have said yes without even
thinking.

“Sure, why not?”

“Oh that’s just swell Mr. Marlowe! I’ll be sure to pay double your
rates, I need my husband back as soon as possible.”

“Oh ma’am that’s not necessary, really, I do this to hel-“

“Nonsense.” She shut me up.

“I insist, you must take this money, it’s part of our deal.”

Who was I kiddin’. A smoking hot broad making eyes at me AND a hefty bag
of change? Who knew heaven would show up on a rainy November day.

I accepted the case and after getting some more information from Petra,
along with a healthy first check, I immediately set to work.

First stop, the station. Nobody in New York comes or goes without
passing through there.

The rain was still pounding, obviously, but I must admit, it didn’t
bother me that much. Every time I blinked I saw those beautiful blue
eyes staring at me. Made me feel funny and made the rain feel less like
a burden.

I made my way over to Giorgio’s, if this guy came through here, he’d
know.

“Hello Giorgio, how’s it going?” I could barely hear myself through the
rush-hour.

“Mr. Marlowe how do you do?” He greeted me with a big smile on his face.

“Say, pal. Did you by any chance see a tall pale guy move through?
Quiet, jumpy, shy?”

“Wow Mr. Marlowe, getting straight down to business eh? New case?”

“I find it hard to believe it myself pal, this gorgeous blue eyed, black
hair, hourglass bird lost her hubby.”

“Really?…wow…what was her name again Mr. Marlowe?”

“Uh…Miss Petra, that’s right.”

A surprise look took over Giorgio’s face. His mouth dropping open and
his eyes as wide as the Grand Canyon.

“Oh maronn, Mr. Marlowe.” His hand reaching his forehead.

“What’s wrong?”

“You don’t know Miss Petra? The Black Widow? The famous singer?”

“No, jeez, you know I don’t drink Giorgio, what’s the matter with you?”

Apparently I wasn’t the only one that was captured by her beauty, I
never thought I was, but hearing from Giorgio that every city club would
go sold out when she sang was like a knife to the heart.

“That’s okay Giorgio…thanks for telling me pal.”

“Hey Mr. Marlowe don’t beat yourself up, she’s paying good money! In
this economy?”

I sighed.

I realized in that moment that I didn’t really care about the money, not
as much as seeing her again.

“But Mr. Marlowe, I did see the guy you were talking about, maybe a week
ago he stopped here. He looked like a walking corpse, sat down and
ordered a Bloody Mary, it was only 5 and something in the morning,
really stuck with me, who drinks at that time?”

“I hear ya, seen a few walking corpses myself – only they were wearing a
uniform.” I said as I took out my notepad and started taking notes.

“I make him the drink and tried to say something, you know? Where you
going? Where you from?…nothing, guy doesn’t say a word or even look at
me.”

“What else? Where did he go?”

“I don’t know Mr. Marlowe, as soon as the sun came up, he was gone,
didn’t even see him leave. Even left half his drink.”

“Alright Giorgio, thank you pal, this is very helpful.”

“No problem Mr. Marlowe but I must tell you…this Miss Petra…she is not
good news, you must be careful around her.”

Giorgio’s tone took a more serious pitch.

“How do you mean?” I asked, confused.

“There are rumors about her Mr. Marlowe, she is a maneater and a
manipulator, you must not fall for her tricks!”

“Giorgio, the gal has a husband, what are you talking about?”

“Yes Mr. Marlowe, she does. But there must also be a reason why he
left.”

I left the station with a heavy heart, Giorgio’s words really did a
number on me. He’s a good friend, always tells me straight up, no
dancing around but I didn’t believe him this time. I didn’t want to
believe him.

I went home, the rain not letting up for even a second, felt like being
back in France, couldn’t even light a cigarette in the open that in a
matter of seconds it would get soggy.

I need some sleep.

November 16, New York.

I had some weird dreams last night, the wind was howling and the rain
kept on tapping on the windows, I couldn’t get much sleep.

I had nightmares about a dark forest on a full moon, weird looking owls
were all around me, their eyes as blue as ice. I was walking through it
when all of a sudden I fell into a deep pit in the ground.

I kept on falling and falling and falling. Then I heard a voice

“Come for me.”

I recognized the voice.

It was Petra.

I woke up in a cold sweat and couldn’t get back to bed. It was 5 AM but
it didn’t matter, the rain was still there and the sun was nowhere to be
seen.

I got to work, not like I had much else to do.

After Giorgio, if you wanted to find someone the church is where you’d
go. People who vanish are usually desperate and if there’s one thing I
learned in my life is that there ain’t no atheists in the trenches.

The Catholics is where I went to, asking for clues.

“I’m sorry son, I haven’t seen this poor soul.” Replied Father Andrews
quickly moving away from me and looking busy, too quickly.

“Hey wait up Father, I didn’t even tell you everything about him.”

“I’m afraid I can’t help you detective, right now I have more urgent
things to do.”

“What’s more urgent than helping a fellow man in need?”

“Just because someone’s missing, it doesn’t mean they want to be found,
son.”

“…what’s that supposed to mean?”

The Father was on the other side of the church by now.

“The good Lord will look after him, I’ll be praying very hard.” Shouted
from afar, quickly disappearing behind the scenes.
Weird.
It wasn’t the first time I had enlisted God’s people, they always were
very caring and altruistic as their teachings say, this was different.

Sometimes I believe that everything happens for a reason, that taking
the wrong turn by accident will eventually lead you to where you
belong…or where you deserve to be.

Tonight, destiny took me somewhere in between.

The Maltese.

I know right? Who am I anymore? Old man Marlowe at a bar? I know about a
dozen people who would burst out laughing if they heard such a thing.
The reality was different however, I wasn’t there for the booze, I was
there for something far worse.
Petra.

She was the main attraction of the night, singing some sweet tune with
her golden voice and icy eyes. Everyone looked as stupid as I did once
she got up on the stage. But the one thing that was different from the
others was that we instantly locked eyes. I didn’t have the courage to
blink.

She came over after the gig, sat next to me and my tonic water. She had
to fight a human wave of excitement, it felt like Greta Garbo had just
walked in.

“Detective, didn’t take you for a nighthawk.”

“You learn something new every day.”

“Do you have any news on my husband?”

“I have some leads but…work in progress.”

“I believe in you Marlowe, you can do this.” No word in my life was more
angelic than those she had just spoken.

“Waiter! I’ll take a Bloody Mary and for the Detective…”

“Oh I’m good Miss Pet—“

“Just Petra.”

“…Petra, I’m good with wat—“

“Come on, Dete—“

“Marlowe.”

“…he’ll have the same as me.”

I had about 4 Bloody Marys that night. One after the other. I didn’t
know who I was anymore. All I knew is that I went back home with Petra
and we made love all night.

November 17.

I can’t stop thinking about last night.
I can’t stop thinking about her lips on mine, our bodies entwined, her
fingers in my hair and my eyes on hers.

We fell asleep together, cuddled by each other’s warmth and by the sweet
sound of rain on the roof and thunder in the night.

I had another weird dream. I was back at the church, Father Andrews was
nowhere to be seen but I moved like a weasel through tall grass.

My .45 was in my hand and I was going down some steps, it was dark but I
could smell blood in the air and its metal taste in my mouth.

Eventually I get to a large cave, barely lit by a bunch of candles on
the wall. My body tensed up as I put one in the chamber.

“SHOW YOURSELF.” I shouted.

That’s when what I could only describe as a rotten corpse came rushing
out of the shadows, mouth wide open.

I woke up in a cold sweat, again. This time however, Petra’s perfect
lips were next to me, ready to make it all go away.

After breakfast we quietly went our separate ways, I was back in the
unrelenting rain, she stayed in her room.

I had sex with a married woman and my job was to find her missing
husband. What the fuck happened to me?

“Keep looking for my husband sweetie, I still need to find him.” She
told me before leaving.

I had a feeling this wasn’t her first rodeo. I didn’t care. I wanted her
and she wanted me.

I decided I would head back to Father Andrews, something felt off about
him. The dream certainly didn’t help.

It was already dark when I got there, the rain kept on pounding.
Darkness came early in the day.

“Father Andrews? I have some questions for you, Father.” My voice
echoing in the big space of the strangely empty church.

“Hello? Is anyone there?” No answer.

I made my way over to the altar, it was very quiet.

As I went to the other side I almost tripped. A small set of dark stairs
leading down in the ground were hiding just behind the altar.

“What the fuck…”

I felt a Déjà vu creeping up on me in that moment.

Before I even realized it, my .45 was in my hand, my cigarette was lit
and the safety was off.

I went down those stairs, exactly like the dream, a long dark corridor
with some small torches lit up.

“Father Andrews? Halloween is long gone Father.” I shouted in the dark.

After that, it somehow got even quieter.

I kept going, hoping for an opening sooner or later.

“Marlowe.” I heard in front of me.

“Who’s there?” I warned, scared.

“You shouldn’t be down here, Detective.”

“Is that you Andrews?” Silence.

My foolish question was answered with a big bang that took off my hat.

Whoever was in front of me had just shot at me and nearly turned off the
lights.

Training and experience kicked in and I hit the dirt immediately,
without hesitation I fired four or five shots into the dark ahead of me.

Silence once more.

I got out my zippo and tried to make as much light as possible while
moving forward.

I almost fell on him.

Some feet away from where I fired rested Father Andrews, eyes wide open,
lead in his chest. In his hand a small .38.

I couldn’t even begin to process what had just happened that a faint
sobbing broke the eerie silence.

It was coming from further down the tunnel.

I stepped away from the body and into the unknown, eager to see what
more it had to offer.

After 30 seconds or so the tunnel opened up into a big wine cellar, I
suppose that’s where Christ’s blood was kept.

Sitting on the ground, back to the wall, was a tall figure in a trench
coat. His head was on his knees and his arms around them.

He was crying.

“Hey, pal…are you okay?” I sort of asked, stumbling on my words.

“Please…don’t hurt me.” He replied with an accent.

“I won’t…what’s your name buddy?” I said getting closer to him.

No answer.

“Are you hurt?”

Nothing.

“Pal?…you there?”

That’s when he finally got his face away from his arms and looked at me.

I’ll never forget that face. White as a ghost, no facial hair and eyes
as gray as the cloud covered sky in the morning.

I took  a step back.

“I can smell her on you.”

I raised my .45 and emptied the mag on him.

Case closed.

I need some sleep.

November.

Today is the day, I need to tell Petra and skip town, I hope she’ll come
with me. The police found everything and is quietly looking into it, it
won’t be long before they come asking for questions.

The sun is still nowhere to be seen, the rain feels so heavy that I
might drown in it. I can’t stand it anymore.

“Marlowe, my love, you have good news don’t you?”

My knees were shaky and my heart was just about to explode but, as soon
as she invited me in, a strange sort of calm washed over me.

“Petra, I found him, your husb—“

“Shh, don’t speak.”

She got close and started kissing me, I melted like a popsicle in the
sun.

“Petra, seriously, I’m in trouble.” I said pushing her away.

She didn’t lose the way she was looking at me, it was as if she didn’t
care in the slightest about what I had to say.

“You’re right where you’re supposed to be.” She moved in closer again.

“I killed your husband Petra.”

She finally stopped. There was a long moment of silence, my mind went
blank.

“I know you did.”

 “What?” I asked confused.

“You did well Marlowe, my instincts were right about you…”

 I didn’t know what to think anymore.

“…I knew he was there, in the Church…I just couldn’t get to him…”

My eyes were watering, the cigarette in my hand burning my fingers, my
brain going haywire.

“…but you could, and you did…you were such a good boy for me.”

I killed for her and I was ready to do it all over again if she asked
me.

“My husband…after 200 years he just wasn’t the same anymore…he started
having hope, a very dangerous thing.”

“200 years?”

“Yes darling, but don’t worry…I’m very happy to spend the next 200 with
you.”

Two long and dark wings sprouted from her perfect back, spanning several
feet.

She got closer, her pristine red lips open.

Her white long teeth revealing.

She kissed me on the lips.

Then on the cheek.

Then on my neck.

I hope it never stops raining.”

P.S: It hasn’t stopped raining for a week.
