The first time I played, I was six years old. I caught my brother,
nearly ten years older, sneaking out of the house to take a drive. I
didn’t realize at the time, but he only had a learner’s permit. So
instead of telling me to get lost, he told me to get in.

Our first stop was to pick up his buddy, Dial, and a girl I never met
named Tiffany. Our destination: A bend in Red Bank Road that shot under
an overpass of Terwilliger Road.

My brother slowed the car and entered the underpass at an angle before
stopping completely. We sat straddling both lanes. I lifted myself up
from the backseat and looked through the darkness to see the night light
on either end.

“This is so fucked up,” Dial said, “Someone is going to hit us!”

“That’s the point, dingbat, that’s the game,” my brother said, giving
Dial a punch on the shoulder.

Tiffany chimed in from the back to ask who was going to say it. “Are you
both too chicken?”

“I’ll do it,” my brother said, turning his head straight forward.
“Hannah Ann, Hannah Ann.”

And that was it. Nothing happened. I unbuckled and peered through every
window I could until Tiffany grabbed my arm and told me to sit down.

Though no one else had said anything, I could tell there was tension in
the air. A soup of fear and excitement and danger and morbidity.
Eventually, my brother turned the car back on and drove us all home.
He’d leave for college three years later.

The second time I played, I was 12 years old. My best friend Bobby and I
were riding our bikes in the middle of summer too far from home. We
pulled up to the same dark bend on Red Bank Road and Bobby asked if I
had ever played Hannah Ann Hannah Ann.

Him saying those words brought the memories from six years earlier into
place. I told him I had, now recognizing the scene in front of me.

“Well, want to play?” he asked.

We wheeled our bikes to the center of the underpass and I cleared my
throat. In the creepiest voice a 12-year-old boy could muster, I said,
“Hannah Ann, Hannah Ann.”

“You have to say the rest if you want it to work!”

“For what to work?” I asked.

“For Hannah Ann to come and hit you with her CAR!” Bobby lunged at me as
he said car, causing me to yelp.

He laughed at me, then I laughed, and then we both kept laughing until
Bobby cleared his throat. “Ok, here’s how it goes:

Hannah Ann, Hannah Ann, went and took a drive,
She parked her car under a bridge and said her last goodbye.”

“It’s a song?” I asked, still giggling.

“No man, it’s a poem. Like a fucking scary poem. You drive here at night
and park under this bridge, and she comes to get you.”

We looked down at our bikes and out onto the horizon to see it was just
past sunset, light enough to see for a mile in either direction. For all
we knew, we might not have even really played.

As we biked home, Bobby told me the story of Hannah Ann.

In the early 90’s a woman named Hannah Ann went on a drive at midnight.
In some versions, she was in the process of leaving her husband. In
others, her sister was with her. Sometimes there were even two kids in
the back seat. But in every version she found herself parked
horizontally underneath the Terwilliger Road overpass and eventually got
crushed by a truck whose driver had no reason to believe some whacko
would be taking up both lanes with all her lights off.

At some point in my early teen years I called my brother to see what
version of the story he had heard, but he didn’t pick up. My parents and
I would find out later that night that he had overdosed after attending
a party the night before: a bad batch of ecstasy was what I would hear
later.

The third time I played, I was 16 and trying to impress someone of my
own. His name was Preston and while I doubted he liked me, he was always
free and interested in hanging out to get away from his stepdad.

From the passenger seat, he handed me the joint he had just rolled and
lit it for me. “Okay, what version do you know?” Preston asked.

I repeated the same poem Bobby taught me, the one I’d been saying in my
own retellings.

“That one’s alright, but I like the one with the sister more,” Preston
said, reaching back for the joint before going on to tell it:

Hannah Ann, Hannah Ann knew she couldn’t stay,
So Hannah and her sister Anna tried to run away,
But Hannah’s car stopped and stalled under the overpass,
Until her husband’s truck caught up and killed them in the crash.

“Damn,” I said, “That one is so gay!”

“Dude, you can’t fucking say that!”

“If anyone can say that, it’s me,” I said, trying to get a reaction out
of him but he wouldn’t bite. Instead, he asked what I didn’t like about
it.

“I don’t know… it’s like this game is supposed to be like Bloody Mary,
right? And when you say Bloody Mary three times, it’s like you’re
calling her. But when it’s this long poem, are you really calling her?”

“But in your version, she’s the bad one. Like my mom, she had
post-partum depression after my sister was born. She didn’t mean to…”
Preston trailed off for a second before continuing. “All I’m saying is
that if her husband was hitting her or whatever, he should be the bad
guy.”

We passed the joint back and forth a few more times before he put it out
and packed it in his pocket. 30 minutes must have passed with my car
parked like that, facing the wall of the Red Bank Road Underpass. It
felt so nice to be with him at that moment.

“Look, Preston, I know you don’t—”

“What the hell was that?” Preston shouted as he pointed out my driver’s
side window.

I sighed. “Could you not change the subject anytime I tried to say
something? Like really say something?” I asked.

“I’m not fucking joking, dude, just look!”

I turned my head and had to squint through the lingering smoke and
condensation. “I don’t see anything.”

“Something was out there. It was like the air out there shifted.” He
half-climbed over the center console so his face was inches away from
the window. I joined him, his fear successfully infecting me as well.

We heard a click. “What was that?” I whispered.

I reached my arm under him to try and reach the ignition, but he grabbed
my arm and stopped me. “Quiet,” he said. “And don’t do anything.”

We kept looking but couldn’t discern any movement, or anything at all
really.

Preston pulled his sleeve over his wrist and wiped the condensation away
from the window, revealing something beyond the glass. Something in the
air. A texture.

We got even closer, trying to understand.

Then the brightest light blinded our eyes and a shouting honk flooded
the tunnel.

I screamed and Preston jumped up and hit his head on the roof of the
car.

“Drive, drive, drive!” he yelled as he collapsed back into his seat at
an angle.

I turned the car back on and immediately began backing up at an angle to
give myself enough clearance to turn out without hitting the wall.

Instead I made it just a foot before I heard the scraping of metal on
metal and even more honking. I threw the car back into drive and peeled
out of there.

Unlike the ghostly car of Hannah Ann’s husband, the owner of the truck I
just hit was very real and very angry. He chased us for the next five
miles alternating between honks and his own brand of expletives.

Preston rolled down the window and stuck his head out. “Hey Dickwad! If
you didn’t want to get hit, maybe don’t spend your evening trying to
scare a couple of kids you pedophile freak!”

“Why did you have to make him more mad?” I asked right before the truck
sped up and hit the rear end of my car. I swerved slightly and regained
control. “What are we going to do?”

“We’re gonna get him off our ass,” Preston said as he reached into the
backseat and grabbed his backpack. He pulled a three-inch-thick binder
out and undid the loose-leaf paper from the rings. “Next time you see a
place to turn right, give me a three-second countdown. After one, you
turn at full spe—”

Preston’s thought was cut off by another hit to my fender, but I
understood what he was thinking. Thirty seconds later I picked up even
more speed and said, “Three, two, ONE!”

I turned right and Preston masterfully feathered out each individual
sheet of paper. Most just flew around the truck, but one way or another
enough of the paper must’ve interrupted his view that he missed the same
turn we did.

30 minutes later, I was parked in front of Preston’s trailer. We were
both nervous wrecks despite occasionally slipping into fits of crazed
laughter. Eventually, he grabbed his backpack and opened up the car
door.

Before leaving, he turned to me. He was looking at me, but not really. I
started to open my mouth but he spoke first. “I’m sorry I can’t, you
know, be that for you. And I know you don’t need me to or whatever,
but…”

“But, what?” I asked.

His eyes started to water. “But I’m just too fucked up in the head! My
mom’s dead, my sister’s dead, my stepdad hates me, and I can’t even look
the only person who’s ever been nice to me in the eye!”

“Preston, I don’t need you to—”

“Don’t. I just can’t. I can’t be your friend or anything else. Don’t
come by anymore either.”

He slammed the car door and walked away.

The fourth time I played, I was on the way to my bachelor party. Preston
was in the backseat this time. My college roommate, Chris, was to the
right of him. I was in the passenger seat while my best friend Daniel
drove. We were on the way out of town heading to a cabin up on the
mountain.

“You know what we should do before we go?” Preston asked. “Play Hannah
Ann.”

I rolled my eyes. “We’re not playing Hannah Ann. We were behind schedule
enough as it was.”

“What’s Hannah Ann?” Daniel asked.

“Already googling!” Chris said, using any excuse to try out the iPhone
he had just got.

“It doesn’t matter because we’re not playing,” I said. “We’re gonna keep
driving.”

“C’mon!” Preston said. “I tried to get Kelsey to play but she’s too
scared. You ever get Greg to play?”

“No, I didn’t,” I replied. “Besides, Greg is a sophisticated city man,
not farm trash like you and me.”

“Hey! I’m trailer trash, not farm trash!”

“I have something!” Chris interrupted. “Man this is so crazy, I can
Google whatever I want, whenever I want.”

We groaned and told him to go on. He read off what he found as Preston
began giving Daniel directions on how to get to the underpass:

On the night of December 5th, 1991, Hannah Andrea Garrels, more commonly
known as Hannah Ann of the Hannah Ann legend, left her home in Banks,
Oregon. Her husband, Tim Stanley Garrels, last saw her around 11pm. Tim
claimed that Hannah had told him she was leaving him, and that she was
going to her sister’s house in a neighboring county.

According to the police report, Hannah lost control of her car and spun
out on a thick layer of black ice where Red Bank Road passes under
Terwilliger Road. It was unclear why Hannah remained in her car after
that. It was possible Hannah was unconscious after losing control, or
she was conscious but unable to get the car to restart and felt safer in
her car than in the freezing cold.

At 1am, Hannah’s sister Daisy Lee Helper became nervous at her sister’s
lateness. Worried that she may have had an altercation with Tim, Daisy
let her boyfriend know that she was going to go over to Hannah’s house.

In a disastrous coincidence, Daisy, driving her boyfriend’s truck, took
the same route to Hannah as Hannah was taking to Daisy. Coming from the
south end opposite Hannah’s north end, Daisy entered the tunnel and
crashed into Hannah’s car. It isn’t known whether she didn’t notice
Hannah’s car in the darkness or tried to stop but couldn’t due to the
ice. In the end, both were killed in the car crash.

To add to the misery, the autopsy revealed that Hannah was pregnant with
twins. It was unclear if either Daisy or even Hannah knew, but Tim
claimed to not have known.

Despite the tragic circumstances, no criminal proceedings ever occurred,
and Hannah and Daisy were put to rest in the Banks Hillside Cemetery.

“Shit,” Daniel said from the front of the car. “That’s so sad.”

“I know, and now her story is twisted by kids, internet goons, and
hopeless straight basement dwellers,” I said while reaching back to poke
Preston in the chest.

He laughed. “You know once upon a time you were into this basement
dweller.”

“Don’t remind me,” I said, smiling.

We pulled up to the Terwilliger underpass and Daniel parked the car on
the side of the road, right before the tunnel. “So, what do we do?” he
asked.

Preston began to instruct. “We drive in, turn the car so it’s
perpendicular to the road, and recite Hannah Ann’s call.”

“That’s fucked,” Daniel said. “We’re gonna get hit.”

“No way,” Preston said. “This road was so far out from anything that the
only people who ever came here were stupid kids looking to do the same
stupid thing we’re doing.”

“I didn’t think the truck driver from last time was a stupid kid,” I
said.

“What happened last time?” Daniel asked.

I began to explain but Preston cut me off. “Just some creep who tried to
scare us when we were in high school.”

“Okay well there were a bunch of the chants on this blog,” Chris said.
“This one was really creepy. It goes Hannah Ann, Hannah Ann—”

“Wait! Let me get into position!” Daniel said, pulling the car into the
underpass and turning into place.

Hannah Ann, Hannah Ann come and lock us in,
Have your sister roll the windows,
Have your kids close their eyes,
Tell your husband not to stop,
And tell the Devil, “Welcome In”

“That one doesn’t even rhyme,” I said right as the doors around us
locked. “Okay, not funny. And the windows were already rolled up,
anyway. Which one of you did that?”

“I didn’t do it!” Daniel said as Chris just gave a shrug and Preston
shook his head.

After a few seconds, the timed inside lights shut off, giving us an
uninterrupted view into the darkness beyond the car.

“I see something,” Preston said.

Not again, I thought to myself. We all looked and leaned towards his
side of the car and scanned our surroundings. I was about to ask what he
saw but I was stopped by the realization that I couldn’t unbuckle. “I’m
stuck.”

Chris and Daniel reached down to their buckles in unison as Preston kept
looking out the window. Neither of them could unlatch. Chris then
reached over to Preston’s seatbelt and pushed it for him. No luck.

“Some game,” Chris said from the back, clearly agitated as he now
wrestled with the seatbelt. “I thought she was just some urban myth.”

“Maybe she is, but that call didn’t just ask for Hannah Ann. It asked
for the Devil,” Preston said without turning from the window, his voice
pitching lower than normal. “You welcomed him.”

I passed glances with the other two and looked back at Preston. “Hey, so
what did you see out there?”

“Something…” Preston started in the same vocal affect as before. He
didn’t continue.

“Something, what? Dude. What did you see?” I asked.

Thirty seconds of silence went by before he whispered something under
his breath.

“Preston, what did you see?”

“RED!” Preston yelled in a gnarled voice, whipping his head to face me
despite his body remaining forward towards the window.

His eyes glowed yellow and when he bared his teeth, his gums were rimmed
red with bright blood.

Chris, Daniel, and I all screamed together as the car locks clicked.
Each one of us successfully released our seatbelts and got out of the
car.

The other two ran and kept running, but I stopped after a few feet and
looked back. Preston was still there, now looking the same as I’d always
known him.

“Preston, we need to get out of here, now!”

He looked down at his hands. “I can’t.”

“I don’t need another ‘I can’t’ speech from you, Preston. Just unbuckle
your seatbelt, and get out of the car.” Chris and Daniel were yelling
from behind me. “Preston. Please. Unbuckle, come with me.”

The yelling got louder and the semblance of a word started to form in my
mind. Car. Fuck.

“Preston, I really need you to get out now. A car is coming, ok?” I
began to step towards him to get him out myself but felt a tug in the
opposite direction. Chris had his hand around my shirt.

“We need to get out of the tunnel!” Chris told me in half gasps.

As I moved away from the car with Chris, I began screaming for Preston.
“PLEASE! PRESTON PLEASE! GET OUT OF THE CAR!”

Chris joined my pleas as we stood back on the grass outside of the
shadow. Daniel yelled “IT’S COMING!” from 50 feet away with as much
urgency as he could.

Then, in an instance, it happened. A car came into the tunnel. Chris
dove down into the grass. I screamed Preston’s name. And Preston finally
turned to me with a desperate look in his eyes.

It wasn’t until the incoming car made contact with Daniel’s parked car
that I saw her appear.

Straddling Preston’s lap was a bright red figure covered in patches of
coarse black fur. Her wrinkled breasts hung far from her chest, brushing
up against Preston’s stomach. Her face, turned to me along with
Preston’s, had the same yellow eyes and bleeding gums that had appeared
on Preston moments ago.

A moment after that, it was all crushed metal and blood.

-—

For a while, I sent this story, my story, to anyone I saw posting about
Hannah Ann on Reddit to try and get them to think twice before playing.
I never left it as a comment; people would think I was doing it for
attention or upvotes. So as weird as it was for a man in his 40’s to be
DM’ing teenagers on the internet, that’s what I did.

Or at least that’s what I did until I got the news. My parents called me
the other day and told me that the girl my brother dated in high school,
Tiffany Meadows, had fallen asleep at the wheel last week and crashed
her car into a tree. She was an ER nurse on her way home after a 16-hour
shift. She was probably sleep deprived; that’s the simplest explanation.
But something about it felt wrong.

So I pulled up a news story from five years ago. Chris and Daniel, who
started dating shortly after Preston died (and kept me company after I
called off my own wedding), had later gotten caught in a flash flood. It
was in Texas; they were on a mid-life-crisis-turned-vacation road trip
to all the National Parks. They died hours before their planned arrival
in Big Bend.

I then googled my brother’s friend. His story wasn’t hard to find, given
the name. Deven “Dial” Morris got hit by a car while crossing the street
in downtown Portland. Dial was heavily intoxicated, according to the
report, and the driver was not charged.

Bobby Atkinson was fine, probably because he and I didn’t play the game
the right way. But that left me needing to ask a question I really
didn’t want to ask. I pulled up my phone and called my mom to ask her
where my brother was when he died. She said he was leaving a party,
which I knew, so I clarified: where was his body found?

Turns out, it was in the backseat of his car. He was probably trying to
sleep off a bad trip.

So I’m posting my story here hoping it helps someone. Hopefully it’s at
the top of the search results when someone googles “Hannah Ann.”

To anyone who thinks I’m making this up, go ahead and think that. I wish
it was all made up. That would at least explain the note I found on my
car yesterday:

Hannah Ann screams in Hell,
Her sister never sleeps.
Her baby girls, they cry until
Their dad exits their dreams.

But Preston has it worst of all,
He lives his life in flames.
His skin peels and eyeballs boil,
And he always calls your name.
