“Did you read the fucking post title?” said the out of breath man on the
phone with his pack-a-day voice. “Swing by at three. Or don’t.” he
oinked. “Million bucks riding on some Russian Roulette, is that so
fucking…” he stopped to catch his breath “So fucking hard to
understand?!” he yelled over the phone.

“That’s it?” I asked. I heard him grunt out a wet breath along with the
hiss of what might’ve been a CPAP machine before he hung up.

I pulled up to a ramshackle house in a ramshackle neighborhood at three
in the afternoon. It was the kind of neighborhood that mistook fireworks
for gunshots, where you couldn’t pick up a dollar on the ground without
worrying about OD’ing on fentanyl. Exposed brick and knee high grass
made up most of the house  in front of me. I got a text as soon as I
stepped up the patio.

Go in and take the first door on your left to the basement. Lock the
door behind you.

And I did just that. The house was as dingy as it was outside. The
moment I opened the door I was met by the noxious smell of dried piss
and human shit. A bed cushion sat at the end of the hallway, wet with
every STD known to man, with needles sunk into its woolen interior like
a pin cushion. The walls were caked with graffiti and tar. I held my
breath as I hesitantly gripped the doorknob on my right and twisted it
open. Going downstairs, I found five men sat at a table beneath a single
lightbulb that swung tenuously, so that their shadows danced and
quivered.. 

“Looks like the roundtable’s complete!” Said the man who sat on the left
of a vacant seat. On the table was a heavy, futuristic looking revolver,
and a single hollow point round. No one else spoke. The man on the left
spat out tobacco spit. The place was nothing but cinderblock walls and
mold, with some dusty shelves and a toolboard, and –and there was a man
standing in the corner. Six –no, seven feet tall, unmoving, unbreathing,
in a long black coat and brimmed hat. He looked like the devil. With
eyes as black and all-consuming as those, maybe he was.

“Let’s get the game started, shall we?” Said that devilish man in black.
I took a seat at the table, eyes fixated on the gun. As I sat down, I
began to realize two things. One, was the weight of it all. That gun did
not look like a prop. Nor did the bullet. Nor did its promise of
splattering my brains across the cinderblock walls. Two, was the
piercing gaze of that ungodly thing that might’ve been a man. Too tall.
Too thin. He was like a shadow in the afternoon, only there as long as
the clouds allowed him to exist.

The man in black came to the table to load the gun. As he did, I could
feel the air grow cold around him. Ice cold. Immediately the Asian man
on my right picks up the gun, puts it against his temple, and with a
yell, fires. Click. The man immediately pulled out his wallet, unfolded
it, and kissed a picture of his wife and daughter. “Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus.”
he whispered, laughing. I felt a jolt of electric fear run through my
scalp and down my spine.

And so the gun passed around, first, the Asian who was sitting next to
me. Then, the man next to him, who was smoking, and had yellow eyes. His
name was Wilbur. He had cirrhosis, and he was dying.

The gun passed to Wilbur. His hands were trembling. Maybe it was alcohol
withdrawal, or a product of his failing liver, but it was not fear.
No. His hands did not hesitate as the cold barrel pressed against his
chin, he did not recoil at the pull of the trigger, and he made no sound
as the gun clicked. He threw the gun down and the man next to him
followed. Jason. That was his name. I remember seeing a wedding ring on
his hand. The same one that held the revolver. He, unlike the man with
yellow eyes, hesitated. There was something unsure about him. He took a
while.

“My name’s Kim, by the way.” Whispered the man on my right.

“I’m Todd.” The singular lightbulb swayed to and fro, casting long
shadows across the grainy floor.

“This your first time here?”

“You’ve done this before?”

“Once.” The smell of cigarette smoke filled the small room, a rich
ambery scent that warmed my chest. Kim was a small man, bespeckled, soft
spoken. “But I backed out. I recognize Jason though, he was here last
time I tried.”

“What made you come back?”

BANG!

I look over and see red on the walls. Jason was dead.  I stood up and
immediately turned to run, as did some of the others, but Kim remained
seated, as did the man chewing tobacco. The moment I got up though, the
man in black called produced two duffle bags stuffed from the floor
brimming with hundred dollar bills. “No one leaves.” he said in a dark,
rattling voice. 

I stayed. So did the others. Do I even need to explain why?

Five left.

The man in black took the gun, revealing leperous arms. He put a round
in and spun the chamber. The gun began with me this time.

I picked up the revolver, feeling its cold weight against my hand. I’d
never held a gun before, it was heavier than I thought it could be.
Cold, big, iron. It had just killed a man, the barrel was still
splattered with blood. I wondered where to point it. The temple? Would
that have been a quick death? No, point it at my forehead! No. Not
there.

“Having trouble there, kid?” asked the man on my left. He was the one
chewing tobacco. “Name’s Earnest.” 

“Earnest, I’m fucking scared.” I whimpered. No one looked me in the eye,
except for the man on my left.

“Don’t be. Put the gun above your Adam’s apple and point it to the back
of your head. It should hit the brainstem. Quicker death, or so I
think.” The man spat, eyes dark and unshaken. “This is your first time?”

“Yeah.” I cried, fighting off tears.

“This is my fourth.”

“Fourth?!” without another word, the man takes my hands, guides the gun
to my throat, and steadies my shaking hands.

“Yup.”

“Why?!” I sobbed, “Why would you–”

“’Cuz it’s fun. And this’ll be my fifth.” he smiled and I saw yellow
teeth. Yellow, and gold. His incisors had gold fillings, bright and
shining, nearly blinding.

I held the gun up to my throat, and closed my eyes. I kept thinking of
my mother. Poor mother. If I died here, who would take care of her? But
then again, if I walked out of here alive, I’d never have to ask that
question ever again. One in six. Not great, but not terrible.

“Earnest? Kim? If you guys make it out of here, promise me you’ll take
care of my mother?”

“I’m sorry Todd. I could try, but daughter comes first.” said Kim with
sincere regret in his voice. “Stage four bone cancer.” I looked him in
the eyes, I dunno what I was feeling. Anger? Empathy? “She can’t sleep
from the pain, you know? Even morphine doesn’t help her. She screams at
night when she falls asleep the wrong way. I want to buy her the
world.” 

“Don’t worry Todd. If I win, I’ll take real good care of her.” Said
Earnest. “Reeeaall good.” he said as he shined his golden tooth into my
eyes. 

I closed my eyes, holding up the gun to my throat with clasped hands as
though in prayer, and pulled.

Click.

“FUCK!” I cried. “FUCK! FUCK FUCK FUCK!” I curled down into a ball, as
though angry hands were ripping out my innards, sobbing like a child. I
threw up on the table. No one got up. Before I knew what was happening,
I heard a click. Then another. Then a bang. Four left. Me, Earnest, Kim,
and Yellow Eyes.

The gun began with Earnest. With a hardy grin he took the gun, shoved it
in his mouth, screamed, and pulled the trigger. Click. I took the gun,
closed my eyes, and clicked.

“Oh shit.” muttered Kim. “Third time’s the charm, eh?” Kim toyed with
the gun. “Three’s not my lucky number.” he looked up from the gun to
meet my gaze. “Todd. I know this is selfish, but–”

“You don’t have to ask. I’ll take care of her.” The man’s eyes flickered
with a little hope, if only for a moment. 

“My wife’s number is written on the back of the picture in my wallet.
God be with you, friend.” He took the gun, pressed it against his
temple, and fired. 

Click.

The yellow eyed man said nothing as he took the gun from Kim’s hand, and
fired. Click. He threw the gun down with force, letting out a wet grunt.
“Fuck.” he whispered.

It was Earnest’s turn. It was the fifth round. Him or me.

“How’s 50/50 sounding, Todd?” I said nothing. “Huh? You wanna find out
what comes next?”

“No. Not particularly.” I said. I looked around. The room smelled like
blood and concrete. Sweat laid on my brow, heavy and sticky, and when
the wind blew, a little sill on the ceiling let in a cool breeze,
frosting my forehead with fresh air.

“Arbiter!” yelled Earnest to the man in black, “I want to use my
switch!”

“It is permitted,” said the man. With that, Earnest pointed the gun at
Yellow Eyes and fired. Bang. Earnest hit him right between the eyes.

“What the fuck?” cried Kim. 

“Each player is permitted to use a switch, pointing the gun at anyone at
the table, on the condition that they fire the next round on themselves,
and start the next rotation. Only one switch may be done per rotation”

“That’s bullshit!” I yelled. “Why wasn’t that explained earlier?”

“Because it’s fun that way.” said the man in black.

Three left. The man in black reloads the gun and slaps the chamber into
a sickly spin. The round began with Earnest firing at himself, saying
nothing. Click. Then to me. Sweat beading on my forehead, heart thumping
through my chest, hands quivering, mouth tasting like vomit. Click.
Kim’s turn. Click.

“You chicken shits ready for a roll in the mud?” Laughed Earnest.

“Todd. How about we just… Split the money?” asked Kim. “Imagine it. Five
hundred thousand dollars to each of our families. Only one of us has to
die.”

“How can I trust you?”

“Well, for starters, I haven’t turned the gun on you.”

Click. My turn.

“Who says I won’t turn my gun on you?” I take the gun, feeling its
weight once again. There was a new weight on me then. I would be killing
someone. 

“Will you?”

“Arbiter?” 

The man in black is still in his corner, watching. “You may.”

With that I aim the gun at Earnest and fire. Bang. I hit Earnest in the
neck. He died painfully, writhing on the ground, grunting, the air
unable to leave his throat, until he choked. I looked into his eyes as
he bled, and saw unfettered ecstasy and terrible horror. The highest and
lowest a human could ever feel, all condensed into a single moment. 

“I take that our agreement’s in effect?”

“Yes.” I told the stranger I had met the same day where my mother lived
and the details of my bank account. He did the same but with his wife’s
information.

The gun was in my hands. Click. I passed it to Kim. Click. Again, the
gun returned to me.

“So. Tell me about your daughter.” I asked, as I put the gun up my
throat, just as Earnest taught me.

“Well, she loves painting. She’s real good at it. Might be a Picasso
someday. That’s what her mother says anyway. Ha!” he let out a forced
laugh. I chuckled along. Click. I hand the gun to Kim

“Well, what do you say? About her painting, I mean?”

“Me?” he asked, as I pulled the trigger. Click. I hand Kim the gun. “I
say she’s a Rembrandt. Never cared for Picasso.” He put the gun against
his temple and closed his eyes. “What about your mother? Tell me about
her.”

“Well, what’s to tell? She’s dying, shrinking away from the world day by
day. But, even now she still feels bigger than me. Bigger than life. I
feel safe around her. In my mind she is still the woman that tucks me
into bed and sings me to sleep.” Click. Two rounds left.

“Sounds a lot like my own mother.” He hands me the gun. “Maybe we should
get them on a little play date? My mother loves golf, and so does my
wife.”

I say nothing as I point the gun at my throat for the last time.

“Kim. If it’s me… Promise you’ll take care of my mother?”

“As much as I can. Can you promise to do the same with my daughter?”

“I will.”

Click.

“God damnit!” Cried Kim. “Shit.”

I hand the gun over to him with a heavy hand. His was the sixth round.
The man in black comes to the table, brandishing a lit cigarette in one
hand, a gun in the other. “No backing out this time, I’m afraid.” Kim
took the cigarette and dangled it between his lips.

“I understand. Todd,” he looked at me with deep despair,  “tell my wife
to remarry, and tell my daughter I love her very much.”

He took the gun to his head and pulled the trigger. Except, he didn’t.
He couldn’t. He began crying, shaking uncontrollably. He dropped the gun
back on the table with trembling hands begging with the man in black.

“No.” he whimpered. “No, no, no. Please.” he looked up to the man in
black, “please, I don’t want to die–” Bang. The recoil hurt.
