I was trying to apply for a tractor supply card, well I had already
applied for one and
got it, but I found out there was a better one. So I created this
obstacle course for myself,
switching between different help lines trying to verify my application
while closing out the old
account. It was a nightmare, not one unique to me, but it felt like a
personal hell.
The robot kept telling me to say in a few words what the issue was, but
would say she
couldn’t hear me and switch over to the keypad. Then I get this long
chain of numbers,  each one leading to a different part of the world.
All these options that sound the same to me, “Press 1
to check the status of your Application”, “Press 2 to verify Account
information”, “Press 3 to hear Statement Balance”. Eventually I get to,
“Press 9 to speak to a Representative”.
I press it and try to explain what’s going on and eventually get
rerouted to the
destination I would’ve reached if I pressed 4. More dial options follow.
To enter your reference
number, press 1, to find your account using your SSN, press 2. I press
2. Sorry, we couldn’t
find your account, please enter your reference number. I didn’t have
one, I switched back to the
speaking option to tell it that, and it understood. Please enter the
area code and number of
your mailing address. I found the request odd, but I obliged, my address
was saved with my
account so they could find it either way.
“Press 1 if you are (my name).” I pressed 1
“Thank you, this number has been logged and traced, goodbye.”
Odd definitely, but it gets odder. A call comes in a moment later with a
Maryland area code. I
answer, and a deep voice says
“What do you need done?” I nearly shit myself. I hang up immediately,
and push my phone away as if that would make my whereabouts less clear.
If it was an operator from a call center, he
was definitely using a bold introduction.
I got curious and decided to call it back. It rang a few times then
picked up with an
automated message,” The line is busy at the moment, at the tone, say the
account in which the
payment will be deposited.” It beeped and I hung up. It was getting
weird and I didn’t want to
keep poking at the number without looking into it first.
I googled the number and found it was the number of a small pizza
restaurant in
Maryland. Again, definitely a bold way to take someone’s order. I called
the number embedded into their website and a chipper young woman
answered.
“Helloo, thank you for calling Anchoni’s Pizza, what can I get started
with you today?”
“oh, nothing. I was just returning a call I got from this number.”
“Umm, well I haven’t made any calls. Actually unless you’re Rick, I
called about the
noise in the basement.”
“a noise?”
“Yeah like a rattle, coming from the pipes in the walls. We wanted them
looked at. Are
you Rick?”
“no i’m not.”
“And you aren’t going to order anything?”
“no”
“Alright, bye then.”
I pressed the wrong numbers when I called a help center 4526 by Oliver
Wright

I wasn’t done digging, and after that nothing conversation I felt
emboldened enough to
call the unknown caller again. The same automated message about the
deposit played, but this
time I punched in the numbers I pressed when I was trying to get help
with my visa card. It
worked, and the same deep and mysterious voice picked up with, “What do
you need done?”
“Who are you?” I asked, probably a little shakier in the voice than I
intended.
“Don’t you know not to ask that?”
“I don’t know what’s going on.”
“Then why did you call back?”
“Because I want to know if I’m in danger”
“You are putting yourself in danger by messing with things you don’t
understand”
“This was an accident, I was just applying for a store card.”
“Well you’re here now, might as well have something done.”
“Like what?”
“Whatever you want, it’s a flat fee all the same. You’ve racked up quite
the balance so
you otta make it count.”
“Solve world hunger.”
“I’m a mercenary, not a Genie.”
“Fix the pipes at Anchoni’s Pizza.”
“Those are no busted pipes. They were replaced in 2018, and I’ve never
known new
plumbing to scream for help.”
“what?”
“This number is gonna be wiped after this call so don’t bother trying it
again. And it’d
suggest you forget Anchoni’s, you’ve breezed past hiring a hitman and
have involved yourself in
crimes against humanity. Bye now.”
“what the fuck” I murmered as the buzz of the dropped call rang in my
ear.
