I’m a teenager as of now , 17 years old at that. So this story goes back
to when i used to live in outskirts of Delhi. It was around 2017. We
used to live in a rented apartment, Everything was normal.

There was this usual looking amiable lady living on the same floor as us
. She used to live there with her family of 4 , she , her husband, and
her two kids , one son and one daughter .Her son was as old as me or
older , her daughter was younger than me.

She didn’t seem weird, she was quite sweet talking and friendly with all
the people , but i always got some weird vibes from her and her kids too
. Her kids lacked a shine in their eyes . They looked sort of anxious
more than often. Well tho , they had more friends than me. I was always
a loner who didn’t step outside, rather watched cartoons in home all day
, So i was not at all friendly with them.

One day. The same aunty hosted a b’day party , it was of her son. She
invited all his friends and also her daughter’s friends , I was not
invited because , well , as I said , i was not friends with them. The
kids came , and aunty applied “tilak” on their heads. As per what they
said ,the tilak smelled quite off. After that , They did party and all ,
played songs ate and all party stuff . It was getting quite late and
none of the kids got out of the room. A girl’s dad had come to get her
as it was quite late. He knocked more, after sometime , the knocks got
louder , more fearful and desperate

He knocked the door, nobody answered, let alone open the door. Me and my
dad were watching ipl that night , my dad heard that knocking and
uncle’s shouts and got out to see what happened, unc told all that to my
dad . Then , some more parents had come to get their child , they all
got anxious upon hearing nobody was out yet. They called other parents
to ask if their kid was home , everybody said no. And now , things were
looking quite abnormal. So some uncles broke that door and what I saw
inside still haunts me to this day …….

That aunty , the party host , was standing completely naked in the
middle of the hall , with A goats severed head in her hand. And blood
(likely that goat’s) was smothered all over her body, even in her
maang(separation of hairs women do )

All kids were asleep , On sofa and/or on the ground. Her son was sitting
in the corner and looked absolutely traumatised. I ran away after seeing
all that . Then, The women beat that aunty and tied her up , the kids
were brought to hospital and police was called, Turns out , some
sleeping pills were mixed in the drinks the kids drank . And upon
investigation, alot of disturbing things were found from that aunty’s
house like , Goat head , cat’s carcass , nails of those kids (she cut
there nails and hairsand put them in a box , with each kids pic on it ,
circled with blood ) . Allegedly, the tilak was also goat blood or
something like that.

My parents left that apartment the next week and we never contacted
anyone from that society. Then we left delhi in March 2018 too.
