I’m sure you’ve had moments like this yourself.

Something so common, an act done simply by muscle memory, with no
thought. It may be taking off your shirt, it may be a quick glance in a
mirror, turning off the lights once you leave the basement, or suddenly
being alone in an aisle at the supermarket. A filler moment you forget
ten seconds later.

What if I told you that moment could have been crucial? That you could
have, for lack of a better word, traveled somewhere? Met somebody… or
something?

Recently, I’ve been reading a lot. Knowledge became the most important
thing to me, and I did not have enough time to inform myself. Therefore,
I quit my damn job and have been living in a hotel room for two weeks
now. I eat ramen noodles and drink water, no alcohol, to keep my mind
clear. Judge me all you want. All I care about is information.

What I study is probability. Of what, you may ask? To be honest, I’m not
quite sure. What I know is that there is something very hostile with a
minimal, almost nonexistent chance of appearing, of being sensed by our
eyes. And I need to know how to get to it.

You may ask: how did I get interested in such a niche subject? Well, my
path to understanding was quite long and mostly dictated by boredom and
frustration. I’ve been frustrated with my life. I’ve always been a
well-behaved individual. I finished school with decent grades, as I had
been told to. I searched for jobs and licked my bosses’ asses, as I had
been told to. I married, divorced, became bankrupt, and got my car tires
stolen like any other boring fella. I remarried, this time to a woman
ten years younger, and made myself two beautiful kids, one of whom
became a ballet dancer, while the other loved drifting too much and
broke his spine, which paved his way into a wheelchair. I’ve loved,
hated, felt immersed, and felt let down. And guess what? All that
fucking time, I’ve been frustrated. And fucking unhappy.

Then, one day, I went to a lecture. It was exactly the fourth time I had
attended one of those college lectures open to the public since I got my
diplomas. I did not care about gaining additional knowledge; I just
enjoyed spending time with somebody intelligent. It made me stop
thinking about how miserable I was. The professor was thin, short, and
looked as if he would melt from the summer heat. He did not look like
the man who would change my life.

The theme was The Theory of Common Entries. If you’ve never heard about
it, don’t worry; neither had I. The basic claim of the theory was that
the afterlife was 100% real. At least something resembling existence
beyond the usual functions of the body. While death was the most
definite entry into this state, society could not analyze death
thoroughly. We lacked the technology that could reach the astral part of
our dimension. Yet there was another way to reach a portion of that
world.

The theory suggested that seemingly insignificant acts could lead you
into an element of the “afterlife.” There were some conditions, though.
Firstly, the act had to be small, like if it didn’t matter. Something
you’d forget about in a moment. Secondly, somewhat contrary to the first
condition, the act needed to induce slight anxiety. A mystique, a
suspense that makes you think. Not outright fear, like a horror movie
jump scare. Just enough creepiness to make your skin crawl a little.

What does it mean, then? Countless different examples. Turning off your
Bluetooth earphones and thinking that some other sound may play. Taking
off your shirt and, while the fabric is all over your face, being afraid
that the world might have changed while your eyes were hidden. Seeing a
window leading to a dark room while you quickly dart your eyes across
the street. Have you seen that figure standing there?

There is a catch, however. Several catches, even. First of all, you’ve
most likely done these little acts thousands of times and experienced
nothing paranormal. That’s where probability comes in. It is not clear
exactly how uncommon “the Entry” is, but I can definitely say the chance
is lower than one in a trillion. Maybe much lower. Also, even when you
transport yourself to the other world, you may not see it whole. There
are documented cases, which I’m confident are connected to the Theory,
where individuals describe experiencing something… minimal. A figure, a
face, a sound. However, the experience can also be the other side of the
coin. And I don’t even want to think about what one’s eyes may see then.

You may also think: if these events are so horrible, then why does this
man want to reach them? Truth be told, I don’t have a rational answer.
I’ve been deeply troubled by the lack of logic in my actions for months
now. Yet I somehow trained myself not to care. All I can mutter is that
I want a break from this endless cycle of blandness and longing for a
solution. I needed a how-to for all of my grayish existence, and this is
the most correct how-to I’ve stumbled upon. If I can grasp something
feared by billions and document it as realistically as possible, maybe
I’ll finally get to feel something.

I’ve gone through several cases of anomalies closely related to the
Theory. One of them concerned a woman in Germany. A relatively unknown
missing-person case turned not-so-happy when she landed in a mental
health facility shortly after being found. From a bunch of recorded
interviews, the listener can determine that her incoherent rambling
actually suggests an Entry happening. She had supposedly been washing
the window of her house in a way that caused the rag to obstruct her
view through the glass with every sweep. For most of the sweeps, she
could only see the dark bedroom she shared with her husband. But
suddenly, as she claims between screaming and sobbing, her hand felt a
soft sensation, as if the glass had turned into a skin-like texture.
Before she throws a tantrum, a few words are heard, such as “eye,”
“tooth,” and “blood.” The woman has been in the facility for years, and
the psychologists suggested that childhood trauma, opened up by years of
alcoholism, led her there. This is their explanation. But I have mine.

Another case took place in Australia. This case had a fair share of
witnesses, and it’s been documented quite well. So well, in fact, that
fake information has been attached to the story for dramatic effect.
What we know for sure is that a group of teens had a campfire party in a
secluded area. In an alcoholic haze, one of the boys suggested wrestling
with their shirts off. A dumb stunt to impress the girls. The idea was
quickly approved by the group, and a few of the guys began taking their
shirts off amidst laughter and playful insults. Then the screaming
began. One of the witnesses claimed it sounded animalistic, like a
rabbit being torn apart by foxes. A boy, just fourteen at the time,
began pointing at the nearby trees, dimly lit by the campfire. What
pushes that incident into Entry territory is that nobody observed
anything in the direction the boy was pointing, as the testimonies
suggest. Nevertheless, panic spread through the group. Some tried to
calm the screaming boy down; some left the area. Here, the facts collide
with bullshit information, but the conclusion remains the same. The boy
began violently hitting his head against the stones lying on the dirt.
While the other party members tried to stop him, the harm to his body
was too severe. He died in the hospital. Treat it as an urban legend,
but it is claimed that the nurses heard him whisper “leave” and
“begging” before he became a shell of his former self.

These are definite examples of the Entry. Nobody has claimed it yet
except for me, and it was slightly hinted at by my previously mentioned
professor. Yet there are a few cases that could qualify as an Entry. A
Japanese man seeing his dead grandmother in the cellar window. A girl
from California hearing what she claimed to be “her mother burning in
hell” as she unplugged her headphones from her laptop. Even an explorer
from the seventeenth century writing about an incident where he observed
an infant with an umbilical cord swimming through the Pacific Ocean.

Now I need to inform you that there is a way to increase the probability
of the Entry happening. It may sound idiotic at first, but bear with me.
Repeat a certain action a huge number of times. Look at the basement
corridor, turn your head to the right to stare at the wall, then look at
the corridor again. Repeat hundreds of times. This is a madman’s talk,
isn’t it? Well, I’ve been taking off my T-shirt and putting it back on
thousands of times already. I’ve been glancing at windows thousands of
times. I’ve even trained myself to keep my eyes closed for longer
periods of time while blinking. And finally, I might have had a glimpse.

The time it happened, I was staring at the bathroom mirror in my hotel
room. I had locked the door and pulled down the curtains. It was
semi-dark in the room, and I could not hear my neighbors. I felt deeply
alone. Not lonely, just alone, forgotten, lost. A singular piece. Damn,
I had even watched a bunch of creepy YouTube videos to increase my
anxiety a bit.

Stare at the mirror, observe any changes appearing. Look down at the
sink. Pull my head up. Repeat. I had already lost count. Definitely more
than three hundred and less than five hundred. My neck began to hurt.

With each look at the mirror, I imagined a figure appearing behind me.
It could be a demon that would immediately attack me and cut my flesh
with burning claws. I also imagined my face contorting into a psychotic
grin against my will, and my fingers ripping apart my flesh, spilling
guts on the floor in a raw, primal fashion. But nothing happened, again
and again.

Suddenly, I observed a slight change. Or did I? It was like a shadow
quickly ran away from my vision as my face searched for the mirror. A
dark, thin line escaped the bathroom floor and reached for the space the
glass did not reflect. I froze, and a wave of disgusting excitement
swept through me. It couldn’t be an illusion; I had gone through them
already. My brain had already determined what was a placebo effect for
my gray matter. What I experienced was either a very competent illusion
or a hint of something sinister.

Suddenly, a wave of fear struck me. I did not hear a sound, yet
something could have been standing in the corner with the most
terrifying expression one could see. I did not even fear what the entity
could do to me physically. The pain became something out of the world I
had stumbled into, something so abstract in the face of experiencing the
most gut-wrenching depravity. I imagined it flowing through me and
feeding on every thought I had until I blew my brains out. I was afraid
of the unimaginable suffering the entity could lay upon me.

But I could not give up now. Everything I had gone through had led me to
this moment. I had been running away from my mediocre existence, and
this was the sight that could change it all. I had to turn my head now.
Do it, coward. Find your fucking meaning.

Head right.

No odd sights.

A wave of shame went through me. I felt disgusted with myself. No odd
sights. I had been so close to the Entry, and I somehow lost it all. In
fact, I was close to believing there was no Entry at all. Fuck that
crazy professor. Fuck those internet stories. All of this made me so
angry at myself. I might have worsened my pathetic life even more than
necessary with this stupid room and this stupid theory. In fact, I
became so angry that I wanted to punch the mirror. Break the glass,
destroy the room. Kill yourself after.

Preparing a punch, I turned my face to the mirror.

I saw…

Doorbell.

I froze. Nobody had bothered me all this time. I had been alone for the
whole two weeks. The hotel staff hadn’t bothered me at all. Yet somebody
was trying to get in. The doorbell rang a second time. I realized I was
standing around doing nothing while somebody waited. I ran out of the
bathroom. The living room was the same as before. I realized I was
shirtless, so I took the T-shirt from the chair and began putting it on.
Halfway through putting the shirt on, I had a thought. What if whatever
was ringing the doorbell was the anomaly? What if I was experiencing the
Entry? The thing might harm me, and I didn’t know how to defend myself.
If I even could defend myself.

Thank God I froze there, because as a wave of panic hit me, I suddenly
realized what I was doing.

I was putting a shirt on during the Entry.

I immediately squeezed my eyes shut and held my breath for good measure.
My heart was beating so fast I thought I’d get a damn heart attack. The
shirt flung from my arms and landed somewhere on the floor. I didn’t
know where, but at least it wasn’t on me. I did not finish the process.
While on the verge of panic, not knowing what to do now that I had
reached this point, my natural instinct was to freeze. And wait. So I
waited.

The door handle moved, and the footsteps began.

First they were loud, then very loud. I turned into an immobile statue
that did not breathe and did not see. I only heard the footsteps as they
moved closer to my ears. Suddenly, it felt like they were inches away
from my face. I was about to open my eyes when they stopped.

A moment of silence turned into infinity.

As I’m writing this, I still feel the tension in my muscles that began
right then. Nothing could have prepared me for the physical pain that
primal fear delivered to me. I even felt sick to the deepest corners of
my stomach, as if I had murdered a helpless child. As if that was my
fault. I still feel a hint of presence begging me to sense it mere atoms
away from my face.

Yet the footsteps began again. Extremely loud, very loud, loud. Then
bearable, happening somewhere near the doorframe. Then echoing in the
corridor. And slowly but surely, the most excruciating sensation I had
ever had the displeasure to semi-witness faded into oblivion as the
silence began again. The safe silence.

Moments of hesitation and a very stupid decision. Opening my eyes. My
heart tore at my muscles and almost punctured a hole through my body
with how fast it was beating. But the room was just as I remembered it,
except for one major difference.

The door, previously locked by me, was now wide open.

. . .

While extremely terrifying, I want to repeat my session. It gave me a
taste of a rush I’ve never felt in my boring life. Call me a fool or a
madman, I don’t care. This time, I want to bring in some recording
equipment to check whether I can connect technology with proving the
Theory. I know it’s 100% real now, but the world needs to know. It will
be my duty, and I will be remembered for it.

Wish me luck.
