I (24F) have always sort of done this. I don’t think I mean anything by
it. Sometimes I just feel like I have too much of a good thing, and I’ll
drop all contact with my online friends and social media. I save the
user names of the people I still talk to the most, before dropping out
of the blue, and then reaching back out to them several months later.
The longest I went was half a year. 

I had met my oldest friend (then 32M) on a Video Game Mascot Fanfiction
subreddit. Let’s call him Josh. Josh and I bonded over shared fics of
characters like Glover and Plok interacting. We even drew a mashup of
the two that became the most upvoted post on the sub. Even after certain
facts about the sub’s mods got revealed and the sub was taken down, we
were still talking to each other on a daily basis. 

I talked with Josh on and off Reddit messaging for about three years. I
think I did my ritual decleanse two or three times. After the first
time, Josh had made it clear that he wanted a warning for any future
silent patches. I told him I would warn him, but I was a little less
than truthful with my word. I still knew that we were friends because he
would still send me Plok! merchandise for my birthday, and I still made
sure to send him stuff for when he said his birthday was. 

I never feel bad about decleansing because it is easier to catch up on
things after they’ve happened, rather than ride them out. The best way I
can describe it is like how some people like binge-watching a show
rather than watching it week by week. The instant gratification of
having it all and not needing to worry about forgetting something is
comforting. And because I’m gone, I’m usually more creatively driven.
It’s genuinely good for me.

This is important because right before my last break with Josh, and I
mean minutes before, Josh had asked me if it was around that time. It
was a little freaky how he knew, and I was so taken aback that I deleted
my account without replying to him, and it’s the only time I’ve ever
reacted like that. I think that was the last time he really talked to
me.

Months went by, and I was busy with my job. My birthday came and went
without the usual Nintendo Power or Poster. I was worried, but I didn’t
want to break my rule, so I still sent him a birthday gift. This was my
shortest break, only two months, and when I made a new account and
reached out, there was a bit of a change. 

I just thought he was concerned, which was why he was being so clingy.
It felt like every day he was messaging me and asking how work was
treating me, what my family situation was (I live in the city with my
mom, who has been having some medical problems), and even things like
what I had for dinner. We still talked about video games, but he would
always make an excuse to get back to something personal. He started
asking if he could ever see me in person. We’ve shared images of each
other before, but this was a little more than I was willing to give
him. 

I’m not stupid. I could tell that something was up. But I had also known
this guy for three years. I wanted to give him the benefit of the
doubt. 

The problem began three weeks ago, as of writing this. Josh had messaged
me a picture of his birthday package on his porch, unopened. This was
about three months after I had sent it, so I was a little flustered that
it had taken so long to reach him. He asked if it was mine, and I told
him yes. That was the last message I received from him before he blocked
me. I spent that whole day trying to reach him with an alt and to ask
him if I’d done something wrong. I rechecked my messages to see if there
was anything I’d missed, and that maybe he was just taking a break for
himself. I must have looked at that stupid picture of the box a hundred
times.

The picture was strange as well. I’d seen pictures of Josh’s porch on
Google Maps, and it was a very traditional-looking wooden porch that
you’d see on a farm. This porch was made of concrete, like something
from a house in a suburb. 

Then, that night, someone rang our doorbell. It was 11:30, which felt
like a huge red flag. When I looked through the peephole, I couldn’t see
anyone, but when I checked our Ring camera, I could see that something
was covering up the lens. What’s even worse is that my mom lives in a
safe neighborhood and has a habit of leaving the front and back doors
unlocked. There was someone hiding at the front door, and I knew they
were going to hear me lock it shut. I don’t know how I managed it
because it felt like as soon as I had touched the knob, the person on
the other side was trying to get it open. After that, they were banging
on the door, and I was screaming for my mom to head upstairs while I ran
to check on the back door. We were lucky that she had locked that one
because I could see another person duck around the corner of the glass
view. 

We went upstairs, where we keep the shotgun. We sat at the top of the
stairs, and I aimed down the stairs while my mom talked to the police. I
was ready to shoot as soon as something moved too quickly. At the bottom
of the stairs is a window next to the front door. The stairwell is
blocked off, so I could only see into the living room at the very bottom
of the stairs, but I could definitely hear footsteps moving around the
living room and the kitchen. I thought I was ready until the window
slowly slid open inch by inch, and out flung two long, black things on
the floor. After that, they closed the window shut.

Then, the red and blue lights of the police were shining through the
window, and I could hear something running out and shutting the back
door. One of the police officers was knocking on the door. I told my mom
to wait upstairs so that I could make sure it was safe, and I got a good
look at the things on the floor. They were brown and crusted like burnt
flesh, and they smelled worse than a dead animal trapped in a wall. I
thought they were bloody, tree branches until my mom, and I’ll never
unhear it, asked from the top of the stairs, “Are those arms?” 

Things sort of blur together after that. I let the officer in, and I
remember him and his partner taking me outside. There was a ladder
propped against the side of the house, and we don’t own a ladder. When
one of the officers said that this all felt too well planned, I didn’t
hesitate to tell them about Josh. When I gave them his address, the
officer finished it for me. He wouldn’t tell me how he knew, only
suggested that I look after my mom while he did his job. That wasn’t
good enough for me. I stole a glance into the back of his cruiser, where
sat a familiar brown box that I hadn’t seen in person for three months.
It was open, and inside were two black hands.

It’s been three long weeks, and things still aren’t the way they used to
be. Mom is inconsolable, even after we moved to my aunt’s place. Things
got worse this morning when I was invited in for questioning, where I
heard the words, “murder spree,” and “dismemberment,” and “elderly
mother and 35-year-old son dead” more times than I ever cared for. 
