I had to move to the West Coast about a year ago, for work. I’d heard
about how awful the situation was with rent and all, but I hadn’t given
it much thought until I actually had to start looking for apartments.
Pardon my language, but it’s freakin’ ridiculous. My job requires a
graduate degree and the rent alone in some of these places is more than
I make in an entire month, then you factor in food and whatever else,
which is also expensive as hell, and the whole thing’s messed up. I’d
basically resigned myself to a diet of rice and beans, maybe one
chocolate bar a month if I was feeling particularly extravagant. I’m one
of those guys that can sleep on airplanes, so if the place I found
didn’t have enough space for a bed I was totally fine with just sleeping
inside a closet or something. Anyway, point is, I was ready to suffer.
And yet, in my moment of desperation, a light appeared in the darkness.
A light in the form of a Craigslist ad.

I couldn’t believe it when I saw it - a listing with a rent of just 200
dollars a month. From the photos it was clear that the place was far
more luxurious than anything else in my price range. There was a
bathroom, there was a kitchen, shit, there was even a balcony. You see
something like that, your first assumption is that it’s a scam, but when
you’re in a situation like mine you’ve gotta take any chance you can
get. I contacted the person that had posted the listing and told them
that I was interested in seeing the place. I also threw in some of my
background, explained that I lived on the other side of the country but
was currently in the area searching for an apartment due to work,
basically tried to come off as slightly desperate and also a bit
pitiful. I got a response less than a minute later asking if I could
come to the apartment for a tour. Naturally, I said “yes”.

There were a lot of people at the apartment building for the same reason
as me, so they had this whole system set up with numbered tickets like
it was the freakin’ DMV. I had to wait for about an hour, but when it
was my turn I was directed into the apartment, where I was greeted by a
large man who introduced himself as the landlord. The place looked
exactly like the photos and I had to confirm a few times that the price
of rent I’d seen online was the actual, factual rent that I’d be paying.
The landlord seemed almost amused by my disbelief. There was, however, a
single caveat, he explained, a reason why it was possible to offer such
a nice apartment for such an impossibly low price. “Microtenancy” is
what he called it, a new system that they were trying out. Essentially,
while I would be the primary occupant of the apartment, it would be
possible for other people to pay to rent out smaller portions of the
place for a short period of time. If somebody really needed to take a
shower, for example, they could pay money to use mine for 30 minutes.
With enough of these microtenants, the apartment would make more than
enough money to offset the ridiculously low rent. Basically, the whole
deal was mutually beneficial - the landlord makes a shitload of money,
and I get a cheap apartment as long as I can handle disturbances every
once in a while. The whole concept sounded absurd but I wasn’t about to
complain. If the landlord thought an arrangement like that would make
him more money than just renting out the place normally, well, that
wasn’t my problem. I told the landlord that his idea was brilliant and
that I was more than happy to share the apartment with others. After
recording some of my personal information and asking a few questions,
the landlord told me that he’d get in touch if I was selected as the
primary tenant.

Well, I spent the rest of the day dawdling around, touring other
apartments, all of them demanding at least twenty times the money for a
quarter of the space I’d get from the place with the microtenancy deal.
I told myself that, considering the sheer number of applicants, I needed
to face reality and accept that I was probably going to have to settle
with one of those shitty Chinatown apartments where the shower head is
directly above the toilet. And yet, that very next morning, I received
the call I’d been waiting for. The landlord, it seemed, had been
particularly impressed when he’d met me. The moment he shook my hand he
knew I’d be the perfect fit for the place, is essentially what he said.
And so, I had my apartment and a month later I moved in without any
hassle.

The visitors began to arrive around a week into my lease. They would
show up to use my bathroom, take a nap in my bed, work out on the
elliptical trainer I’d brought over. It felt strange at first, but the
visitors seemed to be getting something out of being in my apartment, so
it wasn’t too hard to get used to. Still, it always surprised me to come
home from work and be greeted by a stranger sitting on my couch.
Sometimes I would try to chat them up but all I’d ever get was a strange
look, like maybe they realized how awkward the whole deal was as well as
I did.

Those were the normal ones. As the months passed, the number of visitors
grew, and for some of them it was difficult to figure out what, exactly,
they were doing in my apartment. People would show up while I was
working out and then just stand there, watching me. Others brought
sketchbooks with them and drew pictures of me while I was eating dinner.
I caught one trying to steal my socks. Another walked into the bathroom
and started tapping on the glass while I was taking a shower. You get
the idea. At times I considered bringing these things up with the
landlord but I was worried that doing so might get me kicked out onto
the streets, so I didn’t. Ultimately, I reasoned, none of these visitors
were doing anything directly harmful. Annoying, sure, strange, yes, but
that was about it.

I was sleeping one night, as I tend to do, when I awoke to a strange
feeling in my cheeks (face). As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I
realized that someone was standing over me and rubbing my face with
their hands. I sat up suddenly and the visitor yelped, then began to
retreat towards the door. I was still groggy from having woken up less
than a minute ago, plus I was totally nude, so by the time I managed to
get out of bed to chase after them they were already long gone. Whether
or not I locked the door didn’t matter since the visitors always had a
key, so I sat in front of the door until sunrise, completely unable to
sleep.

As soon as I got off work that day I marched into the landlord’s office
and explained what had happened the night before. The landlord, for what
it’s worth, turned bright red and began apologizing to me profusely,
saying that what had happened was totally out of line and would never
happen again. He even offered to give me a 50% discount on rent for the
month, which wasn’t that significant considering how little I was
already paying, but I suppose a hundred bucks is a hundred bucks.

Although the landlord had sounded sincere, something about the whole
incident had planted a sort of seed in my mind, a thought I couldn’t
quite shake. I bought one of those night vision cameras off Amazon, set
it up in the corner of my bedroom, and let it run for a few days. When I
checked the footage, my suspicions were confirmed - the visitors were
there at night, too. As I slept, they would enter my room and watch,
nothing more, just stand there and watch, sometimes for hours at a time.

I tried to ignore it, tried to tell myself that whatever these people
were doing it was all totally harmless, reminded myself that I was only
paying two hundred buckarooskis a month in rent. That night I just laid
in bed, pretending to sleep, but in reality I was listening very
carefully. Around 2 AM I heard it, the door unlocking as the first
visitor of the night arrived. I heard them shuffling towards me and then
stop. I heard the door again, more shuffling, more and more of them
crowding into my room.

At some point I finally snapped, rent be damned. I leapt out of bed and
shoved my way over to the door, blocking the way out. When I flipped on
the lights I was greeted by the stares of ten or so strangers. None of
them moved or made a sound. I addressed the crowd with a hearty “What
the fuck are you guys doing here?”, hoping that I might sound
intimidating despite being only five foot nine. None of them so much as
flinched. 

It was then that I noticed something peculiar. The face of one of the
visitors, who appeared to be a woman in her late 30s, was sagging at the
eyes, far more than the face of even a woman that age ought to. It was
as if part of her skin had simply come loose from her skull. I quickly
scanned the faces of the others, but couldn’t see anything off about
them. It was only that particular woman.

Not thinking too hard about the legal implications, I lunged towards the
woman and grabbed her by the cheeks (face). Seizing the opportunity, the
rest of the visitors slipped past me and ran out the door, while the one
I had grabbed began to struggle and yell at me in a language that
sounded like Italian but probably wasn’t. While I haven’t touched many
women, I could immediately tell something was wrong with this one. Her
skin was so… loose, and as she tried to escape my mannish grip I could
feel something beneath her skin, something wriggling, something inhuman.

I pulled, then, and the woman’s face - no, her entire head - came off,
and I realized that what I was holding was one of those rubber masks
like they used in Point Break, only more realistic. I was stunned,
shocked, like a dog that had tried to move out of its bed. And while I
was in that state, the woman used the opening to circle around me and
escape through the door the rest of her compatriots had used. As she
did, I managed to catch a glimpse of what had been under the mask, a
great mass of worms where her head should have been, all wet and
wriggling and alive. Unsure of how to proceed from there, I grabbed a
knife from the kitchen and spent the rest of the night sitting in front
of the door, but nobody else appeared after that.

The next morning there was a knock on the door and I would have shit
myself then and there if said knock hadn’t immediately been followed by
the landlord’s voice announcing his presence. I quickly put on some
clothes and then let him in, hopeful that he would explain to me what
had just happened a few hours prior. Instead, he handed me an eviction
notice. I played dumb, asking what the issue was and what I could do to
resolve it.

“You… attacked one of the microtenants,” was his response.

Now that my ass was on the chopping block I found myself regretting
everything I’d done the night before. I told the landlord that the
people visiting my apartment weren’t actually people and that something
fucked up was going on. I thought maybe that would turn the tides a bit
in my favor but the landlord just nodded and smiled at me. Sensing that
things weren’t looking good I got on my knees and told the landlord that
okay, maybe they weren’t human, but that was fine, now I knew there
wasn’t anything to be afraid of, so please just let me stay in this
apartment.

The landlord looked down at me with a queer glow in his eyes, possibly
cataracts. “That’s the issue,” he said (more or less), “You know too
much. And now that you know, you’re going to behave… differently.
Unnaturally. Can’t have that.”

With that, he turned and waddled out of my apartment. As the door
closed, he called out to me, “It’s a shame, you were quite popular.”

That was a few days ago. Three more and I have to be out of here. There
haven’t been any visitors since that night. And yet, when I look out the
windows, sometimes I can see people out there, staring in. I swore one
of them was wearing a shirt with my face on it. Maybe I’m just imagining
things. Anyway, I’m still looking for a new place to live. Had to sell
the elliptical trainer since I might be living in a box under a bridge
somewhere for a while. Once I’m gone, I reckon that ad will go up again.
If you’re lucky, maybe you’ll find it. Maybe you’ll even become the next
tenant. And if you do, play dumb, and remember that they’re only there
because of you.
