Maybe it’s a cruel prank, maybe someone hacked my computer… But if it’s
real, well then I’m deep in it

I don’t know where to start, I suppose I’ll start with the first message

Came home from work and hopped on my computer, chatted with some friends
on discord, checked my emails, watched some YouTube videos, doom
scrolled through Facebook, same routine as always. Then, randomly, a
command prompt appeared on my screen, simply saying

“YOU’VE BEEN SELECTED.

AWAIT FURTHER INSTRUCTION.”

I was spooked at first, honestly I immediately X’d out the command
prompt window. Ran a virus scan, nothing showed up. I tried not to think
of it and just put it out of my mind.

I almost forgot about it, a few weeks went by and I almost remembered it
like a weird hallucination… And then, the prompt again

“10:44PM, THURSDAY, LOOK UP” and it gave me a set of GPS coordinates

I didn’t know what to do … And I don’t know why I wrote down the
coordinates, but I exited the prompt again. The next day I took my
computer to a shop and had them check it to see if it could have been
hacked or have any viruses my scanner didn’t read… But they found
nothing

Whatever compelled me to do so, I looked up the coordinates, and it led
me to a small park out in a rural area just outside of town, a place
nobody really goes at night… Just great I thought, if this is a prank
this is the perfect place to get me

I went, but nobody was there, just the empty field, and the rusty unused
play structures

It was 10:30, I found a place and lied down… At this point, what did I
have to lose?

The next 14 minutes felt long at first but it was almost relaxing after
a bit… And then I saw it

In the night sky, there was a light, and it was blinking

Nothing can describe what I felt in that moment… Disbelief? Illness?
Fear? But after a few minutes, I noticed something else… It was blinking
in sequence…. Morse code… Drat, I didn’t have a pen and paper on me, so
I got my phone and tried my best to record it in periods and dashes..
then after a few minutes it stopped

I drove home and got to work. Obviously I knew nothing about Morse code,
but I was able to pull down a cipher online and decode it, but the
message wasn’t reassuring:

“we are coming”

And it repeated over again

Okay, the computer messages could have just been a weird prank from a
but how the hell do you describe random blinking in the sky? Who do I
tell about this? The computer messages are gone, and even if I
screenshot them someone could just say I opened a command prompt and
typed them in or that I got hacked, anybody could learn Morse code and
type it in their phone, all my evidence points to nothing, anything I
say would just sound nuts, I was on my own

Few more weeks went by, the unnerving tension of everything I saw
sitting in my head, every evening sitting on my computer waiting for
answers that may or may not come

Then another message

“YOU WILL BE SPARED”

Spared from what?? Who’s coming? WHAT’S COMING? I tried to type in the
prompt as if that would return some answers

“Who are you?”

Nothing, no response, just silence. I tried to screenshot the command
prompt… But something weird happened… Every time I tried to screenshot
it, either the file would corrupt or it would just show the desktop with
no command prompt as if it were just a ghost. Same thing happened with
my phone camera, it wouldn’t even appear, only the desktop background
appeared on the phone camera. Now things were really weird, or I was
really going crazy here

Couldn’t sleep for the next few nights, kept having weird dreams about
the end of the world, otherworldly invasions, armageddon, maybe it was
just my nerves, maybe it was “them” beaming visions into my head, I have
no idea, this whole thing was turning my head upside down and I had no
idea who to tell about it, last thing I wanted was to end up in a psych
hospital

Months passed, and again, I almost was able to forget about it, even
though it continued to sit at the back of my head like a splinter

Then finally the last message appeared

“TELL NO ONE. BE AT THIS LOCATION AT THIS TIME”

and again it gave some GPS location and a date in the future that I’m
afraid to tell anybody… This is what’s sitting heavy, and will continue
to sit heavy for the time to come, the nightmares have gotten more
vivid, I’m scared to disclose the time but it’s a while to go that I
have to live with this… Whoever “they” are, maybe they’ll spare you too,
and you’ll also get a random message on your computer
