​

I was pretty devastated when Clyde said he’d gotten a job opportunity
outside of the city. It was a high-paying journalism job–well, high
paying for journalism anyways– in a small town called Myre roughly four
hours away.

Clyde was my best friend. We started out as middle school brats who
hated each other. Then as I got to know we had lots in common, we became
decent friends. We were inseparable in high school and college. I damn
near saw him more than I saw my family at one point. We almost were
family in a way.

Even though I had time to cultivate other friendships, Clyde’s departure
left a hole in my heart. I started to hear from him less and less, and
then after four months, he disappeared entirely.

He reached out to me recently, though I doubt I’ll be able to hear from
him ever again.

It was the end of a standard drunken bender, and I checked the mailbox
in my apartment. Somehow, I managed to prioritize it instead of throwing
up in the toilet.

There was a hefty package inside, and I pulled it out. I probably made a
lot of noise in the process, too.It looked like a small treasure chest,
and inside of it was a journal. The stench as I opened up the chest made
me improvise on the toilet and I puked into the trash can nearby. It
smelt like a corpse that had expired mustard coating it. Very
unpleasant.

Wondering who shipped something so nauseating to me, I angrily flapped
open the journal.

I recognized Clyde’s writing immediately.

I left the rancid chest on the mailroom floor and hurried upstairs with
the journal. I took a moment of post-sickness clarity and decided I
would read it when I was sober, or at least hungover.The headache was
definitely there in the morning, but it didn’t deter me from reading my
best friend’s bundle of writing. I mean, if it was shipped to me, then I
assume he’d want me to read it, right?

I flipped it open. I will share what was inside. The journalist in him
would want you all to see it, too:

​

April 19th,

With issues coming from the radio tower today, Myre has no internet. So
I’m going the old fashioned way. It’s been nine days since I’ve arrived,
and my parents insisted on coming to visit me.

They arrived this morning, and are already sticking their noses up at
the state of this town. Snobby. I’m stuck with them for a week,
too.There’s nothing wrong with folks who are a little bit different, at
least they’re friendly here.

Though the radio tower incident is odd. I turn on any speaker, radio,
boombox you name it, and all the channels are this humming sound I’ve
never heard before. I hope it fixes itself soon.

​

April 22nd,

My parents seem to be adjusting in their short stay, though I’d wish
they’d leave. I spent a good portion of the weekend fishing with dad
just outside Myre. The tower is still upright in the distance, but I
haven’t seen anyone go up the hill to fix it.

It’s interesting, everyone in Myre seems to…like the sound? I’ve heard
it blaring in stores, and even people outside are sitting on their
porches or in their yard. Folks are still friendly, but quieter. Some of
the storekeepers have even had the most unusual stutter. I can only
imagine the snooty remarks my parents will say to their real estate
buddies back home.

​

April 25th,

I woke up to the sound humming throughout the apartment. Mom and Dad
seem to be loving the sound, and I gotta say, I barely even notice it.
They’re in great spirits and extended their stay for another week. They
told me they hired a nanny to look after Lex. Bet she’s JUST thrilled.

What I have noticed however, is the lack of anybody going out. The
streets are clear. I took a walk and saw nobody walking. Hell, even the
convenience store was closed for no reason.I’m drawn to the radio tower,
and decided that I’m gonna make a story on it. It’ll be a good headline
for this sleepy town

​

April 26th,

Mom was sitting in the middle of the hallway at 3 in the morning. She
was staring blankly at the little stereo that was at the end of the
hall. I flicked the lights on and she snapped out of whatever trance she
was in. Scared the crap out of me, honestly.

Looking out the window later that day, I noticed our neighbor’s windows
were open. They looked like they were entranced, staring at what I can
only imagine was a stereo.So I took a stroll and peeked in. Sure enough,
just like how mom was, they were sitting, staring at a very old stereo.

I tapped the window, and they snapped out of it, staring daggers at me.

Mom seems to be getting cold and distant with me, and Dad still hasn’t
come back from fishing this morning. I’m gonna go look for him. Mom
claims he’s fine, but keeps putting up that irritating shushing gesture
with her finger everytime Ii bring it up. Does she not love him anymore?

​

April 27th,

I found Dad in the nearby pond where we were fishing. He was laying down
in the boat, staring at a radio he had brought with him. He was so
fucking sunburnt he had blisters on his face. It’s been hot much earlier
this year, but holy shit!

When I snapped him out of it, we got into a bit of a spat. I threw the
radio in the pond, and he punched me! Something’s wrong with this.

I tried calling for a technician and the phone just blared that stupid
sound. My service is significantly weaker, too.

​

April 30th

Things have gotten pretty bad here. I’m slowly losing my sanity.

I don’t know where to start.

I snapped my neighbors out of their trance and they threw a trophy at
me, shattering their own window. I ran for it.

I saw a kid outside for the first time, she was pretty upset saying her
parents keep eating “things” including their pet cat.

The kid seems coherent, I’d call the cops if I could but I get nothing.

The radio frequency has changed…it’s got what sounds like growls and
murmurs in it, too.

Mom and Dad have both stopped talking. They stopped bathing, too. I
can’t really communicate with them, they don’t listen.

Stores aren’t open, so I broke into one to get some food. I found the
clerk there, mindlessly swinging at the speakers playing the sound. He
was an elderly man, probably hadn’t eaten or bathed in days. I snatched
some food and water, and left.

​

May 1st

My speech is going, I catch myself stuttering. What the fuck is going
on?

I’m gonna investigate the tower and hitchhike out of here.

Someone or something shut off the water and power. I’ve been getting by
bathing in the pond, and going into town to snatch food. Call me a
criminal if you want to.

I caught Mom eating a centipede off of the floor. Still unresponsive to
me as I shrieked at the sight.

​

May 2nd,

I watched helplessly as Mom and Dad dove from the second floor balcony.
I think Mom snapped her leg on the way down.

I followed them, and they ran away from me. Mom didn’t make a sound,
either. Eventually, I ran outta stamina. I hate having asthma.

Eventually I caught up to them, they halted themselves against a light
post, holding each other. I heard them giggle and hum. They refused to
move, and I was met with resistance trying to drag them away.

I want to get the hell out of Myre, but I can’t just leave them there.

​

May 4th,

They fucking ate her.

The little girl I saw last week, my parents did it. I saw them on the
side of the road, chewing on her remains. I recognized the polka dot
shirt sticking out of dad’s mouth.

I attacked both of them, and they didn’t even flinch. Mom’s broken leg
is swelling up, and she keeps licking it. Dad keeps picking at his
fingers, the skin around his nail beds are pretty much gone.

I’m seeing people walking outside now. None of them respond to me, and
they’re all walking towards the radio tower. I don’t see any children or
pets, either. I can assume what’s happened to them.

I smashed every speaker, stereo, phone, anything that could play that
sickening sound. I can barely talk, myself, but I still have my brain
intact.

I don’t know what I’m gonna tell my sister, I think the nanny might have
to stay a little longer.

​

May 6th,

Mom, Dad, and several other broken and starving people have congregated
around the tower, sobbing. They have been there since last night.

Every time I come into view, heads turn at me. They look at me, staring,
and drooling.

I can hear where the traffic is coming from outside of town. I’m making
a break for it.

I’ve deduced that this frequency coming from the tower affects people by
their age. If they’ve eaten all the kids and animals, I think I could be
next.

In a contingency, I’m writing this out to your address, Bobby Bolton.
Hopefully someone sees this package on the road should I meet my end.

The last entry had red stains lining the paper. After turning over the
journal I noticed the back was caked in what looked like dried blood:

​

May 8th,Bobby, you gotta tell Lex that we’re gone. I’m so sorry to put
this on you.

I made it to the highway, but I’m not the same man as before. I can’t
talk, god knows why.

They all chased me as I left the town. Most of them dropped on all fours
and barrelled towards me. Their noises were…well i’m not sure humans
could even do that. I had no way of protecting myself, but their bodies
began falling apart as they chased me. I saw Mom and Dad’s skin wilt and
tear as they chased me amidst the crowd.

I didn’t even notice, nor did I hear the oncoming military trucks until
it was too late. Must’ve been looking behind me all too much. They
opened fire on everyone. I took some stray bullets. One tore off half my
ear, probably popped a lung or something with the other. It hurts to
breathe.

They must’ve presumed me dead or…cursed like the rest of them. They went
deeper into the town, probably to clean up the rest of it. They left me
behind. I saw them take out the radio tower, too.

Whatever it is. I doubt you’ll hear it on the news. Something tells me
they’ll cover it up. They’re good at that.

The only thing I hear is humming, and growling.

Tell everyone you know to stay away from Myre. I doubt anything’s
standing by the time you get this. If you see this shitty, antique chest
you better fucking open it. I was lucky to come by it in the ditch.

Bobby, you showed me friendship that I’ll cherish forever. I know you’ll
make more friends, and I hope you show them the kickass you that you
showed to me.

In the next life, we’ll play all the games we want.

In a way, I love you man.

Clyde DuPont.

I cried for nearly two hours. I wanted to believe Clyde was alive, but
nobody survives that shit without medical attention. I mourned my
friend, I puked a few times, and curled into a pathetic ball.

Now I’m mentally preparing myself to see Lex, and bring her the
horrifying news. I think I should take the journal with me. I don’t want
to break her heart, even though mine will be in pieces for a long time.

If you see a turn on the highway towards Myre, keep driving. It’s a dead
town, and for all of our sakes, it should stay dead.
