Part 1

Part 3

Hello, it’s Laith again. I still haven’t found any info on these things,
but someone told me they were experiencing similar things. They’re the
owner of a company called “Mr Mia’s Pizzeria”. I’ve been there, but I
haven’t noticed many odd things.

​

The company has been doing pretty good, but lately, people have been
quitting left and right. I’ve closed the building to most people, but
some employees have actually decided to keep working in the building.
We’ve been doing pretty good at following the rules, but some people
have reported seeing things.

​

We were on a lunch break, until the power went out. I felt around for
something, but couldn’t find a thing. That’s when I felt something
grabbing my foot. I didn’t resist, since I knew rule number 1, but then
I realized something.

​

The hand almost always came out of computers. We were in the cafeteria,
where there were none. I screamed, but no sound came out. I flailed for
anything to grab, but my hand hit a wall. It looked like the hand was
coming from it. The thing started pulling me through the wall somehow,
and I blacked out.

​

I woke up in a storage closet, and decided to head to my office, (Rule
1: If you wake up on a different floor with no idea how you got there,
head to your office.) I went there, but I didn’t remember a thing. I
realized certain things were off, like the picture of my cat on the desk
was moved, the window was gone, and the air felt weird.

​

I started walking to the cafeteria, because when I saw the clocks, it
was still lunch break, and the others could help me. (Keep in mind I
didn’t remember getting grabbed.) When I got there, nobody was there,
and there was a giant hole in the wall. I looked into the wall, and
could make out a hall. I walked in, and then something strange happened.

​

I was watching someone in the building. It looked like me. It was me. It
was repeating everything I’d done the last parts of the day. I was sure
it couldn’t have been me, because I was right there, until I looked
down. I was floating, and I looked completely different. I saw other
people watching the me on the floor.

​

“Does he know?” One of them asked.

​

“No.” The other one replied. “He might soon, though. The new hire…”

​

“Will it work?” Asked the first one.

​

I blacked out, not getting an answer. I woke up back in the cafeteria,
remembering everything that happened, and everyone was looking at me
concerned. Now that I thought about it, I felt like I WAS being watched.
And I saw those people watching me… maybe I was looking through a 3rd
one’s eyes. And so, rules 3 and 4 were born.

​

Rule 3: If you feel like you’re being watched, you are. There’s nothing
you can do about that, we don’t know who’s watching.

​

Rule 4: If rule 1 happens and you go into your office, still not
remembering a thing, look at the clocks. Go to where you’d likely be at
the time, and you will find a hole. Enter it, and continue down the
hallway.

​

I don’t know if the rules will work, but it seems like they do. I
decided to just not think about what happened, because if I thought
about it, it would cause me to overthink it, and likely go insane. If
you want to think about it for me, be my guest.

​

After a couple days, nothing new really happened. Some people started
coming back after the new rules were added, and a new person came in.
He’s pretty quiet most of the time, but he hasn’t died yet, but he’s
skeptical about the rules.

​

Someone’s computer started malfunctioning, so he tried to fix it. He
worked at tech support before, so he tried everything. When that didn’t
work, the coworker punched the screen in rage. He didn’t mean to, but
the screen shattered. A strange, spiderlike creature crawled out from
behind the screen.

​

It climbed on the poor guy, who probably had arachnophobia. He screamed
and threw it off. Me and another guy walked over because of the screams,
and I thought it was just a big spider. The guy stomped it. It
screeched, and more came.

​

All the computers started malfunctioning, and we booked it. We ran to my
office, which had cameras. The guy told us what happened, but when we
looked, the computer was fixed. Mind you, these were major malfunctions,
like the screen turning pink, and loud noises coming out of it. But when
we looked, the screen AND the computer were fixed.

​

After 20 minutes, the screens shattered, and the spider things ran
towards my office. We heard them scuttling around. Then, the door
started breaking. We tried to climb out of the window, but more were out
there.

The door broke down, and the spider creatures swarmed in. They didn’t
seem like the cared about us, but they swarmed at the employee who
stomped the thing. They climbed onto his head and arms. They took 2
fingers, and an eye. The eye was surprisingly undamaged. 4 things teamed
up to hold it carefully. When we looked out, they were gone.

​

The employee seemed to not be bleeding somehow. However, He was in pain.
We decided to take him to the hospital, after we all agreed on a story.
A freak saw accident. He made a full recovery, however, his eye and
fingers were never found. He stayed with us, surprisingly. He felt like
he was being watched a lot more often, and when we were near him, we
felt like we were being watched too.

​

Rule 5: If your computer starts severely malfunctioning, break it and
ignore the creature that comes out.

​

I tested the rule myself, and it seemed to work. However, many more
incidents seemed to be happening, and many of them seemed to happen near
the new guy. I trusted him less and less as the days went on.

​

I remembered something. Those 2 strange entities had mentioned a “new
hire.” But then, I saw something really weird.

​

He had two yellow colored eyes.

​

I decided to just ignore it, but again, I really need help.
