“Damn it, Sheen, I told you not to move my keys! I’m gonna be late.” I
groaned through gritted teeth as I rummaged through my purse.

The luminous little wisp hovered above me, his voice grating and unduly
joyous, “I only put them up on the key ring where they belong and you’re
the one who didn’t wake up on time, so you were going to be late anyway,
shi.”

My eyes dart over at the key ring, and sure enough, they were right
there. One hand snatches my keys from the hook, and the other grabs my
rushed breakfast: a slice of toast and a cup of coffee. A patent leather
kitten heel catches at the door’s threshold in my attempt to rush out of
the apartment and I barely catch myself. Sheen isn’t far behind me as he
hovers in pursuit. My pace quickens, but I know there’s no way to really
shake him.

We’re stuck together.

“I don’t get why you do this anyway, shi. Your lovey-dovey heart heels
could get you there in no time at all.” He says, zipping past my head
leaving a trail of shimmering dust.

“I’m still financing this car, so I’m gonna get as much use of it as
possible. Normal people don’t use magic to solve every trivial little
thing.” I shuffle down the stairwell and into the parking garage. My
Subaru Outback awaits me like an eager steed and once I’m inside I peel
off heading for the freeway.

“But you’re not a normal person shi.”

Yeah. Sadly, I’m not.

My commute was uneventful aside from an outburst of road rage because
some asshole in a sports car decided to cut me off resulting in me
spilling hot coffee all over myself. Begrudgingly, I used a couple
twirls of the ol’ wand to remove the stains from my blouse and slacks.
But that was enough magic for the day. I was still reeling from the
events of last night. Void, the embodiment of darkness and despair that
just so happens to be a cosmic force that I must somehow, someday
defeat, had thought it would be funny to let loose a swarm of imps after
I already had to work overtime.

The little freaks wreaked havoc in a nightclub and I was summoned as the
sole defender. Though, no one would know it. That’s the funny thing
about magic, nobody else can see it or anything related to it really. To
others, it just looked like a fire had broken out, but I got the
pleasure of seeing two imps immolate a drunk guy covered in vodka. I
grimaced as I remembered the way his skin puffed and peeled as they blew
fire over him, roasting him like a fleshy marshmallow. Real fun stuff.

But due to this ‘gift’, I can see Sheen and no one else has to deal with
his incessant nagging. Though, I know all too well not to respond to him
in public. The few times that I’ve slipped up I was washed with
embarrassment from everyone around me looking as if I had finally lost
it. Though, maybe I had. This line of work can do that to you. Needless
to say, I hated my ‘job’. If I can even call it that. I mean what do I
even get paid in? Kudos and the occasional power upgrade. It doesn’t
even pay the bills. But this did.

I pulled into a parking spot off the street, stepping out and heading
towards a line of skyscrapers. I felt so small standing before the lines
of reflective blue glass and state-of-the-art architecture. I shoulder
through the revolving door of the high-rise, all too ready to be
swallowed and thrown into the belly of the corporate machine. I glide my
badge over silver rails and make haste to my office suite. The familiar
smell of manila folders, printer ink, and coffee mate in the air
pleasantly greets me. I sit down in my cubicle, grateful that I entered
quietly enough to avoid dealing with my tyrannical boss first thing in
the morning. And what was this job you ask? Data entry. Monotonous,
normal data entry.

I boot up my Excel sheets and get to work, but it’s not long before I’m
interrupted by the embodiment of workplace harassment, Nick.

He peeks over my cubicle wall, adjusting his glasses and clicking his
tongue in disapproval. “Late again? This is the second time this week.
Janice is gonna tear you a new one.”

“Shove it. She’s too busy playing off meetings with her divorce lawyer
as board reviews to even notice.” I keep my eyes locked on my screen as
I catch up from my missed morning. He laughs and I can’t help myself
from smirking.

“What’s gonna be your excuse this time? Traffic or, your favorite, slept
in again? Who’s keeping you up so late anyway?”

I roll my eyes before finally looking up at him, “Why are you pestering
me, Nick?”

He clears his throat, tapping his hands on the cubicle’s cushioned edge,
“Well, I was trying to see if you wanted to finally try that food truck
I’ve been telling you about for lunch.”

Nick. A little annoying and ever so predictable. He’s into me and,
shamefully, I’m kind of into him. But romance isn’t really my thing.
That was ruined for me when Void sent one of his lackeys out to get me
in disguise. It was perfect, ripped right out of my favorite romance
novels. New boy in town. Brooding and hot. Enemies to lovers. We even
went to prom together.

I’ll never forget that night. Pulling away from his lips, high off the
adrenaline of losing my first kiss, I felt the excruciating pang of a
dagger to my side. Just another one of Void’s intricate creations. Just
another monster I’d need to defeat. He tortured me, slow and deliberate
before the others came to my rescue. I loved him and I almost died
because of it. So yeah, I can do without romance.

But sex would be nice. Sex could be nice. But I’m not supposed to do
that. If I lose my “virgin purity” it will annul my abilities. So here
we are, thirty-four and still a virgin. It sucks. But it could be worse.
Sheen is all too keen to remind me of this.

He shoots upward, hovering directly in my line of sight, “I know what
you’re thinking, but you can’t, shi! Especially not after what happened
to Sparkle.” My mouth suddenly feels dry.

Sparkle.

There were four of us once. Sparkle, Shimmer, Dazzle, and, me, Glow. Not
our real names of course, but those don’t matter. Not to Void. But
Sparkle. Her smile was the kind that reminded you of the sun, brilliant
and bright. It was about five years ago when she ‘retired’. She met a
guy she really liked and then he became a guy she really loved. She was
getting married. He was sweet too. A real gentleman. He treated her like
a princess. They had the kind of love that was gross to witness. The
Hallmark movie kind except it was genuine. True love. It took some time,
but after a while he even got Shimmer’s approval. She was the strictest
out of all of us. You’d think we were soldiers or something if you let
her tell it. In hindsight, I guess we kind of were.

But back to Sparkle.

Their wedding was a grand affair, just what she deserved. We were her
bridesmaids. Shortly after that, she was pregnant. Her baby girl was
gorgeous and they were a beautiful family. She named her Radiance. It
was fitting. Sheen said her magical aptitude was extraordinary. If she
inherited Sparkle’s seal when she came of age, she was sure to
annihilate Void. But Sparkle was adamant that it was a choice she would
make on her own when she got older, never one she would push on her. She
was protective like that. She was going to be a great mother. That’s
when we learned just how unfair Void was willing to fight. That’s when
we learned just how much was really at stake.

Seeing the casket of one of your closest friends and her husband getting
lowered into the ground changes you, but seeing them accompanied by
another casket so small? So dainty and dressed with lace?

Well, that crushes you.

They say the scene was a bloodbath, but we couldn’t get the full
details. I don’t even know if we really wanted them. Her family couldn’t
imagine who could’ve done this, but we knew. The police questioning was
so agitating. Where were you the night this happened? Did they have any
enemies? Do you know who could have done this? Oh yes officer, a
spiraling pit of darkness that occasionally spits out grotesque monsters
and villainous goons!

I know that they were just doing their job, but it all just felt so
pointless. Dazzle and I knew there was nothing we could say, nothing we
could really do to help with the investigation or even Sparkle’s death,
but Shimmer had other ideas. She wasn’t going to take this lying down.
The night we found out she was already readying herself to face Void.
Not one of its lackeys or creations, but It head on. We told her it was
suicide. We couldn’t even beat him together back when we were 16 at the
height of our power. We thought we had it, but it escaped us, licked its
wounds, and came back even stronger. Even meaner.

She stopped answering our calls after that.
We went to her apartment looking for her, but it was empty. She had
called us cowards for not going and maybe she was right, because even
after it was all said and done we didn’t go looking for her. I haven’t
seen her since.

Dazzle was inconsolable. She couldn’t believe what had happened. Not
long after Sparkle was wed she considered settling down herself, but
after witnessing all of this that dream was completely out of the
question. It wasn’t too long after Shimmer’s disappearance that she
killed herself.

She had been saving up her antidepressants and anxiety meds. She had
swallowed them all and overdosed. I could only imagine how long that
took. Dazz was our support and had astonishing healing capabilities. It
haunted me, the image I kept picturing of her body trying to purge and
patch it all up as she just kept shoveling more and more pills down her
throat to finish the job. Her funeral was the last that I attended.

So yeah, my ‘magic wands’ inside my nightstand will just have to do.

“I’m fine, I brought lunch.” I hadn’t.

The disappointment on his face was subtle, “Eh, suit yourself.” He
turned away and lowered himself down on his side of the wall. Back to
work.

When lunch came around I had the same thing as always. A cigarette and a
sandwich from the vending machine. The rest of the day was nothing
special. Eavesdropping on workplace gossip, laughing at an unfunny
coworker’s joke, Janice finally catching me towards the end of the day
and lecturing me like I was a child. It all felt so mundane. So normal.

So safe.

Before I know it, I’m back home. Kicking off my heels and rushing to the
fridge for a well-needed drink.
“Shi! Alert! Alert! Blights are near! Blights are near!”
“For fucks sake you can’t be serious. I just dealt with a hoard last
night. Can’t I catch a fucking break?!”

No. No I can’t.

I decide it’s best to get a power nap, before getting ready for the
night and whatever it might bring. I fetch a beer and this earns a look
of disapproval from Sheen, but frankly I don’t care. It helps me sleep
as I drape myself over the couch. I wake up to my alarm, groggy and
grumpy, but as ready as I’ll ever be. I peel myself off the sofa before
heading to my bathroom. I needed a quick refresh. Some streamy water
beating down my back to help ease the joint pain and loosen me up for
inevitable combat.

I slip out of my work attire, but before I get in I can’t help looking
at myself. So much has changed. Flabby skin and love handles. Hip dips
and saddlebags. Stretch marks and sloped breasts. Tired eyes and smile
lines. My youth felt like a thing of the past. I was a hollow memory of
the girl who was once excited for all of this. The girl who was going to
save the world.

I don’t know how to explain it, but the older I get the weaker I feel.
Not just physically, but mentally too. I used to be so in tune with my
abilities, used to be able to wipe out Void’s monstrosities without
breaking a sweat. Doing this before felt practically effortless, but now
it feels like I need to exert more force, like I need to force myself to
have the confidence to fuel it all. But how do you maintain that when
you’re fighting for your life almost every single night?

The stakes are bigger now and hip pain doesn’t exactly make you feel up
for the task. It’s impossible to keep up a smile while fighting when I
genuinely fear for my life. I can’t be that hopeful little girl anymore.
Hell, I don’t even want to be. Yet here I am forced to try.

I go through all the motions. Really, it’s no different than clocking in
only the transformation sequence and posing are mandatory and the
uniform never changes. So here I am, a grown woman wearing pigtails and
puffy sleeves.

It doesn’t take long for Sheen and I to make it to the city. I leap from
building to building, monitoring the streets as I conduct my standard
patrols. I’m half ready to give Sheen a piece of my mind for wasting my
time when I see a couple of shadowy beasts scuttle into an alleyway. But
even from here I know what they are. Low-level nuisances. I corner them
and handle them easily, but I can’t help wondering why Void would waste
its time even making these? It knows these are nothing, even for me. Was
it just pestering me? Wasting my time?

“Long time no see, Glow.”

No.

No, that can’t be right.

I can feel the dryness building in my throat. My palms growing clammy
under the satin lining of my gloves. When I look up to see who is
speaking to me I see her hovering above me in a form that urges my body
to quiver and sends my stomach plummeting downward.
Shimmer smiled, no, sneered down at me. Her eyes were now black inky
beads devoid of light that were sickeningly far apart. Her skin was far
too pale with bulging veins that threatened to burst above it. Her blond
hair was now replaced by something chitinous and dark. But the worst
part was her body. Everything about it was just wrong.

She was stretched to an impossible length with more arms and legs than
any person could deem necessary. Each limb extended and disjointed at
too many angles. Her hands if you can even call them that wielded talons
as fingers hooked into either side of the alleyway allowing her to hang
there like a spider peering down over a fly that had entered its web. It
was as if Void had chewed her up, swallowed her, and then spat her out
as some kind of sick and twisted joke that only it had found funny.

“Why are you crying? You should be happy! Look, the gangs are all here!”
She lifted a spindly appendage, holding up two gilded medallions. One
was a glistening gold and the other a rich shade of green.

Sparkle’s and Dazzle’s seals.

I rush her. My moves no longer calculated, no longer careful. I lunge
for her. My efforts are a vicious attempt to retrieve what she shouldn’t
have. What it shouldn’t ever get to touch. I want to destroy, to
annihilate this sick and twisted idea of my friend that Void has decided
to conjure up and torture me with. But she’s fast. Much faster than me.

“What’s the matter Glow? You seem out of practice. I always told you how
important it was to keep in shape.” She dodges me with ease, her
movements graceful and purposeful. Nothing like my desperate, flailing
attempts to hit her. Her words are disguised as something playful, but
they drip with venom, “You’re so weak now. I can’t believe we used to be
rivals.”
A bright blue beam of light whizzes from its hand, slicing past me and
singeing my side with its heat. It’s one of Shimmer’s chakrams.

“Don’t you dare! Stop trying to act like her you disgusting piece of
shit!” Not Shimmer recalls it and it catches me this time slicing the
edge of my ear.

Hand-to-hand combat isn’t working. I aim my wand to shoot at one of its
“feet”, but it evades it, jumping further up the brick wall. The thing
twitches and jerks like a massive marionette as it ascends towards the
top of the building.

“Is that any way to talk to an old friend? Maybe visiting you was a bad
idea after all.”

I say nothing and prepare another shot at her, but it’s useless. I reach
under the ruffles of my dress into a dimensional pocket, pulling out a
spool of pink ribbons. It unfurls and I toss them up, letting them span
from wall to wall, so I can climb up and pursue her.

“Ouch. The silent treatment? That’s childish Glow. It hurts when you
ignore me, but what should I expect you didn’t even come looking for me.
You only care about yourself.” Not Shimmer frowns comically as she deals
out another one of Shimmer’s chakrams. I grit my teeth, bearing through
the pain as it slices past my arm.

I try to drown it out. I keep my mind focused on my mission, focused on
beating her, on beating Void. She escapes to the top of the building,
but I’m not far off. Once there, I gather my ribbons and ready them at
my side. While I’m distracted, one of its spindly arms juts forward
piercing through my thigh and the pain shoots up my leg as crimson
spills to the floor. It reels it back, the hooked talon ripping out only
amplifying the pain. My stance staggers and I’m on the floor as I wail
in pain my blood gushing out.

“Don’t lose focus shi!” Sheen is at my side now, more of a nuisance than
a motivator, but his warning comes in time enough for me to roll out of
the way of her next attack. From my dress I retrieve and then release a
smoke bomb and a puff of pink fills the air, concealing me, but
concealing her as well.

It’s silent for some time as we try to find each other. Both readying
ourselves to go in for the kill. And then she speaks.

“You’re such a bad friend Glow. Hell, you couldn’t even bother to be
there for poor little Dazzle.” My stomach lurches, “She even tried
calling you before she did it, but you didn’t answer. Too busy hitting
the bottle. Just a sorry, passed-out drunken mess when she needed you
the most.”

“Shut up! You don’t know anything! You don’t know anything!” I know it’s
a trap. I know she’s just trying to get me to talk, but I can’t help
myself.

I can almost hear the smile tugging at her lips.

“I don’t? I don’t know anything? Don’t you know I watch you through the
shadows? Can’t you feel me when I linger near? You think I don’t know
that you’re the reason for this mess in the first place? The reason
they’re dead. The reason she’s like this?”

It all comes flooding back. The summer heat bearing down on us as we
played in the park. The creaking of metal wire as we climbed over the
fence into the forest. The bubbling water of the creek. The beautiful
trail and the flowers that framed it. The moss-covered cave. The
peculiar symbols on the stony wall. The talismans I touched. The seal
that I broke. We were just lucky enough that there were four of us, just
lucky to have enough magical aptitude, just lucky enough not to die when
we first faced it.

“It’s all your fault, Glow. All your fault Hana.” Her face is at mine
now, black fangs glistening and dripping with something sticky and gray.

But she’s right where I want her.

The ribbons that I set up while concealed all come closing in on her
tying her down like a snare as I ready my wand at her chest and take
aim. The beam shoots clean through her as she screams, fighting to pull
away but she’s locked in place. I shoot through her tangled heap of arms
and legs. Each gap is as clean and precise as a hole punch going through
paper. Her body topples over and she’s a heaving mess with black ooze
bubbling from her wounds. I stagger closer to her, my leg still on fire
from the pain.
One of her eyes has some color returned and I know that it’s Shimmer
that looks up at me, tears and mucus smeared across her face.

“Glow, please.” She sputters up more inky muck, “Please, it hurts.
Please, ki-“

My wand blasts through her forehead unceremoniously.

Shimmer is dead now, but I’m not even allowed the decency of remembering
her the way I want to. Long gone is the memory of someone so valiant,
beautiful, and strong. Instead, I am plagued with the sight of a
twitching, crumpled heap of a person that I used to know. Her body
quickly starts to crumble. Withering away like ashen soot catching
flight in the night air. Now a blue seal rests beside the gold and green
one.

I fall to the ground staring at them for a moment, before gripping them
close to my chest. And in that moment I miss our laughter. I miss
running off to school together. I miss our early adventures. I miss my
them. I miss my friends. My hands are trembling and my vision is blurred
as tears stream down my cheeks.

“Hold these for me Sheen, I need a smoke.” My voice is hoarse and barely
audible, but he understands.
I hold my hand out and he takes them without a word, swallowing them up
and sending them God knows where.

My palm is still open, expectantly, and not long after he burps up a
pack of smokes and a lighter. My hands quiver as I light it, but once
the embers catch the end of my cig I take a deep inhale. The menthol
burns my throat, but seems to quell my quivering. I wipe the tears from
my eyes and force myself to watch as what’s left of my friend withers
away.

I hate this job and I really want to quit, but, after what’s happened
tonight, I can’t. I mean if I quit what would Void do? What would it do
to me? What would it do to the city? Hell, the world? It keeps getting
stronger and I don’t know if I can keep up.

With all that being said, if some quirky little creature comes up to you
and offers you the opportunity to become a magical defender of the
world, please accept it so I can finally settle down and retire.
