​

This happened three years ago. I had one best friend, Linda.

​

One day, Linda sent me a wedding invitation. I was surprised. Although
we were close, Linda never mentioned her boyfriend to me. I didn’t even
know she was in a relationship. The groom’s name was Lucas. She stated
in the invitation that I was expected to wear a blue dress to the
wedding. She even sent one for me. But she also mentioned that it was
fine if I didn’t like the one she sent, any blue dress would do.

​

I intended to follow her wish. But with the worst luck, on the wedding
day, I spilled my morning coffee on it. And it was just some hours
before the wedding. I didn’t have any other blue dress at home, and I
didn’t have enough time to go buy one. So I wore a light green one
instead, thinking it should be okay.

​

It was not. When Linda saw me in my green dress at her wedding, she was
furious at me. She looked like she was going to cry even though I
apologized sincerely. Her groom just stood there watching, his face
didn’t show any emotion. Linda walked away and didn’t talk to me at all
for the whole day. And I can see that she wasn’t enjoying herself. I
didn’t understand how could me not following a dress code be such a big
deal for her. And I wasn’t the only one there not in blue. About half of
the guests were wearing blue, the other half in various colors.

​

When I was sitting by myself, ashamed and confused at how my only best
friend was treating me, a man approached me. He told me his name was
Mark, and he worked at the same place as Lucas. Mark was wearing a blue
shirt. We talked throughout the whole wedding, he made me feel not
alone, and we exchanged numbers.

​

When the wedding ended, the bride, Linda, had announced that guests in
blue dresses stayed a little longer, while the other guests could leave.
I thought maybe she was so mad at half of the guests not following the
dress code that she wanted to host a party just for those who followed.
I was hurt, but that was my best friend’s special day and I didn’t want
to ruin it. I left and planned to apologize to her again later.

​

But that day never came. I tried to contact Linda but she never
responded. I went to her place, she wasn’t there. I even went to her
parent’s house and they said they couldn’t contact her either. And we
didn’t have any mutual friends I could go to. She was my only friend. I
tried reaching out to Mark too, he also never responded. Up until now, I
still don’t know any of their whereabouts.

​

A year ago, while I was out shopping by myself, I ran into Lucas. He was
alone too. I asked him about Linda, and he said Linda had a breakdown
after the wedding and just ran away in the night. He tried searching for
her but couldn’t find any trace either. Mark also stopped coming to work
but they weren’t close so he didn’t care much. At first, I questioned
him. It didn’t seem to make sense that Linda would just disappear from
everyone’s life like that. I talked to Lucas for hours, he told me Linda
was depressed even before the wedding, but she kept talking about how
special that day would be for her, fantasizing about her wedding day had
always been the thing that kept her going since her school years. And
that I should know how much she likes the color blue, which I do. I
started to think it did make sense. Linda was depressed. That’s why we
hadn’t talked much.

​

That day, I exchanged contacts with Lucas, so we could notify each other
if one ever found something about Linda. Turns out until now there’s
still nothing about her to be found. But Lucas and I did have things to
talk about. It started with asking for small favors, since we both
didn’t have any other friends. Then advices. Then casual talks. Then
deep talks and meeting up. Then we started having intimate feelings for
each other.

​

Lucas was a wonderful man, still is. Actually, we’re getting married
next month.Don’t get me wrong, I did feel bad about it. I realized it
was my missing best friend’s partner that I was in love with. I
expressed my concern to him, and that was when he told me that he and
Linda hadn’t signed any legal documents yet. So, technically, he was
single. And finding Linda just seemed more and more hopeless every day.
Also, she was the one who ran away. So we decided there was no reason to
hang back anymore.

​

I was over the moon when Lucas asked me to marry him. He was my first
lover and my second best friend. Even with Linda, I’ve felt lonely for
my whole life, but Lucas came and changed everything. I can’t imagine
someone who could be more right for me than him. He’s like my missing
piece. My soulmate.

​

Lucas understands that my wedding is special for me, so he lets me take
charge of most of the planning. The only thing he requested is that we
need at least fifty guests in our wedding, and we must have one specific
dress code for those we aren’t really close with, so we can separate
them from our close acquaintances and know how to treat them. Other
guests can wear whatever they want. He wants at least half of the
guests, which is 25, to be in the same dress code, though. He said it
looks pretty when there’s one major color and the other comes in
varieties. Like a dish with one main piece of food and some other plate
decorations.

​

He even joked that if I can’t get enough people to come to the wedding
in that one color, I’ll have to be counted as the missing one myself.

​

I found the joke funny. But he keeps saying it every day, even though
I’ve already sent out all the invitations and almost all of them are
people I barely know, so there’s very little possibility that there
won’t be enough people in pink, the color I chose. I love him but it’s
starting to get annoying and creepy. How should I get him to stop with
the joke?
