We’d done this dance many, many times before. 

The weeks of radio silence. The ominous text message (“thanks for
trying, Dahlia”). The absolute refusal to answer his goddamned cell
phone when it actually mattered. After dozens of false alarms, it’d all
become really fucking stale. 

And yet, there I was. 

Repeating the cycle, racing down the highway, rushing to his cryptic
aid, neglecting other people who actually needed me: a newly
wheelchair-bound husband and a four-year-old who couldn’t comprehend why
daddy - the strongest man she knew - was getting so, so weak. 

“It’s almost midnight! What if Alicia wakes up and needs help?” He
asked, pointing at his paralyzed legs. “I’m sure Lev’s fine. Even before
he had more money than God, the fuck-up was always fine.” 

I understood his frustration. We’d supported Lev for most of his adult
life - financially, emotionally, physically - and we did it because we
loved him, with no expectation of recompense. Then, out of nowhere,
Lev’s work took off. It was miraculous. Starving artist to
multimillionaire with the sale of a single painting. In the wake of his
success, he’d agreed to help out with our medical debt, but never came
through. Excuse after excuse after excuse. At one point, he even had the
audacity to claim the money “wasn’t good for us”, though I think the
word he used specifically was “stained”.

“He’s still my brother, Sam,” I murmured, sitting on the edge of our
bed, struggling to tie my sneakers with a pair of trembling hands. 

“And this time…I don’t know. It’s different.” 

I veered off the highway. Loose Cheez-Its and some old pacifiers audibly
shuffled across the car’s interior. I drove by the last flickers of
civilization - the rundown gas stations and the boarded-up townhomes -
and that’s when I saw it, drifting thick over the treetops. 

A plume of smoke.

I told myself it was nothing. A teenage bonfire or an overambitious
family barbecue. But then there was the light: a reddish shimmer cutting
through the forest, shining in the direction of Lev’s studio.

I laid on the gas pedal. 

Got there in the nick of time. 

I don’t like to think about that night. 

So much of it was just…wrong. 

There’s the obvious stuff. The panic I felt seeing my brother motionless
in front of his burning studio, pinned to the ground by a displaced
wooden beam. The revulsion of witnessing his exposed muscle cooked
brown, his fat hissing like air escaping a perforated tire. Explainable
horrors. Things you can safely take into a therapist’s office. 

But there was more. 

I managed to rationalize some of it; the stress fried my brain, made me
see things that weren’t actually there. The stars above the studio
weren’t vibrating. The long shadows cast by the fire weren’t
human-shaped, and they weren’t watching me as I frantically paced in
front of the hungry blaze, failing to work up the courage I needed to
rescue my brother. 

While I was on the line with 911, it happened. 

I dropped the phone, clutching my chest, dizzy with disbelief. 

His body rose into the air, bucking the collapsed beam with ease. 

He floated toward me, limp like a ragdoll, charred knuckles dragging
across the dirt. 

Up close, I saw the discoloration across his unburnt skin. Splotches of
blue and pink and black. He was covered in paint. 

And then, plop - Lev fell at my feet. 

I should’ve been relieved. 

Ecstatic. 

Thankful beyond words. 

But I wasn’t. 

As I stared at his steaming flesh, sirens screaming in the distance, all
I could think was: 

He should be dead. 

But he wasn’t. 

- - - - -

“His survival was nothing short of miraculous.” 

The doctor was barely audible over the incessant hum of Lev’s breathing
machine. I couldn’t help but fixate on the way she said that word
- miraculous. There was no joy in her voice. No twinkle in her weary
brown eyes. She uttered the word quietly, with ice in her breath,
because none of it made sense.

Somehow, only one side of him had been burnt. 

I had no trouble tracing the perfect line the fire had created: it was
straight down the middle, like it’d been drawn on him, like the left
side of his body had been protected from the heat. 

Still - the prognosis wasn’t good. 

“Based on his burns - the extent and the depth of his injuries - I’d
estimate the likelihood of death is almost one hundred percent. If it
was even the slightest bit worse, I’d say his departure would be a
complete guarantee, but, theoretically, he’s retained just enough of
himself to live.”

She patted my shoulder robotically, comforting me with all the warmth of
a twice-divorced drill sergeant.

“…temper your optimism accordingly.” 

I started to drive home around 3 AM. 

Hazy spotlights reflected orange halos across the windshield.
Bleary-eyed and worn-out, I sank my teeth into my bottom lip, hard as I
could. The pain didn’t shake my drowsiness. There was a harvest moon
that night; its copper glow was weirdly soothing. 

I drifted off. 

In that brief lapse, I had the strangest vision. The sight of a hand
approaching my mouth, wet fingers the color of fresh snow hooking under
my teeth, stretching my jaw wide. Of an arm shoving past my molars,
fingernails scraping against the inside of my throat; a five-legged
tarantula burrowing deeper and deeper. Part of me wanted nothing more
than to just let it happen: to give in, give up, give myself and my
burdens away. 

But I couldn’t. 

My eyes shot open. 

Adrenaline erupted through my blood. 

I was halfway into another lane, inches away from colliding with a rusty
blue sedan. 

I swerved. Burning rubber screeched. I clenched my jaw, gripped the
wheel, and stabilized. 

A long sigh billowed from my lungs. 

Concerned that a traffic cop might have witnessed the blunder, I flicked
my gaze to the rearview mirror. 

There was someone in the backseat of my car. 

Their torso was rigid, porcelain-white, and still. 

Their hands were clasped in their lap. 

Their eyes were tiny black pinpoints. 

I gasped, stiffened, blinked. 

And the figure was gone. 

My phone started to buzz. 

I yanked it from my back pocket. Answered with the expectation of
hearing Sam’s groggy but irate baritone on the other line, asking where
the fuck I was. 

“Hey - I’m so sorry for not texting,” I started, taking a deep,
shuddering breath. 

“Something…something happened, Sam.” 

I waited. 

Static fizzed from the receiver. 

Then:

“may I speak with Lev, please?” 

The voice was low and flat, nearly lifeless. 

My heart began to gallop. 

“may I speak with Lev, please?” 

Same intonation. Same volume. The repetition was completely identical. 

I pulled the phone away and examined the screen: 

UNKNOWN CALLER 

Hesitantly, I placed the receiver back to my ear. 

“Who is this?!”

The voice started to accelerate and fracture.

“mayIspeak - mayIspeakwithLev - mayIspeakwith - mayIspeakwith -
pleasepleasepleasepleaseple - “ 

I hung up. 

Before I could even set the phone down, they were calling again. 

Then a third time. 

And a fourth, and a fifth, and - 

I threw my phone into the glove compartment and slammed it shut. The
damn thing died about halfway home. Didn’t bother to charge it when I
got back. Just lumbered into bed, numb, aching, and exasperated. I had
to be up to take Sam to a neurology appointment in two short hours. 

I woke up feeling like hell.

Lurched through my morning routine like the living dead. As if to
counterbalance my fatigue, Alicia was an absolute firecracker:
cartwheeling from place to place, arguing with imaginary friends, trying
to help the cat brush her teeth. And all the while, Sam was doing
everything he could to make his annoyance crystal clear. 

“So…what was it this time?” He asked, skewering bits of scrambled egg
with no intent of actually eating them. 

“Huh?” 

Alicia was on the couch, singing between bites of French Toast, belting
out some made-up tune. (”Ida! Ida! she sweeter than apple cid-ah…”). A
shit-eating smirk slithered across Sam’s jaw. 

“The all-important, all-consuming crisis, I mean - Lev stub his toe?”

I sat down next to him at the table but struggled to find the words.
Memories resurfaced. Terrible images of blackened skin and exposed bone,
of my brother’s mangled body floating towards me. My head was roaring. 

“Sam…”

“Tummyache?”

“Seriously, listen - “ 

“Scraped knees?” he interjected. “Or a twisted ankle?” 

(“Ida! Ida! oh, oh, long legs like a spi-dah!”)

“Come on, Dahlia, fess up - where was the boo-boo this time?” 

I couldn’t take it.

I leaped from the kitchen table, chair legs shrieking against the
hardwood floor. 

“He almost died, Sam!” 

His smirk evaporated, face draining of color.

Alicia went silent.

I glared at my husband, rage digging its hot fangs into the soft meat of
my eyes. 

“Actually! He could already be dead. No idea if the hospital called,
’cause my phone’s been out of battery for hours.” I ripped the device
from my pocket and lobbed it onto the table. Sam flinched as it
clattered against his plate. 

“Charge it. Figure out the neurologist appointment yourself. Call your
Mom, or a friend, an Uber - I don’t care. I’m going to fucking
hospital.” 

I stormed outside and jumped into the car, blind with fury, 

completely forgetting why I’d let my phone die in the first place. 

- - - - -

I waded through the next month with a throbbing heart and bated breath,
bracing myself for what I’d been informed was inevitable. 

But Lev never passed. 

His body was slowly healing. 

That said, he hadn’t woken up. 

I visited every day, even after our local fire chief smeared my
brother’s reputation with his verdict:

“Arson, with a singular victim, and a singular perpetrator.” 

Thankfully, there was a bit of good news.

All of a sudden, my husband could wiggle his toes. 

A curious sort of miracle. 

The neurologist recommended extreme caution when it came to hope. His
condition was incredibly vicious; it rarely regressed. But in the face
of terminal disability and a lifetime trapped in his own body, we
savored the win. 

And Sam just kept getting better. 

Toes, then heels, then ankles, then calves, so on and so on. It was like
his nerves had been rebooted. The movements seemed hard to control -
jerky and spastic - but they were movements nonetheless. The progress
did wonders for his temperament. He was smiling again, laughing again,
empathetic again, and despite his profound disdain for Lev, he was
checking in. 

“How’s he doing?”

It was beautiful.

“So, has he woken up?”

I was on cloud nine.  

“We should visit Lev.”

But I was diluted. 

“Can we visit him, Dahlia?”

Bliss is a strange, intoxicating thing. It anesthetizes. Makes you
docile.

“Can we visit him, together, please?” 

It obscures the obvious until it’s much, much too late.

I was helping Alicia clean up her room one morning. Sam was still
asleep. He’d had a restless night: coughing, mumbling nonsense, flailing
his arms. I had no intention of waking him up; Alicia and I had plenty
to occupy ourselves with in the meantime. It was nice, and it was
normal, but then I caught her staring at me. Her expression was
teetering between confusion and worry. I finished hanging up her
T-shirts, shut the closet door, and walked over. 

“Everything okay, sweetheart?” 

She nodded. Her worry had been replaced with a weak grin. 

“Yeah. I just…don’t get why you never talked about her.” 

“Who, honey?”

“Aunt Ida!”

I cocked my head. 

Alicia scowled. Her eyes rolled like stray marbles. 

“If she’s gonna live here,” she gestured toward the closet, “I should
know stuff about her.”

My gaze drifted to the door and the darkness therein. 

“Like, you know, what colors does she like? What food’s her favorite? I
never know what to ask her about, and she talks a lot…”

I crept forward. 

Alicia continued in the background, unfazed. 

“Did you know she’s from the upstairs, like, the all-the-way-upstairs?
That’s how she met Uncle Lev! From the top of the sky she saw him glow,
bright like a Jack-O’-lantern.” 

I wrapped a damp palm over the knob. 

“And with our help, she’s gonna help him glow eeeeeven brighter…”

I took a ragged breath,

and I pulled. 

The door creaked open. 

I saw clothes, plushies, board games.

Nothing more. 

“She’s not there anymore, Mama. You just missed her.” 

I turned around, but before I could move, I was frozen in place by a
flurry of thumps emanating from the hallway. Rapid and arrhythmic, they
were approaching my daughter’s room. Alicia ran behind me and buried her
face into my blouse. 

Then, there he was. 

Standing steady in the doorway, upright for the first time in over a
year, holding something tightly against the side of his neck. 

A box cutter. 

His eyes were wild. His skin was a pale, porcelain-white.

And in a voice that wasn’t his own, with harsh static bubbling up his
throat, Sam said:

“May I…speak with…Lev, please?”

- - - - -

The acrid stench of disinfectant hung heavy in the cramped hospital
corridor. 

Sam had my palm in a vice grip. As my hand swung, it grazed the
still-unsheathed box cutter in his pocket. We moved quickly, silently,
with purpose: the thing puppeting his legs was a bloodhound with a
one-track mind. 

It wanted to get to my brother, and I’d learned what would happen if I
refused to cooperate. 

I pleaded with him to let me take Alicia with us. She was four, and she
was petrified beyond words: I couldn’t just leave her home alone. Sam
shook his head. He twisted the box cutter against his skin, and blood
began to flow: a small, accelerating trickle. I shouted that I’d leave
her behind. Only then did he pull back. He threw on a coat with a collar
large enough to hide the cut and directed me outside, gesturing to the
driver’s seat of our sedan. Alicia had her face pressed into the foyer
window as we pulled away. 

Sam reached for the handle to Lev’s room. 

Terror swelled. Frantic heartbeats rattled my teeth. I had no plan. If I
made a scene, God only knows what thing inside Sam would do. But I
couldn’t just let him hurt Lev, could I? They claimed they just wanted
to speak with Lev, but how could I possibly trust this thing, “Aunt
Ida”, the entity lurking inside my husband? 

The door swung. A rush of icy air crawled over my skin.

Sam crept in. 

Machinery went haywire. The lights in the corridor flickered. Every
monitor on the hospital floor began to beep like mad. Air hissed from
oxygen tanks. Panicked staff shuffled behind me, overwhelmed by the
abrupt and inexplicable meltdown. I didn’t move. I couldn’t. I stared at
my brother and my husband, my scarred and broken people. Once again, it
became one or the other. The universe was forcing me to make a
decision. 

Wasn’t it? 

Sam leaned over Lev. 

I imagined him dragging the blade across my brother’s neck, the poor
little thing lying helpless in that hospital bed,

and I made my choice. 

I bolted in, shoulder forward, screaming for help. Sam had his thumb
against Lev’s forehead. He was whispering at an impossible,
unintelligible speed. Sharp words flowed from his throat like
machine-gun fire. Just before my arm crashed into his flank,

Lev’s eyes exploded open. 

As Sam and I collided, I felt my husband’s body go limp. 

The lights stopped flickering. 

The monitors stopped beeping. 

The impact sent him face-first onto the cold tile. 

I stood beside Lev’s hospital bed, panting, disoriented, flirting with
the notion that everything was going to be alright. 

An iron-tinged odor began to fill the room. 

I looked down. 

Sam’s right thigh was sopping wet. The surrounding tile was becoming
stained a thick crimson.

A nurse pushed past me. Then another. And another. 

A woman in a dirty white lab coat began screaming questions at me. I
couldn’t hear them; all the sound in the room seemed to have vanished. I
turned to Lev. 

In the mayhem, he’d grabbed a pen off the top of a nearby end table. 

He was scribbling something on his bedsheets. 

An address. 

Over, and over, and over again. 

An orderly knocked into me as he rushed out of the room. He was holding
a plastic bag with a blood-stained box cutter inside.

I returned my attention to Sam. 

He was on his back now. A nurse was straddling him, pushing his hard
into his chest with a pair of cupped hands. His eyes were empty. His jaw
was wide and relaxed. Something began to emerge from his open mouth. A
bouquet of wriggling, pearly fingers. Then a pair of twisting arms. And
eventually, a complete woman, with porcelain skin and beady black eyes
the size of deer ticks. 

No one reacted. 

She skittered toward me on all fours. Once at my feet, she sprang
upright and pressed her face into mine. Her crystalline eyes glistened
like volcano glass. 

I felt clammy fingertips wrenching at my lower lip. 

I heard someone shouting about a time of death. 

I didn’t resist her. 

She slithered inside me. 

And once she was settled, 

Aunt Ida congratulated me. 

“Well done, love. This isn’t a punishment; it’s a gift. Look. You’re
free now.”

“And don’t worry…”

“I know exactly how you can repay me.” 

- - - - -

The police didn’t feel compelled to investigate Sam’s death. To them, it
was all pretty straightforward. 

The mechanism was strange, but it was simple. Hemorrhagic shock. Blood
loss from a severed femoral artery.

The motivation was even simpler.

Sam had debt,

Lev refused to give him money,

and I, once again, 

saved my brother from certain death.

I’m okay with the narrative. 

Aunt Ida is, too. 

Everything has become simple, so perfectly simple.  

Slowly, surely, Lev recovered from his injuries. 

The day he was discharged, he told me he found a new studio. Said
someone emailed him about it. When I asked where, he regurgitated the
address he’d scribbled all over his hospital sheets. He doesn’t seem to
remember that part. 

I’m okay with that narrative, too, because the ends justify the means. 

Lev doesn’t know it, but he is changing.

Even as I type this, he’s continuing his bloom. 

Aunt Ida says he’s going to paint his opus. She described it to Alicia
and me; once he’s done, everything will be different. Better. Cleaner.
No more tension, no more loose ends. No more conflict, no more
frustration, no more pain. 

That’s worth giving everything for, right? 

I can’t find Alicia. 

I know it’ll be worth it. 

Where is Alicia? 

It has to be worth it. 

Jesus Christ, when was the last time I saw Alicia? 

Lev is my little brother, after all. 

And I’d do anything to 

help my 

poor, helpless 

little brother. 
