As a garbage man in his early 20s my life was nothing special but I
always liked it that way, everyday was predictable. I wanted that

Well… until a couple of weeks ago when it had gone down hill

Sometime in 2012, I think in July I had decided to go to the pool, it
was a hot summers day and I thought a little dip in the pool wouldn’t be
bad

On my way there… I saw something strange, on a telephone pole spray
painted on it… was a stickfigure in blue paint with its right arm raised
up like it was waving

I didn’t think it was weird but as I kept thinking about it, I realized
truly how unusual it was

Anyway, the pool trip isn’t important, the only thing relating to this
story was how much I was thinking about it…

After the pool trip I had thought of going back and seeing what was up
with that pole but I decided it was too late at night and it was
probably nothing anyway

I realized I should probably get to picking up everyone’s garbage since
it was my turn to drive the truck

I lazily got out of bed and put on my uniform, outside the sky was blue…
not bright blue but the blue you see right before darkness

Once I had gotten in the truck it was basically pitch black outside, you
couldn’t even see your own hand in front of your face

After a couple of hours, maybe like 4 I was nearly done collecting
everyone’s trash and I had gotten out of the truck and walked up to a
bag that had just been left out in the road, that’s when I saw it

Again, on another telephone pole was another spray painted blue
stickfigure, it’s arm was pointing west and that just so happen to be
the same direction the road turned to

I stared at it before snapping myself back and taking the trash

I went down the road and stopped at an intersection, another pole,
pointing left

I simply couldn’t help myself, cmon i was a 21 year old garbage man with
nothing to do after this so why not

I went left and the road turned into a dark dirt road with trees
surrounding it

This road was weirdly long, long enough for me to question why it was so
long. I was planning to turn around when suddenly

My high beams had turned off. I was in complete darkness

“God damn it… stupid truck”

As I tried to turn them back on I faintly heard the sound of leaves
crunching

“Must be an animal”

Well that’s what I thought until

Tap tap tap

Something I couldn’t see on the other side of the door tapped on the
window

I froze

For a bit I stayed frozen

Since my high beams were off I couldn’t see anything that was outside
not even the trees

The tapping didn’t stop

Tap tap tap

Pause

Tap tap tap… faster this time as if whatever was outside was trying to
desperately get inside

I stood frozen staring at the window afraid to look away

Then I hit the gas

I sped for a while, enough to get me in trouble but, I didn’t care… I’m
pretty sure no one would have

Luckily the road wasn’t too long, I was able to finally get home

I returned the garbage truck and got into my own car

My co workers asked why I looked so pale, I said I saw beaver in the
truck

It was not a beaver

Definitely not a beaver

Driving home was awkward despite no one else was in the car

I had finally gotten back to my house and quietly ate dinner alone

After what happened I didn’t want to sleep alone so I wanted the TV on
while I slept

Problem was I couldn’t find the remote to my living room TV so I decided
to sleep in the basement and use the TV down there

I had laid down on the basement couch when I started asking myself “what
was that thing?” as if I was supposed to know

I didn’t ask myself this for long however because my eyes had become
heavy and I drifted off to sleep

CRASH

I woke up to the sound of glass shattering upstairs

I went up and looked around, nothing… my kitchen window was broken but
no one was here

I eventually went to go back down the stairs when something in my
bedroom had shifted slightly, a creaking noise echoed through the house

“Nope, screw that” I said as I went for the front door

I didn’t stop walking until I was completely outside and on the other
side of the road

I looked at my house and… through my bedroom window… I saw someone
looking through the window back at me

I stayed at my sister’s house for the night

I couldn’t sleep obviously, so I had to try and distract myself. After a
sleepless night I asked my sister if I could vacuum the place for her.
Just to get my mind off whatever was happening. Obviously she said yes
because why wouldn’t she.

She had to go to a picnic party with her friends and left me alone

I grabbed the vacuum and plugged it into an outlet in the living room.
My sister’s kitchen door is a little different, instead of an actual
door she had 2 leather curtains that had magnets in them to close them
together.

When I got in the kitchen I couldn’t see the outlet of the vacuum. I
began vacuuming the kitchen, this whole time I felt this weird buzzing
feeling in my head I vacuumed the very small kitchen and was nearly done
with kitchen when suddenly I heard a slight snapping sound and the
vacuum stopped, it was suddenly silent in the kitchen

I opened the curtain and saw, something had unplugged the vacuum, I
didn’t even see anything out there, I would have guessed I went to far
and unplugged it myself but I was way to close to the outlet for that

I stayed awake for days and days, how couldn’t you?

Days went by, of whatever this was just messing with my life, I woke up
to see shattered plates on the ground despite not hearing anything,
spilled cups on the floor and I swear I closed more doors then I opened.
I couldn’t take it anymore, I had to figure out what the hell was
happening. So I grabbed my car and found those stickmen painted on those
telephone poles, and went back down the road

When I found the first telephone pole with a stickman on it I felt cold,
anxiety built up inside me and for a moment, I didn’t want to continue
but I knew if I turned back the thing messing with my life would
continue and I don’t know about you but I don’t want that continuing, so
I pressed the pedal and slowly entered the dirt road. It was quiet, I
tried to turn on the radio but all I heard was loud static

I turned a corner when, Something caught my eye

I found it

The dark dirt road that ruined my life, the road that had me feeling a
constant feeling of anxiety and in a fight or flight mode

I wasn’t even halfway down the road when creepy stuff started happening,
my car stopped. Luckily unlike last time I was able to turn it back on
in just 2 tries. When the car started back up I could have sworn the
road had changed in some way, pebbles were scattered around like someone
had run across the road fastly while I was turning on the car.

Strangely I felt the road was not as long as I thought it was, when I
eventually got to the end I ended up at this dark abandoned church. I
got out of the car and just stared at the church. It looked huge, bigger
than a regular church. I turned around to look at my car, it was almost
like it was begging me to turn back, to get in and to just forget about
this. I didn’t, I walked it, probably my biggest mistake in this journey

The inside of the church was dark. I first saw 2 doors on each side of
the church, in the middle was a statue or a fountain that didn’t work,
it was white with vines covering it. I felt carpet on the floor and saw
2 dull lights hanging on the ceiling. The doors opened leading to the
main room. Multiple Chairs and in the back was a stand and a cross
behind it, in the back there was another door, which lead to stairs
going down, I headed down the stairs and ended up in this hallway with a
room at the end, I took one step into the hallway and suddenly a loud
crashing noise echoed behind me, at first I thought it was the fountain
tilting over, but it wasn’t. I knew that

I continued down the hallway and I could have sworn anytime I moved
something else did with me. I got to the end and inside was a dark sad
cry room with 2 chairs and a tv on top of a closet, behind the TV was
multiple crosses on the wall which looked uncanny, they are just
scattered on the wall behind the TV

Then it began approaching

Doors began flying open and things began being thrown around, lights
flickered and out from the hallway came out a large black stickman with
a mouth, it made groaning noises and that buzzing feeling in my head
came back.

For what felt like hours I stared at the large creature and it stared
back with its non-existent eyes, suddenly it moved, it turned and when
it hit 90 degrees it completely disappeared like a piece of paper, then
turned back

I don’t think I ran faster in my life, I ran through a door behind me
and bolted listening to the creature follow me, screaming with it’s
weird 2d mouth,

I couldn’t stay running though, I had to hide or else I wouldn’t be able
to get out. I ran into a room with a counter and hid behind that.

For a while it was silent and I almost believed I had made it up until I
heard slow footsteps, and low groaning noises that sounded like “Hello”
“hello”

“Hi” “hello”

“Hello” “helloooo”

It continued for so long, I didn’t make a sound. I just sat there
listening to the creature try and find me.

It sounded like it was looking under chairs and breaking bottles on the
floor, I was able to get the courage to crawl through the counter and
out the door, quietly

I carefully got up and sneaked towards the door leading to the cry room,
for a couple of minutes I was too scared to open the door, in case the
door would creak if I tried to, but luckily a trick I learned as a kid
is if you quickly open it, the door won’t creak

I swung the door open and sneaked out the room. I sprint walked into the
cry room as I heard the creature throw chairs in a fit because it
couldn’t find me. When I got to the main church area I saw the cross
behind the stand was slammed into the wall and in the area leading to
the main area the statue was crushed and in bits on the floor.

When I got into my car I stepped on it and got out the road as fast as I
could.

When I got home I stayed silent the whole time. I didn’t want to talk
about it, I wanted to forget about it. It’s been a couple of months and
nothing has happened but I still feel uneasy in my house and I sometimes
feel like something is straight up right in front of me. Just hiding in
plain sight.
