I saw a man walking up my street, sunglasses on and a guitar slung over
his back.

I couldn’t stop watching as he sauntered along. Blades of grass and
branches on trees seemed to bend towards him as he passed. A dog barked
then abruptly stopped, letting out a longing whine instead. The air
itself seemed pulled to him, and as he got closer, I felt the breath
leave my lungs. He turned his head to look at me as he went by, but all
I could see was the reflection of my own awestruck face in his glasses.

The next time I saw him, he was perched on a rock at the corner of a
busy street, plucking out a haunted tune. The guitar’s notes tugged at
my chest, drawing me toward their promises, filling emptiness I didn’t
know existed. My mother’s hand yanking me out of the street brought me
back; her yells and the screech of car tires drowned out the music. She
marched me away, berating me for not paying attention, though I could
feel her hand trembling on my wrist. I turned to see the man watching,
his fingers continuously roving over the strings.

He was still on the rock when I saw him again, but a crowd of people sat
at his feet. They didn’t move, caught in his melodic web. I watched from
a distance, hesitant to move closer but yearning to do just that. As I
watched, more people joined the cluster, the same slack-jawed look on
their faces. I recognized a boy from my school, his books still clutched
to his chest as he sat, transfixed. A lady from up my street, fresh from
the salon, sat next to him.  The wind carried a note to me, and I felt a
stab in my chest, the emptiness that remained after I first heard the
melody filling for a single moment. I listened, dreading and hoping for
more, but my bus pulled in front of me. I climbed on, and I watched him
and his crowd grow smaller as the bus carried me away.

I saw the man walking down my street, sunglasses on and a guitar slung
over his back.

The world curled in on him as he strolled, though I braced myself,
digging my heels into the dirt. He turned to look at me and smiled as he
passed, and I saw my hardened face reflected in his glasses.

An invisible wall surrounds the rock now. Anyone needing to walk past
crosses the street abruptly. Children do not play there. Drivers avert
their eyes, humming loudly to themselves while they wait impatiently for
the light to change. To anyone in town, that corner no longer exists.

The people are still there, quiet as stone. Their hair is brittle and
hangs in strings from their parchment scalps, their sunburnt, blistered
skin stretched over protruding bones. Their eyes are open, watching in
wonder at something we cannot see, their ears listening to a melody we
cannot hear.

Sometimes, if I listen closely, I almost can.
