I found myself hungover again, lying uncomfortably on my bed as the foul
stench of vomit stuck to my breath. I’d forgotten how many
times I’d done this sad routine. This punishment for a night of
frivolous joy. It didn’t matter anyway. It wasn’t like I had anywhere
else to be. With great effort, I strung myself upwards, feeling the
liquids inside me shift violently about. I gritted my teeth and slowly
opened my eyes. Light came spilling from the cracks in my blinds, my
retinas sizzling as they snagged a stray sunbeam. Quickly, I returned to
the comfort of my eyelids. When I finally opened them again, everything
had grown darker, and I could see the mess my room had become. Strewn
about the floor were clothes, crumbs and crumpled cans, clumping
together like tumours on an already diseased home.   

As I went to lay my head back down, I heard a ding from my phone, lying
face down across the cluttered room. I tried to stand up, but the heavy
lurch from my stomach pushed me back to the bed, forcing me to sit with
my hand clenched to keep the vomit down. With no other solution, I
crawled toward the phone, snaking across the ground until its light
could hit my eyes. When it flicked on, the GPS app opened, revealing a
path to a location I’d never heard of. It wasn’t any form of landmark,
or spot of natural beauty, just a set of coordinates, leading me to a
spot an 30 minutes from here. Why was I trying to get there last night?
And why did I give up? I sat on it awhile, wondering the point of
following a drunk man’s blind and unknown ambitions. Still, as I stared
at those unfamiliar numbers, there was a draw. It was almost like a
string, something tying me to those numbers for reasons I couldn’t
understand. What the hell, I thought, I had nothing to do today anyway.
Grabbing the edge of the counter, I pulled myself upwards, my
stomach now quieter in its protest. I grabbed my keys and a bottle of
water and headed down to my car. I sat at the wheel, my bloodshot
eyes reflecting back in the mirror. I’d need a minute before I went,
I couldn’t go in this state. Yet, as I caught sight of the keys,
glistening in the morning sun, seeming to beg me to leave this dreaded
place, I could not refuse. Against the wishes of my body, I slipped the
key into the ignition, starting up the car and beginning my journey to
the mystery spot.  

After a tumultuous journey, driving as slow as I could to quell my
stomach, I parked up close as I could get, at the side of the freeway,
still fifteen minutes away. The phone dinged again, asking me to enter
the small passage ahead of me. It scared me at first, the giant wall of
brown rock looming down on me, yet I pushed forward. I wedged myself
into the passage and awkwardly shifted my way down. Why am I doing this?
I thought to myself. My life waits for me back in the city. My friends,
my family, my job, my girlfriend. Yet, there was still the pull. Maybe
just the pull of unfamiliar motivation, but a pull nonetheless. I
shifted past another rock, leading to a ledge overlooking a flat stretch
of dusty sand. Despite my initial horror, the thoughts of wasted time
washing over me like acid rain, there was something about this place.
The air was sweeter, the rocks more vivid, the sand carried by the wind
saltier against my lips. I decided to stay, the chance of something
being here far outweighing the pain of sitting in nature, looking out at
the desert as dawn sprung to dusk. As the sun began to set, and my eyes
began to wear, I saw something muscle its way out from the horizon.  

A creature, the size of a small house, was galloping into the clearing.
It red eyes were set into the head of a cow, a small gold ring hanging
from its nose. It was perched upon a bulging, muscular neck, resembling
a tree trunk more than any part of an animal. The body was slender,
almost luminescent in the dying sunlight, coated in every colour I had
ever found beautiful, leading toward four giant legs both hooved and
clawed, kicking and scratching into the dust as it moved. I stood,
unable to move, my eyes fixed toward the animal. I was like a fish,
lifted from my narrow pond and shown the sun dancing in the bubble-gum
sky. I didn’t think so much beauty existed in this world. Dropping to my
knees, I saw it run off into the night, turning into a small black speck
upon the horizon. The further it got, the more my lungs seemed to empty,
until I stood gaunt and hallow, staring at the now invisible dot. It
took a while before thoughts re-entered my head, their choir screaming
the same word in different voices. Run. A jolt of energy flowed through
my veins, and I began to sprint after the creature. A mad pursuit. A
wild dash. On and on I ran, kicking up years of dust and rock beneath my
feet. Even as my legs began to weep, and my saliva dried and clumped in
my mouth, I never stopped my chase. I will never stop running, as I
know, deep in my bones, a world without the creature is no world at all.
