As my eyes were aching from the bright light through my laptop, the
formulas just refused to make any proper sense. Everything was tangled
up in my brain, like it couldn’t be undone by the greatest
mathematicians themselves. Why was the u-substitution not working in
this question, and why was the chain rule used in this one? For Christ’s
sake, I just wanted to pass, not become the next Leibniz (no offense),
but I swear this video lecture was about to give me enough information
to create my own formula.

Fuck, just get to the point. I don’t have any enthusiasm for maths’
long-lost history. If I wanted to study the theatrics of calculus, I
would’ve done that before the semester took place.

“Great. I was losing sanity right before my maths resit exam.”

Yep, it was my second time giving this exam.

Year one of university well, went wild, friends, parties, alcohol,
smoking, hookups, all that good stuff. Of course, I didn’t care about
CAL 101.

I mean, it was my first taste of independence, and I promised to live it
to the fullest. Except I forgot college consists of exams that I need to
pass in order to get to the following year.

To be fair, though, I did study for other subjects and passed them with
grades higher than my expectations. But when it came to maths, yeah, my
brain refused to function. And, well, surprise, I failed. Not quite
shocking. I was fully expecting that. I barely wrote shit on my exam
paper and left the exam an hour early.

But this time, I wasn’t going to make the same mistake, so I took
tutoring classes, studied every day until I physically gave up, and did
dangerous amounts of questions until they filled all the empty notebooks
left in my house.

I refuse to fail this time.

Pretty soon, the day of dread arrived, and just a day before I travelled
back to my uni. However, there was something different about being there
during this time.

Not necessarily fully nostalgic, but not entirely unfamiliar either. I
assume when you’re so used to seeing the university overflowing with
students, the deserted hallways can feel strangely haunting.

Regardless of the unsettling feeling, it felt nice to be back at a place
that held a few of my most precious memories.

I walked towards my dorm room, and the corridors, which once held
laughter and giggles, were still and lifeless. That’s when I realized
how much the students built the fun, because otherwise, our building
could pass for a set of a horror movie.

It was nice being back home.

I was enjoying watching the flashbacks, but they were now playing in HD
until the rational part of me corrupted my thoughts with maths and how I
still had to do loads of revision.

Thanks for ruining the moment, dude.

With no other option, I got my books out and got back to work in an
instant.

Hours flew by as I did my last minute revision. I had ten lectures in
total, and I planned to go through each one of them by practicing two to
three hard questions from each lecture.

The plan was working quite well. I was solving each complicated question
with ease.

Eventually, I got so engulfed in completing my revision that I had lost
all sense of time, and only after my head was physically aching did I
decide to glance at the clock.

2:12 AM.

What?

There was absolutely no way I was studying for seven hours.

That’s it. I forced my stiff body out of that damn chair and stretched
my entire body. Every muscle in my back felt like it had personally
declared war against me.

I walked around my room for a bit, trying to get some feeling into my
legs, which felt numb at this point.

I think I’ll pass tomorrow. I definitely will.

Not thinking about maths now, I scolded myself and reached out to pull
the curtain of my window when the time suddenly hit me.

It was midnight at an almost-empty university, beside the other few
students and workers who were now asleep.

The night was mine, and that thought terrified me more than it should
have.

I opened up the windows, and a soft, cold breeze brushed against my
face, raising goosebumps along my skin. And, cherry on top, the darkness
had painted my entire campus, with only faint streetlights illuminating
the streets.

There was a cafeteria right across from our dorm building, and my room
gave me a perfect view of it.

I mostly saw the sofas being occupied by various types of students every
day: the lovers, the confused freshmen, the group project team who
absolutely despised each other, and, last but not least, the drug
junkies.

It was so odd seeing nothing more than dark shapes beneath the weak
streetlights. I could barely make out the chairs.

I just stood there for a few minutes, staring outside, sitting with the
uncomfortable feeling that was growing inside me.

It was probably exam anxiety. I didn’t want to repeat Year One after
all. I brushed the unease off somehow and tried to calm myself down.

I was just about to close the curtains when something caught my eye,
something that made me wish I had no sight.

Wait.

There was someone?

Someone was standing near the infamous sofas of the cafeteria.

There was no way the cafeteria had students, and it was closed now. So
how was someone standing there? And more importantly, why?

Fear almost washed over me before I tried to reason logically. I was,
after all, mentally exhausted from too much pressure.

Maybe I was imagining things.

It was too dark to see whoever it was properly, but I could make out the
outline of a person standing in the space between the tables and the
sofa.

What was anyone possibly doing there at 2 AM?

I leaned closer to get a better look, and now I was sure that was
definitely a person standing there.

They weren’t moving. Barely breathing. Just still and motionless in a
quiet, unnerving way.

I waited.
Nothing.

Maybe it was a student or someone just like me studying late. But by the
cafeteria? And why at 2 AM when everything was closed? I mean,
logically, the library was still open, so why not go study in the
library? How did they even get in there?

Nothing made sense.

I started believing calculus had officially taken over my sanity.

I squinted my eyes, trying to see their face, and that’s when I noticed
something strange.

This person, or whatever this was, was directly looking at my building.
More specifically…
My window.

Wait.

My window?

I froze.

Why?

I didn’t look away, nor did I flinch. I remained still, trying to study
the creature. Simultaneously, chills ran through my spine, but terror
refused to allow any type of movement.

Then the streetlight flickered, revealing a glimpse of the person.

And what my eyes captured blinded me.

Because what I saw was no one other than me.
Myself.

It was wearing exactly what I was wearing.

Same shirt.
Same fucking pants.
The same messy bun.

Instinctively, I looked down at myself and ran my hands over my
trembling body to check if I was real.

Then I looked back at the window.

The figure was still there.

Fuck.

Except now, I could see her face undeniably clearly.

It was mine.

It was completely pale, and where there were meant to be eyes, there
were two black holes.

I grabbed the curtain tightly, and with all the little force I had left
in me, I slammed the window shut and stumbled backwards, gasping for any
oxygen left in my room to fill my desperate lungs.

For what feels like an eternity, I sat there, absolutely unable to shake
off the unease.

Unwillingly, the image kept replaying again and again.

What could that possibly be? A hallucination that was a product of
exhaustion, or something that was beyond my comprehension?

Because why the fuck was each and every detail identical to me?

Was I dead?

“Shut up,” I dismissed my terrifying thought.
If that was nothing more than a hallucination, it might not still be
there.

So reluctantly, I decided to slowly reach out for the curtains.

My fingers were trembling, but I gathered all the dead courage from my
body.

I peeked through the small gap and scanned the cafeteria.

Nothing.

It was vacant.

No trace of any living thing.

I stared at it for a few seconds, almost expecting her to appear again,
but there was nothing. Just the empty cafeteria.

I exhaled, finally realizing I had been holding my breath. Maybe I had
really imagined the whole thing.

I almost let out a small laugh at myself and felt stupid as fuck. God, I
had been studying calculus so much that I decided to create a whole
horror movie. Literally. Now, this was gonna be a fun story to tell my
friends.

Because literally, calculus was my new fucking weed. It had made me so
high.

See, I told you guys I would have enough information to create my own
formula.

“I’ll be smoking calculus now,” I murmured while cleaning my bed and
wrapping up my study session for today.

I brushed my teeth, got ready for bed, and locked my room (just in
case).

I pulled the blanket over myself and closed my eyes.

For the first time in what felt like hours, my mind began to quiet down.
As I was about to slip into my sweet slumber, a sound jolted me awake.

A noise that shouldn’t be present at this time of the day.

Click.

My eyes shot open.

I didn’t move.

Another sound followed.

It was the unmistakable sound of a door being opened.

My bedroom door was locked.
I knew that.

But that wasn’t the door I heard.
It was the main door.

Someone had just entered my fucking flat.
My entire body went cold.

Maybe one of my roommates was back.
No.
That was impossible.

They had been out of the country and had no plans of returning.

But it couldn’t possibly be someone else. The main door only opened
through our student cards.

Dread and adrenaline washed over me, and I was sweating profusely. I
tried to sit upright and listen to the faint sounds from outside.

Those were footsteps.

Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.

Someone was actually inside.

“What do I do? What do I do?”

The footsteps were the opposite of what I expected. They were painfully
slow, as if the person outside wanted me to suffer with each next
movement.

Unhurried.

Coming closer.

My breathing became shallow. I grabbed my phone and held it tightly in
my hand, my shivering thumbs hovering over the emergency call button.

Then I heard a voice that shouldn’t have existed beyond my room.

I forgot how to breathe because that voice was no other than mine.

It was mine?

“I know you’re in there.”

My throat dried up.

The voice continued with a calmness that almost felt tormenting.

“Stop gripping your phone so tightly, love. No one’s coming to save you.
Your battery is dead, and the charger is out here.”

And like on cue, the battery died.
Fuck.

Who is this?
I felt slight drops of water on my cheeks as I realized I was crying out
of fear.

I heard the faintest chuckle from the other side of the door.

“I know you’re holding onto that cassette for comfort, love.”

My blood ran cold.

Because not only was I gripping the cassette, but nobody knew I even
owned that. Not even my parents.

It was the one thing that I had kept away from everyone. I didn’t want
anyone to know about my little special comfort item, so I kept it
hidden.

Like a little secret.

“Oh, you have a lot of secrets, love, don’t you?”

“Who are you? What do you want from me?”

For a few seconds, there was silence, which felt louder than any word
said by her.

Then she spoke, a small laugh following through.
“You saw me.”

“What?”

My stomach tightened.
The cafeteria.
The girl.
Me.

I suddenly remembered the way she had stood there, staring at me as
though she’d been waiting.

“You weren’t supposed to see me, love.”

“Why?”

“Because you weren’t supposed to be here.”

I froze, thoughts spiraling with the worst possible scenarios.

“What is that supposed to mean?”

Silence followed, then a faint chuckle again.

“You were supposed to leave the university.”

I stared at the door, clueless, brows furrowed. I was more perplexed
than ever. Who was whoever this was talking about?

“What the fuck are you talking about?”

“You stayed.”

She almost sounded disappointed, as if I had made some sort of big
mistake.

My heart was beating out of my chest at this point.

“You opened the door.”

“What door?”

She didn’t answer.

Instead, I heard the faintest sound of her fingers brushing up against
the other side of the door.

“You remember the cafeteria, don’t you?”

I didn’t reply. I didn’t have the guts to.

“You remember seeing yourself. But you never asked the most important
question.”

“What?” I replied with an unsteady voice.

Her voice dropped to a whisper, almost.

“Why did she look more afraid of you than you were of her?”

I stopped breathing.

The room suddenly felt as if the walls were closing in on me, and I felt
as if there was a lack of oxygen.

“What do you want from me?”

“You saw the truth.”

What truth was she talking about? What have I ever done?

I certainly wish I’d never failed maths.

“You’ve been here before.”

She paused.

“You died, love.”

My blood ran cold.

“You suicided.”

No.

NoNoNoNoNo.

“What t-the fuck, I wou-would remember. You’re lie-ly-lying. Lying.”
The words spilled out unevenly. I could barely understand what I was
saying.

She laughed quietly.

“I’ve tried to tell you this multiple times, love, but I will make sure
this one is your last.”

NO.
NO NO.

I was fully alive. I talked to the watchman. I had breakfast. I wasn’t
dead.

No, I wasn’t.
I couldn’t.
I kept repeating it.

“I wasn’t dead. I wasn’t de-… I wasn’t.”

My body went rigid. I could suddenly feel it. That horrible sensation.
The smell of death.
My sweaty hands.

I could feel the coldness on my shoulders as it gripped me tightly.

“I’m behind you, love.”
