I’m hiding like a pest. It’s cold in this hotel. I doubt there’s any
other guests staying here, not at a place like this. There’s a horror
following me. A parasite that devours anyone close to me. It bleeds them
dry, until some sickness takes a hold of them. It will kill everyone
around me. 

I don’t know how long it’s been here with me. I remember how sick my
family used to get during my childhood. Was that its doing? My best
friend in elementary school, dead from pneumonia. It was because of me,
right? My father is the family I grew up with who is still alive,
barely. But his body will fail, he’s not going to get any better, not
with me. No one around me gets better. And now he’s frantically trying
to find me, running around the city. He puts up posters, he’s called
everyone he knows. But eventually he’ll stop looking. I hope he gets to
read this one day, but not today, not while I’m still here. 

I don’t know what it is, the thing that’s afflicting me. I’ve seen it.
Maybe I’ve always seen it. Maybe I’ve locked eyes with it as a barely
conscious baby. Maybe I convinced myself that what I was seeing was
imaginary, looking at me from across the playground. It’s a ghost, my
ghost.

I truly knew it when I was just a teenager. I was trapped in my room in
sleepless nights and it was there, blocking the door. I’d pretend to be
asleep, stealing glances at it standing there. Just a dark silhouette,
watching me. Eventually the sun would come up and I wouldn’t see it
anymore, but it was still there. I shined a flashlight at it one night,
I saw pale green skin and a bloated, unwashed body. I was too scared to
scream. I just curled in bed and let it watch me. I cried all night and
left for school when the sun came up. I must’ve looked strung out as a
kid. But, I guess it’s understandable when your brother’s dying.

It’s gotten angrier recently. I’ve been so lonely. I don’t know what it
wants, I don’t know what I can do to stop it. I can’t talk to anyone
about it. They see me with pity, they think I’m broken, they think that
my ghost is self-inflicted, they go on and on about their coping
mechanisms and their dissociations and their feelings of control and
it’s not true! I know this is real, I see him looking at me every night,
and it’s getting angrier! They can’t understand that my ghost has caused
so much sorrow. Them sitting there with their medical diplomas and
inviting offices, they refuse to believe me.

A few months ago I tried to fight my loneliness. I’ve been a recluse for
a year now. I just isolate myself away from everyone. I can’t work, I
can’t get my own home. I didn’t interact with my dad anymore. He’s gone
through so much, lost his wife, two kids, and me. I was trying to save
him. He’s starting to get sick by now, I know it. I started talking with
some people online. They were friends, we played video games together
and they lived far, far away from me.

 My ghost is getting restless. A few nights ago I opened my eyes from
bed to see it standing right over me. It was looking down at me, its
head was right above mine as it started to ooze its pain. I looked at
its face and saw dark empty holes where a person should be. 

It started screaming at me, it was so loud it was coming from
everywhere. It was so loud, I had to get away from it, I jumped out of
bed and ran out of my room. I still heard its screams coming from across
the house as I stormed out the front door. As I walked away I looked
back to see it glaring at me from my window still screaming at me. I
heard its wailing as I stumbled around the neighborhood in the dark,
every pebble stabbed my bare feet, I was freezing in my pajamas. When I
came back home at sunrise it was still in my room. Glaring at me. With
those hateful eyes. I saw it in full light, a discolored hairless body,
bloated and deformed, with a shriveled head. It had massive, empty,
hateful eyes with a mouth that it couldn’t keep closed. It stopped
screaming. It’s mad at me, at my isolation. There’s no one I can go to
to stop this, there is no one that would believe me. If you believe me,
you’re insane. But I’m not insane, because my ghost is real. It’s
watching me write this, across the hotel room. Its face lit up from the
street lights outside the window, its eyes filled with anger.

That day one of my online friends got sick, really sick. They were in
the hospital, the doctors recommended thinking about end of life care. I
know my ghost did it, that night it looked satisfied. I can’t do it
anymore. I left the house and I haven’t been back since. I used the
money I could find to get on a bus to the other side of the city. I’ve
been here at this hotel ever since. In the morning I’m taking a bus to a
town 4 hours away. There I am going to walk into the wilderness I will
never walk away from. I know I am going to die out there, I don’t know
which one of us will kill me. It’s what I deserve for all the pain I’ve
caused.

17, that’s the number of people close to me who have gotten sick and
passed away. My mother, my 2 siblings, my grandmother, 5 friends, 2
classmates, 2 teachers, a coworker from my summer job, a pediatrician, a
therapist and one online friend. I hope one day they can forgive me. And
that ghost, who stole my opportunity for a life, I hope it will die with
me.
