It was just last year when my life started coming apart at the seams.

I’d just lost my job, a career I was ready to dedicate my life to. The
circumstances weren’t pretty. Due to my more explosive side, I had
burned every bridge I needed to stay connected in that field. Before
this gig, I had a history of losing jobs within a year of employment,
sometimes within the first six months. It was always my emotions getting
in the way. Always crying too much, or yelling too much, or getting on
people’s nerves for too long. Needless to say, no good contacts for a
reference. No history that was worth a damn in a resume.

For three months, I applied everywhere I could think of. But it wasn’t
of any use. Nobody was willing to hire me.

To top things off, my girlfriend of ten years, who I saw as my emotional
anchor, suddenly and unceremoniously dumped me via a text message,
telling me that it would be better if we never see each other again. I
wasn’t sure where this was coming from, as our relationship was one of
the only positives I can name of the last decade. It turns out she’d
already been seeing other people. More interesting ones with more
flavorful lives. The type of people who could get up and leave
everything behind with no problem, packed in a van and smoking leaf and
singing to their hearts content on the road. I suppose she thought this
wasn’t the kind of life for me to have. She said she still loved me, but
that we had to grow apart. That we couldn’t eat well at the same table.

I already have pretty low self-esteem, so these events happening so
quickly and consecutively put me into a dark place that I don’t think
many people are able to crawl out of.  I could only sit there and
spiral, thinking to myself what I had possibly done wrong, what I could
have done better, all that.  To this day, I still feel invisible
sometimes. Disposable. I don’t know if it’s a wound that’s ever going to
fully heal.

One day, my friend Lucas called me up, asking me if I wanted to go on a
fishing trip. He knew I’d been feeling sorry for myself, and wanted to
help get me out of my tiny apartment and into the warmth of the sun. I
couldn’t be mad at him for wanting to do that, even if fishing had
always been somewhat outside my comfort zone. I texted him back right
away, letting him know I’d be ready to head out in around an hour.
Didn’t put too much effort into “looking good” that day.

When I got in the car, Lucas predictably told me that I looked like I’d
been hit by a truck. I didn’t take much offense to it. It was probably a
better descriptor than how I felt at the time. We drove for a while,
picking up my friends Tyler and DJ along the way. Around an hour away
from us was a popular lake chain, one that we would frequent on the
weekends during college. A land of good drinks, good company and plenty
of sunburns to go around.

It was busy as usual when we pulled up. The nearby beach was packed with
locals and tourists trying to enjoy the little time-off that they had.
Bright orange rescue boats patrolled the lake, occasionally passing by
their fishing brethren and waving a friendly hand. We’d parked out by
the boat ramp, loading Ol’ Reliable into the sun-warmed waters. Tyler
grabbed a six pack of beer, DJ pushed us off and we started our
much-needed journey.

About halfway out, Tyler started badgering Lucas about the fact that
we’d forgotten to bring the life jackets. This should have already been
a bad omen, but Lucas just casually said that we “wouldn’t be going very
far out.”

“If any of you fall out, I can just pull you back to shore,” he joked.

The inertia of the trip and our uncouth pre-gaming tendency won out over
any logic. To Tyler’s dismay, we continued. And we sat out there. And we
talked. Drank some beers and just talked. Sometimes we’d cast a line
out, though Lucas was the only one with his fishing license not expired.
It was a good distraction from the crushing reality I found myself in.
The fact that anybody I loved could just abandon me out of the blue, the
fact that there was no such thing as a safe space, as stability.

At one point, someone suggested that we swim. I don’t remember if it was
DJ or Lucas. Tyler wasn’t having any of it. In the moment, I suppose I
wouldn’t have either if I wasn’t already four beers deep. 

Something about floating out in the middle of the lake was appealing to
me, though. For whatever reason. Maybe I was just thinking about that
one scene in Forrest Gump, where Lieutenant Dan makes his peace with
God. I sought something similar.

So taking after the other two, I ditched my shirt, phone and wallet and
jumped in, just kind of treading water for a bit. It was nice. Cool on
my skin. Just what I needed after working up so many nights of nervous
sweats.

I got tired quickly, though. The water felt heavy, or, well, like it was
pulling me down more than usual. The other guys must have felt it too,
as they clambered back onto the boat. When it came my turn, I ran into a
bit of a predicament.

There was no easy way to get back on the boat, see. No ladder for ease
of access, just this raised platform you’d have to pull yourself back up
onto.

This is an embarrassing time to admit, but I was never great at those
athletic drills they made you do in school. Couldn’t even do a single
pull-up. And I’m sure that fact continues to this day, because when I
was trying my damndest to pull myself out of the water, my noodle arms
kept giving out and I’d fall back in. Each time was more of a violent
fall, until I was totally winded and hanging on for dear life to one of
the buoyant tanks beneath the hull.

The other guys were no help in getting me back up. Damn, if they didn’t
try, though. All three of them were grabbing my arms, trying to hoist me
up, but their drunkenness mixed with our shared lack of fitness made the
task seem Herculean. Tyler started blabbering about how we never should
have come out here, calling Lucas negligent, calling me a dumbass. The
arguing was all but drowned out by the growing panic that I wasn’t going
to be able to get back on this boat.

And something kept pulling.

It wasn’t any physical object, more like a force, like gravity. I was
sinking faster than I could swim, and the longer I held onto the boat,
the more my arms were starting to hurt. Screaming, I told Lucas to start
moving back toward shore. As soon as the boat started moving, my arms
gave out. I lost my grip, and I started to sink. 

Now, I tried to paddle. I tried really hard. But there were cramps, my
limbs seizing up, and that force kept on dragging me down, faster and
faster. I tried to hold my breath, but as the pressure grew and my ears
felt like they were going to pop, so too was the air forced from my
lungs. Eventually, uncontrollable muscle spasms caused my lungs to
contract, water being forced down my esophagus, burning my insides. 

I reached a hand out toward the sunlight, growing more and more distant.
Bubbles of air kept erupting from my flattening lungs. Was it the
sinking, or the drowning that was causing my vision to darken?

I didn’t get an answer, as I suddenly went into freefall, landing
face-down on a cold floor. There I stayed for a few seconds, cheek
pressed against tile that felt weirdly clean. A low electrical hum
filled my ears. When I looked up, I saw the lake, shimmering, almost as
though I was looking at it from above, yet hanging there, suspended.
There were a few shapes I could make out in the water. An odd fish or
two. Some seaweed that extended from seemingly nowhere. 

How was this happening? Some kind of magnetic field? A supernatural
force? I’m not a scientist, or any kind of professional -ist, so I’m not
inclined to try and answer it. All I knew is that it was no illusion.
Ripples spread across the surface as though something just exited at a
high velocity—me. 

The room I was in was completely protected from the water above. It was
large, rectangular, like an office building hiding beneath the waves.
Rows of metal tables covered in sheets, a few with a pillow, most
without. They were all covered in a thin layer of dust. Some beds were
obscured by white curtains which had been strung around them. 

Behind me was a lonely cubicle, with a porcelain-colored computer from
the early 90s, and a cassette player.

I checked the computer first, trying to get an idea of where I was. No
luck. Not because there was no power, no, there was that, somehow. I was
given the grace to see by a few lights lining the beige walls down here.
No, it’s just that the dinosaur of a CPU couldn’t will itself past the
boot screen. We get a few beeps, a “Carapice Systems” logo, and then
nothing. It shuts itself off, with seemingly no way to boot it into safe
mode or any of that. 

With that being a bust, I checked the cassette player next. Nothing of
note inside of it. Well there went my two options for information.

Without anything else to guide me, I decided to proceed farther into the
room, around the metal beds, trying my best not to disturb anything.
Emphasis on trying. At some point, things grew rather dark and I was
fumbling my way through, when I knocked over an IV bag which made a
loud, echoing racket. 

If anything was down here with me, it most certainly was awake now. 

I froze up, my head being the only thing that moved. It swiveled around,
expecting to see a screaming face behind. 

Nothing but the room I just walked through. 

I waited, longer than needed. Silence drowned out the sound of my
breathing. When nothing came at me, I finally decided it was time to
move again, this time, slowly, and with more purpose in each step. 

Reaching the back of the room, there were a set of double doors.
Naturally, I tried them. A long corridor stretched out from behind them,
lights flickering with every step I took. At the other end of the hall
there was another door, one that beckoned me to see what was on the
other side. 

Halfway through, there was a T-type intersection—a pitch-black hall
branched off to the right. The second I stepped past this hall, I heard
something else do the same. 

Wet footsteps. Slow ones. Each one was followed by a sad shuffling
sound, like a heavy lump of flesh was being dragged across the floor.
Maybe it was my drunken state, but I froze up like a deer on the
highway.

I saw her eyes first, dim bulbs reflected in the low light. They made a
squelching sound as they blinked. Then the rest of her form came into
view. A little human, a fish vaguely, an unholy fusion of sorts. Like
God set a bass upright, attached Barbie-doll limbs to it, attached a
human head, and called it a day.

She stood and stared at me, in the half-dark. And then she charged. I
screeched and made a mad dash back where I came from. Behind me the wet
sound picked up. When I looked, blasting past the double doors, she had
already made it to where I had been standing moments ago. A fast one.
Somehow. 

I tried to navigate the metal tables to the best of my ability, but I
was moving too panicked, too clumsily, and knocked one thing over after
another. My sprint came to an untimely end when I backed into one of the
many sets of curtains and half-heartedly collapsed. They’d become my
tomb. I was encased, a present to be unwrapped by the beast that was
fast approaching. I raised my hands to stop her, as though that would do
anything. She closed in.

Then she dropped.

Her knees hit the floor, body folding forward, and she pressed her slimy
lips against the bottoms of my flailing feet. Kissing them, nuzzling
them. When I jerked one of my feet up and back, she nodded and placed
her head right underneath it, as though beckoning me to stomp her brains
out right then and there. She shuddered in that position, making some
bizarre sobbing sound. Her eyes appeared to well with tears. 

My fear was quickly replaced by something else; pity. I felt possessed
to speak with her.

“Easy, Miss.” 

“Miss” didn’t answer, merely cowering in place. I slowly fought my way
out of the curtains and got into a more upright position. For whatever
reason, I placed my hand on top of her wet head of long, dark hair. A
gurgle, like a purr, trembled in her throat. I let my hand rest, firm,
beginning to pet her. She nuzzled up closer. I was both disgusted
and…weirdly delighted. For whatever reason, it felt good to have
something depending on my comfort for once, instead of the other way
around. 

After a moment, she let me get to my feet, following somewhat
hesitantly, as though she was trying not to scare me. I let her take my
hand, and she guided me deeper into the lab. Trying to show me
something. Show me whatever was beyond that door.

We reached the end of the hallway, and she seemed to cower. This door
hadn’t been opened in some time. The handle was rusted, covered in
spiderwebs which, in retrospect, had no business being there. I twisted
it, the thing giving an uneasy sound. Pushing it open, my nostrils were
assaulted with a foul smell, the worst I’d ever experienced. I retched,
throwing up right there. 

Inside was a room of tall cylinders, each of them holding different
iterations of…her. Some were nothing but bones with a few
artificially-grown nerve endings and muscle tissue. Others were more
complete, twitching as the automatic lights buzzed on. In the center of
the room, a skeleton sat on a chair, a revolver in one hand, a
photograph in the other. In its lap was a cassette tape. 

I took the photograph first. A woman, with tired eyes, a half-smile. Her
hair was long and dark, just like Miss. She whined just outside, peeking
her head in to make sure I was still there. For some reason, she
wouldn’t enter the room. 

I worked the tape free next, leaving the revolver in the grasp of
rigor-mortis. No point in spending much longer in the showcase of
horrors. I left for the cubicle, Miss trailing behind me. 

The recording was short. Desperate-sounding. 

It detailed a man who had lost everything. His remaining family had
died. His closest friends, fed up with years of bitterness, had left him
behind. All he had now was “her.” That’s all he would refer to the woman
as, presumably the one from the photo. She was his rock, his shoulder to
cry on, his light in a dark place. And one day, she left, left without a
word. 

The outside world was too much for him, and he for it. He was too angry,
unstable, too miserable to keep around. He had tried, again and again,
to make amends for this. He apologized, he went to therapy as he was
told. He took the steps to avoid further explosions and yet they
continued to come. He says he figures this was why she left in the end.
That she couldn’t stand to see him continue to destroy himself, to
destroy the man she fell in love with. 

And so he apologized, to her, to the things he had made, to everyone.
And then the recording cut out, emphasized by quiet sobbing. 

Time was…weird, after that. I spent a good amount of it reading through
notebooks and old newspaper clippings. I learned about Dr. Kent and his
contributions to the field of ultrasonic technologies. I think I
remember reading about some of his work before all this, actually.
Something about how he made holographic displays by suspending droplets
of water with acoustic waves. People had written it off, written him off
as mediocre, and I recognized the pattern all-too well. The rejection,
the anger, the withdrawal, it was all line-for-line what I had been
putting myself through for years at this point. I couldn’t help but draw
parallels between the man’s own crazed research and my delusional
aspirations to be a storyteller. 

Tick, tock. Days passed. During my research, Miss brought me food from
the water above, carrying it in her pike-like teeth. The lab was quiet.
Comforting. Nobody could decide to fire me or hurt me out of the blue.
They couldn’t tell me what to do, or judge how I spent my time. 

But my mind kept circling back to Kent’s skeleton, the revolver in his
hand. Had he taken his own life down here, in a tomb of his own
creation? A miracle of modern science, engulfed beneath the lake, never
to be seen or appreciated by anyone but his chimeras?

What had the isolation done for him, but drive him further into
darkness? I suppose that wanting is what eventually started scaring me.
It scared me more than the dark, more than death, more than drowning. 

When Miss was asleep, I moved to the main room and haphazardly climbed
atop one of the metal tables. I could touch the water’s surface. If only
I had a little more height…

The dark hall, where Miss emerged—it had a supply closet. From what I
could feel out, it had a few mops, brooms, and a stepladder, one I’m
sure was supposed to be used as a contingency at some point. 

I carried the stepladder out and into the room, as quietly as I could,
and set it up on one of the tables. Miss was still sleeping, curled
against the farthest wall where the light was the weakest. As soon as I
was sure it was at least suspiciously stable, I began my climb. 

The surface of the water felt wrong, with a faint resistance, like
pushing against the skin of a drum. I shoved my arm through, then my
head and shoulders. The water closed over me with no splash. I swam. I
swam harder than I ever had before. My lungs hurt, holding my breath in
for as long as I was. I was no trained swimmer, I was no Marine. But the
light of day sure enough came into focus, and with it my adrenaline
surged.

I was halfway up when she woke.

The sound was terrible, a warning cry like a banshee’s scream. She
slammed into the clumsy configuration I had assembled, knocking it over,
and leapt into the water after me. 

Nearly at the surface, I felt her claws dig into my calves. She was
trying to haul me back down. I kicked once, felt her give, and kept
pushing. 

Miss didn’t understand anything though, besides how to keep holding on.
She grabbed me again, this time puncturing my thighs, and my abdomen,
pulling me down so we’d be face to face. Miss sobbed as she embraced me,
refusing to let me go. I struggled and writhed, but found that I was
only sinking lower. Soon enough I’d be back where I’d started, alone, at
rock bottom. 

But then I heard something—four loud bangs from above. Miss’s grip on me
loosened, and I watched as the water around me filled with crimson. The
last of my breath was let out in an underwater shout, a wailing to mourn
my newfound companion. I knew she was going to kill me but…maybe part of
me wanted to die. I think a big chunk of me did, that summer.

Before I could drown again, a hand wrapped around my wrist and dragged
me into the light. I coughed up water, landing in a small rescue boat
with a blanket around my shoulders. The men checked my pulse, my eyes,
and told me I was in good hands. 

I didn’t understand. I had been down there for days. How could they have
found me so fast?

When I tried to explain to them what had happened, they wouldn’t listen
to me. Told me I had only been under the water for a few minutes, that
if there was really a giant lab down there, as impossible as that was,
that someone would have found it by now. They used careful language,
telling me about oxygen deprivation, near-death hallucinations,
repeating it like a script they’d told time and time again. My wounds
were scratched up to the result of grinding up against the rocks down
there. 

The whole time they were explaining all of this to me, one of the men
kept looking at the water. I could still see the blood, rising to the
top, but no body. 

Officially, the story is that I’d gotten disoriented, gone under and was
lucky to be alive. That was last year. 

I have a job now. Nothing impressive, just some low-stakes sales work.
I’m grateful to have it though. I’m grateful to have these simple joys.
I answer my texts in a timely manner, I show up when people ask me to. I
try not to disappear the way that I once did. Tyler stopped talking to
us a bit after the incident. I’m on pretty good terms with DJ and Lucas,
though we don’t talk as much as we used to.

The cuts on my legs never closed quite right. The skin around them has
turned thin, and flaky, and it peels if I rub it too hard. Some nights I
still feel the same pull beneath my feet. Other days, I’ll swear I see
one of my rescuers at the gas station. I try to say hello, but they
always seem to take off in a hurry.

I tell myself that I’m happy, having moved on from the pain of the past.
Most days I believe it. 
