Public Safety PSA added at the end.

I started walking to school when I was 12, and started driving as soon
as I turned 16 and got my license. But during those 4 years, The amount
of times I had to call the police and make reports was appalling. I
didn’t call for every single one, because I’d either not seen their face
well enough or their car model. One man tried to follow me home and push
me into the bushes. Another tried to hit me with his car when I tried to
run away and crossed the street.

It wasn’t only full fledged kidnapping attempts. It was constant assault
of some way or another. Two men rode past me as I was walking, turned
around on their bikes, came up behind me and slapped my ass as they rode
away. It was creeps following me from the CVS plaza and yelling at me,
or telling me to come with them, or getting mad when I’d ignore them and
scare the shit out of me. No one ever stepped in or helped.

One night while walking with my sister home from a friends house, we
noticed we were getting stalked by a group of men. Every random turn we
took they did too. We’d cross a barrier wall of a parking lot and so did
they. We were forced to cross through a park that didn’t have many
lamps, so it was dark. The park was long. We started walking fast toward
the church on the other side though the lot was empty, there were street
lamps and it was lit. They walked faster too. I called my friend and
begged her to get her mom to come pick us up asap. It was a matter of
literal seconds. They were about 6 feet away when my friends mom pulled
up in her huge truck.

I also don’t consider the countless instances of grown men pulling up
beside me in their cars, asking my age, where I was going, if I needed a
ride, to come in their cars. Those were just creeps compared to the real
deal dangerous men. That happened multiple times every week, to or from
school. It was normal. Everywhere I went, a solid 90-95% of men any and
everywhere would have their eyes on me. Men with wives beside them. Men
with children. Old men. I lost faith in the idea of a truly loyal man at
a very young age. They all had wandering eyes.

Every time I left my house, I was mentally prepared to do anything to
escape whatever situation awaited me outside my front door.

None of this messed with my mind too much. From the age of 12, I just
believed this was how living in the world as a woman was. This was
girlhood, and it would be womanhood too. What fucked with me the most
was that the minute I turned 19, wasn’t wearing a backpack anymore, and
was obviously not a child, all of this stopped. Like a switch flipped. I
wondered if I got uglier. Why was I not being harassed anymore? No one
was following me out of parking lots. Cat calling and hollering
instantly became a thing of the past, and the only explanation I could
conjure was that I somehow got really ugly. Maybe it was the new way I
was doing my eyebrows?

It hit me when I turned 20. I wasn’t young, easy prey anymore. I was an
adult and not a child. The world became a much, much, much scarier place
upon that realization.

The real kicker is that I lived in an upper middle class suburb in
Sacramento, California. Clean, new, cookie cutter houses with a
neighborhood club house and everything. Good schools. Good students. No
gangs, no real violence.

This is what girlhood really is. Pedophiles are EVERYWHERE. I don’t talk
about this IRL because people immediately assume I’m lying or
exaggerating heavily. This is my confession.

ETA - Learn the license plate game and teach it to every child you can.
(i.e. Licence plate is BGP7KL. Ask “What does that stand for?” Child:
Big Green Purple 7!) Police Officers immediately can fill out a report
that ID’s the child predator in question.

ETA: Idea - Something like Chris Hansen’s Dateline show, but it’s just
an average 12 year old girl wearing a backpack walking on her way home
after school hours let out. Secret cameras follow her walk and each
creep who harasses her in any way is immediately confronted by an
undercover cop. Faces may need to be blurred but first names in a small
neighborhood are a dead giveaway to the communit
