I never wanted to be a spy. 

Most people assume you’re only offered such a role once you’ve learned
nine languages and graduated from an Ivy League. Of course, this
assumption is mostly true if you’re imagining a publicly known
government spy. Throughout my life, neighbors always assumed I worked
for the CIA, doing work where I charm my way through international
secrets.

But I never had the traditional spy job. Real special, aren’t I? No, I’m
the unlucky bastard who got suckered into this demented job from a
children’s game. A goddamn children’s game.  

I Spy.   

If I had known what I know now, I wouldn’t have ever uttered those
words. Hell, I probably would have blinded myself with a vat of oil
before playing this fucking game; at least then I would be unable to see
them. Being blind and scarred beyond recognition would certainly be
better than what I do now. A lot more people would be alive. 

You probably think I’m being dramatic, and that’s fine. I used to think
the same thing. Afterall, when I was a kid, red was just red. Red was
the color of brake lights and candy wrappers, and those stupid little
plastic hearts people stick in flower arrangements. Now I know better,
and I’m writing tonight for a reason. 

I see a therapist for all this bullshit (funded by your tax dollars,
thanks) who is documenting my memories during our sessions. I speak
aloud, she encourages me, you know, the whole therapy mumbo jumbo. She’s
writing down what I saw and heard over the years; memory’s a bit fuzzy,
so hypnosis is helping me remember. I really want to forget, but I know
if I do, then all the shit I went through was for nothing. I journal all
my thoughts, hoping that maybe I can help someone. I don’t know. All I
know is that shit is getting worse for everyone, and we need all the
help we can; government secrets be damned. 

Dr. Warrell is good at her job, I’ll give her that. Whoever trained her
taught her one hell of a poker face. She doesn’t interrupt when I
describe the sound a red bastard makes before it starts hunting you
down. And she does this thing where she writes slowly, as if she moves
too fast it might spook me. Dr. Vance is really thoughtful like that.

That said, there’s one thing she does that makes me want to flip the
stupid round table that sits between us. Because, see, the worst thing
about her is she keeps this glass of water on the table. She says it’s
in case I need it and that it’s a grounding object for me or some
bullshit. I’ve told her so many times that I hate that damn glass. 

Last week, she asked me what I thought would happen if I looked into it.
I refused to look at it when I told her the truth: “It wouldn’t be empty
anymore.” With a tut, she asked me if that had happened before. I
laughed so hard I almost threw up; that was when she suggested the
journals. It’s been a few years since then, but I guess they’ve helped
if I wrote in them for this long.

Over the years, I collected all my journals, and tonight I’m going to
begin writing them. I never expected anyone to read them. I knew I’d be
murdered at best if someone read them. So, if you’re reading this, then
I’m still alive, which is a hell of an inconvenience for everyone
involved because it means those little red fuckers are keeping me alive
for a reason. 

Up until recently, the red objects behaved like vultures; they circled
around humanity and waited for someone stupid or curious enough to
notice them. We only saw them if we knew how to look for them.
Unfortunately for us, they’re getting bolder. 

For the past six months, I’ve been rigorously documenting every
experience, travelling from across the world, barely getting any sleep
as these bastards keep multiplying. The worst thing is people are
noticing. These things are starting to end up on the news and social
media. Back in the 70s, we could just sweep everything under the rug and
lie and say it was a conspiracy. Now everyone’s got a phone attached to
their hand that’s practically a gateway to Hell. For convincing you of
what’s going on, I’ve written down the stories almost everyone knows
thanks to chronic oversharing. 

Three months ago, one of those things appeared in a daycare mural.
Reflected in the glossy sealant over a cartoon apple tree, it stayed
there for nine minutes while twenty-six children sang about the days of
the week. Every single child was gone by morning. I’m not going to
remind you what their parents found.

Two months ago, a woman in Des Moines found every tomato in her kitchen
stacked in a perfect tower in the sink. Her husband took a picture
because he thought it was funny, something cute. While the husband is
alive today (barely, I wouldn’t call the state he’s in living), the wife
is not.
Then six weeks ago, a priest in New Mexico called my burner phone and
asked me, very politely, if angels could be red. FYI, they can not. I
asked him what he saw. 

Fuck, I still remember the shake in his voice. I could imagine him
holding his crucifixion as he rasped, “Not angels,” before he screamed.
The wetness of voice turned into a screaming cacophony of agony, voices
upon voices, thousands of people, men, women, children, all thrown
together in horrors as if the microphone was being dragged through a
slaughterhouse drain. I should have known better than to continue that
call.

I think that priest cursed me. Tonight, I found one of those things in
my bathroom. They usually don’t seek people out like this, but I guess I
was always different.

The one that hunted me tonight was the red cap from a bottle of aspirin.
The only issue is that I don’t own aspirin. I stood in the doorway for
almost five minutes, staring just past it, letting my eyes unfocus until
the little red circle became part of the tile and part of the dirty
grout that I hadn’t scrubbed in months. I very pointedly did not look in
the mirror as I shut the door and stuffed my towel along its bottom
crack until light no longer threatened to peek out. 

I stood shakily on the floor before I glanced out the window and saw the
second one outside, then a third. Running to my study, I barricaded
myself inside, and that’s where I am now. I’ve got two of those red
fuckers outside right now as I’m writing. One is across the street. It
looks like a child’s mitten, tucked into the curve of the bench under
the flickering bus stop light. The thumb is folded inward like a hooked
finger, beckoning me to come over.

The other thing is on the hood of my neighbor’s car, pretending to be a
plastic heart. I’ve got no idea where it came from since Valentine’s Day
was four months ago. The heart’s point is facing my window, ticking back
and forth a few degrees as if it were a faulty compass needle trying to
find me.
Despite the taunting, the two outside haven’t approached yet, and a
tight knot twists my stomach. 
See, when these things want to kill you, they don’t usually wait in
pairs, let alone trios. When they wait in groups, they want you to do
something. Tonight, I think they want me to tell you how this started. I
think every story needs a witness, and God help me, I think they picked
me.  
So, here’s my warning before we go any further.

Do not play I Spy with anything red. Honest to God, if you value your
life, don’t play I Spy at all. Once you know what to look for, well, you
start to see it everywhere.

I don’t care if you’re bored. I don’t care if you’re trying to entertain
a kid in the backseat. I don’t care if some charming little freak at a
dinner party asks you to play like it’s nostalgic and harmless. Do not
say those damning words unless you want to die. Do not laugh and say,
“What, I Spy, like the children’s game?”

And if you’ve already said it, then I need you to listen carefully. 

You need to pretend like they aren’t there. No matter how grotesque or
demonic or otherworldly they appear, you do not look at them. You ignore
them, and you move on. That’s the best you can do unless you want to
copy the dumb shit I do that only serves to get other people killed. 

If you choose to read from here, I can’t help you. It’s on you with
whatever you decide to do with all of this information. Maybe I’ll get
lucky, and this reaches someone who knows what the hell I’m talking
about. Back when I still had hope, I thought the worst part was that I
thought it was a job. Worse than that, I thought it might make me
useful. But now I know it’s a game, and the worst part is, I think we’re
the ones who taught them how to play. 
