One of the benefits of drifting around aimlessly in your twenties is
that you hear plenty of stories. Most of them are pretty sad and involve
drug addiction, homelessness, or wistful romantic thinking, but there is
some creepy shit thrown in there as well. People with all the time in
the world love to talk, after all.

I heard about Hullaland a few months after I moved back out of Chicago,
where I grew up. I had moved in with my parents after a long stretch of
joblessness and was itching to have my own space and my own friends. I
fell in with a group that my parents would call “bad people,” although
they were mostly just unfortunate souls who had a difficult time fitting
into typical employment paths. About half of them were homeless, or
constantly between leases, and we let each other crash on couches. A few
were in and out of rehab, and their comings and goings constantly rocked
the group. If someone disappeared without a word, we mourned them
quietly.

There were six of us then — Holly, Bones, Darren, Jake, Kris, and me. I
had my own apartment, with normal roommates I liked, and had cut down my
weed usage so the apartment would pass the smell test when my parents
came to visit. Jake, who couldn’t hold a job as long as I knew him, and
Kris, who had recently been fired after having a massive anxiety attack,
were sleeping over for a few days until they got settled. 

“Have you met Brett?” Jake asked me. “Bones introduced us.”

“Huh?” I was brushing my teeth.

“Cool guy,” Kris agreed. “Him and Bones did a few nights together in an
Atlantan jail cell, apparently.”

“Bones said if he laid off the heroin, he’d be the greatest salesman on
the East Coast.”

My sister had flown me back to Chicago the previous weekend to meet her
new baby; she knew more than my parents did about my, uh, employment
situation. He was as cute as a button, and I showed them pictures. We
laughed about dreams of familial stability and financial freedom, and
went to sleep.

I met Brett the next week. Physically, he was short, he limped, and his
skin had an unhealthy pallor, but he was one of the most charismatic
people I ever met. Before that time, we had been only a loose
conglomeration with no leader who hung out mostly independently. Soon,
we looked to Brett for advice, because he always seemed to know what to
say.

We made the pact a few months later. “I want to stay clean,” he said. We
were camping a few miles out of the city, the fire crackling right in
front of us. No one responded.

“I can’t take these waves anymore, man.” He stood up. “No more drugs.”

“Cept weed, of course,” said Darren. He sounded slightly worried.

“Weed ain’t a drug,” said Kris. “My doctor prescribes me.”

“Except weed. But Holly and I won’t be shooting up any more. We got what
to live for, right here.”

We all spit into the fire, one by one, and said we’d hold each other
accountable. Bones went last, coughing from the throat cancer he didn’t
yet know he had.

The next week, we met again in Holly’s apartment, which was by far the
nicest of any of ours. Holly’s parents were actors or media moguls or
something; I never quite got the full story straight and she was
reticent to talk about it.

“Have you guys heard of Hullaland?” Brett asked. We shook our heads.

“Sounds like a bullshit story to me. I know a fair number of those.”
Jake was always skeptical whenever anyone tried to tell a scary story.

“This ain’t no bullshit urban legend, we can go there tonight. Do you
guys all know the way to Jammies?”

Jammies was the diner we met in once or twice a week. We rarely all got
dinner at once, though, unless it was a special occasion. Still, he knew
very well most of us could make that walk in our sleep.”

“’Course we do,” I said.

He looked around at us. “Tonight, we’re going to walk there, one-by-one,
and get to Hullaland together.” He glanced out the window; it was quite
late, and there was only a single pedestrian outside. “Need to wait a
few hours, though.”

“What the fuck are you talking about, Brett?” asked Kris. “You haven’t
explained anything.”

“It’ll be easier once you’ve been there. I’m not sure if everyone will
make it, not tonight, but I think a few of us can.”

“Have you ever been walking to someplace along a route you know very
well, lost track of time, and just… ended up there? Usually you’ll have
a gap in your memory. Unfortunately, that’s not enough to enter
Hullaland. You can skirt around the entrance, but other people will draw
your mind back outside. Instead, we’re gonna go at night, when nobody is
around, and end up in there.”

Jake laughed. “Is this a joke?”

Brett shook his head, his wild hair waving from side to side. “There are
four rules. Don’t talk to anybody there, even if you recognize them.
Don’t sleep there. Be back before morning. And whatever you do, don’t
get lost.”

“You told me you did this in Atlanta, Brett.” Darren crossed his arm.
The man was always skeptical.

“And?”

“Well gee, we’re pretty far from Georgia.”

We sat there in silence for a few moments before Jake and Holly burst
out laughing.

“I’m dead serious. Let’s go to Jammies, one at a time. I’ll go first.
Five minutes after I leave, Kris will go, and you guys can decide the
order after that. I guess Holly can leave last. As you’re walking there,
try to let your mind relax and get distracted; think about something
else that you need to mull over or space out about. If all goes well, at
some point you’ll start to feel like you’re somewhere unfamiliar. Look
around and explore. When you’re ready to leave, do the same thing you
did to get in but walk back to Holly’s apartment.” Brett said this with
an air of finality, and walked out the door.

There was some bickering, but there was never really a question we’d
follow him out. Kris left, and Jake followed her soon after. Darren felt
cooped up so left next. All of us were nervous, but somehow it was
decided that I’d go next.

There wasn’t a soul outside, not a peep; our part of the city was never
active this late at night. I let my body relax and thought about my
parents, and what I would tell them when I got home for the holidays.
Sandy, my sister, was a litigation attorney and well on her way to
starting a family, and I was bumming my twenties away between shitty
apartments and cheap liquor. At least my friends were cooler than hers,
and at least I still had a relationship with them. Bones, for instance,
only had one living parent, and she’d been committed to a mental health
facility for the last four years.

I was about ten minutes from Jammies when I first noticed something was
different. Everything looked the same, but it wasn’t. Hadn’t there been
a sliver of the moon visible before? Perhaps the clouds had covered it,
but it was supposed to be a cloudless night. Furthermore, I’d been
waiting at this traffic light for five minutes and it stayed red the
whole time. Most eerie was the feeling of being watched, on all sides. I
couldn’t spot a single other person, or any car.

I walked around, taking note of where I was. All of the shops I
remembered were here— the Rita’s, Five Guys, LuLuLemon, and a slew of
mom and pop stores. For some of them, the lights were on inside. I was
surprised to find the Rita’s door opened easily, though the bell jingle
was disconcerting as I entered. All that greeted me inside was a generic
pop song I couldn’t quite place. I hadn’t had ice cream in ages, so I
hopped the counter and made myself a cup. The label said “Vanilla,” but
it had little blue and red chunks in it that tasted like cotton candy,
although it was unlike anything I’d had before. I didn’t particularly
enjoy it.

My heart skipped for a second when I saw another figure approaching me.
I relaxed a little when I realized it was probably Kris. Remembering
Brett’s rule, though, I avoided eye contact with her and crossed onto
the other side of the street. I felt her glance stick on me from behind,
though.

The city was beautiful, I realized, if you had it all to yourself. It
wasn’t entirely our city, though– the further I strayed from the path
I’d normally take from Holly’s to Jammies, the more small differences I
noticed. Had the top of that building always had a garden? I could have
sworn there was a parking lot here… I found a little park about a mile
out of the way I had never seen before, with a statue clearly
commemorating the tragic death of a pair of twins. The text had worn
away long ago.

I checked my watch, and realized I had been inside for a little over two
hours. The feeling of being watched was starting to get to me, and
although it never felt malevolent, it was starting to make me feel
anxious. I looked at the apartment building windows and realized that in
some of them the lights were actually on. Had I just failed to notice
the illumination before? I could have sworn that apartment building was
completely dark before, but chronic ADHD will do that to you sometimes.

I walked back without a hitch, focusing on Sandy’s baby. Kris, Jake,
Darren, and Bones were sitting there. Kris and Jake complained that
nothing had happened, that they’d just had a normal walk. Darren, Bones
and I were tight-lipped, not quite sure what we experienced. Holly came
back a few minutes later, white-faced. Brett returned last. 

“What the fuck was that?” Darren and Bones said simultaneously. Brett
waved his hands up.

“Let’s talk tomorrow. Get some sleep.”

As it turned out, he didn’t know what Hullaland was. He’d learned about
it a few years back when his buddy had run out of shrooms and proposed
an equally titillating alternative. 

All of us eventually got into Hullaland. I was very good at it, and
there were only one or two times I couldn’t get in. Kris was the worst;
I once saw Brett covertly slip a few pills into her hand before we went.
“Something to help you relax,” he whispered. 

It must seem strange to you, that we were obsessed with this creepy,
forlorn city that was so difficult to access. After experiencing it, I
don’t blame Brett for never explaining—you can’t put it into words. It
feels like stepping into a rain forest after contenting yourself with
plastic potted plants for years. It feels like a shadow dimension,
except our reality is the shadow and Hullaland is the pure,
unadulterated original. It surpasses every drug and every beautiful
sunset— it’s reality, distilled.

We never broke the rules, in those days. Brett said anything you found
in Hullaland was fair game, provided it was easily accessible and the
door was open. He’d never tried breaking in, and didn’t think it was a
particularly good idea. There was always delicious food in Hullaland,
and clothing galore. Something was always a little wrong with it, but
hey, it was free.

The free stuff wasn’t the reason we loved it so much. Not all of us
loved it at all, to be honest. It was mainly Bones and me, and of course
Brett, who were always begging to go. Something about the air and the
quiet was beautiful, despite the uncanny feeling I got of eyes on the
back of my head. The actual city felt like a dead simulacrum; Hullaland
felt alive, ethereal, like a breathing organism. And though it was a
lonesome experience, you’d nearly always catch a glimpse of someone else
and wordlessly brush past them, albeit with the knowledge you had shared
an experience. Perhaps it was dangerous, but only in the same way taking
a hike in a remote part of nature. Treat her well, and with respect, and
she will do the same to you.

Those few months we spent as a group were some of the best of my life. I
finally got a job, started working out, and even invited Sandy and her
husband to visit my new apartment. They even got to meet Brett, and
loved him. “You’re the first good friend he’s had in a while,” Sandy
said jokingly, though she was certainly sincere. They were impressed
with how much I’d pulled myself together, and I was proud. I had a great
group of friends, and everyone was off the streets, had their own place,
and out of rehab.

It couldn’t last, of course. They found Brett half-conscious in an
alleyway, outside of his apartment, twitching and foaming at the mouth,
on a freezing December night. His iPhone was unlocked and had my number
on it, the paramedics told me. Maybe Brett couldn’t press the call
button in time, but I think he was ashamed to have fallen from the
heights he’d demanded we all reach. He lasted fifteen hours in the
hospital.

Brett’s death destabilized the group. Darren disappeared after the
funeral; to this day I’ve never seen him again. Jake and Kris were back
on drugs, and Bones got fired from his job. We didn’t mention Hullaland
together again.

Still, Bones and I never stopped going. Occasionally, we’d encounter
each other, and once or twice one of the others, and the only greeting
would be a wordless nod. Brett would never want us to break the rules,
and we intended to honor his memory.

Seven or eight months later, I was walking by the river in Hullaland.
Unlike the real river, it was always shrouded in fog, with vague halos
of blurry spots of light that resembled boats occasionally visible. I
saw Bones in the distance and quickly lowered my eyes. But something
made me raise them again: he was on the ground, his foot horribly
twisted.

“Fuck me, fuck me,” he was whispering to himself as I walked up.

“Bones?”

He stopped saying anything. He motioned wordlessly, pushing the palms of
his hands towards me as if to move me backwards. Yet even while doing
so, he cringed in pain.

“Bones, you’re hurt.”

“You shouldn’t be talking to me,” he wheezed. “But I think I broke my
foot.”

“I can see that,” I said. I looked around— all of the apartments here
were dark, and only a few stores were open. “Stay here. I’ll see if I
can get you something like a crutch.”

I walked around for a few blocks. The further you strayed off of your
original path, the more Hullaland… evolved from the original city. This
was especially true if you tried to go somewhere you weren’t familiar
with. Brett had warned against this. I tried a few shops nearby, but I
knew none of them would have anything I needed. I’d need to go to
Target, which was a little off the beaten path. I vaguely remembered how
to get there, and hoped that would be enough—more, I hoped what I found
would resemble an actual Target, because I didn’t know what else to do.

The walk there was uneventful. The buildings here looked generic, and it
was even darker than the walkway near the river. I saw a hologram
announce in text, “Have a great day! It’s 58 degrees and sunny.” I saw a
window in the distance flash on with red light, then shut off as I
approached. The wind seemed to pick up as I exited the main avenue.

I got there a few minutes later. It was a Target, alright, although the
lights inside were flickering and the goods were organized randomly. The
first aisle was labeled “Showers” and had Q-Tips and ice cream. Most of
aisles were unlabeled, though every item had a price tag. I found two
wooden beams that I hoped would suffice, and tried leaning my weight on
them to see. They were strong.

Bones was in the same position that I found him in, and I handed him the
crutches. “Thanks,” he muttered.

I was about to respond in kind when I saw a curious look on his
face. Something had shifted. I felt it too—was it, somehow, brighter? I
looked up: not one, not two, but all of the windows in the building in
front of us were on, each room with a pale yellow light, the kind that
those soft night lights would make.

“I think it’s time to go,” I said, trying to keep the panic from my
voice.

“I agree,” he said. “You go on ahead. We need to be separate.”

I struggled to shake the anxiety and focus my mind elsewhere. The
feeling of being watched had never been stronger, and I kept thinking I
heard rustling or movement. Hullaland is many things, but it was always
exceedingly quiet.

I called Bones the next day and visited him at the hospital. He’d been
in there for nearly four hours, unable to stop thinking about his leg
and the shock of it. He’d gone in circles for hours, nearly collapsed,
and finally ended up near his apartment, quite delirious, until a
concerned jogger called 911. The doctors called him irresponsible and
reckless while looking at his swollen ankle which was now nearly purple.
It would take months to heal completely.

I soured on Hullaland for a little bit. How could I not, with what I had
seen? There was something there, something that coexisted with our
midnight rendezvous and careless strolls through the gravel streets and
endless concrete edifices. Like a hibernating bear, it was either too
deep in its slumber or too distracted to care, but that night we had
attracted its attention. Though perhaps it was all in my head, Brett’s
warning hung over me. He had never said what happened when we broke the
rules.

I was out of touch with everyone except for Bones and Kris the next time
I went to Hullaland. It was just as beautiful as I remembered it— the
warped signs, the clear air, the beautiful lights and neon signs in the
distance. I just wanted to dip my feet in and get over my fear, the same
way a kid needs to just get back on after they fall off of their bike
for the first time.

Not four minutes after I entered did I see a figure in the distance, its
foot stuck in one of the street grates. It was twisted over the
sidewalk, and I could hear cries of pain. 

“Urgh! Help me!”

My stomach dropped, but I couldn’t just leave this person alone. I
approached the intersection, keeping my eyes on the ground. I had
forgotten about the eyes on my neck that were always present here, and
forced myself to ignore them; this was hardly the time for a panic
attack.

I dropped my water bottle, making a loud clang. On that grate, sprawled
out in a pile of dirt and grit and wearing grimy clothing that looked
like it hadn’t seen detergent in months, was Brett.

“Brett? Is that you?”

He nodded. “You forgot me already? Come and help! I hurt my foot…”

I walked over to him. Despite the green lights, I had little worry of a
car running me over.

He roared again in pain, twisting his body and exposing the small of his
back. It was covered in ugly scars, infected and only half-healed. The
stench hit me as well— the best way I can describe it is the same smell
that came out of my parents’ fridge after a hurricane destroyed the
power lines. He seemed to realize how bad it was and lowered his face in
shame.

“Thanks, Bones,” he said gratefully. 

“Of course, Br—” I stopped in my tracks, about twenty feet away. Had he
said Bones?

“What’s wrong? Ow, fuck,” he said, holding his leg. “I think I tripped
here.”

My heart was pounding. “Nothing, I’m just thinking of how best to help
you.”

“Well, hurry up,” he complained.

“What about using those things Kris got you for your birthday? I should
be able to get more.” Of course this made no sense, because he’d died
before his birthday passed and none of us had gotten him anything.

“I think that should be fine. Just hurry.”

I looked up. None of the lights were on, now, not in a single building
near us. Only the streetlights were on, and even they seemed unusually
dim. “I’ll go get it, and come back quickly.”

As soon as I was out of view, I ran, ran as fast as I could. It didn’t
help, because what I needed was to think about anything else, and I
couldn’t. I saw the lights return, now, though I tore my eyes away from
the windows, I could have sworn I saw other figures staring out at me
from inside them. I had to run back and forth between Jammies and my
apartment six times before I managed to get back home.

It’s been a few years, and I no longer live in the same city. Jake is in
prison, or so I’ve heard. Bones died of cancer a few weeks ago, although
we were hardly close by then. I’ve lost track of the others, and on my
journeys since— for I’ve hardly cleaned up my act— I’ve never met anyone
who’s ever heard of Hullaland, let alone been there. And I’m usually too
scared to show them.

I’ve never been back, but I still see the city in my dreams, see that
look of pleading on Brett’s face and wonder if I made the best or worst
decision of my life, and what would have happened if I had tried to help
him. On those nights, I feel Hullaland’s pull when I wake up— there is
something beautiful, something colorful, something enigmatic that
doesn’t exist outside of that place, tantalizingly close and utterly
incomprehensible.
