They call it the Ghost Fleet.

A collection of downtrodden, rusted, barnacled commercial ships that are
anchored and left to rot just where the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay
kisses the Atlantic Ocean.

I’d always heard the tales of them being haunted. Men with slippery
fingers sneaking onto the boats, trying to steal old relics of maritime
past are met with the woe and weary spirits from that ship’s hellish
history.

I have always fancied myself a burglar and scoffed at notions of damned
souls lingering for a laugh, so when I became privy to the spoils left
over on some of these old ships and tankers, I gassed up my skiff.

“Fortuna, hold my eggs in the mornin’, girl”, I yelled to my missus.

“Where you gonna be?”, she sang from her boudoir in that southern twang
that won me over so many years ago.

“Going to the duck blind. Staying the night.”

“It ain’t duck huntin’ season.”

She had me. Astute like no other.

“Will you leave me be!? I’ll see you tomorrow.”

She just shook her head at me with a grin as I walked out the door. I’ve
always regretted not making an honest woman out of her. My swimmers sink
like an anchor so I’ve never been able to give her the family she
wanted…

…but she’s stayed with me. “If I’m able to find this sailor’s tidal
clock”, I thought, “I’m gonna sell it and take her to a resort that the
high and bow-tied frequent…amongst other spoils.

I wish I could tell you it was a struggle, but I puttered up to that
derelict collection of ships in the night like a darn professional. I
climbed up a ladder 40 years gone, and walked right into the barracks
and snooped around, before heading to the Captain’s quarters. Was there
anything scary? Certainly not.

When I opened the door, there she was. Cobwebbed and rusted from the
muggy air, but there was the tidal clock. “Junk” to Johnny-Come-Lately,
but to the collector, a prized piece. I scooped her up and headed right
back out the way I came. Police boats do patrol the area, so I won’t
gonna linger.

I hopped in my skiff and like I told Fortuna, headed to my duck blind to
escape the night. I built it in a marsh just off the Crook Narrows.
Perfect for a spot of fishing and duck hunting, but also for privacy and
to wait out the night.

As I pulled up, a storm began to holler.

I climbed into the small blind (a tiny wooden house-like structure on
pylons sticking out of the marsh, if you’re not familiar), grabbed my
lantern from the small box of supplies I keep there and lit it just as
the thunder rang and the skies began to pour.

I took out the tidal clock from the black sack I had put it and marveled
at the craftsmanship. Some old sap like myself used this to guide
themselves through God-what-have-you decades ago. I wondered if they had
themselves a woman like Fortuna…

WHEN…

I heard HER singing.

At first it was light. I barely could make it out through the rain, but
it grew.

“Tickle they tender, beholden me; fire, it rages, under her sea; Blow
the man down, cry for his crowns; His lovey held under, she shines, she
drowns…”

I quickly put the clock back in its sack and peered out of the duck
blind’s door.

THERE…

A silhouette moved through the water just in front of me.

“Good evenin’ to ya! Do you need a reprieve from the storm!?”

The figure stopped. They turned and waded through the waste high water
toward me. Eventually, they found the light of my lantern…

A woman, cloaked in brown and a wooden crab bucket floating next to her,
a rope tethered from it to her.

I was taken aback, as she smiled. She was beautiful.

“Please come find some warmth, ma’am. I appreciate crabbin’ when you
have the time, but this is treacherous.

She didn’t speak, she just smiled again and made her way up the ladder.
She came inside and sat down.

“I’m sorry, I don’t have any provisions. Not even a towel to dry you.”

She didn’t respond. She just sat on the floor and looked up at me
curiously.

“You sang awful pretty. Without that I’d probably-a-found some fright
seeing you out in this marsh at this time of night.”

She shook her head.

“What?”, I said confusedly. She shook her head again.

JUST THEN…

Blood began to trickle out of her mouth.

“Ma’am, you bleed…” — I lost my breath when she opened her mouth wide,
revealing a freshly cut out tongue.

I ripped my coat off and tried to hold it up to her mouth.

Suddenly her eyes WENT WIDE, as she caught sight of the tidal clock. She
began to flail and I panicked along with her, before she finally threw
me up against the wall. I toppled to the ground in some mixture of
shock, confusion and horror…

“Ma’am, I’m a friend, please, I…”

“THEY USED IT TO FIND US…”

That same voice from earlier spoke from just outside the duck blind. The
woman in front of me just stared at the tidal clock in its black sac,
tears starting to run down her face, mixing with the blood from her
mouth.

“There are more of ya…who’s out there!?”, I pleaded.

“They used it to know when our waters would be low. When they could take
us so.”

“Who!?”, I yelped.

“A thief in the night can set us free. Give us the clock, and a wish
you’ll see.”

“A wish?!”

“Whatever it may be.”, the voice said. It felt witch-like, it felt evil,
as the tongueless woman now stared at me. I had found my fright. I was
petrified.

“Take it, TAKE IT, I don’t have a bother ’bout it!”

“And your wish, thief?”

I was so scared, I only could play along. Even though amidst the demonic
hullabaloo my mind searched for reason.

“My wife and I to have a child.”

There was silence…BUT THEN.

The most blood curdling, ear piercing scream from outside as the
tongueless woman smiled. I covered my ears as she lurched toward me and
kissed me.

If you had doubts about me before now, would you believe that at that
moment I jerked awake. It was morning. The storm had passed. I was still
in the duck-blind and the clock was still there in its sac. I took a
deep breath and chuckled to myself.

I whistled to myself and let the salty air flow over my grin as I made
my way home to Fortuna.

Just then…

A KICK…then another…and another.

Something knocked about…in my stomach.

I lifted my shirt and pure horror fell across my face. I went straight
to the sac with the tidal clock…

The most pristine, modern, electronic tidal clock.

What happened after that is between myself and Fortuna.
