Part I

The night air bit through the thick cotton of my jacket with fangs made
of pure ice as I spoke aloud to my deputy, “You never forget how inhuman
the screams of a wailing mother can be when you tell her that her baby
isn’t coming home.”

I squatted down against the splintered concrete beneath me, “That’s one
of the only parts of the job that I regret having to do that every once
in a while. My heart hurts for the mother I’ll have to tell that her
baby found their way back but still isn’t coming home.” My eyes fell
onto the broken mass of flesh that was once a young man ahead of me.

No doubt that it was one of the kids.

Whenever we were called out to this back road, my last expectation was
to find the tarnished and bloodied corpse of a possible years-long
missing kid. There was no identifiable cause of death besides the
cracked bones sticking out from between the fleshy folds of the body. My
deputy puked his guts out at the site of it.

About a mile away from the body was a set of tire marks that were left
behind as a burnout; but I only figured to chalk that up to teens
attempting to drag race in a secluded area. With all the shittiness
going on over the last few years, I figured they needed some kind of
angsty outlet.

Back when I originally ran to be sheriff of this little community, I
expected to have to deal with minor drug incidences, maybe some domestic
situations here and there. I didn’t expect to ever have to deal with
anything close to the fog.

After about a year or so of being elected, the fog stretched over our
sleepy little town like Death himself was reaching over us with his
accursed hand. More and more kids vanished, and I had to admit the large
growths of failure that had fallen upon me. The only thing I could
really do was to make sure to enact a curfew.

No one under the age of 18 out past midnight.*

We did our due diligence by running the ads with the radio broadcast
routinely, but nothing was able to stop the fog.

Just two months prior to this, we had a group of young adults vanish
during a graduation party. The community was in shambles as we all
assumed that this curse was beginning to get worse; then the fog
surprised us by receding. Some of us began to heal by accepting that
this nightmare was finally over. Others couldn’t bring themselves to
that reality as their own children were just seemingly gone. From what
I’ve heard, there are possible reports of small vigilante groups out
there trying to chase the fog; but for now, that’s none of my business.

At least, that was my thought before a body mysteriously showed up on
this dark county road. The young man wasn’t very recognizable, and he
was damn near naked besides a pair of torn jeans hanging loosely from
his shattered hips. We took our photos and notes to do the little that
we could by the time the coroner finally arrived, rubbing sleep from his
eyes.

“Any idea who it could be?”

I let out a slow breath, “Not yet, no identification on him, and barely
any recognizable features. Just that it’s a young male with dark brown
hair, the rest is what we have you for.”

I gave him a light pat on the back, and he gave me a slight sarcastic
chuckle in response. It took all three of us, including the deputy, to
carefully get the crumpled mass of meat into the coroner’s car.

“Good luck,” I gave him a slight sarcastic wave and turned to my deputy,
“I need a smoke.”

With the scene cleared and the body on its way to be examined, I had
that smoke. I made my way back to the station to write up my report of
tonight’s events. Now, with just minutes until I got there and not even
halfway through my second cigarette, my radio chirped to life with a
curious message from dispatch.

“Hey, chief,” their voice rang with slight annoyance, “Donnie over at
the coroner’s office says he needs you to stop by immediately.”

I sighed and carelessly smudged out my cigarette, then flicked it in my
make-shift cup holder ashtray, “Heading that way.”

My hand flipped the wheel, which caused the tires to spin into what was,
possibly, an illegal U-turn; making short drive of a few miles back that
way. It was now 4:45 a.m. and my groggy attitude was starting to take
hold of me as I felt a tinge of annoyance with Donnie start to grow in
me. That was until I saw him pacing outside of the building.

From his body language, I could tell he was scared. This made me worried
because Donnie is cold as steel; I’ve never seen him get scared.

As soon as my boots hit the firm ground, he rushed over to me. He
pointed inside with a trembling hand with no words. I made my way inside
then down the harshly lit hallway into the only room with any sign of
occupancy.

Lying on the cold steel autopsy table was a body. At first, I looked
past it while looking for the familiar shape of the crumpled corpse that
was just brought in. Every other table was empty then my eye caught the
way this body’s hair was the familiar shade as ours. Donnie slithered
slowly into the room with his back against the wall. “He, uh, he
unfolded himself.”

“What?”

“The body,” his voice trembled, “after I brought it in…I heard the bones
snap and pop, and he…did that.” The same trembling finger pointed
towards the perfect looking corpse.

“Could that be rigor mortis?”

“Rigor…?” Donnie seemed baffled, “Are you fucking stupid? How could that
be rigor mortis?”

“Woah,” I raised my hands in surrender, “I’m just trying to be logical.”

My eyes scanned down the corpse. There were no signs of trauma visible
on him; his skin was almost fresh with a shine to it along with its
blubbery and soft features. Just like it was brand new, never marked by
the long life you’d expect it to have lived. I placed the back of my
hand against his chest and jumped from what I felt beneath it.

“What?” Donnie asked.

“He’s,” My voice trailed off, struggling to find the words,
“…breathing.”

At that moment, the corpse arched its back while it writhed against the
table. A low moan echoed from the mouth, and the eyes flicked open in
panic. I ran as far as I could from the commotion and found myself cower
against the wall with Donnie as the now-living corpse raised up on its
elbows from the table. Greasy yellow bile escaped from its mouth, the
smell was foul and filled the room quickly. His eyes settled to a newly
found calmness then they looked over to us.

“Where am I?” He spoke out in a long unused, and raspy voice.
