I’m in a situation where I don’t know what to do and I feel completely
unsafe.

It all started with my boyfriend pulling away from me more and more, and
then everything took a really weird turn.

Ian (let’s say that’s my boyfriend’s name, I don’t want to use his real
one) had always been really sweet and caring through the whole year of
our relationship. And before we started dating too.

We met 2 years ago at my college graduation. He came as a friend of one
of my classmates. He paid attention to me right away, complimented my
hair. Looked pretty confident, but with this cute shyness underneath.

Honestly I didn’t see him as a potential partner at first, sorry to
everyone with long ponytails and patchy beards, but that’s exactly what
put me off. Still, I appreciated the compliment. Ian always had a really
genuine and warm voice, kind of mesmerizing.

We started hanging out in the same group. Getting together, board games,
drinking. My classmate (now ex-classmate) had always been a wonderful
person, always helped me catch up on subjects. Fun to be around, great
relationship, his girlfriend was in the same group with us.

Small group: me, Ian, classmate Trevor, his girlfriend Maria, and one
other guy named Mark. Given how genuine Trevor was, I had no doubts his
friend was also a decent person, especially with the stories he told
about him.

Trevor told me Ian had always been a bit of a loner and was often afraid
to make the first move. So Trevor was always “dragging” him into social
stuff, introducing him to people. Over the last few years he’d become
much more confident.

Trevor told me Ian had a hard time making the first move but he was
clearly into me. And honestly Ian seemed attractive to me too. Sweet.

At one of our hangouts I saw him changing. His hair got trendier, and he
finally came to terms with the fact that his beard didn’t grow evenly
everywhere, and he shaved it off. That’s when I made the first move.

At first he hesitated, which obviously pissed me off. What the hell, a
pretty girl approaches you and offers to meet up one on one, and you’re
picky. But of course he eventually agreed and got way more active.

Over the year we’d already had a small crisis, which became a growth
point for us. Ian found himself a good job, became more social. He was
always honest with me: told me about his rough childhood, about being
bullied at school. Everyone thought he was weird, and his parents didn’t
really care about him.

So Ian spent all his free time on the computer, playing games and
programming his own stuff. That’s the field he ended up developing in,
but he was socially behind. I was really proud of the path he’d taken to
become a better version of himself.

Even though he’s the same age as me (23), I’m his first girlfriend in
terms of actual relationships. He said he’d had a girlfriend before, but
didn’t know if it counted. I didn’t want to dig into that.

What mattered to me was that I had him, and he had me. I’d had a lot of
bad experience too. Abuse, gaslighting, emotional violence from past
partners. So we both had traumas we helped each other heal.

At least, that’s how it was up to a certain point.

About three months ago we started living together. His parents had moved
away and left him a house not far from the city. He works remotely, I
work in the city, my commute is 15 minutes by minibus, so I agreed
without hesitation.

At first everything was great. He’s not really a romantic, but he often
made us breakfast (only simple stuff, but still tasty), supportive,
encouraging. We sometimes fought, he can be a bit sloppy and his socks
lying around really get on my nerves, but we’d always work it out.

The moving issues were stressful. My room looks more like a storage unit
because it’s stuffed with boxes I have nowhere to put. He doesn’t have a
garage, and the storage closet by the bedroom is locked. His parents
took the key with them, according to him. So I keep everything in my
room.

But I overlooked that too, while things were good. It’s normal that when
people just move in together, they spend a lot of time together, help
each other, take care of each other.

And that’s how it was for exactly a month.

Ian didn’t go cold right away. First he stopped answering my messages
when I’d write him from work. I get it, we see a lot of each other at
home and he might be working too. I accepted it when he answered with a
delay.

But the moment he stopped answering me completely, that started really
pissing me off. I brought it up with him and he said: “lots of work, I’m
tired.” I believed him, I really could see clients were giving him
harder tasks, so I decided not to bother him much for a while.

The sex also got way less frequent. Ian’s always had a pretty high
libido, and obviously his sudden coldness was getting to me, but I was
chalking that up to exhaustion too. But I couldn’t shake the feeling
that something was wrong.

I started looking for flaws in myself. At first my boyfriend was telling
me everything was fine and he was just tired, but very gradually it
shifted into him agreeing with me. And even more, he started directly
pointing out my widening hips, my uneven boobs, my cellulite.

At first it was something like “You’re not fat, but if you moved more
you’d be even more attractive,” which slowly shifted into “One of your
boobs is bigger than the other, maybe do something about it?” His voice
was still soft, but the words hurt.

I know I should have started raising alarms and leaving, but he led me
back into past trauma very gradually, so I didn’t notice. And I actually
started trying to fix the situation. I started running, seeing doctors,
though I’m not sure how right that was.

One time when I was googling how to be better for my boyfriend, I saw a
post on a women’s site where a woman wrote that such sharp changes in a
man mean there’s a mistress.

“What, my Ian? No way…” I kept telling myself he couldn’t be cheating on
me. He was still in his shut-in phase when we first met. And even though
I fully trusted him, once the thought was in, it didn’t leave.

Without even meaning to, I started finding evidence. Every cold “No” of
his in bed hit straight in the heart and widened the distrust. Thoughts
started coming: “Am I really his first? Maybe he wants novelty? Maybe I
really am not good enough for him?”

He kept getting more distant and less talkative, and my distrust kept
growing faster and faster.

It all fell into place one morning, 3 weeks ago.

I was brushing my hair and something made me look at the brush. I found
a red hair on it.

But neither of us has red hair.

He was, fucking, bringing that redhead bitch into our home.

I was so angry I was ready to kill him on the spot, but I was rushing to
work. And he was asleep. All workday I went over the situation in my
head several times, and by the time I got home and saw him, I couldn’t
squeeze a single word about that hair out of me.

Months of being put down had done their work. I just doubted myself.
Maybe the hair reflected the light weird. Maybe I shouldn’t have visited
that site. He looked at me with sincere eyes. That night we had sex.

I felt ashamed for suspecting him. But after the sex he just turned away
from me and the cold wrapped around me again. That happens with guys
sometimes. I tried to talk to him, but he brushed it off saying he
needed to sleep because of an early start.

Before falling asleep he whispered softly, “sorry.” He started treating
me even more coldly. He seemed ashamed, but not in front of me.

We didn’t have a good chance to talk about it after that, so I just
decided again, like an idiot, to keep quiet. But not to let it go.

I did something people are usually ashamed of. But I was so confused and
the feeling inside me was so weird that I couldn’t take it anymore. I
put a bug in the bedroom. The audio streamed to my phone in real time.

I know, it’s a terrible thing to do, but you’ll see I didn’t do it for
nothing.

There’s going to be a lot of swearing ahead, sorry, I’m reliving this
and the emotions are hitting me.

I was at work, 3 hours before the end of my shift. My phone gave the
signal that there was a conversation happening in the bedroom. My heart
stopped.

Was I right? Maybe he was talking to himself? With shaking hands I
opened the app, and the conversation made me lose my shit.

Ian: I know, forgive me. I’m so fucking ashamed. I didn’t want to fuck
her, she came onto me again. I couldn’t say no to her one more time.
(pause) Is that why you’re not talking to me at all anymore? I only love
you, Sara.

Sara is a placeholder name, but in that moment I was just in shock.
That’s the name of his ex, the one everything’s “unclear” with.

Ian: And I’ve always loved you, even when I left. They told me it would
be better that way. I really regret it! I regret that you heard our sex.

It was a one-sided conversation. She wasn’t answering him. But my soul
just fell through the floor right then. His ex? This is a complete
shitshow. And what does “heard our sex” mean?

I didn’t understand shit and I was scared. I heard him offer to buy her
a chocolate bar at the store and leave the house, or so I thought at the
time.

I was so fucking angry. And shocked at the same time. That anger gave me
energy and courage. I’m going to catch them red-handed right now.

I called a cab and got home. Went into the bedroom, but no one was
there. I thought she’d left because she was offended or got tired of
waiting for him.

But the truth turned out to be way scarier.

I turned my head towards the storage closet and saw a key stuck in the
lock. What the hell? My head just shut down right then. I don’t
understand shit.

I carefully walked to the door. “Why did he lie about the key? Why is
the closet open? Were they hanging out in there? Why? What the hell.”
Questions spinning in my head.

I reach my hand out to the door handle, my whole body shaking. This is
fucking scary. I turn the handle. Open the door.

AND I FUCKING SWEAR, I ALMOST DROPPED DEAD. A BODY FALLS RIGHT ONTO ME.

I started screaming loudly and hysterically, until I realized the body
lying on me couldn’t weigh more than 15 kg. I pushed the body off and
saw a silicone body.

No legs. Red hair.

I was so fucking stunned.

In a second the picture came together. The one he was calling his ex.
The one he was talking to so seriously. The one who “heard our sex.”

It’s a fucking doll.

If before I’d felt scared and shaky, now something hit me to the core,
gave me goosebumps like I’d never had before. What was I even thinking.
Starting to date a hikki-loser who, as it turns out, considers a sex
doll his actual ex-partner.

She didn’t look expensive, but she looked realistic enough to be creepy.
And her legs. I looked closer, they’d been cut off after manufacture.

By Ian? Fuck no, just run.

I grabbed the most essential things and bolted from the house, ran far
away and called a cab to my sister’s.

My sister and I didn’t talk that often. She knew I had a boyfriend, but
I didn’t tell her about our problems. So she didn’t understand anything
when I called her from the cab. I told her I was on my way and I
couldn’t stay with Ian anymore, that I was scared.

She got scared and started asking questions, but I wasn’t able to answer
right then, I needed to think it through, so I promised I’d tell her
everything when I got there.

My head was a swarm of thoughts and emptiness at the same time. On one
hand, a sex doll isn’t cheating. It’s weird, but everyone has their
kinks. It’s gross, but it’s not scary. And maybe it’s not even a reason
to break up.

But the fact that he considered her his ex, talked to her, put her above
me, and treats her like she’s alive, that’s fucking terrifying. And
looking back at this, the fact that he personally cut off her legs
himself. I’m scared to be around this person. I lived with a complete
pervert in the same house for 3 months.

My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a message. From Ian. He was
asking why I left, what happened. Even just messages from him scared me
to death. I didn’t even open the messenger, just blocked him everywhere.

By the time I arrived I’d calmed down a bit. I was still shaking, but I
could think clearly. I told my sister everything. She looked at me with
huge wide eyes and was urging me to tell our mutual friends about the
situation.

I waved it off and said I didn’t want anything to do with him anymore.
Plus we hadn’t really been talking to those friends for a while, we’d
drifted apart. I just decided to lay low at my sister’s. The weekend was
ahead.

I tossed and turned all night and couldn’t sleep, and in the morning I
saw a message from my ex-classmate. He wrote to me himself.

I won’t recap the whole dialog, but the gist is that Ian had already
complained to him about me. He asked what happened. And when I told him
in detail what happened, he just called me crazy.

He’s known Ian a long time and even though Ian’s a bit of a loner,
Trevor absolutely refuses to believe what I told him. He figured I just
found a convenient excuse to bail on Ian because Ian was having work
problems.

He accused me of always being inconsistent and not being able to handle
problems. I just ended the conversation.

I don’t get how he could take Ian’s side. I get that my story sounds
weird at first, but I wouldn’t just lie to him so blatantly. That was
another blow for me.

While my sister was at work, I just scrolled TikTok and watched movies
trying to distract myself. I thought I’d just cross all these people out
of my life forever. Yeah, it’s really easier for me to run. But you have
to admit, it’s hard to blame me here.

While I was watching a movie, I got a message. It was from Ian, but from
a new account.

“Come back home, [my name], please! I know I acted like the biggest
asshole, I need you! Sara is in the past! She won’t be living with us
anymore, I only need you! Come back fast, I don’t know what might come
into her head!”

Night was already coming, my sister was being kept at her shift. She
works as a nurse, so this is a regular thing. But that night
specifically I wanted her next to me.

The message scared me. What might come into the head of a doll, you sick
fuck? Get help, pervert. I just ignored it and blocked the account.

I locked all the doors. Lay down and tried to sleep. Tossed and turned
and couldn’t close my eyes. Suddenly, just starting to drift off, I
heard a message notification. Fuck, I’m so sick of this.

The bright screen lit up the dark room. In the pop-up I saw a message
from an unknown number. I got scared Ian had registered a new account.

But fuck. I would have preferred that.

The avatar of the new account was a photo of that fucking doll. And the
message:

“You destroyed our relationship. YOU homewrecker bitch. He was mine and
he will be mine. The fact that he fell for a slut like you is a
coincidence. He talked about you the whole time! EVERYONE WHO GETS
BETWEEN ME AND IAN ENDS UP BADLY. I was with him when he was at his
worst, and I came back to him when he was at his worst. And you bitch,
I’ll crawl all the way to you.”

FUCK, HE’S INSANE. He made an account for the fucking doll to scare me.
What a creepy face she has. Especially in the dark.

Goosebumps. But honestly, I started getting used to it. Let him write
whatever he wants. I put the phone down and tried to sleep again.

I was woken up by a knock at the door.

At first I got up like nothing was wrong. Walked out of the room, went
to the front door to open it for my sister. But then it fucking hit me
that my sister has keys.

I walked over hoping my sister was just too lazy to open the door. And I
was walking already not fucking calm at all. This is scary as fuck.

It got especially scary when a message came from my sister: “Are you
sleeping? I might be heading home soon, can you open the door for me?”

I bolted into the room as fast as I’d ever run. They just got the wrong
house, they just got the wrong house. I kept repeating that, but who am
I kidding, Ian knew for sure I’d go to my sister’s.

Dammit, he has my geolocation in his phone, that psycho.

I lay down in bed and pulled the blanket over my head. My brain just
wasn’t accepting this, I didn’t believe it, he’s going to fucking kill
me. I switched the phone to silent.

First thing I checked Ian’s geo. He was home.

I felt relieved. Someone got the wrong house, a branch knocked, or I
just imagined it. Either way, seems like nothing to worry about. I tried
to fall asleep again, though obviously it wasn’t working.

When my eyes closed, the knock came again. But not on the door. It came
from the window across from my bed.

SHIT. I’M FUCKED.

My body just froze. I grabbed the blanket and was squeezing it tighter
and tighter, tears streamed down my cheeks, but I didn’t make a sound. I
felt like I was about to pass out from fear.

My brain shut down, and my body on autopilot slowly lowered the blanket.
I kept telling myself I was imagining it again and there was nobody
there.

Ian isn’t standing there. I lowered the blanket and Ian wasn’t there.

THE FUCKING DOLL SARA WAS STANDING WITH A KNIFE AT THE WINDOW, TRYING TO
PUSH THE WINDOW IN. Not break it, not smash it. To push it in.

And she was fucking smiling.

THE STREETLIGHT WAS LIGHTING HER FACE I SWEAR SHE WAS SMILING AND
PRESSING THE WINDOW.

I screamed like I’d never screamed before. I covered my ears and eyes,
curled up in a ball and screamed with all my strength. Without stopping.
Hoping one of the neighbors would hear me.

I screamed and screamed and screamed and screamed. I didn’t hear or see
anyone around me.

I felt a touch. I screamed, I jumped, I kicked and hit, until I saw my
sister in front of me. She’d just gotten back from her shift. Her
terrified eyes, full of horror. She didn’t understand what was
happening. I’d scared her to death.

I looked at the window. Nobody was there.

I hugged my sister and just cried for half an hour. She hugged me back.
She was waiting for an explanation.

It was 6 in the morning. We were both sitting in the kitchen. I told her
everything. She was horrified, couldn’t get a word out. I understand,
she’s scared too. Not just for me, but for herself.

I wanted to show her the messages, but everything was deleted. Sara’s
account wasn’t even there anymore. But my sister still believed me. She
was sure Ian did it.

About the geolocation argument, she convinced me Ian must have left his
main phone at home and taken a spare one I don’t know about. Probably.

And as for Sara’s smile, she was sure my brain in the dark and animal
fear drew something that wasn’t there. Sara is still just a doll.

Just a doll.

My sister and I weren’t safe staying at the house together anymore.
Without sleeping, we immediately packed up and left for a hotel. Not the
closest one. The furthest one.

I obviously deleted my geo.

We checked into the hotel, I had savings, and so did my sister. I
couldn’t go to work. I took sick leave for several days. After checking
in, my sister and I unpacked and just passed out. No chance otherwise.

We woke up around 2pm, still groggy. But I had to go to the police.
During the day it’s not as scary to leave the building, plus the street
was busy.

I was in a daze and walking on autopilot. As if the world around didn’t
exist. I felt nothing.

I came to the police station and calmly told them what was happening.
They filed the report, took it down, but were obviously not going to do
anything. Some vague phrases like “we’ll get to it when we have time,”
“well there’s no evidence, it’ll be hard,” “we’ve got real criminals out
there, wait your turn.”

I filed the report but came back to the hotel feeling like nothing
happened. I was upset, but not surprised.

At that very moment I heard a message from the bug app. God, I never
deleted it. A woman’s voice. He’d already found himself a new
girlfriend? I heard a romantic conversation, sounds of sex.

I felt relieved.

It’s been 2 weeks since then. Things are getting better. I gathered up
money, borrowed some, moved into a new apartment, sitting among boxes.

There hasn’t been a peep from Ian. Honestly, I’m slowly forgetting the
whole horror. No, who am I kidding, of course this is never coming out
of my head. It’s burned into my memory forever.

I thought it was all behind me, but I heard the app again. The woman
who’d been with Ian. She was screaming. Screaming, begging.

I started recording and froze.

This is horror.

At some point, the woman stopped screaming.

I closed the app and tried to call the police. But at that moment I got
a message from Sara, from a restored account: “What you eavesdropping
for, bitch?”

My heart sank. There was a knock at the door. Fuck, how did she find me
again?

I sat at the table not knowing what to do. But I heard my sister’s
familiar voice behind the door. Tears flowed down my cheeks, but from
relief.

I quickly ran to the door and saw my sister standing with Mark.

Remember Mark? The fifth from our group. The one I didn’t even try to
message, having wished they’d all disappear from my life.

At first I tensed up, but my sister assured me she’d told him everything
and he’d shared something with her too. I was completely relieved when
he said: “Friend, they’re fucked in the head.”

He believes me.

Mark said we had to get to the police fast. We got in his car and drove
to the station.

On the way Mark told me that Ian, Trevor and Maria aren’t as nice as
they seem. Or rather, they seemed nice to him too, but there was rot.

Once he took Trevor’s computer for an assignment and saw a foot fetish
forum. It wasn’t just feet on the site. There were clear hints at
violent content. Especially related to physical mutilation.

“I closed the tab fast, telling myself Trevor just had a sick
imagination and nothing more. But this shit wouldn’t leave me alone, so
I drifted away from the group. And when your sister came to me and told
me the whole story, I remembered this site. Their weird quirks. I told
your sister we needed to get you out urgently. Wherever you are, they’re
crazy as hell,” Mark said.

We got to the police. The messages were deleted, but the recording was
still there. Plus Mark’s testimony, my sister’s. That obviously gave it
weight.

We told them Maria was probably at my place. They reluctantly agreed to
go to my new apartment right away, but they also decided to send another
small group to Ian’s house.

They found and caught Maria near my building. They didn’t find Trevor
and Ian at home, but Maria quickly gave up their location.

It’s been 3 months since then. I’m writing this now and this is all I
have on hand. Their full confession.

Trevor and Ian had been weird kids since school. Ian was a withdrawn
shut-in. Trevor was better with people. Although sometimes he’d come up
with strange ideas, kill bugs and torture cats.

In his first year of college Trevor found that forum. He met Maria on
the same site, in the comments. They turned out to live in the same
city.

For a long time they were satisfied with fantasies. They watched the
forum. Then moved to the darknet, bought videos there. At some point
Maria said she wanted to see it for real. She wanted a collection.

Trevor loves Maria. And dismemberment. He easily agreed.

They were planning a series of murders, but didn’t want to get their
hands dirty. So Trevor went to Ian.

Ian was Trevor’s old friend. A withdrawn shut-in who was dating a
silicone doll. He took care of her, brushed her hair. Trevor had
complete influence over Ian. Trevor is smart by himself, and having a
shut-in friend who’s afraid of losing his only buddy and was ready for
anything because of it, he had all the cards.

Ian was also a fan of similar sites, but he wasn’t sure he was capable
of it in real life. So Trevor ordered Ian to practice on the doll.

Ian was horrified, was categorically against. But Trevor pressured him,
had blackmail material. Videos of him with the doll, taking care of her,
browser history with horrible porn I didn’t even want to describe.

Ian, with tears in his eyes, did it to Sara and threw her in the closet.

They chose me as the next victim. They wanted to do everything fast, but
Ian actually fell in love with me. He came up with excuses and delayed
the moment.

At some point Trevor convinced him that Sara still loved him, and he
started returning to his “ex,” growing cold towards me. According to
Ian, I ran away on the exact day he was ready to finish what he’d
started. He actually wanted to do it during our last sex, but couldn’t
bring himself to.

They weren’t interested in just finding me and bringing me back. They
were interested in scaring me, terrifying me. It amused them.

Maria came up with the idea of dressing as the doll, found me by the geo
Ian sent her. But my sister’s arrival scared her and she ran.

Trevor found the second victim on a dating site and lured her under
Ian’s name. Ian hesitated, but handled her faster. Trevor didn’t just
pressure him, he blackmailed him and threatened him directly. That sped
things up.

After that their bloodlust got stronger. They liked it. And they wanted
to bring me back into the game.

Ian had found the bug a week before the second girl. He doesn’t know why
he didn’t remove it right away. He found it with Trevor there, so he
convinced Trevor it could be left there to play with me, to scare me to
death.

But he confessed himself that maybe he wanted to be found. Wanted to
stop all this.

They found my new rented apartment using that same bug. I don’t know
how, and they don’t either. They just said they hired a guy from the
darknet who knew how.

Maria came to finish what she started in the same outfit, but was caught
red-handed.

Ian cried. Maria and Trevor smiled through the whole investigation.

I’m glad it’s all finally over. It’s over in reality, but in my head
these events are burned in forever. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to
sleep normally. I’m working with a psychiatrist, they prescribed me
treatment.

But now I always lock the doors and the windows.

And also, no more shut-ins with ponytails. Never.
