Heavy. Suffocating. Writhing blackness enfolding my body, filling my
mouth, consuming my being until nothing else remained.

I woke up, sickly and sweaty, clutching my chest and heaving from
somewhere deep inside. The tears came soon after, and the recognition of
the morning light streaming through my blinds after that. It was bright.

That’s the earliest dream I can recall when this all started happening.

These nightmares would come and go fairly often after I moved into my
apartment. Each one would start with a vision of a little black square,
far away amongst an empty white void. Then it’d grow, slow at first but
then impossibly fast, expanding into a monolithic shape that towered
over me. I’d feel its weight, its pressure, and once it was big enough
to fully envelop my sight, it would suffocate me. The blackness would
enter me, whether through my mouth or nose or ears, and it would make me
a part of it.

I shrugged it off initially as just anxiety from moving so far from
home. It didn’t happen all the time, and I learned to put up with it
when it did happen. I wasn’t going to let it control my life. They’d
soon disappear as I settled in.

But one morning, after waking up from one of those nightmares, probably
the third or fourth one that month, I felt something in my mouth. Like
I’d eaten chalk and my tongue was all dry and something coated my teeth.
I went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. My teeth and gums had a
dullness that you wouldn’t expect wet bones and flesh under harsh light
to have. There was a faint film all over the inside of my mouth. It
didn’t taste like anything.

I wondered if I was doing something in my sleep at night. Maybe I was
sleepwalking? Maybe I was biting my pillow? Before I went to bed that
next night, I left my laptop open and the webcam recording at the end of
my bed and I left my lamp on so that it could see me sleep.

It happened again that night. The same nightmare. When I woke up,
despite my sweatiness and butterflies, I crawled across the bed and saw
that the laptop was still recording. I stopped it, saved the video, and
started scrubbing through it. 

Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, then… something. Something small.

In the grainy footage, it was difficult to make out, but I saw a tiny
black spot move across the pillow to the left of my head. It approached
my snoring mouth and disappeared inside.

My throat went dry. I ran my tongue over my teeth and I moved the video
forward again.

There was another black spot a few minutes later. Then another. This
time there were three, all coming from over the side of my bed and
crawling into my mouth.

As the video approached the end, I saw a sudden rush of them. A few
dozen, maybe, by my count. They climbed over the sheets from all sides.
One came right past the laptop up close, giving me a view of what I had
been swallowing.

Spiders. Thin, black, spindly, like those kinds you’d see while camping
in the south. Daddy long-legs, I think.

There was a pit in my stomach. I felt sick. I ran to the bathroom and
looked in my mouth. Amongst the dry, pulsing flesh and dulled teeth,
there was a limb. Barely thicker than a black hair, lodged between two
of my front teeth. I gagged and washed my mouth out.

I went back to my bedroom and began searching. Surely there was some
sort of origin, some sort of hole or something. I meticulously searched
the room top to bottom, getting on my hands and knees and moving
everything around.

Then I found it.

A small crack right near the corner of the room, underneath where my bed
was nestled along two walls. I shined a flashlight upon it and followed
the crack to the base of the wall, where there was a tiny hole.

I filled it with putty and covered the putty with tape.

A few days later, no nightmares. So far so good. But as more time
passed, my mental clarity hadn’t really returned. I was still finding
myself somewhat groggy, not just in the mornings, but throughout the
days. I tried to shrug it off.

It was only two weeks later when it finally happened again. That same
old nightmare.

Once again, I woke up clutching my chest. I was drained. I felt
disgusted. I ran to the bathroom and washed out my mouth. There were
tiny black particles all over my teeth and coating my tongue. A leg here
and there, a speck of dark blood, and maybe even… tiny hairs? 

I destroyed my room again that day searching for where they were coming
from. The putty actually had held in place perfectly fine, leaving me
even more distraught. I searched and searched and searched and searched
until there was nothing left to find. No holes or entry points anywhere
in my room. I collapsed, defeated. I left for the day.

That’s when I found it. Just as I opened the door to leave my room,
right there on the opposing wall in the hallway, was a tiny hole by the
floor.

Needless to say, I sprayed damn near the whole can of repellent inside
the hole before filling it with putty and securing the whole thing with
more tape. I sprayed even more repellent and left it at that.

A day later and no nightmare came.

Three days later and I began having a persistent headache in my waking
hours. 

Ibuprofen became a regular necessity by the end of the week. I was
finding myself constantly tired, like there was a weight on my shoulders
at all times. The heat outside was stronger than it used to be. I’d
catch myself sweating often. Certain sensations in regular life began to
feel exaggerated. A bug would fly past my head and the buzzing was ear
piercing. It’d stir an odd feeling in my gut.

Just a few days after the end of that week, it came back in full
throttle.

A giant black object consumed me. I felt the full dread and terror and
disgust pour itself into my skull. 

My apartment was a wreck that day. Nowhere in my room, neither of the
covered holes had been reopened, and most of the living room seemed
fine. Eventually, however, I spotted it. How could I not? There was a
large hole right by the front door to my apartment. It was right against
the ground, with a number of thin cracks cascading outwards into the
wall above.

Visions of all those nightmares and seeing those spiders crawling into
my mouth flooded into my mind and I was overcome with horror. I wasn’t
sure what to do short of just leaving the place completely.

So that’s what I did. My older brother, Frank, gave me permission to
crash on his couch for however long I needed. I told him there was a bug
infestation and left it at that.

I didn’t even make it a week. After the first night, I felt as though I
had a heavy fever. I had a pulsating headache and my hands had a
persistent trembling. This lasted for four days, but it felt like an
eternity.

On that last day, although it was mostly a blur, I remember Frank
wanting to go on a few errands. Despite my sickness, I agreed to go,
just to get myself outside and distracted.

We went to the grocery store, then the book store, then finally, we
approached the pet store.

I was sweating profusely and the summer heat was beating down on me. I
felt a gnat land on my arm and I stared down at it. There was a stirring
down inside my stomach, something I couldn’t understand the feeling of.
I was mesmerized, my mind solely transfixed.

“Dude, you good? You’re sweating up a storm.” Frank said, and he swatted
the bug away. I snapped my head up to him.

“Y-yeah, man, let’s just get inside. It’s hot out.”

Every step was laborious. I was dizzy. Once we entered through the
doors, a rush of A/C hit me and I felt as though I could collapse. Frank
droned on about his dogs and their favorite toys and treats and he
wandered off without me. I floated through the store, hardly cognizant
of the people or things around me.

Then I smelled something. It was like a bloody steak that had been
seasoned in wet dirt. My stomach stirred again, and I understood what I
felt. I was hungry. So, so hungry.

I rushed towards the smell, locating a brown metal bin in the corner of
the shop. I could hear murmuring, maybe of the people around me, but I
couldn’t tell. My vision was a blur. The smell was intense. I felt the
earth on my tongue.

I grabbed the top of the bin and threw it to the ground. I took a fist
and ran it through the contents of the bin, grabbing a handful of matter
and shoveling it straight into my mouth.

The sensation was bliss. My mouth was warm and full and a wave of
pleasure crashed through my entire body. I grabbed another fistful. Then
another. And another.

I have no idea how long I stood there over that bin before Frank shook
me by the shoulders and yelled in my ears.

“What the fuck are you doing? Stop, dude! Stop!” He slapped something
out of my hand.

I looked down at the bin. It was full of live crickets. Writhing,
clicking, like some giant hivemind mass of brown twig limbs and papery
wings. I backed away, queasiness overtaking me. I opened my mouth,
feeling the squelch of dozens of insects in my mouth as they stuck to my
teeth and gums and tongue and the roof of my mouth. Some were still
moving, tickling my throat. I spat them all out over the floor and ran
straight out of the building.

The sky was blue. I felt the breeze. It wasn’t even hot outside. I stood
outside, feeling my stomach settle, then my mind. My head was finally
clear.

Since then, I’ve come to a truth. I couldn’t just keep avoiding my
stresses. I moved out of Frank’s place and back to my apartment. These
past few months, the nightmares have settled. My sickness during the day
has gone away. I finally feel okay for the first time here. Like I
finally belong.

Every morning, when I leave for work, I’m reminded of the night prior. I
see the cascading cracks that originate in the open hole right by my
front door. I run my tongue over my teeth and feel the tickles of the
tiny legs.

It tastes good.
