I never thought i would be writing this, but i am preety sure that what
just came after me is a skinwalker, and i know no one will belive me for
it.

I always knew about skinwalkers since i was young, when i used to go to
the countryside in a small town in north eastern arizona in the summer
time, where an old navajo man would sometimes come from the forest, and
all us kids would gather around him and he would tell us scary stories
about skinwalkers, now i think they were never stories, i think he was
trying to warn us.

When i turned 20, i moved there to get away from the big city, and also
be able to ride trails on my dirtbike that i had since i was 15,
everything was great, i had a new job fixing bikes and i had friends
that i would go riding with in the weekends, we knew eachother since we
were kids and all heard the stories of skinwalkers.

we never joked about them, shit we never talked about them, whitch is
weird since we all love horror stuff, but the one think we never joked
about was skinwalkers, even though we all thought they were just an old
myth.

One day this girl showed up in our town, she was on vacation with her
family and one of my friends met her somehow, and she mentioned she
loved camping, so of course me and my friends wanted to take her.

On the night we went she kept mentioning skinwalkers and how everyone
said they were around these parts, and that he saw a video of a man go
into the forest taunting them, and saying their name in the native
language.

-i’d never be brave enough to do that especially around these parts, she
said and me being the idiot that i am and in the effort of impressing
her, i got up and said

-they are not real, i can say it nothing will happen, while forcing out
a laugh and then i made probbably the worst mistake of my life.

I said: yee nadalooshi and whisteled 3 times, my friend getting up and
saying it right after me: yee nadalooshi and also whisteled, we coule
see the girl was scared, so we conforted her and told her its just a
myth and she looked like she was better.

A few days pass and i forget about the incident, the girl leaves and i
head back home after a ride, sitting in my yard enjoying a snus when i
noticed something weird, the neighbours cat is sitting on my porch, that
cat always hated me since i was a child, so seeing it sit on my porch
looking at me was weird, i didnt care though, i scared it off and went
back inside.

Over the next couple of days that cat would sit there, every day i came
back from work, and i started to get annoyed by it, since it was harder
and harder to scare it off, once i needed to pick it up and put it next
to my neighbour’s fence, the cat seemed calm when i picked it up,
actually it didnt move at all.

The next day i was riding, when a storm came, and i drove back home,
putting my bike right outside the fence and covering it up, i was going
towards that door when i saw it, the cat, it was standing up on 2 legs
looking at me, it looked like it was scared, it looked at me like it had
no soul behind those eyes, why would a cat be standing up on 2 legs.

I tried to make it go away but it woudnt move, it woudnt react, so i
reached out to touch it and try to pick it up, its skin was ice cold, i
never felt something colder in my life i took my hands off it and i
quickly went inside and called my neighbour and told her something was
wrong with her cat, she said to please feed her, since she probbably
forgot to and that is probbably why she is acting weird.

-no you dont understand, its standing up on 2 legs, i said.

-you know nothing about cats do you, she said they get up if they are
catching a bug or something.

Before i could say anything, she told.me to stop being paranoid and feed
her cat, and hanged up.

I went and got a fish i had and threw it out the door, and went inside,
i was in bed watching something and i almost forgot about the cat, when
i heard it, footsteps, i ran to get my tablet to check my cameras, but
there was nothing, porbbably just some rain sounds, i’m tired im just
making it up, i said.

At 2 am they got louder, i went to check again, still nothing, they
sounded like feet walking on wet grass, just a lot heavier, and a lot
faster, almost like someone was running around my house, i opened the
window for a second, to see if there was anyone, and they stopped, then
i smelt it, rotting flesh, i almost threw up from it, i closed the
window and went to the bathroom to throw up, then i came back.

Something got in my yard and died, maybe a deer or one of the pigs that
walk around, maybe the coyotes are back, yes that has to be it.

The coyotes are eating a dead animal that got into my yard, there is no
other explananion for that smell.

Then i heard it, DAVID, my name, it sounded like my neighbours voice,
maybe she was back DAVID again maybe my neighbour is back, maybe
something happened to her cat

I slowly opened the window to look for her when i saw something behind
the trees, it had a human face, with fully black eyes and white skin, it
was taller then anything should be, its head reaching as higher then my
window, even though it was on 4 legs its back was arched in an unnatural
way, staring right at me, it let out an horrible sound, and started
running towards the window, its legs? Or whatever you could call those
bending an an unnatural angle, they looked like they were about to come
out of its skin.

I ran towards the window to my front yard while hearing glass breaking
behind me and that thing making screaming sounds no human or animal
could make, i smashed the window and jumped out, pieces of glass
sticking into me, i ignored the pain and took my cover off my dirtbike,
i took my keys out of my pocket and put them in, putting my leg on the
kickstart.

I stared kicking the kickstart as hard as i could, kick, kick, kick,
kick, i looked up and i saw it staring at me, i could see its bones
almost sticking out of it, one last kick and the engine started, i
climbed onto it and throttled as hard as i could, i throttled so hard i
almost looped back.

I rode for a long time, the only sound i could her was the engine, and
remembering that horrible sound that thing did, it sounded like someone
choking, but at the same time screaming in pain, i saw lights behind me
and i realised there was a police car there, i pulled over and he got
out of the car and came towards me

-do you own this bike, there is no plate on it.

I didnt know what to say, i noticed him looking at my bloody arms and
legs with a piece of glass still sticking out of my arm

-i dont know what happened here, but until we see that you own this
bike, you are coming back to the station with me.

And so i stay in the police station writing this, it knows where i am, i
can hear the cops talking outside, they seem scared, i would be too, i
can smell it, rotting flesh it is coming here.

I SHOULD HAVE NEVER SAID ITS NAME
