[Part 1]

Before I begin, thanks to u/Fund_Me_PLEASE. I actually tried your
suggestion after my last post. Nothing happened. The wish wasn’t
granted, and my Zoro figurine is still gone.

The last few weeks have been a rollercoaster!

Things at work had gone bad. Like truly bad. Layoff bad. 

I spent most of my time thinking about what I would do if I were laid
off. I was still on probation so I thought I was going to be the first
one to be booted in my team.

I stopped buying merch for a while trying to save up money in case I was
booted and had to survive on my savings for a few months.

No houseparties either. That shit’s expensive.

My therapist was very kind with her words of affirmation but she was
also very grounded about the fact that this is a possibility I should be
ready for.

I told her I wished it didn’t come to that. Not only was I good at what
I did, I showed results from the first day in the office. Surely they
didn’t think I was someone they’d want to let go.

That was last Friday. This Monday, my skip-level manager called me into
his office. 

Whatever confidence I had about my skills and talent when I was talking
to my therapist packed its bags and left for an impromptu vacation.

So there I was, sitting in his office like a lamb waiting to be devoured
by a lion.

“You’ve probably heard about the downsizing.”

I nodded.

“It’s been hard on everyone.”

“Yeah.”

He folded his hands on the desk.

“We’ve had to make some difficult decisions.”

There it was.

The execution speech.

I suddenly became very interested in a framed certificate hanging on the
wall behind him.

“We’re letting your manager go.”

My stomach dropped.

“She’s going to spend the next few weeks transitioning her
responsibilities to you.”

I blinked.

“Sorry, what?”

“To you.”

I stared at him for a second.

“I’m still on probation.”

“I know.”

“And you want me to take over her role?”

“If you’re willing.”

I sat there trying to process what had just happened.

Five minutes ago, I was mentally calculating how many months of rent I
could survive on.

Now I was being offered a promotion.

“Will the team even accept that?”

“That’ll be your problem,” he said with a smile.

I laughed.

“Fair enough.”

“So that’s a yes?”

“Yes.”

“Good. HR already has the paperwork ready. Congratulations.”

The rest of the day was a blur. It was only once I was back home that I
took it all in. My manager didn’t deserve to get laid off, and I
certainly didn’t deserve to take her place. 

It was all so unexpected.

For some reason, I found myself thinking about the pizza and the missing
figurine again.

I tried not to dwell on it.

Good thing I had an appointment with my therapist tonight. I would love
to unload all of this on her.

So I pulled up the calendar app and there was no calendar entry.

All the office events were marked as they should but there was no entry
for my 8 PM appointment.

Maybe I forgot to add it from the email.

So I checked the email and it turns out there wasn’t any from the
therapist’s office.

Maybe I should give them a call and let them know this is unacceptable.

But nope, I somehow don’t have their number anymore.

Heck I even called my sister to ask about the therapist and the fact (I
still maintain it’s a fact) that I’ve been seeing a therapist for the
good part of a decade is news to her. Shit I forgot to tell her about
the promotion.

I know she exists. I remember getting her up to date on my life with
PPTs. I couldn’t find said PPTs even though I know exactly where I
stored them on the cloud.

As a last resort, I tried searching for her office on Google and nope,
nothing.

There’s a grocery store where her office used to be and it looks like
it’s been there for at least 5 years judging by the 1-star “their apples
are rotten, don’t recommend” review by some Karen.

This feels way too much like the collectible.

It’s like the universe is playing a sick joke on me. This is the
opposite of dementia. Instead of my memories about things and people
being erased, said things and people are being erased.

I’ve never faced something like this before. It’s only after I moved
into this house that weird things started happening in my life and I
don’t know what to do.

My brain kept circling back to the house. Ridiculous, I know.

Houses don’t erase people.

I should probably check for a carbon monoxide leak. That should probably
explain things.

So I ordered one and went to sleep.

Two days later I had the detector and I did a full sweep of every nook
and cranny in the house.

No carbon monoxide poisoning.
