Part 1: I think Doyle might have more than just a drug problem : nosleep
(reddit.com)

​

​

My dad found me in hysterics the following morning. He forced me to calm
down and explain what I was rambling about.

“Son, just tell me what happened” He said calmly

“Tracy… said.. The Needle Man was in the Grischa neighborhood and was
going to go looking for him. He hasn’t responded to any call or message
since then.”

I showed him the picture of Tracy’s map from my phone. He stared at it
for a bit.

“I’ll call some of the force over there. Where were you before he went
out looking for him?”

“The Tatte on the east side of campus.”

My dad ran his finger across the picture of the map. “That walk would
basically take him across campus. He could have been captured anywhere
between those two points.”

I hadn’t thought about that, I assumed that he had made it to the
neighborhood.

“Do you know for sure if it was related to the Needle Man?” My dad asked
as he began to pace the living room, staring at the picture on my phone.

“What else could it be? You saw how obsessed Tracy was with finding him.
And the one night he actually goes out to look for him, he disappears”

My dad nodded and said softly, “Christian, you should have told me about
this last night. We could have sent officers with him.”

My eyes teared up as I was hit with guilt, “I know dad, but he told me
he didn’t want the law involved so he could get revenge himself.“

My dad nodded, “understood son. I am going to get all of this
information to the police as soon as possible. We’ll find Tracy. I
promise”

The next few weeks seemed to crawl by. News of Tracy’s disappearance
began to spread like wildfire, and several city rules were created as
part of an emergency mandate. For one, all citizens without prior
approval would need to be inside by 8:00pm. For minors, it was 7.
Citizens were also instructed to walk in at least groups of two. The
campus was littered with both officers and the National Guard; they had
been called in a week after Tracy’s disappearance.

My dad, startled by how close I was to encountering the Needle Man,
hired a plainclothes officer to escort me to and from school. A 230
pound ex-marine, named Sergei. His menacing presence made most people
keep their distance, the exception being Jenna and Pat. My loss of
freedom was not even on my mind; just the mystery of how Tracy vanished
without a trace. There was no evidence of a struggle anywhere on his
planned route across campus. Detectives began to suspect that he didn’t
even make it all the way to Grischa since Hampton street was far closer
to the coffee shop and was a much easier scapegoat.

Hampton street became another hotbed for police activity. Their presence
was felt around the area and I knew of several arrests being made. None,
however, gave us any more information about the Needle Man.

My family, as well as Jenna and Pat, were a crucial support system
during this time. They made sure I was taking care of myself and
provided much needed company. I could tell they both were shocked as
well at Tracy’s disappearance, but were trying to stay positive for my
sake.

“No sign of any struggle might even be a good thing..” Jenna said one
day on our walk to the campus game room. The three of us (Pat, myself,
and Sergei) did a double take at this comment.

“I mean, there’s just no evidence that something bad happened. I don’t
know, it’s just a thought” she continued, color draining from her voice.

“Yeah, I suppose that could be” I agreed, with little enthusiasm.

“Any news from the FBI, Sergei” Pat inquired?

He looked over his shoulders with suspicion and responded quietly, “We
might have a lead. Can you guys keep this to yourselves?”

The three of us nodded.

“They didn’t find a link between Percy and Rebecca. But there was one
between their parents. Both of them worked for the same hospital several
years ago… Don’t tell anyone this information, okay?” He hissed as we
neared the DU student center.

Our eyes moved upwards to see his hardened frown. We nodded again.

CH 6:

Click…. Clack …….click……clack…click………………….

Several circles of couches as well as many rows of tables lined the
perimeter of the well-lit game room. Jenna sat on one of the couches,
absent-mindledly doodling on her notebook. Sergei was sitting on a
table, pretending to read a book while his eyes circled the room like a
hawk. The middle of the room was reserved for a few pool and ping pong
tables, one of which we were playing on. The closest wall to us had a
large TV, which happened to be playing a 1-on-1 interview with none
other than Mayor Thomas O’Brien. I watched the orange ping pong ball
pass Pat’s paddle and bounce on the laminate floor as his attention
became fixated on my dad.

“Joining us right here is Doyle Mayor, Thomas O’Brien. Thank you for
joining us, Thomas.”

“Thank you for taking some time to speak with me, Sandra”

I see my dad’s carefully crafted sitting posture and demeanor as he
begins to answer Sandra’s questions. He was wearing a sleek black suit
and had his mid-length brown hair perfectly styled. Without the beard he
was previously growing out, he looked almost identical to me. I
nervously scanned the room for a TV remote in case the interview went
downhill. Also checking to see any change in expression on Pat’s face.
His face remained stoic, eyes still glued to the screen. Other people in
the room also started to tune in to the interview.

“We wanted to address a few common questions many citizens have been
asking. First of all, I wanted to address the fact that the city of
Doyle has had and continues to have a serious drug problem. You have
been re-elected as Mayor partially due to your promise to ‘create and
implement a pragmatic approach to rehabilitation’” She read his words
off of her page.

“It has been a few months since the election, and many residents do feel
these words were simply lip service.”

“Thank you for addressing these concerns, Sandra” my dad replied in the
emphatic, sincere tone of a media-trained politician.

“First of all, yes I understand these concerns. And we have been working
tirelessly to implement just that. Just last week, my team and I
implemented a policy to drastically reduce the amount of jail time one
faces when caught with small amounts of both heroin and other opioid
substances. We are also currently working with medical and law
enforcement resources from the Quincy Medical Center in order to utilize
their world class methadone clinic to help with treatment”

Sandra nodded slowly“I understand Thomas. This still brings up the
question, why has Doyle been so slow to help treat this problem at the
root. Heroin has been decriminalized for years in every neighboring
city. Why are we also forced to have addicts travel almost seven miles
to Quincy without any reliable transportation infrastructure to get them
there? Why do we not have any rehabilitation resources here in Doyle?”

I cringed as I watched the grilling proceed. My dad tried to appear calm
but I could tell he was flustered. “My serve, right?” I said as I hit
another ping pong ball towards Pat, just to see it bounce past him
again. The remote was still nowhere to be seen. I could see Jenna in the
corner of my view looking at the TV as well. Sergio was unbothered as he
continued to ‘read’ his book.

“I understand that there is still work to be done, and we are making
sure to prioritize key opportunities over the next four years”

“Our next question: Based on several independent news sources, you have
been reported to have close ties with a few big pharmaceutical
manufacturers, specifically, the company Citiyen, which is now America’s
leading producer of both oxycodone and Buprenorphine. We can’t help but
to feel that part of this drug crisis was facilitated by those very
companies and the gateway opioids they provided to our citizens.”

“I can assure you, Sandra, that information is both dated, and grossly
blown out of proportion. Any policies my team and I enacted around
Citiyen and other pharmaceutical companies was strictly to get the most
effective painkillers into our Pharmacies, Hospitals, and Dental
Clinics. We fully trust the authority of Doyle’s medical staff to safely
dose these drugs based on patient needs.”

Pat was now a few steps closer to the screen. I could tell by his frown
that he was not happy with my dad’s answers. “Hey Pat…. is everything
good?” I called. He gave me a quick, expressionless nod and returned his
attention to the screen.

“Our final question is one that many people are likely waiting for. It
seems like when things can’t get any worse, The Needle Man started to
purposely create drug addicts! What can you do to stop the Needle Man
before he attacks someone else? We have another person recently reported
missing, again, tied to the Needle Man attacks. We have been forced to
hide in our homes, patiently waiting for more information. When will we
hear more about this from city leaders? Where is the progress on the
search for the Needle Man?

By this point, Pat resembled a kid watching Saturday morning cartoons,
his head a foot away from the screen. My dad however, was looking like
he had aged a decade since the beginning of the interview.

“Thank you for bringing that up Sandra. We are trying to gain as much
knowledge as possible on the Needle Man and will put him behind bars. We
have involved the FBI in order to trace a link between his string of
attacks and help us find his next attack before it even happens. Until
then, Law enforcement resources have been more vigilant than ever.
Officers have been placed at schools, colleges, hospitals, neighborhood
entrances, and especially areas with high drug activity.”

“Do you mean to suggest the Needle Man may be one of the addicts living
on Hampton Street in Southeast Doyle?” Sandra asked, eyebrows raised.

“We do not have a definite answer, but it is certainly possible. They
would have the means and potentially even the motive to do it.”

He turns to the camera “To the Needle Man, wherever you are hiding, we
will find you and you will face the consequences of your atrocities”.

I walked up to the TV and pressed the ‘channel down’ button on its side.
A Baseball player now occupied by dad’s old real estate on the screen.
Pat’s trance broke and he slowly looked back at me.

I had a feeling that I knew he was thinking. ‘Has Doyle always had such
a shitty response to the drug problem? And how much of that was
Mr. O’Brien’s fault’

He finally spoke after a bit, “Has Doyle always had such a shitty
response to the drug problem?” He left out the last part but I knew he
was thinking it. Why else would he ask me?

“Yeah” I agreed reluctantly. “It was like this when my dad became Mayor”

He nodded solemnly

“I’m sorry Pat” I imagined the pain he might have been able to avoid if
his family had better access to treatment.

“It’s not your fault, man. You don’t make the rules.” I couldn’t help
but to hear a touch of resentment in his voice.

CH 7:

“Dad, what the fuck was that?” I said in an exasperated tone as he
walked into the house.

“Don’t use that language in this house, Christian” He scolded.

I didn’t back down, “How come you didn’t tell me about these ties to
Citiyen? And didn’t we talk about Hampton street already? There is no
chance you’re going to find the Needle Man there, I showed you Tracy’s
notes dad. He is in Grischa.”

He dropped his work bag and sighed as he rubbed his eyes ”Son, do you
know the first thing about being the Mayor of a major city? I have a
million things going on at all times. I’m not a detective and I’m not on
the Needle Man case. They told me Hampton street is a place of interest
so that’s what I’m going with.”

“But Tracy said-”

“I’m sorry, but It doesn’t matter what Tracy said,” My dad interrupted.
“Tracy is not a detective nor is he in the FBI. They have their
protocols and that’s what we’re going by”

He continued “And that Citiyen deal was in place long before my time”

“Do you think it’s contributed to the drug problem in Doyle?”

He paused, ”Look, it’s complicated, I don’t know. Look Christian, I got
another call coming up I gotta go” He took off his shoes and hurried
upstairs.

Days turned into weeks as the search continued for any evidence of the
Needle Man to Tracy’s whereabouts; I was beginning to lose hope of ever
finding him. It was May by the time I heard any news, mostly snippets of
information either from my dad or through Sergei as he escorted me too
and from classes.

“We have a bit of information” He told me one day after my final
Statistics class of the semester.

“It’s not much, but it could be something. So Percy and Rebecca had a
common link. Both of their moms worked at the same hospital at the same
time. They said that both of them also shared a few patients including
our person of interest: Celia Duff.

“You think she might be the one with a grudge against them?”

“She died 20 years ago. Look, it’s not much, but a motive could be
forming here. Just stay hopeful, this case might be over soon” His
hardened face nodded and gave me a small smile.

Sergei was right, just a few days later, the Needle Man was captured.

Again, Sergei was the one to deliver the news. We saw his mouth drop as
he read a message on his phone. “Holy shit! They caught him!”

I stood up from my chair and yelled, a little too loud for a library,
“No fucking way! How do you know? Did they find Tracy?” It felt like
most of the library heard me, and excited whispering started to pop up
around the large room.

Jenna and Pat were similarly excited, we exchanged hugs and began
badgering Sergei with questions.

“Just gimme a second guys” Sergei said, poorly disguising his excitement
as he picked up his phone and walked away to take the call.

He returned a few minutes later “We found a guy who fit our description
off of Hampton and South Street. The same needle gun and mask were found
on him. 15 rounds of syringe ‘ammo’ as well. It looks like he didn’t
resist arrest and has been cooperating with the officers, bastard’s in
the interrogation room right now.”

I quickly dialed my dad’s number to find that he was outside the
interrogation room.

“What’s going on Dad?” I asked quickly. “Did he say anything about
Tracy?”

“The guy is around 5 foot 11, caucasian male. He was wearing dark
clothes. I’m not sure if anyone has heard him talk before but he has a
rather deep voice. Very distinct. The son of a bitch won’t confess to
anything, he won’t even tell us his name. I’ll let you know if we get
him to talk about Tracy.”

“What was he doing when they caught him?” I asked, still curious about
Sergei’s disgruntled patient story.

“It seemed like he was there to buy heroin. Some guys around there said
he was paying double or triple the street price. I’m glad they caught
him when they did, it looked like he was preparing for another attack
tonight”.

A bittersweet feeling washed over, the Needle Man was finally caught.
However, I assumed the worst for Tracy. Several weeks and he still
hasn’t turned up. I shivered as I imagined the Needle Man disposing of
his body in the Bay.

The weather was dark and foggy as Pat split up with Jenna, Sergei, and
I.

Sergei and I dropped off Jenna and then we began the walk home.

“I don’t think you’ll need me here anymore Christian” He said as he
offered his hand at my front door.

“Thanks for all your help Sergei” I shook his hand and he gave me a firm
pat on the back. I stumbled forward. “Good luck with everything kid, I
hope you find out what happened to your friend”

I nodded and returned a sad smile.

I had a lot of questions for my dad during dinner that night.

“Why does it feel like there are so many loose ends, dad?” I asked

“There’s still no trace…we have no clue where Tracy is. I’m not sure
what his motives are. Why Rebecca and Percy? What about their parents-”

“Christian” My dad cut me off. “We are still looking into it. I’m sure
more will come into light when we finally find his identity.”

He paused for a second as his eyes tilted upwards in thought, “Maybe
these attacks were less calculated than we thought… I don’t know. I’ll
sit with the detectives tomorrow and get back to you, son.”

CH 8:

The next day was just as hazy and dark as the one before. Strange dreams
filled my brain. I watched as a needle slowly squeezed into my thigh,
filling me with its putrid, black sludge. I screamed and begged him to
stop but I couldn’t move my body. He takes off his mask to reveal my dad
standing before me with a twisted grin.

“Sorry Son, Citiyen needed to test their new medicine. It’ll only hurt
for a bit.”

I woke up in cold sweats as I jumped up screaming and frantically trying
to pull out the non-existent needle. I calmed down after several deep
breaths and reached over to grab my phone.

I had a new group message with Jenna and Pat.

Patrick Casey*: Hey guys, I was going to go to a small party tonight to
celebrate the end of the semester. Feel free to come as well. I know
it’s been a tough year so I figured it might be nice to unwind a bit.*

I groaned to myself at the thought of hanging in a room full of
strangers and the meaningless small talk that came with it. My mood was
still pretty glum from the past months so naturally, my plans included
watching movies in my room while waiting for any information from Dad.

Before I could finish typing out my thoughts I see a reply from Jenna.

Jenna Flynn: Sure, Pat sounds like fun! I don’t know if Christian and I
have been to one college party all year lol. You’ll come too right
Christian? 🥺

I groaned again and threw my pillow across the room, resigning myself to
accompanying Jenna.

Sure guys I guess I can make it out.

They both ‘hearted’ the message.

Where is it btw?

Patrick Casey: It’s on the west side of campus, near the garden and
Cheshire square. We can meet at my dorm at around 8PM and head over
together.

With my semester being completed and nothing else to occupy my time, my
day dragged on with not much else to do but check my phone and wait for
any updates on Tracy. I spent most of the day staring at a computer
screen, trying to occupy my mind.

I finally heard something around 4:00pm,

Dad: The detectives still haven’t gotten a name or confession off the
guy. They’re doing a face scan soon. I’ll let you know what comes up.

Jenna met me at my house around 7PM and we started our walk to campus.

“Isn’t May supposed to be warm?” I asked out loud, feeling the micro
rain particles coating my face.

“And sunny too,” Jenna added. “Maybe we should’ve just stayed in and
watched a movie”

“We’ve only been walking like 15 minutes, Jenna, it’s not too late to
flake” I laughed.

After a few more minutes of walking, Jenna turned to me and asked “So
how come we haven’t been on a date yet?”

My cheeks began to glow red. I struggled for a second to come up with a
response.

“Didn’t we just have a study date last week?” I quipped.

She grinned and shook her head, “I mean a real one. How about tomorrow
night?”

“Wait, isn’t it supposed to be my job to make the first move?”

“You had like 10 years, buddy” She laughed.

“Okay fair enough, tomorrow night sounds good. How about we go to that
Italian place downtown that you like?”

“I would love that,” she said warmly as she rested her head on my
shoulder for a second.

I felt a warmth swelling in my chest that, just for a second, erased all
the negativity in my head. It even felt like the fog was beginning to
clear up a little.

We eventually made it to Stetson Hall and told Pat about our date.

“It’s about time” he smiled as he clapped me on the back. There was a
bit of sadness in his smile but I couldn’t quite place it.

We had a few drinks at Pat’s place and started the walk across campus to
the party.

The cozy feeling of the alcohol plus the excitement of my date with
Jenna caused me to forget about Tracy and the Needle Man for a little
bit. It was nice to feel that weight off my shoulders.

Around us, students seemed to be in good spirits as well. The police
presence on campus had diminished significantly, replaced by the excited
looks of other students getting ready to go to parties and events of
their own.

We finally neared the house, a few blocks into the college neighborhood.
The surrounding houses were also throwing parties as evidenced by the
music and colored lights.

We walked into the house. I saw the music and lights coming from
downstairs, but there weren’t too many other voices. I assumed it was
still getting started.

“I gotta run to the bathroom but it looks like the guys are downstairs”
Pat said quickly as he shuffled across the main floor.

Jenna and I made our way down the stairs.

Just as we reached the bottom step, I noticed my phone had been buzzing
in my pocket for a while and picked it up to see several messages from
my dad.

The last one read: What is Pat’s last name?

I replied: Casey. Why dad?

Christian, get back home right now.

Startled, I looked back up at the entrance to the basement to see the
light from upstairs disappear as a heavy metal door swung and was locked
with a metallic *clink*

Jenna and I began to panic and ran back up to the door. We began to
frantically pound on the door.

I noticed Jenna’s movements were slowing as her head started to bob up
and down. I then noticed how drowsy I had become as well.

My vision blurred once…. and then everything went black.

​

Final: I think Doyle might have more than just a drug problem (Final) :
nosleep (reddit.com)
