What is chaos? Is it an idea? In English we define it as an idea: a lack
of order, a state of confusion, unpredictability.

Some think it’s something tangible. If we can account for every single
factor using science, math, our own senses, and all that, we could
explain all the chaos in the universe. We just aren’t at the right level
of development to fathom it. Personally I disagree with this philosophy.
It’s true, math and science can explain how a thing happened. They might
even be able to explain why. But in the end, its still chaos. We humans
will never have the capacity to understand it all, so to us it will
always be chaos.

Just as a random example, let’s talk about my sister. She’s paralyzed
from the waist down. She wanted to be a dancer. She’d been accepted into
a prestigious arts college. Then she went out jogging, stepped around a
pile of snow at just the right time, that a motorist, who wasn’t even
speeding, hit a small patch of black ice, causing his car to lurch at
just the right angle, that the very back corner hit her, and she broke
her back hitting the guardrail nearby. A tragic accident that could
happen to anyone.

You know what’s funny? I dug even further. I was angry at the motorist.
I’m not sure if I planned to do anything. Honestly I’m not sure what I
wanted at the time. But I followed him. I heard him lamenting to
friends. He said he didn’t even like going that way. He’d only gone that
way after seeing a possum dart across the road, which caused the driver
in front of him to screech to a halt, which aggravated him, and made him
want to take the turn, and the snow from the night before had been
shoveled into a pile at just the right spot that he didn’t think he
needed to slow down. So who’s fault was it that my sister’s dreams were
dashed? Was it hers for stepping around a snow pile while jogging? Was
it the motorist for not going even slower? Was it the possum for running
onto a road like a dumb animal?

It wasn’t anyone’s fault really. Legally, it was the motorist’s fault.
You should ALWAYS drive carefully with pedestrians in mind. That’s what
the law says in most places, and I don’t disagree. But I know more than
half the people reading this just scoffed at the idea. Why should YOU
slow down? You’re a careful driver. You’ll be able to react in time. It
will all be fine. You’ve been on that route before!

That’s what chaos is to me. It’s that feeling that exists for eternity,
that the unpredictable could still strike. Hell. You could go even
deeper. Why DID the possum cross the road? Was it fleeing a predator?
Searching for food? Did it see something it found interesting? Did a
random gust of wind blow a piece of trash in an enticing way that caused
the possum to investigate, which lead a coyote to spot it and give
chase? What caused the wind? Why did the earth’s movements seemingly
conspire to cripple my sister?

The obvious answer is: they didn’t. There is no plan. Even if we could
use science to deduce exactly what caused the possum to dart across the
road, it wouldn’t matter. We’d just know. And it wouldn’t make my sister
any less crippled. Even if we knew, what could we do? What could we
change? Never build roads near possums? Never go out when there’s been
snow? Always drive carefully? Never get upset on the road? Don’t swerve
to avoid killing a possum? Creating roads that somehow shake or melt off
any ice? Some of those suggestions sound reasonable. Some of them sound
absurd. Even if we implemented all of them somehow, would it guarantee
that nothing bad could happen? I don’t think it would.

That’s chaos. That one simple truth, that there is no one hundred
percent predicting anything in this existence. Some turn to religion, or
philosophy for comfort. I envy them. I wish I could believe there was a
benevolent plan to it all. I wish I could just be comforted existing as
we are, finding our place on this floating watery dirt ball in the
infinity of the cosmos. But I can’t. I can’t, because I met Chaos. She
was pretty cool honestly, if a bit… eccentric. She told me there isn’t a
reason. We’re just here. Shit just happens. Our existence is actually
pretty well ordered when you get right down to it. Human ingenuity has
made it possible to bring quite a bit of order to our world. We’ve even
found ways for those who get the shit end of the stick, like my sister,
to live happy lives.

My sister is a motivational speaker now. She’s also competed at high
levels of the special Olympics. It’s not what she wanted. But she says
she’s happy. I think she’d be a lot happier if she could walk, but my
point is, on some level, we should be glad we have as much order as we
do. It could be so much worse. Chaos told me. I didn’t believe her. So
one of her friends showed me.

My whole story took place a week ago.

That’s when I met her. I was pretty miserable. I have no direction in
life. I don’t know what the hell I want. That makes me depressed
sometimes, and I’d rather drink than go to therapy because I’m such a
well adjusted human being. I also had a narcissistic tendency to use my
sister’s tragedy to fuel my own nihilistic anger and apathy. Why should
I bother finding a direction? Why would it even matter?

So after my soul crushing desk job let out, I dragged myself to my usual
bar and slinked inside. That was when Chaos first struck. I had no idea
who the bartender was. I was on a first name basis with all three
bartenders at this bar. So this new guy kind of startled me. I’m
straight as an arrow, but I have to admit, the man was handsome.
Chiseled muscles, a square jaw, and skin so ridiculously smooth, he must
bathe in moisturizer. He looked up at me with a smile that was pure
pearly perfection.

“Well, hello! You must be Angus!” The stranger said amicably.

“Not to be rude, but who the heck are you and why do you know my name?”
I asked, as I glanced around.

“James told me he had a regular named Angus. Moody guy who shows up at
around seven. Favorite swill is Guiness. You look like a moody Angus.
Was I right?”

I just kinda blinked, before letting out a sigh. “Yup. That’s me. Open a
tab and keep the Guinness coming, please.” I was gonna make a move
towards my favorite corner table, where I could sulk in peace, but the
bar was completely empty. It felt weird to sit alone in that situation,
for some reason. I didn’t want to invite this smooth skinned stranger to
talk at me too much either, so the bar itself was out. In the end I took
one of the tables near the bar, so the Bartender wouldn’t have to travel
far to bring me my drinks.

The bartender didn’t move as I chose my seat. That annoyed me. “Can I
get my beer, please?” I tried not to sound too contemptuous.

“Of course. But you should know, James told me to cut you off after one.
Sorry, Angus. No DUI shenanigans.”

“The hell kind of bartender are you? You want my money or not?” I
growled back in aggravation.

“You know what’s less fun than a crippled sister? Being the one to
cripple a sister. Even more so if it happens just because you wanted a
drink.” He had an almost playful smirk on his face as he said it and it
shut me right up. At least until I got pissed off.

“Who the hell told you… what gives you the right… I… you’re no fun!” I
sputtered in impotent rage.

“Oh, I’m having lots of fun. Just not looking to kill anyone,” he
replied, and finally, he poured me my beer. I just sat there seething,
while he set it down on a coaster for me.

I kind of stared at it for a while. Making excuses in some ways, and
contemplating in others, while the delicious foam on my drink bubbled
away. I reached out to pick it up and take a nice long cold sip, but I
got cut off.

“Guy’s a real buzzkill with all that logic, huh?” The voice was a
woman’s. It came from literally right next to my ear. I felt warm breath
and everything. I must of jolted myself a good three feet and let out
the least masculine sound of fright I’d ever made (at least thus far
that night).

I tried desperately to collect myself as I stared at the woman who’d
seemingly just materialized next to me. She was completely unassuming.
Plain brown hair, plain jeans, a baggy gray sweater with some sort of
goofy looking skull on it, and one of those faces that could work on
anyone between the ages of twenty-four and forty-four. My lonely self
noted how she wasn’t unattractive, by any means, but she wasn’t exactly
eye catching either. She wasn’t looking at me. She was looking at the
bartender, with a smile that was somewhere between cute, and predatory.
“Hi Dennis!” She said girlishly.

I glanced at the smooth-faced bartender. I couldn’t help but notice a
bit of tension in his limbs as he eyed the woman. “Hi there Eri… or is
it Set?” He said with a smile that housed some fear.

“Yup! Set’s doing his own thing. Call me Azathoth.”

The bartender cocked an eyebrow and smirked in seeming amusement. “Hmm.
A bit on-the-nose don’t you think?” He asked pensively.

“What’s on my nose? When are we? Is Howard alive yet?” She replied.

“Dead for almost ninety years now.”

“Aw. Oh well. What do you think, Angus?”

I didn’t respond. I was still recovering from this woman’s sudden
appearance and her speaking into my ear. Then she turned her eyes
towards me, and I froze up all over again. I don’t even know how to
describe them. The color was some sort of yellow, but a sparkling
yellow, like some sort of piss-stained galaxy. Her pupils barely focused
on anything, and looked like two black holes in her head that sucked the
rest of her eyes towards the middle. They had the manic, unfocused
quality of a conspiracy theorist that snorted all the crystal meth.

“Good point!” She replied to something I never said.

The bartender suddenly addressed me. “Well, Mr. Angus. I was going to
have a chat, but it seems your night has been usurped. My only advice
now is try to remember that you aren’t dreaming.”

“Bwuh?” I was the only reply I could offer.

The strange woman next to me, cocked her head, and frowned. “Are you
leaving Dennis? I’ve only been here for a millenia! You’re like me!”

“We are very alike, my dear Az-y. But you still scare the hell out of
me,” the bartender replied.

“Aw. You’re sweet. At least make a fun drink before you go!”

“Anything for you” he replied with a genuine smile. I just sat there,
utterly confused and bewildered by the madness that was ensuing. But
that would be the most believable part of my evening. The Bartender
named Dennis began one of the most elaborate drink mixes I’ve ever seen
in my entire life. He literally juggled four different expensive looking
bottles and flasks of pricey liquor, pouring out a little from each as
they flew, he took a swig and spat fire just for effect, and he even
balanced everything in the tip of his nose for a moment. It all ended
with a bizarre concoction of almost luminous orange fluid with its
surface on fire. He tossed the glass behind his back, only to whip
himself in a circle and catch it all unspilled. Then he spun his way to
the weird woman, and fell to one knee as he presented the drink to her.
Also, all the while, the woman was clapping and cheering like an
excitable child watching a puppet show.

The whole performance took about two minutes. He was so incredibly
nimble and skilled that I actually forgot my confusion and watched in
awe. The woman calling herself Azathoth cheered so energetically, that I
clapped too. Azathoth took her drink while Dennis stood back up and took
a bow.

He glanced at me. “I have to go now. Stay awake. And good luck!”

My brain was starting to catch up, by now, and my impression was this
strange bartender was about to abandon me (and his business), to the
whims of a strange woman who was likely on a lot of drugs. “What do you
mean you’re leaving?” I asked. He ignored me as he walked toward the
door. “Don’t you have to run the bar?”

“The bar is closed” he replied solemnly. Then he stepped outside, and
vanished around a corner. Leaving me alone in a very uncomfortable
silence. I turned to look at my strange companion, and was unnerved to
find her staring right at me, sipping her insane cocktail through a
straw (which I swear the bartender didn’t put there).

“I like you.” She said flatly. I was already kind of terrified, but that
just made me even more nervous. “You might flirt. I’m not date material,
and my ass is shaped like a tesseract.”

If I could have gone blanker, I would have. “What the hell is wrong with
you?” I wondered aloud.

“Absolutely!” She replied with a smile. “So! You like thinking about
chaos, huh?” She said between little sips. I swear, she never blinked.
And no matter how she tilted her head, the black voids of those pupils
stayed right on me, even when she turned her head. Well, not quite, I
guess. They didn’t seem to focus on anything in particular. Usually you
look at people’s eyes or face. With her, her eyes just stayed in my
direction. I was noting all of this as I tried to think of an answer.

“I… how did you even… yes, I think about chaos,” I sputtered.

“That’s neat.” She took another long sip, all without taking those
insane eyes off of me. “Do you like it?”

“Do I… like chaos?”

“Yeah.”

“I…” until that point I’d been looking for an out. I made one last
effort. “We probably shouldn’t be drinking in here if it’s closed.”

She reached across the table, grabbed my beer, tossed back her head and
dumped the entire thing down her throat in the span of a few seconds.
She casually swallowed, and licked the foam from her lips. Than she
tossed the glass behind the bar. I heard it shatter. “There. Now you’re
not doing anything wrong,” She stated. I swear her eyes got even wider.
“So. Do you like it?”

I’m the sort of person who loves to talk about his personal philosophy.
Scared as I was by this highly unusual person who named herself after a
lovecraftian nightmare, I was kind of eager to talk to someone. I’d been
lonely. “Well. It’s not really something you can like, or not like. It’s
kind of random. Sometimes it hurts people I care about, and I curse the
universe. Sometimes I end up chatting with a stranger in a bar, and I’m
really… happy.”

“I am Chaos. I like what you think.” Her face was blank And she said it
in such a deadpan manner that I actually chuckled.

“You’re chaos? I expected more tentacles or something, given your name,”
I said, trying to sound good humored. I really didn’t want to make this
strange lady angry.

“I never understood that part. I think Lovecraft was just scared of
squids. Tentacles are actually very logical limbs in most species.”

“I… huh.”

“Your sister got hurt. Was it chaos’ fault?”

“I… how…” I broke. I just rolled with it. “No. Chaos doesn’t really do
anything to spite people.”

She loudly set her empty glass down, startling me with the loud clink,
before leaning closer to me and widening her eyes into perfect unnerving
circles. “Ohhhh yes I do. I arranged for all of it. Even the possum. The
events that hurt your sister started twenty years ago with a deer tick
in Ohio. I don’t like hurting people. But I don’t hate it either, I
guess.”

That one stung me. I always get irrationally irritated when people talk
about my sister. Now this weirdo was claiming they organized it as a god
of chaos? “You’re fucking with me, right? You can’t be chaos incarnate.”

“Why?”

“You… you look like a woman.”

“You see a woman. Maybe it’s what I want you to see.” She actually
leaned back and broke eye contact for the first time in a while. She
looked thoughtful. “OH!” She snapped to attention and stared into my
eyes again. “Or maybe this is just what YOU want to see! It’s not like
your eyes could see the rest. And your brain? It couldn’t process that
information even if your eyes could see it! Or maybe I’m just some lady
with a bunch of cats at home!”

“Or maybe it’s all of the above?” I offered after an awkward silence.

“Exactly!” She squealed in excitement. “So I hurt your sister. I did it
intentionally. But is it my fault?”

“Can we not talk about my sister? If you hurt her, I would demand to
know why. That’s all I’ll say.”

“There isn’t a why. There never is. I just am. So is the rest of me.”
Her eyes trailed off me for a moment. “I wonder what Set is up to?” Then
she was back to her bug-eyed staring.

I huffed angrily. “Look, I played along at first, but I think you’re
just off your rocker,” she fucking beamed like a child getting a
complement. My lack of alcohol, and a stranger shamelessly bringing up
my sister had me a bit pissed off. “Chaos isn’t a person. Chaos wouldn’t
show up at a shit bar to freak out random dudes.”

“It’s not like I chose to.”

“Then who the hell did? I think I’m done with this game.”

She cocked her head. “You’re mad. I thought you understood.”

“You claimed you hurt my sister. You said you did it on purpose. I have
every right to hate you for that. But you didn’t. You’re not chaos. If
you were, I’d still wonder why the hell you couldn’t let this one thing
go differently.”

“I don’t make that choice. I’m holding back enough as it is! Don’t be
mean!” She said, and she actually looked sort of hurt, but as far as I
was concerned she was just some weirdo.

“You’re a person, lady. I don’t know how the hell you know about my
sister but that’s a sore subject. So screw you!” She cocked her head at
me again. Silence enveloped us. Then those lips cracked and spread into
an absolutely deranged looking grin. I broke eye contact, stood up, and
stormed out. “Yeah, whatever, creep.” I mumbled.

The drive home started out uneventful. I wandered down the whole block,
seething and cursing under my breath the whole way, wishing I’d gotten
just one damn drink. When I reached my car, I dropped my keys, and
almost lost them. Then, as I drove, I swear I hit every red light, and
random slow-moving asshole that this town had.

With little miss ‘Chaos’ still on my mind, I screamed “FUCK YOU
AZATHOTH” as I was cut off for the fifth time. I was fuming, and
thinking about all the reasons I hated everything for hurting my poor
sister. But part of me felt a little guilty. Whoever she was, she was
quirky, but she sure seemed sad about me yelling at her. Ugh. I hate
having empathy sometimes. I stopped at the umpteenth red light and gazed
up at myself in the rear view mirror. I swear it was like I didn’t even
recognize the tired, bitter, eyes staring back at me. ‘What are you
looking at?’ I sneered. I reached up and flicked my mirror, right where
my eyes were. I had to stop them because for a second I thought my
reflection blinked without me. But that was silly.

I sighed. “She was out of line” I reasoned. “Maybe I’m in a shit mood,
and she didn’t deserve to be sworn at, but seriously. Who tells a person
‘I hurt your sister on purpose’? She was out of line.” Finally the light
changed and I pulled onto the highway.

I settled back into my fuming as I rode through the dark. It took me a
while to realize something was off. I drove on autopilot, barely minding
my surroundings. It took a good fifteen minutes for me to realize I
should have reached my usual exit a while ago. I snapped into focus.

“Where the hell am I?” It was the same nondescript stretch of road you
could find anywhere in America. There were streetlights every hundred
yards or so, and I even saw some fellow motorists, so I wasn’t too
concerned. But I got more and more confused. I never saw any street
signs, or exits, and it was absurdly dark, despite the lights. I looked
to my phone for guidance. “Hey siri, where am I?” I asked my phone
tentatively.

I waited for a reply. All I got was “data not found.” That’s when I
started to worry.

“Hey Siri? Take me home.”

“Data not found.”

“Hey Siri? Where’s a McDonald’s?”

“Data not found.”

At that point I pulled myself over to the side of the road to see if I
could figure things out.

My phone may as well have been a brick. No service, data usuage wasn’t
working for some fucking reason, and it could do nothing to give me an
inkling of where I was. I tried calling friends, but of course, that
didn’t work either.

“What the actual fuck!?” I snarled. I tossed the phone angrily into the
passenger seat, and took a few deep breaths. Then I stared out my
window, hoping to identify something in my surroundings, but like I
said, it was just a nondescript highway. Other motorists continued to
cruise by, some trees sat on the other side, barely visible in the edge
of the streetlight, giving them the look of spindly shadowy figures.
They moved slightly with some unseen wind. Something was just wrong with
all of it, and I’m ashamed to admit it took me as long as it did to
realize what it was.

There weren’t any stars. Everything above me was just plain black. A
cloudy night could explain that, but the moon was still clearly visible.
Bright and full. I glanced up at it. I got more confused. It had no
shadows, or features at all. It was just a plain white circle. I tried
squinting to see if I noticed a sheet of clouds or something but then,
the white circle vanished. It was quick, but I watched it happen. It was
like two sheets of black sky slid toward one another from the top and
bottom of the moon (relative to me, mind you) until they completely
blocked it out, and the white circle vanished. It lasted less than a
second, and then the sky slid apart again and the moon was back.

My brain almost broke trying to make sense of what I’d just witnessed,
but then the insidious thought occurred to me. ‘Did the moon just blink
at me?’

As if to confirm it, it did it again. I kind of broke. The sky was
blinking at me. I tried to rationalize for maybe two minutes, before it
happened a third time. Then I started to wonder, ‘oh shit. Did I say
‘screw you’ to chaos herself? It can’t be.’

I looked away from the moon, and back towards the road. I happened to
notice another car cruising by, but then I realized there was nobody
driving it, and it had no windows or doors. I looked toward the shadowy
trees, and I almost wasn’t surprised to see movement within the spindly
shadows, as though the trees had come to life and formed some sort of
monstrous shadowy spider. Just to cap it off, a freaking frowny face
made of red light, winked into existence. Like an emoji within the
squirming shadows.

“This has to be a hallucination,” I said to myself. “It’s a dream.”

But then I remembered the bartender. He’d said “remember, you aren’t
dreaming.”

‘Okay, if I’m not dreaming, then the sky is blinking, and a tree spider
with an emoji face is making its way towards me…’ you might be wondering
why I seem so calm. Truth be told, I wasn’t. I was scared, but until
that very moment I wasn’t convinced I was in any true danger. But as I
watched the red emoji’s frowny face twist itself into a smile… the dams
broke. Panic set in. I screamed for all I was worth, slammed the petal
to the floor and almost lost control of my car as I peeled out onto the
road.

I glanced at the mirror, and saw some unspeakable thing, a twisted mish
mash of spidery limbs all joining together at a single point, and that
single point was now an upside down smiley face gazing toward me as it
shrank into the distance. My heart was beating through my chest, I
focused on driving, breathing, and ignoring the blinking moon which had
migrated across the sky towards the horizon I was driving towards. What
little light there was on the road literally started to dance as the
streetlights turned themselves to shine towards me as I passed, like
they were made of rubber and not steel. Meanwhile the road lines on
either side of me started slithering.

“Nope!” I said to myself as my terror mounted. “Not acknowledging any of
that.” Several of the cars I was sharing the road with revealed
themselves to be, shall we say, unusual. One of them was running on
legs, like a horses, rather than rolling along. Another vehicle I
approached, that I thought resembled a semi, seemed to have millipede
legs carrying it along, but at least the car that started riding my ass
seemed normal enough. At least until I realized the headlights had
become eyes, and the grill was a mouth with sharp wiry teeth.

By that point, I figured I’d suffered a massive psychotic break. Somehow
my terror took a back seat to this realization, and I calmly pulled
myself to the side of the road again, reasoning it wasn’t safe to drive.
The other cartoonish monsters around me barely acknowledged me. They
just kept driving along, going wherever the hell they were going. I sat
there trying desperately to calm my beating heart. “It’s not real.” I
said. I repeated it over and over again.

I only picked up speed when I glanced back in the rear view mirror and
saw a glowing red smiley face speeding towards me through the dark.

“It’s not real. It’s not real. That bartender was nuts. It’s not real.”
This writhing shadowy mass I could barely see squirmed it’s way straight
to my car. Soon the red emoji face took up my entire rear window. But it
just sat there, gazing in at me (… I guess?). “It’s not real. It’s not
real.” I black limb with wildly branching digits and what looked like
bark on its surface reached around and seemed to wave at me through my
front window. “IT’S NOT REAL!” I shouted at the thing. In response, it
dragged a pointing tip along the roof of my car. I sat there and
listened to the sound of (expensive) scratching on my roof. “It’s not
real.” I glanced up at the mirror. The red face was now a winking emoji.
As calmly as I could, I reached up and pushed my rear view mirror until
I couldn’t see the face anymore. Then I sat there blubbering in the dark
red light. I tried to ignore it when it started flashing on and off, and
the thing started making a whooping sound. “It’s not real,” I repeated
yet again.

Suddenly there was a gentle tap on my window. I heard a voice outside.
“Sir? Is everything okay in there?” I struggled for a second. It could
be the fiends outside trying to trick me after all. But in the end, the
promise of a normal voice was too great. I looked up.

There was a completely normal looking man in a police uniform standing
outside my door. “I’m gonna need you to roll down the window sir.
Slowly.” I just kinda blinked for a few seconds. I glanced around. The
moon was no longer full, and it had its trademark shapes and shadows
barely visible from here on Earth. The stars were back in the sky, and
nothing was moving that shouldn’t have been moving. Also all the cars
had tires.

I risked a glance behind me, out my back window. For a brief moment, I
thought the lights there were the red eyes of the tree-spider-thing. But
it was just the flashing lights of a police cruiser. The nightmare was
seemingly over.

Let’s just say I wasn’t able to convince the kind officer that I wasn’t
on any kind of substance. He took me to lockup “for my well being” and
they ran some tox screens which would all come back negative. I spent a
few hours in a holding cell, contemplating everything and trying to
figure out who I should call. They released me at roughly two thirty in
the morning. Someone was there waiting for me. That someone almost gave
me a panic attack. The police escorted me into the main room, and I
seriously considered running back into prison when I saw Azathoth waving
at me. “Hi Angus!” She said cheerfully. I’m fairly certain I never told
her my name.

“Uh.” I replied.

“Your friend here says she’ll get you an Uber home. We’ll forward you
the address where your car was towed. Drive safe, sir.” The officer said
dismissively.

What could I do? I followed Azy outside.

She was on a phone, who’s make and model I’m pretty sure doesn’t exist,
apparently summoning an Uber for me. “Just so you know?” She said as I
approached. “I didn’t really have anything to do with that. When you say
‘screw you’ to one of the many anthropomorphic avatars of chaos, it gets
the attention of other things.”

“None of it was real. I had a psychotic break,” I insisted.

“I mean… that’s not untrue,” she replied, still not looking up. “A
friend of mine lives in mirrors. He was checking you out. You happened
to touch the mirror he was using and got partially pulled through to a
place where all reflective surfaces act as portals.”

“I… reflective surfaces?”

“Yup! You know, like the moon, or the paint on roads, or mirrors. You’re
really lucky you touched the mirror again and got yourself out. Or,
maybe, like you said, you’re just going a bit crazy, right?”

“How do you explain that tree-spider-emoji thing?”

She stopped what she was doing, furrowed her brow, and stared blankly at
me. “The what?”

“That thing that came from the trees!“

She stared at me with skepticism I can only describe as infuriating.
“‘Tree-spider-emoji thing?’ What the hell are you talking about?”

“It chased me!”

“I… I have no idea what that was. Maybe you are crazy.” Her eyes lit up.
“Or maybe it’s something new!”

I was beyond my limit. “What the fuck ever. Why are you here? How do you
know my name?”

“No idea. Maybe I felt bad. Maybe I’m a sadist. Maybe I’m flirting. I
just wanted to let you know, I don’t do grudges, or vengeance. I don’t
do anything on purpose. But I do everything. What did or didn’t happen
to you tonight had nothing to do with being mean to me before.”

“Mean? Lady, you claimed you hurt my sister on purpose!”

“Intentionally. But not on purpose. I don’t have purpose, silly. I just
am. Just like you.”

I didn’t really have an answer to that.

“You’re ride will be here soon. You’ll have to pay. I don’t do money.
See you later!” She walked away and turned down an alley. I have no idea
where she went after that. For all I know, she just vanished into the
air. Something about her words resonated with me. ‘I just am, just like
you.’

It made me feel weirdly good about things. What happened to my sister,
all the sadness and hate in the world, everything wrong with my life,
and the world around us, not much of it is anyone’s plan. Most of it
just is, and maybe that’s okay.

I contemplated all the way home, and almost forgot to tip the driver.
The next day, I’d decided whatever happened to me was some sort of
stress induced hallucination. Mirror portals would be insane. So I
called an Uber again to take me to pick up my car. And now, I’m not so
sure what is and isn’t crazy. When I finally reached my vehicle, I
couldn’t help but notice the scratches in my roof that definitely
weren’t there last night. I remembered the tree-spider. “Someone must
have done this last night while it was here,” I told myself. Then my
phone vibrated. I received a text from an unknown number. Just a series
of emojis.

“☹️🙂🙃😉 … 😡”

Chaos just is. You can’t really control everything. Even our laws of
physics theoretically are slaves to chaos. You might step off a curb and
fall into another dimension. But I really wish the randomness of the
universe would fuck off for a while.
