I (27M), believe I am changing, becoming something I am afraid of and I
don’t know what I am changing into… because no one tells me.

Let me explain from the beginning.

I have what’s considered an average life for my generation. Despite
having a good office job, I have to live with my parents because the
rent for houses around my workplace but my parents who have been loving
since I was born to them and supported me ever since, which I am
grateful for.

However, a few weeks ago, I started to realize some unusual behavior
from the people around me, For example, one Saturday morning, I went
downstairs as usual and my mother was cooking breakfast; the smell of
the pancakes was delicious, and my mom was carrying a plate of said
delicacy but…when my mother’s eyes locked with mine, her eyes widened
and the plate of pancakes fell in the wooden floor, a thing that only
happens when she sees the horror movies that me and dad loved watching.

I asked her “mom, what’s wrong?” but she quickly recomposed herself and
said to me that “I just thought I saw something.” which I just ignored,
I helped her clean and I gone the day as normal…some days later, the
oven broke and so me and my dad as the men of the family, we decided to
try fix it together.

My mother as still acting strange and uneasy, not looking me in the eye
much and trembling her hands when she gave me something like food or I
asked to borrow something, I was a bit worried but because dad who
didn’t come to the house much until late at night, so when we were
fixing the oven, I was going to ask him if he heard something from her
about the current behavior but then dad asked me “Have you gone to the
doctor?, there’s a bulge on your back.”, Surprised and a bit uneasy I
touched my back and upper neck…. there was nothing, no bulge, no scar,
not even a small wound, I said that I found nothing and he became
silent.

But…the culmination of all this happened today. My father started
insisting every day that I go to the hospital, saying something was
wrong with my body, that my back was grotesque, my arms, my face, my
legs, heck, everything.

To satisfy the old man and partially because I wanted to think I wasn’t
crazy, I did go to the local hospital after work, my body tense and
scared, I noticed people looked at me, looked at me harshly with fear
and disgust as gone through the corridors of the hospital.

Then, as I met the doctor, one look at me and he fell to the ground as
he started vomiting and asking the nurses to expel me , to never bring
me to his office ever again, screaming with his lungs out.

Now, I decided to hide myself in my room, I look at my mirror and I look
normal, the same height, the same amount of fat, the same amount of
anything but somehow…. everyone see me as grotesque individual, non
human and I don’t even know why or what I even look like to them.

Please I need some advice., Please….I don’t want to live like this
already.
