I know this will all sound crazy, but I can assure you that what I am
about to share is not some grief-fueled delusion. My cousin Sam died
mysteriously in his home and after no one heard from him for three days,
the call was made and the police conducted a welfare check. They said
the door was unlocked so they walked right in and found him lifeless in
his bed. It was concluded that he suffered cardiac arrest due to a night
of excessive drinking and overdosed on pain killers bought off the
street. Liquor bottles lay discarded and opiates laced with fentanyl
were strewn on his nightstand. 

This isn’t my cousin. He never once went too far. Ever since we were
kids I was always the troublemaker. He had no prior health conditions.
He lived an active lifestyle. He ate well. He was happy and did not have
a drug or drinking problem, either. A little beer here and there and on
weekends but nothing concerning. Period.

Stranger still, it was a closed casket funeral. Now, when I asked my
aunt and uncle about the autopsy, toxicology or why it was a closed
casket they gave me vague answers like, “It was him, alright.” and one
my aunt said that stuck out; “We just don’t want to see our boy’s face
in that casket.” with a visible shudder. 

I could understand that, I guess. I just couldn’t help but wonder if
there was a specific reason they weren’t telling anyone more details. I
wondered if his body was even in there at all. In my head, a closed
casket and someone passing from a heart attack didn’t seem to add up
when the two were put together. Didn’t they want to see his face one
last time in a way that has been historically carried out by families
all over the world for centuries? I tried my own inquiries with law
enforcement, I called the department, looking to get transferred and
speak to any medical examiners but I never got anywhere.

This immediately sounded alarms in my head. It was as if his death was
somehow being swept under the rug and his parents were ashamed of it.
Even my parents admitted that they felt it was a bit odd for them to do,
but that we should respect their grieving. We don’t have any children of
our own either and he was an only child so I would immediately assume my
aunt and uncle would be taking this more seriously. They were never mean
to him as a child or anything like that, so I felt like I was grieving
more than them. I felt helpless in response to their uncaring behavior..
The day after his funeral I spent the whole day crying my eyes out.
Anger, confusion and sorrow took over for the remainder of the night
into the morning. 

During that time, my mind was spinning a web of “what-ifs” and every
thought led to some horrible occurrence that caused his demise. I was
losing myself and could not rest until I got to the bottom of this. It
didn’t seem like a good idea to prod at his parents right now so I had
to seek other alternatives. 

Two days after his funeral I wanted to visit his home and see if there
was some indication of devious or questionable actions surrounding his
passing. The property was still going through probate and my family
wasn’t sure what to do with everything so I had a chance to act on this.
I was fairly certain that the property had authorities’ eyes on it but
not with any units surveying the area all night.

There just had to be other things that I could potentially find in the
home. That is, if anything wasn’t already taken by the family or as
evidence by police. 

I needed to find things like Calendars. Times. Locations. Perhaps a
journal with names of people I didn’t personally know or knew all that
well. Despite Sam being a person to stay out of harm’s way, maybe he
really was on drugs and we didn’t know any better. Things like that. I
had a spare key to his backdoor that not even his parents were aware of.
Thinking back, it may have been a good idea to inform someone about that
but at the time I was glad I didn’t. There was too much going on in my
head. 

Sam and I were very close, after all. My mom and his dad were brother
and sister and those two were inseparable as children and Sam and I were
all but attached to the hip in our youth. 

We went to the same elementary school. I was the one who nudged him to
ask his first girlfriend out in 8th grade. He was there when I got
caught skipping school and smoking weed for the first time. As adults,
we would spend weekends talking about life, shooting the shit and
sometimes popping beers back, eventually with me crashing on the couch
after a bonfire with guests. He was more of a brother than anything. My
best friend. 

So as I said, the death was too sudden and strange. He wasn’t depressed
from what I could gather and if he was, he did a damn good job at
keeping it together. It’s just that he didn’t really have any reason to
be so down in the dumps to that degree to do what he did. 

So, I wondered if he had gotten himself into some kind of trouble. Maybe
he was murdered. I’ve watched enough of “The Shield” and “The X-Files”
to believe that some cover up conspiracy may have been going on. Maybe
he actually died somewhere he shouldn’t have been and got involved with
some really bad people, like , someone in power wanted to take care of
the problem… 

It’s just that he would never in a million years get caught up in
anything like that. 

But the notions of something sinister kept playing in my head like some
morbid, catchy melody. 

I made my way into his home on a Thursday night from the backdoor. The
place looked the same as it did when I came by a little over a week
prior to all this. I looked at the fridge where he had pictures of
family and friends slid into magnet frames. There were scribblings on
pieces of paper hanging by fridge magnets as well. I was in a lot of
them. It was really hard to look at. 

But I noticed a picture that stuck out. It was a picture of him and a
couple he’s known for a few years that I remember would talk about urban
exploring. Stacey and Travis. 

I met them a few times but it was always when I was drinking or in
passing. Maybe one of them had some information. I didn’t know either of
their numbers since I wasn’t as close with them as he was. From what I
could gather, Sam had taken a liking to them and their stories they
always told.

That’s when I remembered Sam telling me he was actually going to go
urban exploring with them just a couple weeks prior to his death, or at
least, when the body was found. I don’t know why I didn’t make this
connection earlier but I did find it a bit odd that Sam actually agreed
to something like this. He was the type to stay out of harm’s way and
the idea of him entering private property was outlandish but at the
time. I guess I just figured he only wanted to dip his toes in some
treacherous waters for once in his life. Thinking back to the brief
discussion and when I told him to be careful, that’s just about how he
put it to me. 

“You know me, Jake. Always on the straight and narrow. I want to do this
man. I’ll be fine! I’ll have two good buddies to watch my back!” 

Was what he said to me over the phone. I just didn’t think it would be
the last time I’d ever hear him speak again.

I searched the rest of the house for a journal or something. His cell
phone was taken by the police so a journal was the next best thing. We
live in an era where everything is digitized but I know Sam to be fairly
old-school and would catch him writing in a journal. I’ve just never had
the opportunity to read any entries or even really hear what he wrote
about. Family or not, some things can be a bit too personal to share,
but this situation overrides all of that. 

It didn’t take long for me to find a few journals inside of his computer
desk drawer and I found enough information to give me exactly what I
needed. Only what I read really caught me off guard. I guess I didn’t
know my cousin as well as I thought I did because not only did I find
phone numbers of everyone he was close with, but I found addresses and
even spots he crossed off a list for urban exploration. What stuck out
was there were dates marked next to the locations.

See, Sam was a bit of, what some would consider, a shut-in. Not anything
close to being agoraphobic, he would go out somewhat frequently with me
but just typically liked to stay home and enjoyed the mundane. I would
also catch him jump at things or get freaked out by spiders, even in
adulthood. 

I had an internal struggle then. My cousin, actually being the
adventurous type? I tried to shake the idea from my mind that I was
overreacting, but it would seem that he has been lying about what he
does with his time to me and possibly the whole family. I was under the
impression that he’d never do any urbex or keep anything detailed like
this in a million years.

After mulling this all over and reading more of this journal, I learned
that the last spot he went to was the Morrison Farmhouse. 

An urban legend surrounds that farmhouse with a pretty terrible history.
Dating as far back to the 1800’s, a married couple named Patrick and
Audrey Morrison had that estate passed down to them through generations.
The family supplied markets in our town and even the food industry in
other states for over a century right up until the previous couple died
and passed the property on to their nineteen year old unmarried daughter
Sally in 2015. During the 1920’s, Sally’s great grandparents were
accused of conjuring spirits of the dead. But in the seventies, the
family had a falling out, Sally’s aunt was found guilty on all charges
of kidnapping children, imprisonment of said children and several other
felonies including the murder of her husband. There was no hiding this
from the public. It was all over the news and it was at this point where
their sales and business took a plunge.

The thing about Sally is that her parents were under the impression that
she would marry and keep the farm up and running. They couldn’t have
been more wrong. 

Sally had no interest in carrying out the Morrison legacy and had
apparently sold off some of the animals and farming equipment. But other
people got suspicious that Sally was actively killing the animals. Crops
withered as well. The scent of death and rot became a miasma that
covered the area like a blanket. Sally was, for a lack of a better term,
disconnected. 

The story goes that, like her aunt, she was into the occult and used
some of the animals as sacrifices for whatever dark art she was
practicing. This is all a rumor, of course. I thought it was kind of
ridiculous, the whole “witchcraft and spells” rumors anyway. I thought
the Morrison girl was obviously insane. But I was drawing connections as
to how this may or may not have something to do with all of this.

Obviously the authorities conducted several welfare checks. Only to find
the windows boarded up and whatever areas where animals would be housed
displayed either no life or a bloodstain where they once were. It gave
the police the creeps more than worry and most would report hearing
strange sounds from within the house or even as far as saying an
apparition would appear before they could even gain entry. Whether it
was from paranoia or some superstitious fear, nobody really knew what to
believe those officers said. But it made townsfolk during that time not
trust any word the reports would include. 

Then after so many years of no crime being reported or really anything
illegal occurring, people just kind of let the girl be and figured this
was Sally’s way of dealing with grief. Because the inheritance taxes
were still being reported and someone was paying the bills. Anything I
could dig up about this gave me surface information and nothing about
actual accounts mentioned. I could only guess it’s Sally but it was
almost as if a ghost was paying the fees. The entire property was
lifeless, save for Sally apparently remaining inside the property.
People all over would never see her come out of that house. After about
a decade, the place was eventually vandalized and then windows got
boarded up.

From then on it became somewhat of a landmark and another rumor sprung
up that Sally died there, in turn, haunting the property. Certain
realtors even claimed the property as some kind of off-record haunted
tourist attraction to raise the value of the area surrounding the
Morrison Estate. This kind of thing was what Stacey and Travis were
into. I would hear about all the places they would go when I would stay
at Sam’s on some beer by the bonfire nights. They would frequently bring
up the paranormal and the few guests that would be over tend to ask them
to explain in more detail. Like little campfire stories at parties and
almost every one would have some variation of a ghost or spirit
included. Even some with a strange town conspiracy that involved
whatever location they explored. I always thought it was bullshit to
make the subject more alluring so I would usually tune out but now I am
a little more skeptical on the matter. Just a little. But now, no matter
what went on, I was certain something bad must have happened at the
Morrison Farmhouse when they all went there. 

Do I think a ghost killed him? Not particularly. But those two were with
him and no one seemed to make this connection. Not even the police… or
maybe they knew and covered it all up. 

I suppose I should have pried on the matter a bit more when Sam and I
spoke over the phone about it all because he didn’t give me too much to
go on. I was also pulling up to a work building during a 16 hour shift
while I was on the phone with him. Trying to lock-in. He randomly called
me to let me know what he was doing and it was such a quick
conversation. Maybe he felt guilty but I didn’t even think to have him
pin me a location. I just trusted him when he said “it was all good” and
didn’t go into detail. He just said it was an old building. I figured
they were just going to some crumbling warehouse where he might scrape
his knee or something, not a supposed haunted house that the whole town
and neighboring cities feared. 

And that makes me wonder…

Now I had enough information to do what I needed and decided on calling
both Travis and Stacey tomorrow. Putting the journals back and my phone
in my pocket, I headed for the door then stopped before I locked the
place back up. I thought for a second about what I was doing. Was Sam
really lying about something that could have expedited his death? I felt
as if I was lingering there for too long but a huge part of me was
screaming to take these journals home. I just couldn’t believe that Sam
had this hidden part of him. Because now it seems like it got him into
some deep shit. A wave of panic washed over me and I shuddered at the
scenarios my mind conjured up. A car’s headlights shone through the
nearest window and the paranoia set in so I quickly got out of there,
pretending I was leaving my own home.

Once I made it inside my car and started it I noticed something in the
reflection of my rearview mirror. Off some distance away and on the same
street was a single parked car. Ford Taurus, recent model, I’m sure of
it. Sitting on the edge where pavement and someone’s front yard meet.
Facing me. It was parked just before you would turn on to a main road
and the lights were off. A stark contrast to the vehicles parked in
their respective driveways. Even in the dark of night, I could clearly
see two people were inside and the shape of their heads were
unmistakable. Faces shrouded in blackened mystery. 

I brushed it off for the first five or so minutes of my drive but I
couldn’t shake the feeling of eyes on me. With everything else on my
mind and how it was making me feel this just added to the list of
hypotheticals that began to grow. A pair of individuals that could
potentially have a hand in my cousin’s death slowly creeping in my mind
and behind me like a predator stalking more prey. I didn’t notice any
cars following me when I made it closer to my neighborhood, but the
implications caused a paranoia I have never experienced before.

So I’m sitting at my computer desk posting this. I tried to sleep but I
couldn’t close my eyes until I made sure all of my doors and windows
were locked more than once. Maybe I’m crazy after all… but it’s looking
like I’ll need doxylamine to fall asleep tonight.

I’ll update tomorrow.
