I’m reaching out because I don’t know where else to go. My (20M) brother
(28M) had always been a traveler, never the kind of person who was stuck
in one place. He would always come back home and tell me these crazy
stories from around the world. He always cared for me, we shared
everything. However, when I was 17, he just stopped coming home. My
parents and I tried everything; we called multiple times to everyone,
trying to know where he could be. We even contacted the authorities, but
we never knew of him again.

That was until 7 months ago. My parents had received a call from the
police. They had found my brother at the side of a nearby road, walking.
He was wearing baggy (probably stolen) clothes, and seemed to mumble
incoherently. Still, we were all surprised: my brother was completely
fine. I know that’s an odd thing to feel weird about, but we couldn’t
believe it; he had no injuries, he wasn’t malnourished, he wasn’t even
“3 years missing” dirty.

I know what I’m about to say sounds crazy, especially with how it all
started. I’m still not sure it’s not all in my head, but I can’t keep
pretending nothing is wrong. I think my brother is not my brother.

It all started with coffee. I know how that sounds, but let me explain.
When we finally could take my brother home, we assumed he was very
hungry so we decided to make a stop at our favorite restaurant. It all
felt very surreal; I was about to have dinner with my brother who I
hadn’t seen in 3 years, and he was acting like nothing had happened.
Something already felt off, but I decided not to ruin the moment and
just ignore it. At the restaurant, my brother had coffee. I know my
brother: as adventorous as he is, he can’t have coffee without at least
4 sugar packs. Yet he was there, drinking black coffee like he had
always liked it thay way. I know how it sounds; I thought about it for a
long time, “he’s been missing for 3 years, he’d probably eat roadkill” I
said to myself. Still, I couldn’t shake the feeling something was off.

At home things got worse. My parents left and my brother stayed home
with me. He played with my dog, Luna, all day. He kept calling her,
“Luna, baby, come here”, “Luna, give me your paw”. I couldn’t understand
why it felt weird when he called her. Then, I remembered we got Luna a
year ago. “How the hell does he know her name?” I thought. I explained
it to myself in many ways; maybe he could’ve heard me say it at some
point, maybe my parents told him about Luna.

He also remembers things in a weird way. He’ll talk about things that
happened and are real, but add details that aren’t real. Or look at
pictures and associate them with wrong memories. It’s gotten to a point
where I trick him on purpose just to see if he fucks up. Sometimes he
does, sometimes he doesn’t. I tried to explain it again with him being
missing. That was my excuse for every weird thing I noticed about him.
Did he forget my birthday? He went missing, he lost track of time. Did
his scar move to the other eye? He went missing, maybe I remember his
scar wrong.

Then the night incident happened. I woke up at night, wanting to get a
glass of water. I walked downstairs, and I saw him. He was standing
still, in complete silence, staring at a wall. When I asked him what he
was doing, he didn’t even look at me. He just said “listening”. I went
back to sleep, confused and scared. To this day, I don’t know what he
meant by that.

However, today was the last straw. We were having dinner, like we
usually do. He didn’t even do anything crazy. He just gave me a look. My
brother and I have shared many looks. They were like a second language
to us. It was like we didn’t need words; we just looked at each other
and the other one knew what he was trying to say. But I had never seen
that look in his face. It was like looking at a stranger who looked
exactly like my brother. In that moment I knew that whoever was sitting
there was not my brother.

I don’t know what to do. I feel like I’m going crazy. I’m the only one
who seems to notice something is wrong. What do I do? How can I know for
sure that he’s not my brother? Help me, please.
