[Part 1] [Part 2] [Part 3]

I fucked up.

I’m an idiot of the finest grade.

Let me take you back to the day after my last post.

I was on a work call with a client and my wifi was glitching so the
client pointed it out.

She’s an old client so she joked about it telling me how fast my
internet is.

I said earnestly, “I wish it was faster.”

And immediately the internet speeds went up faster than the new Corvette
does 0-60 and I basically had a panic attack on the client call.

Was it a genuine desire? Yes. Did I really need it? Maybe. Was it worth
the anxiety I’m in right now? Absolutely not.

Once I was off the call, I checked my phone to see a message from the
ISP saying something on the lines of “thanks for your annual payment,
your internet speed has been upgraded.”

I took the rest of the day off, and applied for WFH for the next two
days (that’s the max the company allows per month).

When you’re as stupid as I am, you’re not allowed to step out of the
house.

I reinstalled Farming Simulator 25 and played it for the rest of the
day. It’s oddly soothing and somehow addictive.

The next day went without a hitch. I was calmer and better prepared
mentally.

The day after that, on the other hand, was full of anxiety.

I kept thinking about how I would have to step out of the house to go to
the office the very next day and something bad would happen.

So, being the idiot I am, I silently wished that the WFH could be
extended.

And the house listened.

I got a notice from the HR that due to some contamination in the office
building, it would be closed until it’s fixed.

So now I’m collecting wishes (and unknown consequences) like they’re
rare Pokémon.

And my anxiety is through the roof, broken by a call from my sister.

She asked me if I’d be home that weekend and I said I had work.

I could hear the disappointment in her voice when she said she
understands.

She mentioned how our parents think I’m neglecting them because I
haven’t been home in weeks.

To top that off, I don’t call much either.

If they lived far from my place, I would be justified in not visiting as
often.

But they live a few hours away, almost as far as the streamer lives from
my place.

So yeah, not a good feeling.

We moved on to talking about other matters and ended the call on a good
note.

That said, I couldn’t shake off their disappointment from my mind.

I feel like the worst thing that could happen to me is someone being
disappointed in me.

And that feeling is worsened when it’s my own family.

I wished I wouldn’t hurt my family anymore.

I’m not sure if the house listened.

Sometimes I feel like it randomly picks wishes to make true.

Oh before I forget, and sorry if it’s random, since some of you
recommended I should move out of the house, I have started looking into
some options.

The neighborhood I’m in has quite a few options.

None in this building, sadly.

It would’ve been great if I could find something in this building
because it’s pretty close to the office.

That was before the WFH wish was granted.

Now I’m looking at options further away too.

Ideally somewhere closer to where my friends live.

They’ve been asking me to go out with them really aggressively now.

If it weren’t for the wishes, I would’ve said yes to this weekend.

But c’est la vie.

Anyway, that was yesterday.

Count of wishes granted (consequences pending): 2.

I hope it’s just my figurines this time.
