​

I’ve lived in this house my entire life, ever since my parents died and
I inherited it, they bought it just a few years before their death. It
was always a good place, I always keep it clean and tidy, I know every
nook and cranny of this place. Overall I’ve always considered this house
the same house I will die with, if in the case I will get a wife, she
will be here too… I don’t think that anymore…

It all started when I was going on about my usual cleaning in my room
and I noticed little weird, black spherical little things, i stupidly
dropped it off at r/mildlyinteresting, a few minutes later the comments
were swarmed saying theyre ‘rat droppings’… what the fuck. My ocd brain
turned on and I absolutely searched the entire place for rats,
thankfully (or not) I didnt see any of them so I just decided to sleep
in the guest room.

The next morning it was even worse, I found them in the hallway, in the
kitchen, in the bathrooms, the guest room i was sleeping in, i said
enough is enough and went to the store to buy traps, poison, all kinds
of anti rat stuff and put them all over my house.

This time, I stayed up, laying on my bed, phone in hand and waited…
hours and hours passed and I got tired of waiting and wanted to grab a
drink, the moment I put my feet into my crocs, I felt a sharp pain in my
ankle, my gaze went down to my leg and with what i could see using my
phone’s flashlight…rat bit me took a good chunk out of my ankle then it
bit me again it wanted to go up my leg I immediately thrashed trying to
kick it off, which eventually succeeded and ran the fuck out the kitchen
but then there I saw the kitchen light on for no reason…

Insane scratching noises, trembling, I looked and damn… about 45 of
those rats, everywhere, on the kitchen floors, cabinets open, them
filling them inside, their bodies moving around plates and a horrible
stench, I immediately got the urge to vomit and the scratching stopped
and all 45 rats looked at me. I dont know how else to describe their
eyes, they weren’t frightened, weren’t curious, they were watching me.

I ran the other way out the back door, grabbed an axe, yet I was still
scared to go inside. For the first time in 15 years, I was scared to go
inside my own house, then I gathered courage, called 2 different pest
control and the police for some reason but the dispatcher asked if i was
intoxicated, pest control, one said they dont have time this week and
another said I was insane and hung up.

Since then, I’ve not been in my house, I am even too scared to go inside
to get money for a hotel, im currently writing this at my cousin’s where
they tended to my wounds and I dont know what to do…
