My wife and I just moved into a three bed two bath house on the
outskirts of Darien with our daughter, Hannah. It’s a nice enough house.
Or so I thought at first. Then my daughter started to see something in
her closet. Now I’m not so sure if it’s the house or us it’s attracted
to. But there definitely is an it. Of course, I didn’t believe her at
first, but that was before last night. I tried telling the cops, but
they didn’t believe me. I’m hoping you will.

I should probably start by explaining our house sits on a marsh. Or
well, adjacent to one. We had to purchase a shitload of flood insurance
when we bought it, but my wife fell in love. What are you gonna do, am I
right? 

It’s a two story rambling plantation style house with heart pine floors
and three fireplaces with a wrap around two story porch overlooking
Sapelo Island. I knew it needed a lot of work, but my wife saw this show
on HGTV a while back, and had her heart set on a house just like this.
It took every bit of our savings and a great deal more than that in
loans and help from our parents to buy this place. What I’m saying is,
we’re stuck here for better or for worse. And here lately, it’s been a
hell of a lot closer to worse. 

It took three years for my wife and I to have Hannah. We called her our
miracle baby, because she was conceived from my wife’s unicornuate
uterus. Our doctor said it was a medical marvel that she was even
brought to term. Because of her high risk pregnancy, we had to do a
series of tests, which included a surprise. You see, Hannah was a twin.
We even gave her a name, Abigail and bought both of them matching baby
rattles with their initials on them. 

When my wife was eleven weeks along, she had a massive hemorrhage in bed
and I rushed her to the hospital. We didn’t learn until the next day
that Abigail had died that night. We later buried Abigail’s baby rattle
with her baby blanket and couldn’t speak her name after that night. We
spent over a week in the hospital and weren’t even sure if Hannah would
be able to survive in the other small section of my wife’s uterus and
absorb the remnants of her sister or if she would, in time, die as well.
Our doctor explained the risks, even if she was brought to term. Low
birth weight. Neurological risks like heightened chances of cerebral
palsy and brain injuries. Even Twin Embolization Syndrome where the
surviving twin’s organs can be damaged by absorbing poisonous material
from the deceased. We talked of abortion. We prayed. My wife stayed on
constant monitoring for weeks. 

When Hannah was born, she weighed only five pounds and came a full two
weeks early. But she was healthy. She had ten fingers and ten toes. She
responded to stimuli. She didn’t have any deficiencies. I’ve never known
that kind of joy as I did when I became a father that day. Especially
after we lost Abigail. Our miracle baby made the pain and the journey
worth it. 

Hannah started seeing things when she was three. At first, we passed it
off as just another one of those things kids do when they’re that age.
Staring behind you, looking up at nothing at all, laughing at something
in another room when no one was in there. Easily explainable. Nothing to
worry about. Then we started to notice other things. She would bring us
little trinkets. A locket with dirt inside. A gold ring we’d never seen
before. Even one time, a dead bird with its neck snapped. 

Looking back now, I realize something must have been going on even as
far back as that. I wish I could say we took it seriously when we could
have done something about it, but we didn’t. When she turned five, she
started having an imaginary friend named Mr. Bendy. She’d make sure
there was a place set for him at dinner, a spot on the couch for him for
movie nights, and even set aside birthday presents for him. We thought
it was adorable. Until it got weird. One night, she woke up screaming
saying that Mr. Bendy was hiding under her bed trying to scare her. I
asked her why he would be trying to scare her and she told me something
that made my blood run cold. She said that Mr. Bendy brought her dead
twin back and they wanted to play. When Hannah told him no, he said he’d
take her like he took Abigail. She screamed when his hand came up from
the underside of the bed and she saw red eyes in the dark. 

She slept with us the next three nights. 

We ended up taking her to a hypnotherapist to try and get rid of
Mr. Bendy. After two weeks of twice a week sessions, Hannah didn’t see
him anymore. In fact, she didn’t remember him at all. The visitors and
the halfway sideways glances and looks behind shoulders stopped. We took
a collective breath. 

Hannah grew up over the next couple years like any child, maybe a little
more sensitive than most, but she was healthy and happy. She wasn’t
afraid to sleep by herself anymore. She was making friends. I took a job
about six months ago with a shipping company near the coast and thought
a new chapter deserved a new, fresh start. 

The week we moved into the marsh house, Hannah turned eight. We were
starting work in the kitchen so we ended up getting pizza delivered and
had cake in the backyard with my parents who lived about an hour away.
Before we’d moved in, I’d spent a couple weeks in the house to work on
major issues like plumbing and getting at least two bedrooms ready with
a local contractor. Hannah’s room is at the top of the stairs and
immediately to the right. Other than the master, it had the most direct
and breathtaking view of the marsh and the island in the distance. Like
the master, Hannah’s room had a fairly large closet with plenty of
shelves for her clothes and a few toys. I’d gotten most of her things in
there by the time my wife and Hannah moved in. 

Except for the light in Hannah’s closet. For some reason, every bulb I
put in that room blew or cracked. The contractor said it must be a
faulty or old fixture or the wiring behind it was toast and overloading
the bulbs. I didn’t think much about it and just added it to my punch
list since everything else was ready to go. 

We spent our first couple days in the marsh house peacefully and I
really thought things were turning around. Hannah loved her room and the
view out of her window. She said something banged in her closet a couple
of times during the night, but when I checked in the morning one of her
toys had fallen from the top shelf onto the floor and I didn’t think
anything about it. 

The night of her birthday party was two nights ago. 

She hasn’t been able to sleep in that room at the top of the stairs
since then. She’d woken up and screamed like she did three years ago. 

Except when I walked in her room, she was sitting bolt upright and
pointing to her closet. 

At first I didn’t understand, but then I saw the door inch open a little
and something small rolled out from the darkness of the closet. 

It was a baby rattle covered in dirt with an A engraved on it.

After I got over my shock, I searched the closet and found no one.
Hannah said she heard someone talking in there and eyes peeking out from
the space between the doors. 

She won’t go in that room anymore. 

And I don’t want to either. 

It feels like I’m being watched in there. 

I called the police the next day, and explained what happened thinking
someone must have broken into our home and was toying with us. 

Of course, they didn’t believe me. No forced entry. No signs of
disturbance. Blah blah blah. 

But I know what I saw. And I know my daughter is terrified of that
room. 

I’ve been watching it from outside in the hall at night and I swear I
heard footsteps last night. When I woke up this morning, there were
dirty footprints all over her room. Like fresh dirt. From the marsh. The
funny thing is, they started next to her bed and ended in the closet
then stopped. Door was locked. Window was shut and bolted. I’m thinking
about putting a video camera in there, but I’m terrified of what I might
see.

I’m holding the rattle now as I type this. My wife thought I was playing
a sick joke and that I never buried it. But I did. Eight years ago. I
don’t know whether this house is haunted or we are.  

We can’t move. We have too much tied up in this house. 

If you’ve ever had experiences like this, please help me. 

I don’t know what to do. 
