I may never regret anything more than knocking on that door. Even though
it just happened yesterday it feels as though I’ve aged fifty years.

The house was nothing special, in fact it was borderline decrepit. The
yard was more weeds and dirt than it was grass and even though it was an
old 1960’s yellow brick ranch the brown paint trimming the windows and
shutters was sun-faded and flaking away.

I cleared my throat and cast a quick glance to the other side of the
street, where that dickhead Parker was getting ready to knock on the
door of a much nicer looking house. He looked back at me, held up four
fingers on one hand, declaring this would be his fourth sale for the day
and grinned, knowing I still had none. I showed him my single middle
finger and he turned back around to knock.

Admittedly, I was not great at selling roof inspections. Technically
they were free, but we got paid fifty bucks for every signup we managed
to secure for the roofing company. I spun around to knock on my own door
and felt my heart skip a beat when I saw it was already open.

Standing there in ill-fitting black trousers and a baggy button-up white
shirt was a liver-spotted fellow who looked to be a hundred years old.
His back was hunched and crooked like a question mark and his face was
skeletal, devoid of any fat at all. In one hand he shakily gripped a
weathered wooden cane and in the other he held the doorknob.

Although he was the least pleasant thing I’d looked at that day his eyes
were sharp and intelligent. He smacked his dry lips and smiled. His
teeth were long and yellow. “Well, I assume you didn’t stop by just to
flip the bird at the neighbor,” he said.

I cleared my throat and felt my cheeks flush. “Very sorry about that,
sir. My, uh, friend over there and I have kind of a competition going
and—Again, sorry. My name is Greg Mears, sir. Here’s my card.” I pulled
one of the cheap throwaways from the stack rubber banded in my pocket.
“And you must be…” I looked down at the company-issued tablet in my left
hand and found his name. “Mr. Dobson.”

“Emerick Dobson,” the man said, chuckling hoarsely. He pressed the
screen door open, fumbled with the cane and extended his trembling hand.
I shook it gently and even then it felt like I was going to break it.
Then he took the business card. “Good to meet you, son. What exactly is
it you’re here selling?”

He wasn’t a dick! I couldn’t believe my luck. This was going to be a
slam dunk.

I offered up my winningest smile.

“I’m glad you asked, sir. I’m with Super Duper Roofing and we’re walking
this beautiful neighborhood—your beautiful neighborhood—today, offering
free roof inspections to you and your neighbors for…”

He raised his hand and gave a snort. “Enough, son. No offense, but you
are not a born salesman and I am two steps from the grave so I don’t
have time for the spiel.”

My heart dropped, but then he continued.

“Why don’t you just tell me what your schedule is like, young man. This
roof is a shambles.”

My smile returned, though this time it was an honest one. “Well, I…” I
looked down to the tablet.

Again he raised a hand. “Hold it. Why don’t you step in here and bring
that contraption with you. I’m not all that steady just standing around
on my feet.”

“Yes sir!” I said, probably too excitedly. I couldn’t help it. I’d be
out of this old codger’s house in two minutes and rapping on the
neighbor’s door before Parker even knew what happened.

I followed him inside and was smacked in the face with the smell of
stale air. It was hot and thick and it caught me off guard. I choked for
a moment and cleared my throat. It smelled like old people, though to a
higher degree than anything I’d smelled before. I made a deal with my
body that I’d be in and out and I’d only have to adjust to it for a few
moments.

The decorations also took me by surprise. While the exterior looked
unkempt and the smell was almost rotten, the place was filled with
expensive looking antiques. Not cheesy Americana kind of antiques, but
hand-carved white statuettes on pedestals and tribal type masks that
looked like they’d come from faraway lands where men hid behind trees
waiting to shoot poison darts in your neck. There were all sorts of
other odd looking knickknacks, surrounded by the mirrored and dark
painted walls of a living room just inside the entryway.

I had to pry my gaze from what looked like a big cow skull mounted on
the wall beside me on a jet black piece of stone. It had gold caps on
the tips of its teeth.

“Western black rhino,” the old man said, creaking down into a plush
leather chair at the end of the living room. “Extinct. Quite a specimen,
isn’t it?”

I looked at the yellowed skull again. I don’t know what I’d have called
it, but definitely not beautiful. “Huh. Where’s the horn?”

Emerick chuckled. “Come, have a seat.”

“Well, sir. I really only need to get you plugged into the scheduler and
be on my way.” The odd collection of curiosities surrounding me left me
feeling unsettled and ready to get back out into the fresh open air,
even though the summer sun was scorching.

“Nonsense, son. Come and sit. I promise I don’t bite.”

Two minutes, I told myself. Two minutes and out the door.

I left the tile of the entry, walked a few feet across a thick Persian
rug and sat down in a twin chair across from him. The leather was plush
and enveloping, though the armchair was a little high. Probably how the
old man was able to get in and out of them so easily. I scrolled down
the screen.

“Mr. Dobson, sir. It looks like I can get you down for the 16th of July
if that would work for you?”

Emerick Dobson rested his cane against the arm of his chair and ran a
hand over the top of his bald head with a tremor.

“Are you a man of your word?” He asked.

“Of course, sir,” I said automatically.

He looked me over, scanning me deliberately with his pale blue eyes. 

I continued. “We at Super Duper Roofing…”

He put up a hand to pause me.

“Enough of that. I mean, are you truly a man of your word? A man that I
can depend on.”

The way his eyes were running over me made my hands feel clammy.
Physically, I could have thrown this old weirdo through a wall but
somehow his gaze reached down into my core, grabbed my spleen, and shook
it like a maraca.

“Yes,” I said dumbly.

He considered me for a few seconds more. Then he showed me his yellow
smile again, turned to the glass end table beside him and pushed a
couple ancient, dusty books aside. He struggled with it but he produced
a thick black book that looked like an antique diary but must have been
his own old school schedule.

His fingers shook as he flipped through the bound pages until he found
what he was looking for.  Then he plucked a thin blue box from behind
the pile of books, handling it almost reverently. He licked his lips and
pressed both the binder and the box toward me. I stood up to take them
from him. I squatted back on my chair and cocked my head.

I opened the box to reveal the wildest looking pen I’d ever seen. It was
made entirely of what looked like carved white stone. Tiny intricate
designs were cut into it, so small that they were hard to even
interpret. It looked like one of those fancy ceramic easter eggs you
used to see in old 80’s movies. What were those called? Chardonnay eggs
or something. It was extra cool because I’d never actually even held a
fountain pen before. It had a gold nib at the business end and looked
very expensive.

“Lovely piece of work, isn’t it? Carved from pure ivory.” Emerick
offered. “It was a gift to me from a tribal chieftain in Angola. I saved
his son from a wildebeest stampede.” 

“Yeah, it’s very cool,” I said. My mind drifted as I examined the thing.
“I’m sorry, sir. But, uh, what is all this for?”

“It’s a contract, son,” Emerick said seriously.

I turned my attention to the open notebook. The pages were crisp and
clean, unlined. The open page was filled from top to bottom with shaky
cursive writing. At the bottom there was a long black line, presumably
for a signature. I couldn’t make out a word of it. 

“I can’t read it.”

“It’s a guarantee that you will give me your very best,” Emerick said.

I looked at the thing once more and shifted uncomfortably in my chair.
“I’m sorry sir. No offense, but I can’t even read this so I don’t think
I should sign it.”

The old man leaned forward, deadly serious now. His blue eyes were cool
and steady.

“If you want the commission you’re going to sign it.” His lips were
taut, eyes unblinking.

I dropped my gaze and looked again at the hand-scrawled contract page.
Then I glanced at him again. Aside from his trembling hands I don’t
think he’d moved one bit.

I took the pen out of its little blue cardboard box. It was unexpectedly
light, like a feather between my fingers.

Screw it, I told myself.

I took the pen and scratched at the surface of the paper. Nothing
happened.

“You have to click it,” Emerick explained.

“Oh,” I said, stupidly. “Right.” Although I never knew you had to click
a fountain pen.

I pressed the rear end of the pen, which did not appear to have a
button, just more intricate carving. As my thumb made contact with it I
winced. The damn thing poked me. The tip of my thumb started to bleed
and I could not help but let it dribble on that pristine white surface
of the pen. Almost immediately the ruby smear was absorbed into the
instrument, as if it were not a porous device but rather a thirsty
animal. My thumb continued to bleed a bit and that too was swallowed by
the pen.

“What the hell?” I said.

“I’m afraid you’ll have to hurry up, son,” Emerick said. “All of a
sudden I’m not feeling quite myself.”

I looked up at the old man and saw him sitting at the edge of his seat.
Despite what he’d said he was watching my hands intently, not talking to
me as much as he was talking at me, waiting.

I wanted to leave. I wanted to go home. All of a sudden every nerve in
my body was screaming at me to pry my ass up and out of the chair and
run out the door as fast as I could.

“Sign it, boy.”

I looked again at the paper, feeling woozy now.

“I don’t want to,” I said, shaking my head to clear it. My thoughts were
muddled. It felt like I was under some kind of hypnosis.

I shook my head more violently and stabbed the pen into the surface of
the page in anger. I never intended to sign anything.

As soon as the pen touched the paper a couple things happened
simultaneously. First, dark red ink flowed onto the paper, blotting the
writing in the middle of the page at first. Then it swirled downward, as
if it had a mind of its own, criss-crossing  its way carefully between
the cursive letters and down to the flat black line. There the ink
twisted and turned until it became an unmistakable copy of my signature.
The moment that happened the tension in my body deflated like a balloon.
In fact, all the uncertainty and bewilderment drained from me like a
plug had been pulled. Finally, directly across from me came an audible
sigh.

I looked up and saw Emerick Dobson stop shaking. He placed a steady hand
on the edge of the chair, stood up confidently and spoke in a voice that
was at least one octave higher.

“Thank you kindly, my boy. I think you’d better be on your way now,
don’t you?”

A muscle twitched in my neck and I stood up. My knees creaked as I did
so and I groaned. A dense fog settled across my thoughts and I stumbled
toward the door.

“Uh, yeah. Thanks.”

“I look forward to working with you,” Emerick said firmly.

When the sunlight hit my face again I felt a little better, but when I
turned back I saw the door was once again closed. I dazedly scrolled
through the screen of the tablet, selected a random date and confirmed
it before continuing down the sidewalk. I was so tired.

The next hour passed in a blur. I knocked on a couple more doors before
meeting up with Parker at the end of the block where he decided I didn’t
look well enough to keep working the neighborhood. He wasn’t wrong. I
was exhausted so I didn’t put a fight. We piled into his car so he could
drop me off back at my apartment.

I don’t remember falling asleep but I did wake in the night around 2AM.
My body was stiff and sore, worse than I’d ever been even after a day of
digging post holes back when I’d been on a fencing crew. I pried myself
out of bed, took a few aspirin, and fell back into my bed.

When I woke up again it was mid-morning. The clock said I was three
hours late reporting for work and I had a bunch of missed texts and
voicemail messages from the Super Duper office.

I myself felt the exact opposite of Super Duper. I had never felt so
weak before in my life. I imagine this must have been what was like when
you’re getting your guts nuked by chemotherapy. I didn’t want to eat,
could barely even drag myself to the bathroom. When I looked in the
mirror I cried. The face that looked back at me was not one of a
thirty-two-year-old man. My hairline had receded four inches and what
little hair I had left was wispy and gray. My cheeks were sunken and
sallow and my eyes bulged unnaturally above my bony cheeks. Every corner
of my face skin was creased and deeply lined. My arm and chest muscles,
while never prominent, were withered and thin. And I ached everywhere.
My knees throbbed dully. My back actually hurt just above my hips and
along my neck, and I could barely flex my fingers without wincing. I
wept for what felt like an hour before I decided I ought to go to the
hospital.

I’d barely dragged my pants on when my phone began to ring. Fortunately
it was within reach of me at the end of my bed and I gripped it with a
palsied hand.

“Hello?”

“How do you do, young man? Feeling a little stiff today? I hope you
don’t mind my calling. I got your number off your card.” The voice was
undeniably Emerick Dobson’s, though all traces of warbling feebleness
were gone.

I screamed obscenities into the phone until my throat was hoarse. Tears
streamed down the deep lines in my cheeks.

“You did this! What did you do to me?”

“An agreement was made,” he responded shortly. “You guaranteed me you’d
give me your very best. I simply wanted to call and thank you for making
good on your end of the deal. It could not have come at a more opportune
time. I don’t want to keep you, though. I do suspect you’ll be needing
your rest now. Don’t worry. It’s almost over.”

Rage welled inside me and I screamed. I wanted to kill him. As
unbelievable as it was I knew exactly what he’d done and I wanted to end
him for it. But the rage slowly slipped away. I just didn’t have the
energy.

“Good day, young man. Thanks again.” And then there was a click as he
hung up.

I wanted to feel wrathful but all of a sudden I couldn’t remember why.
Had I eaten breakfast yet? My thoughts were slipping.

Yes, breakfast sounded good. But first, I needed a nap.
