It was around midnight, and I had to go run some errands, which is
strange, since I usually don’t have to run errands by that time, but I
have forgotten to run that day’s errand. I went in my car and started
driving, planning to go to my local 24/7 store, but as I’m driving down
the neighbourhood, I started feel as if I was being watched. I quickly
brushed it off since it is probably just my nerves, I tend to get pretty
nervous around midnight.

After a few minutes I arrived to the store, as I was getting out of my
car, I saw a figure of a man who was about 5’10 standing in the parking
lot, it was hard to see him in the dim light. I glanced at the man,
thinking that he was probably just standing there for some reason, since
people in my area tend to loiter. I quickly locked my car’s door and
walked into the store. I grabbed a cart and I walked through some aisles
to get my basic necessities, food, ingredients to make food, water,
paper towels..

As I was walking out of the aisle that I was in, to get to the self
checkouts, I saw that same man that I saw in the parking lot previously.
I was able to take a quick glance at him, he had dark brown shaggy hair
that almost black, pale skin, a black hoodie, dark jeans, and black
shoes. He had a mask covering his entire face, which was weird, but
whatever. I told myself that he was probably just shy and didn’t like
showing his face.

I walked out of the store with my groceries, and put them in the back
seat of my car. I got into my car and started driving home, there was
nobody else on the road, I was the only one. It was midnight, who else
would be up at this hour? I stopped at a stop light, and as I was
waiting for the light to turn green, I heard three faint taps on my back
windshield. I looked into my rear-view mirror, and I didn’t see anything
out of the ordinary, I felt a bit scared, but my mind went back to the
stop light that had just turned green. I continued to drive my way home,
thinking about the tapping I had just heard before. Once I was in my
neighbourhood, I heard the faint three taps on my back windshield again,
I proceeded to look into my rear-view mirror. I saw nothing. I thought
it was pretty weird, but I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary, so
it must be nothing.

A few minutes later I arrived at my house, I stepped out of my car and
grabbed my bags of groceries and locked my car doors. I grabbed the keys
to my house from my pocket and unlocked the door. And that’s when I
heard a faint whisper behind me, whispering, “You’ll regret being so
oblivious.” In a masculine voice.

That was the last thing I heard before I fainted. When I woke up, I was
on my couch, and the door to my house was still open. I checked the
clock, and it read ‘6 AM’. I got up to close the door, but the door
closed by itself, and suddenly, I heard noises coming from the basement.
