My friend (We’ll call him Joshua) and I had just finished high school
last Summer, and we wanted to take a weekend trip up the mountains with
a third friend, whom we’ll call Connor. We planned to go to Idyllwild,
CA, and since we were fresh out of high school, we couldn’t afford the
best Airbnb and had to settle for a smaller cabin that had 1 bed and 1
bath (like 220 sq feet). We arrive there after 10 pm, and as the
headlights of my car shine on the cabin, we see that it’s next to a
small house with the glass door entrance completely shattered, allowing
anybody to go in. Joshua thought this was super weird and said we should
explore the house if nothing changes by tomorrow morning. I reluctantly
agreed, as long as Connor was on call with us from right outside just in
case.

Well, the morning came, and we went outside to see the doors in the
exact same condition as it was last night. We could see clearly now
since the Sun was out, and we noticed there was also a shed located
about 50 feet from the house that we didn’t catch the night before. We
checked there first, but it was completely locked on all sides, and the
inside just wasn’t visible at all. Connor was still asleep, so Joshua
and I decided to go in on our own. We slowly entered through the broken
back door, and were immediately met with the kitchen, which had nasty
plates in the sink, and a picture of a couple. There were other kitchen
things as well of course, but nothing crazy that I remember. The food on
the plates was moldy, and all the food in the fridge had expired for at
least a year. It was hard to tell if anyone had even been living here.

We moved onto the living room, which had a chair that was reclined and a
coffee table with a singular coffee mug on it. There was a TV, another
couch, and lots & lots of pictures. We were interested at first with the
pictures. Most of them were of one couple, but some of them were of
seemingly unrelated people. And while everything in the house seemed
like it belonged to an elderly person, all the pictures were of a young
couple. I mean for crying out loud, what young couple still reads the
newspaper with their coffee? Which had been drunk by somebody since the
mug was empty, but it still had those brown stains from the remaining
bits of coffee. It was at this point that I had whispered to Joshua that
if there’s someone living here that we’d get arrested, but he insisted
that we keep looking and say that we weren’t sure if it was part of the
Airbnb.

We were then led to the only hallway this house had, which had two
doors. One on the left led to a bedroom and was cracked open, while the
one directly across from the hallway entrance was closed and blocked by
tons of cardboard boxes. Joshua peeked his eye into the bedroom in case
someone was there, but nope. The bed was made with no one in it, and we
could see the door to the bathroom wide open with no one in it. Him and
I were too afraid to look closer, though. It was at this point that we
decided to turn back, which was when we heard Connor’s voice from
outside say, “Yo guys, there’s a basement room too.” We thought that he
was still asleep, so this startled us to say the least.

We came outside and he pointed at the room. It seemed to be connected to
where the hallway was, and it was slightly lower than the rest of the
house. We went back inside and found the door at the end of the hallway
that led into the basement. My heart was racing at this point, I was
sure someone was living in the basement or that we’d find something
horrific back here. We had Connor on the phone, and I creaked open the
door to make Joshua go first. I followed right after & we found an old
carpet on the floor, another made bed with no one in it, and a tiny
bathroom with a sink and shower. That’s all I remember about it any way.
We walked into the bathroom to test the water of the house, which still
worked fine. We thought that meant that someone was still paying the
bills, but we didn’t check the electricity so that’s not confirmed.
After the basement, we decided that we’re being too nosy and someone
probably does live here, so we stopped our fake investigation and
enjoyed the rest of the trip.

We didn’t think much of the house until a few months ago when we checked
the listing again on Airbnb to find that they had taken it down. We got
pretty freaked out so I messaged the guy we rented from, and he became
pretty vague, telling us that the owner of the renting company thing
that posted it had taken it down. I believe they’re called New Spirit
Vacation Homes or something. So, I don’t know whose house that was and
why it was directly next to a cabin being rented out on Airbnb. There
was nothing on the Airbnb listing that even hinted at the house being
there, we just saw it ourselves in person. I have photo evidence of us
being there, maybe the house is in the background if yall would like
more details about this. Pretty crazy stuff man.
