06/00/2066

Hello. I want to start this off by saying I am in no way a danger to
myself or others. I am living a life of light and love, taking every
measure I can to help and build instead of destroy.

I’ve spent my life trying to discover what happened before the light
erased our past. Where did we come from? Well; I may have found a clue.
Below is a transcript from a recording I found dated 8/16/2026. I fear
the hell we live in may be a paradise compared to what we escaped. I
urge you to read this message with an open mind and to engage in
conversation so we can rebuild what our ancestors lost.

“Hello.
So I kinda wanted to just briefly talk about why rape culture is so
strong, why it’s so prevalent.
None of these are necessarily my original ideas; these are just my
interpretations of the greater collective knowledge in a way that I
think is more digestible to the masses that don’t really have time for
the deep digging that it takes to have an actual true understanding of
these concepts. But, you know, that’s what the point of the internet is
for, so people can break it down in simpler terms.
So people are no longer in tune with their sexuality because of
pornography and early exposure. It used to be through early exposure
just by, you know, more abusive means, but over time the powers that be
have realized that it can be more effective if you expose them in a way
that makes them feel like it’s their own discovery, so there’s less
trauma associated with it. it’s Pavlovian in nature. They seek the
dopamine response rather than true connection.
So it started off with pornography. Pornography, you know, started off
as an art form, then, the powers that be realized what it did when it
got into the hands of children. Children got exposed to it, and then
they went to act on it because monkey see, monkey do; that’s what
children do, that’s how they learn. That’s why you shouldn’t ever be mad
at a child for “fucking up,” because they don’t know what they’re doing.
That’s why it’s your role as a parent to guide them along the way, and
why we should continue that same perspective through adulthood and, you
know, offer that same compassion to our fellow human. But that’s another
conversation.

So; early exposure to pornography. Now, instead of naturally arriving at
these feelings through puberty, you kind of are exposed to it, and then
you try to emulate it. So now you’re kind of in a training process of
sexuality, you know? It’s not like, you were like thirteen, fourteen,
whatever age, and you just naturally felt like, “Oh… my body feels a
certain way when I see a certain thing, I want to do a certain thing to
make that feeling, I want to do a certain thing to alleviate that
feeling,” right?
So when you get them into this training process, it completely disrupts
the natural balance, and then you get them into more of a Pavlovian
training mindset where you can give them dopamine hits to train them to
do certain things.
That’s why sodomy is considered a sin. It’s not necessarily that it’s
morally reprehensible to have a certain kink, kink shaming is a whole
different conversation. It’s because it’s just a disruption of the
natural order of things. That’s all a sin is: just missing the mark.
It’s not a moral fuck-up; it’s just you’re missing the point. That’s all
it means.
So you cause this confusion and get them into a Pavlovian mindset. So
when it’s associated—so when it’s done through pornography, it’s not
seen as abusive; it’s seen as something that they want to do. And this
sexuality builds and persists. And that’s phase one, remember, ’cause
plans have phases. It’s not only just one conspiracy; there’s multiple
conspiracies to the grand conspiracy, so it’s not just that.
After that’s established, phase two is open, where you can enhance the
exposure and enhance power. You can then showcase power dynamics in that
context.
So now little boys, children, whatever, are getting exposed to
pornography with BDSM power dynamics, which is, you know, on the
surface, to adults who are of the responsible mindset, when it started,
it was just to show different ways of expressing sexuality, because
there is—it’s not to demonize these acts, ’cause remember, it’s not a
moral reprehensible—it’s not a moral failure; it’s just, you know, it’s
just you’re missing the point if you’re not seeing it with purity.
But so it starts to instill power dynamics to them through sexuality,
and then it’s monkey see, monkey do. So it’s like you see the stimuli,
you’re aroused, and you act on it, and how you act on it will emulate
what you see in pornography, and typically it’s very violent and
aggressive porn. So the male then grows up to believe that’s natural,
and if you’re a female exposed to it, you then start to see that as
natural.

So that’s how it kinda spirals, and then, you know, put that through
generations and generations, and now we’re at the point where every kid
gets a smartphone by the time they’re fucking—I don’t even know anymore.
I mean, little babies have iPads now, so they’re just accelerating that
process more and more. It causes more and more issues—just these
destabilizing homes, destabilizing relationships, dynamics between men
and women, causes more identity politics, causes more issues when it
comes to sexuality and then how that can be exploited, gender issues
become a part of the conversation. It’s just a whole shit show.
And the whole point of this is to keep us fighting amongst ourselves
instead of realizing that, wait, who are putting these power structures
in place? Oh, it’s the billionaires and the people in Silicon Valley who
are creating apps that are designed to work this way. It’s the people
who are advertising these things to children, knowing fully that they
are exposing them to pornography, rape, power structure, and just
honestly just depravity—depravity, all that shit.
And then nobody wants to talk about it ’cause it’s so fucking
uncomfortable to talk about, you know, as I’ve learned from experience.
Nobody wants to talk about that shit, but it needs to be talked about
’cause that’s what they’re banking on. They’re using trauma to keep us
still and silent, ’cause when you’re traumatized, you don’t wanna open
up about it. When you’re traumatized, you tend to just go with the
program. So they’re using trauma to weaponize us, and, you know,
exposing children to sex early on.
So it’s not necessarily that Jeffrey Epstein was a pedophile; it’s more
so that he saw the—I’m not even gonna, you know, explain. He was—he
was—that’s a word. The point is, it’s not about the sexual attraction;
it’s how they can use that to control the masses, because remember, to
affect a—you gotta start with the children. That’s why religion is
taught to children, that’s why school started with children, it’s why
it’s all started with children, instead of when you’re ready to join the
conversation and are intellectually honest and ready and emotionally
stable.
So, remember, I’m not suicidal. I actually am pretty in love with life.
I’m pretty in good cahoots with all my neighbors, my loved ones. I eat
healthy, I don’t do drugs, alcohol, you know, besides socially. I
garden. I’m very responsible with my life. I engage with the community.
So if anything were to happen to me, there isn’t nothing—no other
possibility besides I was killed, because remember, I’m in really good
health. I have really good balance around ledges, remember? I don’t—I
don’t really—I have a fear of heights, so I wouldn’t ever be near
heights. So remember these things if something were to happen to me.
I love you.
