If anyone has advice about whats happening to me, please let me know.

About four days ago I walk out onto my front porch, and I see what looks
like a wasp’s nest hanging from the roof.

It was quite small, about the size of a baseball. I didn’t know what to
do about it, so I just sprayed it with pesticides. It shuddered a little
bit, so I thought that solved It, so I left for work.

The next morning, I step out and it’s still there. I tried to take it
down, and when I touched it, it, like, shook and make this weird
groaning sound. Then I realized it was bigger than my hand now, it was
sticky too. I felt something move in there too.

It scared the shit out of me, and I panicked. I picked up a broom and
whacked it a couple times. Then it groaned again, but it was louder, and
it kind of *rumbled*? It sounded like a shriek.

I ran away at this point, got in my car and left. I didn’t want to deal
with that right now.

Yesterday, I stepped out, and it was ***Bigger***. Like really big. I
finally decided to call a professional, because I didn’t know what to
do. I told him about the nest and how it was growing and about the
groaning and the other weird shit, and he said:

“Sorry, I can’t do anything about that.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, that’s not a wasp’s nest.”

“What are you talking about,”it’s not a wasp’s nest’? it looks like a
wasp’s nest!”

“Well, It’s not, sorry man.”

And then he hangs up!

I had enough at this point, so I grab a hose and start spraying it, full
blast. It’s rumbling. I start whacking it with everything I have. I grab
a rake, but it doesn’t pierce the nest. It’s groaning and shaking more
now, and I just hitting it over and over and then it bursts.

I get covered in slime or something, and a bunch of bug-things come
falling out. They look like kinda like beetles, but they’re bigger, got
like 12 legs.

They start crawling on my skin, and keep trying to get *into my body,*
through my mouth and nose, and other holes. I try shaking them off and
pulling them out of my ears and nose, and just fucking sprint down the
street. I got most of them but I think one crawled into my ear. I don’t
know what it’s doing in there, but I feel it crawling around inside me.
I think it’s breeding, trying to make a nest. I feel it chewing on my
insides, laying eggs, building a nest. I think it’s turning me into a
Hive.

I feel like there in my Organs, crawling. I hear the groaning now,
coming from my body. Earlier, I saw one crawling under my skin. I felt
it burrow into my bones; it chewed one of my fingers off. I feel so
heavy, I feel like I’m about to burst, please, if anyone knows what’s
happening, please help me. I’m at a friends but I haven’t told him about
the bugs yet. I need to leave soon.
