I (31f), recently moved up to Seattle and I’m pretty sure I’ve been
sleepwalking again. I used to sleepwalk as a kid. There was almost 100%
certainty that I’d grown out of it. I haven’t had an episode for a long,
long time. Definitely before I even met my husband(James 30m) almost 10
years ago. He didn’t come with me to Seattle. We’re… taking some time
apart. 

That being said, I needed input since he’s not here there’s no one to
witness what is going on. So here I am.

At first I thought it was your run of the mill apartment stuff, but I
don’t really have much to compare it to. I’ve never lived alone before,
let alone found my own place. So it was a big surprise when this place
definitely wasn’t  what I thought it was–a steal. This place was pretty
cheap and came furnished. I was even excited about the “beautiful third
floor view”. 

The view in question just being the fire escape and neighboring
building. Big mistake not to tour the place before I agreed to give
James some space. I thought it would be a perfect place to wait through
our timeout. Instead it’s just some abandoned, smelly bachelor pad. 

Unsurprisingly, there’s weird electrical problems–the kitchen light
keeps going out. I was going to chalk it up to the storms we’ve been
getting, but it happens on clear nights too. Sometimes at night it just
doesn’t turn on. It doesn’t even flicker. Although, it’s not much of a
problem during the day. My guess is I’m somehow tampering with it in my
sleep.

I’ve been phoning Victor(28m), about it and the other problems around
this place. He keeps saying it’s about a fuse or a breaker or something.
I’ve just been trying to get him over here to help me with it. The least
he could do is stay the night- just to see if I’m actually sleepwalking.
He’d always told me if I’d ever come up to Seattle that he’d always be
around. Now I’m here and I guess being his brother’s wife doesn’t mean
anything to him. 

Anyway, the “breaker” doesn’t explain the shitty fridge that keeps
leaking. Again, it’s also the smell. It’s simply putrid. It was bad when
I first got here, but it’s only getting worse. I’ve been burning candles
and showering the apartment in room sprays. I’m just really not sure
what’s going on.

We’ve been getting hit with a lot of storms and that could be
exacerbating the situation. The leaking started around then. Not that it
looks like a new problem. The ceiling is patterned in old water stains.
The fridge has definitely seen some better days too. I’m pretty sure
that it’s been sitting there a while. After the first storm passed, goop
has just been seeping out from underneath it. I can’t determine if the
storm did this or if I did. 

I do have this horrible feeling that I’ve been interacting with it at
night. The evidence– whatever it is– is slathered all over my hands and
feet most mornings. They’re grimy, impossibly sticky and the smell has
me dry heaving. It’s a mix of the goop on the floor and something… else.
I’ve had to get up and shower immediately before investigating. 

Those mornings I’ve been finding silverware in the kitchen. I guess I’ve
been eating and leaving a fork, spoon, and knife in the sink. They’re
always sticky and smelly too. 

Like I said- I used to sleepwalk as a kid. I allegedly did some weird
things. Obviously somebody’s moving stuff around and it’s also,
obviously, me. Since that’s the case, I’ll just need help putting this
whole mess to bed– no pun intended. 

I was going to tell the landlord about the electrical issues, but I
didn’t. The silverware made me think it was a bad idea. I figured if I
was causing the damage in my sleep, I might have to pay for said damage.
I’ve just never had to worry about these kinds of things before. James
is a light sleeper, if he were here I wouldn’t be doing all this. He’d
always keep the place clean too, so again—I just wouldn’t have to be
worrying about it . 

I’m definitely missing his home cooked meals right about now too. I’ve
been having the Asian Fusion place across the street almost every night.
The food’s alright. Somehow this apartment is out of delivery range for
every other restaurant in the area. 

I know Victor has a good burger spot and a couple other places I’d
prefer near him. I’ve been trying to see if I could stay at his place
for a bit. It would be nice to get away from this nasty goop gunking the
floor, and the dishes, and the smell. I’ve been getting better at
managing the cleaning, but god, it’s so annoying and disgusting. 

I had previously been mopping the gunk in the morning, but it’s too
much. I stopped. Not that you can tell the difference. The stains and
deep gouges in the vinyl remain unbothered. 

It’s now being dealt with by a towel I wedged underneath the fridge. I
can’t imagine why, but I guess I’ve been moving that damn thing around
at night too. I usually find it in the middle of the kitchen, drowning
in the slime slinking around the uneven floor.

Strangely, a lot of my leftover containers have been disappearing from
the trash. I can’t find them anywhere. It’s just weird because none of
this makes sense. I don’t know, I guess I’m just not used to chores and
the stress is causing some sort of averse reaction. 

The dishes are especially tortuous. Mostly because I just can’t remember
using them. All I can hope is that I’m not getting up in the middle of
the night and eating styrofoam containers. I don’t… feel like I’ve been
eating styrofoam. Everything just points to me coming out here and
chowing down on things I shouldn’t be. 

I’ll likely be bunking with Vic this weekend and he’ll help me out, or
at least give me a couple bucks. Maybe he won’t need to, what James gave
me will probably last until he’s ready for me to come home. I’ll update
when I’ve had some time to clear my head.
UPDATE 1:
The silverware thing has really started to freak me out. I got up on
Saturday– Fed. Up. I didn’t end up getting a hold of Vic until later
that day. I had to be pretty persistent, but he answered by the
afternoon. I convinced him to come over and at least help me assess the
situation. 

About an hour before he got to mine– someone knocked. I fully expected
to see Victor, but it was just some guy. He was somehow more surprised
to see me than I was to see him. He asked about some other guy– his
friend, Isaac… or something? When I said he didn’t live here, he kept
peering around me to look inside the apartment. He started getting upset
claiming he could “see all his shit in there”. I managed to close the
door and told him to piss off.  

He kept saying,  “Isaac, I know you’re in there” and “Dude, seriously?
Whatever.” 

I heard him stomp off before I called the cops.

When Vic got there later, It was hard to get him inside the door. He
wouldn’t stop reiterating that he wasn’t staying. 

Obviously, that was fine because the plan was to go to his place anyway.
When I told him I needed to grab a few things but he was free to look
around he got loud with me. 

I don’t know what I said or did to upset him. I just gently reminded him
that James and I were having a misunderstanding. Sometimes you get lucky
enough to have a special connection with more than one person. There’s
nothing to be ashamed of. While James and I were working things out,
there’s no reason lil’ Vic and I couldn’t spend time together. 

He then said some rather unkind things to me. I got upset, obviously and
told him he was being an asshole. I still don’t understand why he acted
that way. I was clearly already going through a lot between that other
guy and this fucking place. 

When my “water-works” were “too much” for him he spewed some shit about
James. How he was “devastated” about what we did and how he didn’t want
to hurt his brother like that ever again. Suffice to say, Victor and I
didn’t spend the weekend together. He just stormed off and didn’t look
around or even help with anything! 

I never realized how much of a selfish prick he is. James never acted
like that. After Victor and that rando, I just really needed to hear
James’s voice. I needed to tell him how much I loved him. That I missed
him so much. I tried to call him a few times that night. I know he
missed me too. 

The first call was before I switched The Fridge Towel. It was really,
really gross. I gagged and coughed as I threw it away. I was hoping he’d
answer, want me back, and save me from myself.

I called again after I made sure all the silverware was clean, accounted
for, and nestled in their drawer. I checked the kitchen light around
then. The other lights after he didn’t answer. 

Before Victor had his episode, he’d said that I should check all the
lights and outlets. if there were other problems I could give the
landlord a call– If not, it could just be a localized issue (one I
could’ve caused). Everything else was fine, and so was the kitchen
light… for the time being. 

James had never missed this many calls from me. 

My fifth time trying him I was in the convenient store grabbing tape for
the drawer and extra bulbs. I made sure to buy additional offerings to
appease The Fridge as well. Obviously James had no idea what I was going
through here, or he wouldn’t be treating me like this. It doesn’t help
that I was clearly wrong about my connection with Vic. Now that I think
about it, we were both really drunk when we connected–so to speak. Maybe
that was what I thought I wanted at the time. I was wrong.

James has always been the one for me. If he’d just talk to me I could
make him understand. It’s him. It’s always been him.

After my twelfth call and third layer of tape he answered. His voice
startled me, immediately broke down after I heard it. He just listened
and only said I should be taking better care of myself. When I said if
he were here I wouldn’t have to– the line went dead. 

Later that night there was quite a storm that blew in. I didn’t sleep
well that night, not after that call with James. While the storm raged
I’d gotten up for a glass of water, but of course, it knocked the power
out. It felt like it was rampaging throughout my apartment— or maybe
just the kitchen. I tried the switch a few times, but nothing. No
flicker, not even a spark.

When I fumbled around for my phone, it wasn’t much help either.
Apparently, it didn’t catch enough of a charge and died at some point.
Afterwards, I just stumbled back to bed and rolled around till morning. 

I wanted to take the day slow, but had to shower after accidentally
rubbing the rotten stench in my eye. 

When I shuffled into the kitchen after, the tape was gone. Not peeled or
ripped off. It wasn’t cut or anything– just gone. I looked everywhere
for the damn tape. The roll too! It wasn’t just the tape I applied to
the drawer, but all of it!

 After fighting with myself, I decided that I did buy it and that I
wasn’t crazy. I checked inside other drawers, the cupboards, even the
stove. Nothing. The trash too– completely empty. All the left-over
containers were nowhere to be seen. 

Of course, the usual suspects were in their spot in the sink. There was
that godforsaken ooze too. It seeped and stretched towards me around its
latest victim. The towel, its green checkerboard pattern just ruined–
stinky, discolored and in the middle of the floor. I almost wept.

Like, what the fuck? 

I called my doctor back in San Fran. I have something scheduled a couple
weeks out. I’m just not sure what’s wrong with me. I don’t remember any
of my adolescent episodes being this frequent or problematic.

Thankfully, the outage didn’t hit the convenience store, so I returned
for two childlocks. One for my bedroom door, the other to keep the
drawer shut. I’d keep myself out of that kitchen, or at the very least
that damn drawer. 
UPDATE 2:
For anyone calling me a ‘stupid, man-eating, slut-bitch’, that’s
incredibly unkind. Also, you have no idea what being me is like. Grow
up. 

To minimize the amount of nightly episodes I’d been having, I decided to
cut down on sleeping. 
The last few days I hadn’t really slept much at all. 

One night, when the apartment was so dark I couldn’t tell If my eyes
were open or not, a noise erupted in the kitchen. It sounded like a wave
of metal crashing into the floor. I could’ve mistaken it for thunder,
but no storm raged outside. Just one inside, just outside my bedroom
door. I heard the skittering of metal across the vinyl and an awful
rumbling that reverberated through the floor.

Then nothing.

 Silence. 

No light. No power. No charge on my phone. 

I’d sat frozen for what felt like an eternity. I really, really, wished
that James were there. God, how I wished he were there to protect me. 

My heart nearly gave out as the darkness seemed to press in on me and I
heard the knob to my bedroom being turned. I was able suppress my yelp,
and tripped over myself to get to the window. I yanked and yanked,
begging it to grant me access to the fire escape. 

The twisting of the knob quickly escalated into ramming the door, and I
knew it wasn’t gonna hold for long. I could hear the childlock buckling
against the strain. 

The moment I shoved at the window so hard I thought I’d go through it–
it gave and whipped open. 

At the same time– the door whipped open slamming into the wall. 

No shoes, no jacket, no phone. 

I managed to dive out onto the fire escape. Rusty metal bit into my
feet, but I couldn’t afford to stop. I didn’t even spare a glance behind
me. My legs clumsily carried me over the brittle steps as I descended. 

Floor three, then two and finally I landed in the grimy alley next to
the apartment building. I could’ve collapsed, and I might have. I just
remember forcing my body in the direction of Victor’s place. 

The journey, long and short, hot and cold, was oddly enough– incredibly
forgettable. Victor was hesitant to let me in, but my desperate plea for
help had him stepping aside. He called the police shortly after. 

The rest of that day felt surreal. I spent most of it at the station,
where no one seemed very concerned. At first, anyway. At some point,
Detective Worrwick and I started seeing a lot more of each other. He’d
actually insisted I stay at the station for a while to indulge his
questions and “routine” checks. If I hadn’t known any better I’d have
thought I was some sort of suspect. 

When I asked him if I was, he’d confided, “At first, but you’ve been
cleared of any suspicion given the nature of the situation.” 

“Nature of the situation? My place was clearly broken into by some sort
of deranged criminal!” 

He’d only nodded slowly, and leafed through the file he’d had every time
we talked. 

“Right, and just to confirm–

“No, I’m not from here. Yes, I’d only been in that apartment for two
weeks. Yes, I thought I was sleepwalking and– Is that what this is
about? The fucking kitchen? I have an appointment to get myself
checked–”

“Yes, and I understand that. I’m just confirming you’ve never met the
previous tenant?”

“No, no I’ve never– wait! I never met him, but there was some guy that
came by looking for him! Do you think he’s some sort of criminal?”

“No, I do not. This other gentleman, did you get his name?” Worrwick
sighed and poised his pen to write it.

“What? No! I– listen! If this Isaac guy did this–

“He didn’t.” He sighed. “Now, you said you hadn’t gotten that other
man’s name?”

I ignored the question. ”How can you be so sure! If he lived there
before–!”
 
“He’s dead.” 

I, for some reason, was not ready to hear that. Worrwick closed the file
and laced his fingers together to sit atop it. He heaved a 

“Isaac has been missing for at least four and a half weeks. Dead likely
half that time. So, I don’t think he did this. I’m actually certain, as
he’d lack the capacity.”  

“What? If he’s missing… then how do you know he’s dead?” I could hardly
get the question out. The weight of his words, the situation– they
started to feel very, very heavy. 

“We found him. We found many things, actually.” He opened the file
again. “Now, you’ve been in the apartment for about two weeks, correct?”

I nodded. 

“And during that time, you were having sleep disturbances?”

I nodded again. 

“During those sleep disturbances, do you have any reason to believe you
were spending any time behind the fridge?”

My brows scrunched. “Behind… the fridge? What… what do you mean?”

He looked at me for a long minute. He blinked a few times before he dug
in the back of the file. 
He slid a photo across the table. 

Suffice to say, they’d found something–in a space behind the fridge.
What explained what was happening in the kitchen much better than any
‘sleep disturbance’ could.

Nothing could prepare me from what I’d seen. I genuinely can’t
comprehend that anyone would suspect me of the depravity I’d beheld in
the picture. 

At first, I could hardly make out the odd shaped little room. There were
no lights, save for the flash on the image. Carnage was all that was
illuminated. Blood and viscera covered the floor. Amidst the mess were
body parts and various containers. Something like a dog bed perched in
the far corner. 

Atop it, in pristine condition— a plate. When I looked closer I found it
was mine. I don’t need to tell you what three items sat next to it. 

I threw up. Worrwick didn’t move to offer me water. 

“What? You think I did this!?” 

“Of course not.” While he said it he only eyed me carefullly. 

“Then who did!?” It was hard to maintain any composure. Not after what
I’d just seen. 

“Thank you for your time. Enjoy the rest of your day.” 

The arrogant bastard. 

Victor filled James in, and he’d flown up. He’ll be here soon. 

Maybe this was just a bad dream. Maybe I’ll wake up to James gently
guiding me back to bed. I guess I’ll know for sure when I wake up. 
