I moved into my first apartment about three weeks ago on a Monday. It’s
a nice location downtown, decent rent, relatively new building. The
bathroom was clean but a little disappointing, just a sink, toilet, and
shower stall crammed together. There’s one of those little grate drains
in the shower and you can see into the pipe through it.

The first night I was there it seemed normal.

My hair is pretty long and dark. The strands are coarse and I have to
sort of collect them when I wash it so I don’t clog the plumbing.

The grate was doing a good job catching them before they could be
funneled down into the pipes. I figured I’d let it dry and pick it up in
the morning to toss. I went to bed and didn’t think much of it.

There was no hair in the morning.

It was certainly strange, but little enough for me to brush off. I used
a shower cap that day and didn’t notice anything else.

The next time I washed my hair, maybe a day or two later, I paid more
attention. I left the clump on top of the drain as I stood on my bathmat
to towel off, deciding I’d just scoop it up while it was wet and rinse
the slimy conditioner residue off my hands after.

When I reached down, it began to slip through the grate. Strand after
strand running through my fingers like the water was still on.

I chalked it up to sleep deprivation and the stress of moving. I told
myself I’d do something about it if it happened again.

The drain didn’t do anything out of the ordinary the next day. I pushed
it into the back of my mind and forgot about it.

Friday morning was different. I almost didn’t notice it.

The pipe below the drain seemed to stretch longer. Up until now, it had
been short enough to see where it curved and disappeared. I figured I
was probably just misremembering things. Who really pays that much
attention to a drain?

I didn’t wash my hair that night.

Saturday morning came, and when I checked, the pipes seemed to have
returned to their standard depth again. Something dark was resting at
the bottom, just before the curve. I looked a little closer.

A clump of my hair.

Lots of it.

Much more hair than I would have lost throughout the week. It looked
like a month’s worth of buildup. I stood up and shook my head. Maybe it
was from another tenant? I couldn’t see any pipes that would have
connected to mine beneath the drain.

I looked away and turned the shower on.

While I rinsed the foam from my hair, I couldn’t stop myself from
peering down again at the grate between my feet. Two strands coiled into
the pipe below, slipping right past the empty space before the curve
where the clump had been.

After I had gotten out and dried myself off, I sat and stared at it for
a long time. I watched the lingering water bead down it until the little
droplets lost their momentum and grew stagnant.

Today’s cluster of hair sat like a damp film over the metal. I reached
for it again, carefully this time like I was a huntress sneaking up on
my prey.

Something from beneath the grate began to pull it down through the
slats. It matched my pace, slow and deliberate until the last strand was
sucked down into the pipes.

I stood up and got dressed.

Checking the drain in the mornings was beginning to turn into a little
ritual of mine. The next few days followed the same cycle, all running
together in my memory now.

On Wednesday, I returned home from work to find another large clump of
hair. It still looked like mine, but it was sitting on top of the grate
now. I almost didn’t reach to pick it up, figuring I was supposed to
leave it there. The drain would eventually pull it back down.

The hair was definitely mine. It was damp and almost slimy as I scooped
it up, but I could feel how coarse it was when I rolled the strands
between my fingers. I started prodding through it with my free hand, and
when I found nothing unusual, I tossed it in the trash.

I was a little disappointed. I had almost started to enjoy our weird
little game.

Glancing back at the drain, I noticed the pipes were too long for me to
see the bottom now. I turned my phone flashlight on to see if I could
find the curve. The light just barely reached what I thought could be
the familiar bend, but I wasn’t sure.

I showered anyway, taking extra care to let any fallen strands swirl
down into the darkness without intervention.

The clumps were becoming commonplace by the weekend. The rules felt
familiar by now. Whatever was left for me was free for the taking, but
that was it.

They weren’t there every time I checked, or even every day, but it
happened enough that week for me to start expecting it.

On Friday morning, I was parsing through a clump again. There were a
couple blonde hairs twisted through, longer than mine.

Around lunchtime this past Sunday, I found another one. Nothing out of
the ordinary that time.

Washing my hair has always been a sort of chore. It’s thick and long
with an uneven curl pattern and requires a lot of time to avoid frizz.
Doing it naturally takes about forty-five minutes with all the products
and diffusing; blowouts are maybe an hour and a half. I don’t like to
straighten it.

I’ve stopped dreading it and started treating it as something almost
exciting. My heart jumps whenever I see the tangled mess over the drain
start to sink down, my hand hovering over it, fingers just barely
brushing the strands.

After we played on Monday, I worked up the courage to stare down into
it. I hadn’t looked into it after our games, too worried I might see
something staring back at me.

It was empty, that I was certain of, but the pipe was longer than it had
ever been before. The curve was somewhere deep down below, too far for
my flashlight to illuminate.

I noted the change but didn’t have much time to dwell on it; I had work
in an hour and needed to leave before traffic would effectively block me
in.

Tuesday night was different. I had scooped up the clump, crouching down
over the grate as I picked through it. There was something solid in it,
glinting in the light as I pulled it from the damp mess. An earring.
Small and silver, one of the baby hoops you wear to sleep when your
piercings are still fresh and you don’t want the holes to close. It
wasn’t mine, I think.

I washed my hair on Wednesday morning. I had been avoiding looking down
the drain since Monday, the lengths the pipes had reached were beginning
to unsettle me. I caught it out of the corner of my eye when I first got
in, the curve visible, exactly how it was supposed to be.

While I was rinsing out my shampoo, it looked dark and imposing.

After I stepped out and was beginning to dry myself, it was almost
normal again, curve just slightly out of view from my position. I went
about my business, getting ready for work so I had time to enjoy the
game.

When I first hunched down and inched my fingers closer, nothing
happened.

That’s okay, I thought, sometimes it takes a minute.

I began to toy with the strands now.

Still nothing.

I stood up. Maybe I’d try again after work.

It was still there when I got home, a thin brown film over the grate. I
picked it up with no resistance and frowned. I threw it away. The pipe
didn’t shift at all as I showered that night.

I found another clump today, one of the almost-mines. It’s strange to
admit, but I felt almost hurt by Wednesday. I didn’t pick it up. I
didn’t have to go into the office, Thursdays are my remote days.

I left for the morning to run some errands, and when I came back, the
hair was gone.

I spent all day frustrated at my desk, trying to figure out what I was
missing. The drain had seemed to follow some sort of rulebook up until
now.

Around nine or ten this evening, I broke. I got a screwdriver and one of
those cheap wire hangers the dry cleaners send you home with and got to
work.

The grate was easy enough to take off, only two screws that didn’t seem
to put up much of a fight.
I bent the wire hanger to use as a sort of hook. Short or not, I didn’t
want to wedge my fingers down the pipe.

The hanger worked well, pulling up a slimy tangle without resistance. I
set it aside and started pulling.
There was so much hair. Some of it was clearly mine, some of it was
someone else’s, but it wasn’t clear where each person ended and the
other began.

It quickly became an endless matted mess on my shower floor. There was
always something more, another clump wedged even deeper into the
plumbing, but there was never any reaction from within.

I kept pulling, but I started noticing something within the tangles that
I couldn’t hold onto for very long.

Not exactly a shape.

Not anything I could describe properly.

Just this looming feeling that it was already arranged somehow,
organized in a way I wasn’t meant to understand.

I kept almost recognizing how it was supposed to fit together, but every
time I thought I had figured it out it was like the thought slipped my
mind.

I stopped when I realized I couldn’t tell if I was still pulling it out
or putting it back anymore.

I’m not sure I should keep going.
