“Kathy, sweetie, you can’t be serious.”

I pulled the phone anyway from my face, not wanting my mother to hear
the groan that escaped from my mouth. I pinched the bridge of my nose
and shook my head before placing the device back up to my ear,
“Deadly.” 

“I’m only going to say this one time, Katherine,” she warned in that
stern motherly tone she loved to use on me. “Your house is not haunted.”

“It totally is, Grandma,” my thirteen year old son, Spencer, shouted
from the kitchen before padding away back to his room to devour the two
sandwiches he’d just made for himself. 

“See?!”

“He was joking, sweetheart.”

Rather annoyed, I twirled a lock of my greying blonde hair. “Meh.
Consensus is still out on that one, Ma. Anyway, I’m going to go. Gotta
finish unpacking my ‘totally not haunted’ house and all.”

“I’m sure you’re just overthinking things. You’ll see, dear. The place
will start to feel like home in no time. And you know… it’s still not
too late to give Dr. Branson a call.”

She could practically hear me roll my eyes on the other end of the line.

“I know things have been stressful lately with the divorce-“

“Goodbye, Mother,” I said in a monotone voice before abruptly ending the
call. 

A beat passed before I stood up from my seat on the couch and made my
way into the kitchen to clean up the mess Spencer had left behind. I
returned the loaf of bread to its rightful home in the breadbox, tossed
some sliced cheese wrappers in the trash, put the mayo back in the
fridge, and rinsed off the butter knife he had used. After drying the
utensil with a towel, I wandered for a bit trying to familiarize myself
with this kitchen’s layout and remember which drawer I had designated
for the silverware. I found it, eventually- even made a mental note that
it was the large drawer at the end of the marble countertop beside the
oven. In my old kitchen, it was the drawer next to the sink on the
right. Plus, we had granite countertops. 

Oh how I missed those countertops. 

Ding! A notification sounded from my back pocket, bringing me out of my
thoughts. I took out my phone to find my mother had sent me a text
message. The skin of my lips pressed together tightly to form a line as
a non-committal, “Hmm,” rumbled from deep within my throat. I read what
she sent. It was Dr. Branson’s number. “Just in case.”

A moment later that was followed up with another text that just
contained three ghost emoji’s.  

“What does she know anyway?” I grumbled to myself. It’s not like she was
the one living here. 

With a heavy sigh and palm-press to the forehead, I put my phone away.
No lies had been spoken earlier, there really were many moving boxes
still left to unpack despite my son and I moving in only a week ago. And
ever since our arrival at my lovely new home (a weathered early 70s
single story ranch) these strange occurrences keep happening- somehow
always delaying my progress each time. 

Take the kitchen for example. My drawers and cabinets have been
constantly rearranged no matter how many times I re-organize them.
Nothing seems to be where I put it. The utensils, my good china,
nothing. Every day it seems they end up in a new spot.

It got to the point where there was a piece of paper hanging off the
fridge with an extremely detailed layout of the kitchen with each
cabinet and drawer labeled with what went where- but even that didn’t
last long. It disappeared shortly after I put it up and now it’s nowhere
to be found. Believe me, I’ve looked. Eventually the frustration got
tiring, so finishing the kitchen kept getting put on the back burner so
I wouldn’t have to deal with it.

And, I know it’s cliche, but I’ve even come home to all the cabinets
open with my pots, pans, cups and other dishes spilled out all over the
place. It genuinely looked like a scene out of Paranormal Activity.

It couldn’t have been a break in. All the doors and windows were locked
shut and there were no signs of forced entry anywhere. Nothing seemed to
be stolen. Besides, who would break in just to make a mess of the
kitchen?

Spencer swore it was not him, and I’m half inclined to believe him. Yes,
children like him are more likely to lash out in their teenage years,
but he had been with me when I walked into that whole disaster. And I
know my son, he’s a good boy, he would never dare to do anything so
rash. Especially if it was intended towards me. 

Creak!

My head spun towards the sound that came from somewhere deep in the
house, eyes frantically scanning my surroundings. The house had been
still, so the sudden noise startled me. I had been in the middle of
positioning some old family photos on the mantle when I heard it. If I
had to guess, it had to have come from a floorboard somewhere near the
laundry room. 

The house wasn’t too big. It was a modest two bedroom two bath, under a
thousand feet in square footage with thin walls. Meaning you could
practically hear anything from anywhere. Despite the laundry room being
in the back, all sound was amplified since we didn’t have much
furniture. I had heard the noise loud and clear from the living room-
which was farther away and on the complete opposite side. 

I tensed for a moment waiting to hear another creak, or anything really,
but one never came.

“Spence?” I called out, thinking he could’ve just stepped out to put on
a quick load of laundry.

A muffled, “Yeah, Mom?” sounded through his closed bedroom door.

“N-never mind,” I told him, shaking my head and returning to my task.
Not hearing any other suspicious sounds, I shrugged and tried my best to
let it go. 

It could just be house noises, sure, but paired with the mysterious
knocks and random footsteps I’ve heard at all hours of the day,
something more preternatural seemed more likely. And again, I’ve
questioned Spencer about it. He’s just as stumped as me. We both hear
all kinds of things while the other isn’t around. There’s been a couple
times where I hear footsteps and think that Spencer has come back from
school early, only to discover there was nobody else in the house with
me at all. It’s genuinely disturbing. I can feel a chill creeping up my
spine just thinking about it again. 

That icy chill turned into mild annoyance when I went to start unpacking
the linen closet. In doing so, I had to pass the bathroom. The light had
been left on and even worse, the sink faucet was running at full force.
I turned both off then took a minute to mourn my next water and
electricity bill. Unfortunately, a point went to my mother for that
one. 

When I finished with the linen closet, I knocked briefly before entering
my child’s room. Spencer was in the middle of an intense battle in the
new video game his father had gotten him before we left.

“Yeah?” He asked, not taking his eyes off his computer screen.

“Make sure you turn the light off in the bathroom when you’re done using
it, please,” I politely reminded while plucking stray pieces of laundry
off his floor and into his hamper.

“Okay, sure I will,” he responded despondently. With that, I pressed the
power button on his computer, shutting his game off. That got a reaction
out of him. “Hey!”

“And the sink faucet.”  

He spun around in his chair to face me. “What are you talking about? I
did!” 

I scoffed, “Tell that to my water bill.”

“Mom, I turned it off,” he replied defensively, tossing his headset down
on the desk. “I swear it’s that same faucet, dude. It’s got to be a leak
or something because I keep going in there and it’s blasting on full
force and I have to turn it off. One of these days I’m going to walk in
and it’s going to be flooded.”

“So the faucet just, what,” I crossed my arms into my chest, shrugging,
“turned itself on?”

“Yes,” he answered earnestly with an exaggerated breath, slumping down
in his seat.

“Next you’re going to tell me that the ghost did it.”

“Mom-” he groaned.

“Fine,” I conceded, throwing my hands up in the air. “Just don’t let it
happen again, okay?”

“’Kay,” Spencer adjusted himself in his chair after turning his computer
back on and waited for the game to reboot. I ruffled his short onyx hair
and kissed him on the forehead before grabbing the empty plate next to
him on the desk. If I already had a ghost infestation, the last thing I
needed was an ant one too.

I closed his door behind me, coming face to face with my own room. I
paused for a moment, confused. I thought I had closed the door earlier.
Unlike the bathroom, the lights were off. The silhouette of stacked
boxes, my bed, and the nightstands looked eerie in the pitch black of
the room. I started to feel uneasy. 

Now, I can deal with the noises, the lights, the faucets, coming home to
find doors being open when they were closed before, and whatever the
fuck is going on in the kitchen. But, what I’m struggling with most and
what ties everything together is the nightmares. Or rather, *the*
nightmare. Oh my God, it’s the worst.

Ever since the move, I keep having this recurring dream. I’m laying on
my bed in the dark of my room. I can’t move or speak. There’s the shadow
of a man standing at the edge of my bed. A grown man, definitely not
Spencer. He doesn’t move or say anything. His overwhelming presence just
looms over me. Threateningly and intimidatingly. Then I wake up.

Simple, yet effectively terrifying.

As my mind lingered in the memories, the shadowy silhouettes started to
meld together the more I stared into the abyss. But, for a split second,
it looked like that same being was standing in the corner of my room. I
furiously blinked that thought away and hurriedly pulled the door
closed, all while briefly debating on sleeping on the couch. 

As much as I didn’t want it to- the shadow, the nightmare, it all just
felt so… real. I was creeping myself out and didn’t want to think about
any of this haunted stuff anymore, so I hurried to deposit the plate in
the sink and finish unpacking to distract myself. 

Suddenly, I paused, catching a glimpse of the counter as I entered the
kitchen. Like a puppy, my head tilted curiously. I squinted my eyes at
the peculiar sight. I could’ve sworn I cleaned that up.

Spencer’s sandwich stuff. It was all out again. The bread, cheese and
meat, everything. Perplexed, my gaze flickered to the dirty plate in my
hand to the counter over and over again. My shoulders slumped in defeat
as I set the plate down.

With an exhausted sigh, I went through the motions to clean up the
sandwich mess again. The loaf of bread went in the breadbox. The sliced
cheese wrappers went in the garbage, the mayo back in the fridge. 

And as I finished washing both the plate and butter knife, I couldn’t
help but mumble mockingly, “Yeah, Kathy, your house isn’t haunted.”

***

“I’ll be generous and give ’em three months.”

“I’m sorry?” I asked, pulling a headphone out of my ear. I’m assuming
the neighbors a couple doors down- a group of old women knitting on
their porch- hadn’t thought I could hear them as I passed by their yard
while on a jog. 

“I’m honestly surprised they made it a week,” a younger woman who looked
to be in her early to mid forties, like me, sneered, looking directly
down on me.

My mouth fell agape as I gawked at the sheer audacity, only able to
blink twice before an offended, “Excuse me?!” Slipped out of my mouth.

“Awww, we don’t mean nothing by it,” who I assume the leader of the
group tsked, waving it off. The woman set her ball of grey yarn down and
stood up, patting the wrinkles out of her pink floral dress and
adjusting her visor which was a similar shade to her hair (stark white)
before walking up to lean on the railing, introducing herself, “I’m
Maggie. This is my house.”

“Kathy,” I replied, curt, yet politely. 

Maggie pointed to the rude woman who had been sitting beside her. She
continued to knit, making what looked like to be a matching lavender
shawl for the dark purple dress she wore. As much as I hated to admit
it, the colors went nicely with her long dark brown hair and green eyes.
“That’s my daughter, Kendall.” After a rather harsh nudge from her
mother, Kendall shot me the fakest mean girl smile possible. 

I returned the favor. 

The two other women who sat across from Kendall shot me weary smiles
while waving nervously. Respectively, one wore a yellow dress with a
white striped design while the other wore a mint green dress with a
pleated bottom- which complimented her long white gloves. If I didn’t
know any better, I’d say they were dressed in their Sunday best, having
just gotten back from the local church service. “These two are my best
friends, Shandra and Claire. They live in the subdivision adjacent to
ours. The four of us meet out here every week after church to knit and
catch up.”

Bingo.

“Do you knit?” Claire asked, meekly.

I shook my head, replying flatly, “Nope.”

Shandra eyed me, clad in a pair of black leggings and matching sports
bra with white tennis shoes, up and down cautiously, “Do you go to
church?”

I shrugged, “Not much anymore. I used to go pretty regularly when I was
a kid though.”

“What denomination?” Maggie grilled, staring at me intently with her
cataract filled brown eyes.

“Catholic.” The group nodded collectively, making non committal noises
to each other, deeming the faith I was born into acceptable. “So what’s
wrong with my house, exactly?” I asked.

“There’s something just off about it,” Maggie answered cryptically.

“Don’t be afraid to tell her, mother,” Kendall chuckled under her
breath.

“Your house is haunted, dearie,” Shandra informed.

“An evil wickedness lives there,” Claire added.

I took a tentative step forward, eager to hear more but afraid to show
it, “Oh really? How so?”

The group of women proceed to take the next ten minutes taking turns and
explaining to me the lengthy history of the previous tenants- none of
which lived there long. Apparently one couple didn’t even last a whole
day, immediately packing their moving truck up not two hours after
getting everything unloaded. The longest someone managed to stay there
was a staggering six months in comparison. After becoming friendly with
Maggie and her family, previous occupants would come to her complaining
of weird happenings. Belongings being moved or going missing entirely,
electrical problems and cold spots that professionals couldn’t pinpoint
the origin of, disembodied voices, footsteps, shadows… pretty much
everything that had been happening to me- further confirming my
suspicions.

I was about to voice that to the crowd when the front screen door flung
open, an older gentleman carrying a tray full of bite sized sandwiches
and a porcelain tea pot coming out to join us. He smiled and handed the
refreshments to Maggie, who promptly kissed him on the cheek. The man
was clearly her husband. Despite the summer heat, he wore a plaid suit.
His hair was a similar shade to his wife’s, short and balding, eyes an
exact copy of Kendall’s. “Oh, hello there,” he greeted. “I’m Gerald.”

“Gerald honey, this is Kathy,” Maggie took the liberty of introducing
me. “She just moved into *that* house.”

“Ooh,” he paused, registering that information while taking a good
moment to look at my home down the street. “Brave girl, you are.”

Disguising my scoff as a chuckle, I said, “Thanks.”

“Would you like to stay for tea?” Maggie offered, kindly, after
refilling everyone else’s cups and plates- taking pity on me. 

I shook my head, declining. “Nah, maybe another time, I should get back
to my run. Nice to meet you all.”

“I-It was lovely meeting you Mrs. Bates!” Gerald yelled, eagerly waving
me off.  “See you soon!”

I waved back, smiling hesitantly, picking up my pace.

***

A deep, exhausted, groan bellowed from the depths of my throat as I
slammed the door to the fridge shut. I’d just gotten home after a long
day at work and the only thing I’d been looking forward to was a nice
and hot meal, but I couldn’t even have that.

“Spencer, this has got to stop,” I chastised him after he came into the
kitchen. “Groceries are expensive, you know.”

He scrunched his eyebrows, confused, “Mom, what are you talking about?”

“All the food you’ve been eating,” I reminded him, gesturing to the
family sized box of Cheese-Its in his hand, raising my voice. “C’mon
Spence, I get that you’re a growing boy, but this is too much. I just
stocked up last night and half the fridge is already gone!”

“It’s not me,” he swore up and down, defensively, setting the box down.

Frustration bubbled up in my gut as I stared at him, deadpan. “So you’re
lying to me now too? Unbelievable!” I pinched the bridge of my nose-
shaking my head disappointedly before throwing my hands in the air, “Who
else could it have been, Spencer? It’s just the two of us here and I’ve
been at work all day.”

He broke eye contact with me, digging his heels into the ground,
grumbling, “Maybe it’s your ghost stealing all our food.”

“Har, Har,” I fake laughed, rolling my eyes. Irritated beyond belief, I
told him, “I’m serious. Just please be more mindful about how much
you’re eating. This was supposed to last us two weeks.”

Deciding to end the conversation there, I turned around and took a deep
breath before opening the fridge to look for ingredients to make
something at least half edible for us to eat.

“M-mom…?” He asked softly.

I turned to face him, “Yes, son?” 

My heart sank when I saw the pale look on his face. He shoved his hands
into his hoodie pocket as he paused, staring down at the floor.

“I want to go to Dad’s.”

“It isn’t too late to change your mind,” I suggested to Spencer, who sat
beside me in the front passenger seat of my car, with a playful nudge as
we pulled into the designated hand off spot. It was the parking lot of a
McDonalds that was directly half way between mine and his fathers house.
“Why don’t I get you an ice cream cone and we can call it a day, huh?”

He didn’t say anything, just shifted in his seat so he was looking as
far out the window as possible, covering his mouth with the palm of his
hand. As soon as he spotted the silver mustang pulling up next to us, my
son dashed out of the car like he couldn’t get out, get away from me,
fast enough.

“Dad!” Spencer cried, running up to his father. The two of them embraced
in a tight hug, his father ruffling his hair. 

I’m not going to lie, a healthy amount of hurt and jealousy put my heart
through the wringer seeing that. That was my son, the baby boy that I
carried in my belly for nine months- gave birth to, and here he was
choosing his father over me.

“Robert,” I greeted, dryly- silently judging the red Aloha shirt, khaki
shorts, and sandals that he wore. He looked like a beach bum.

He acknowledged me with a smug nod, “Katherine.”

“Are you sure you don’t want to grab some food, Spence?” I asked again,
desperately pointing to the golden arches behind me, giving him one last
out. 
He shot me a look before stepping behind his father. “Leave the kid
alone,” Rob said, rubbing Spencer’s shoulder. “He needs some space.”

“Well, maybe if my place wasn’t so creepy he’d actually want to stay
with me,” I muttered under my breath, running a hand through my hair.

Rob hung his head down, dragging his hands down his face, “Oh my god,
Kathy, your house isn’t haunted! It’s probably just the foundation
settling or something.”

“Do not tell me what is happening in my house when you aren’t the one
living there, dealing with it everyday,” I yelled, stabbing my finger
into his chest. “Everybody loves telling me what’s wrong with my house.”

He sighed, exasperated, motioning his arms around me frantically, “You
always do this. Kathy, y-you get these fantastical ideas in your head
and you don’t let them go. Let it go. Just let it go!”

I huffed, crossing my hands into my chest, tilting my chin up, “We’ve
been there a month already and I still don’t know my way around the
kitchen.”

“You’re crazy.”

I gasped, clutching my chest, anger flaring through my veins. “I am not
crazy!”

“No,” Rob shifted his weight onto his other hip, scratching at his
temple, “you’re just unstable.”

“Stop!” Spencer cried, pleading, pulling at the sleeve of Rob’s shirt,
“Stop fighting, please.”

“Look what you did, Kathy. You’re freaking him out,” Rob shouted,
looking at me while pointing to our distraught son. 

“Me?!”

“Yes, you. Because everything is about you, Katherine. It always is.”

That wasn’t true and Rob knew it. I’ve always spent my life serving
others in lieu of myself. For eight years I served him and only him. The
last thirteen I’ve spent breaking my back working and raising Spencer
while trying to save our failing marriage. If I wasn’t taking care of
someone then who was I? What was my purpose?

I took a step back, my breaths growing shallow and rapid as a heavy fog
filled my lungs. My vision started to spin as dizziness set in. It took
me a moment to realize my cheeks were wet, slick with tears. The sound
of my sobs sounded far off and underwater as blood rushed through my
ears.

“See?” Rob gestured, rolling his eyes. “Instead of taking accountability
and addressing the problem, actually changing and fixing the problem,
you act like this. It’s pathetic.”

My heart skipped a beat when Spencer took a step forward and pushed his
father’s hands down, defending me. “Stop it, Dad!”

I lost my balance and fell to my knees. My son rushed to my side,
helping me up off the asphalt, giving me a hug similar to the one he’d
given his father minutes earlier. “If it makes you feel better, I’ll
stay with you for the rest of the week until it’s Dad’s turn, okay? Just
please, stop fighting,” he begged.

“Aw, my boy,” I sobbed into his hair, tenderly rubbing his back. “I’m
sorry, I’m so sorry we’re putting you through this,” I pulled away,
keeping my hands on his shoulders. “No, you should go with your father.
I’ll be okay by myself, I swear. Promise.”

“O-Okay…” Spencer hesitated, giving me another hug. He then stormed off
and took his seat in the mustang, slouching forward. He impatiently
honked the horn, yelling out the window, “Let’s go!”

“I’m coming,” Rob snapped, glaring at me while making his way over to
the vehicle he purchased while in the throes of a mid-life crisis. He
looked like a fool, crouching down and squishing himself to get in a car
that was too little for his tall frame. 

“Bye honey,” I called out to Spencer. “I love you!”

“Bye, Mom, I love you too,” he replied, pulling his phone out from his
back pocket.

“You’ve got a real talent for making people feel bad for you, you know
that, Kath?” Rob spat spitefully before closing the door and peeling out
of the parking lot. 

Leaving me all by myself.
