I don’t know—it’s gotta be me right? like sleep-painting or something? 

Either way—it started at the beginning of this week on Sunday night. I
had off Tuesday and Wednesday so i planned on painting in the coming
nights.

I found this canvas put out for trash a month ago that was about 3 ft by
5 ft. After some deliberation, I took it. it was my first canvas bigger
than 11” by 14”. I had it against the wall at the foot of my bed, blank
and looking at me for some time now. It’d taunt me as I fell asleep each
night—i had to start.

I finally put down some paint and worked on it into the early morning. I
use these things called pigment sticks—they’re basically just big
crayons made out of high quality pigment, linseed oil, and wax. They’re
about the thickness of 2 fingers so it takes time for me to cover a
large area. It’s worth it though for the texture. You can practically
sculpt onto the canvas with this stuff. i spent a while adding, fixing,
and taking away paint, but by 2 am, it was still unfinished. I liked
it—but it definitely wasn’t my best work… at least there was still room
to develop it into something better though.

So I snapped a photo, washed up and knocked out. 

when i woke up in the morning and looked at the painting—it wasn’t how i
remembered. there was something different.. some shifted color maybe?
something real, real subtle that I couldn’t put my finger on. The
thought caused my stomach to tense.

i got ready and walked to work. I work at a small retail store on my
street and I open and close it by myself most days. The owners sometimes
came in but they usually trust me to do everything without them. I felt
lethargic but I threw my stuff in my locker, set up and sat behind the
register—I could tell it was going to be a slow day. my attention
drifted as clouds coalesced, darkening the morning. I turned to my phone
and played a few games of chess. one game, i started losing so badly I
got distracted and thought about the painting. I was trying to pinpoint
that weird feeling i had looking at it this morning. I resigned the game
and opened the picture i took of it last night.

the picture didn’t give me that feeling i got when looking at it in the
morning. this started to worry me—I know that the picture was the last
thing i did before going to bed, so if something changed in the painting
after this photo…

“Hello!?” 

a customer interrupted me, shoving a candle over the counter. 

“Can I buy this or am I interrupting you?”

That brought me out of those thoughts and i noticed it was raining.  

I forced a smile.

“of course! Sorry about that ma’am.”

it was still raining when i clocked out so I hung out in the store for a
bit and checked the weather; It was supposed to let up soon. I looked at
the picture again and laughed at myself.

i told myself—You’re just being dramatic.

I got back to my apartment and looked at the painting hoping it’d just
be like the picture, but I got that suspicion again, right in the pit of
my gut.

I looked at it—closely. i couldn’t really make up my mind if i was
imagining it or not. I took another picture and sat at the head of my
bed turned slightly away from the painting. I couldn’t bring myself to
look at it straight on, i was getting worried i was losing it. Comparing
the new pic to the one I took last night, I couldn’t even figure out
what changed….

https://imgur.com/gallery/Ab5CODF

i was studying them for a while but i eventually got up and grabbed my
paints. Maybe—i thought—it was a sign to get working.

I woke up in the middle of that night to some noise, like a wet thump. I
didn’t remember getting into bed or falling asleep. I just laid there
with my eyes open looking at the ceiling… listening. It was silent.

all I could make out was that ambient sound quiet rooms have in the
night, that almost Imperceivable low hum with some wooden creeks mixed
in. All normal. 

I heard the clicking thud of my window unit activate and the mechanism
whirring up, then water trickling through and I felt a cool breeze start
to creep over my room.

through the sounds of my AC bringing down the temp, I heard it again. a
wet thud—a single noise, no follow up of something bouncing and settling
or rolling around—just one single ~thoop~

I sat up fast and aimed my head towards the noise. in the dim light of
my clock, I saw nothing out of place—and no intruders… 

I looked around but my clock left the corners of my room in shadow.
Something about one of the corners alerted me. Was that where the noise
came from or did it just catch my attention apart from what woke me? i
can’t remember, but something in me, some primal instinct deep down
didn’t let me turn away, as if my whole body locked and tensed. My heart
started to race as i stared. the darkness just stood there in the
corner, silent and empty. I reached for my phone and shined the
flashlight at it. It was just the corner of my room like always—but the
way the darkness disappeared… the light didn’t immediately illuminate
the corner, it was—delayed? almost as if something quickly stepped
aside, but it was… nothing? right? I found nothing in my room when I
turned the lights on. I explained it away with tiredness. 

After doing a sweep of my room I found what made the noises, 2 of my
pigment sticks were stuck to the floor, the paint bursting from the
wrapper and blooming out from the cylinder like a flower. usually if
they’d roll off my table, they would hit the ground and keep shape, but
these looked like someone either threw them at the ground or they fell
off the ceiling… then I looked up.

finger prints… they were really faint and all over the area right above
my canvas, frantic and messy, like the finger prints of someone feeling
around for a door that didn’t exist.

I looked back at the 2 sticks on the floor and felt my stomach tighten.
I pulled my chair over and stood on it to reach. I went to touch them
but my finger retreated, i hesitated and almost lost my balance. I
looked around my room to double check i was alone then turned my
attention back to the ceiling.

I stood there on the chair looking at the prints. something was familiar
about them, as if they were mine? I should’ve really done something, but
I just grabbed windex, a paper towel and wipped them away. it felt like
i was on auto pilot—a compulsion—something about thinking they were mine
flipped a switch in me and i just instinctively felt the need to clean
it up, as if I fumbled a bottle of soda and I needed to clean it before
the floor got sticky. If i could go back, i’d at least take a picture…

I went to turn off the light when I looked at the painting one final
time. I couldn’t keep doing this to myself, I suspected that I was
forcing this thought into my head and with the finger prints cleaned up,
at that moment, I was wondering if I even saw them.

I flipped off the lights.

Then the morning came like a jarring cut in a movie. I blinked my eyes
in the light—I was sitting with my legs crossed staring at the painting.
i scrambled to my feet and backed away as if it were an animal showing
its teeth. I stood there in the presence of it. my heart started to beat
fast and faster and the only thought in my head was “run.”

i stumbled past the painting out of my room and crashed into the
bathroom.

My reflection horrified me. I was covered in paint—my shirt, hands, and
face were caked in it as if i were hugging and rubbing my body on the
canvas. i looked down and saw that my feet left brownish red footprints
into the bathroom. I cracked the door and checked the hallway and they
lead back to my room. I closed the door and looked at myself in the
mirror again. I started to feel sick. 

I took everything off and hopped in the shower. I cleaned myself so
furiously that i left my skin red from scrubbing—then I’d scrub it more
thinking it was paint. i dried off and looked at the floor, foot prints
everywhere and my clothes were covered.. i walked out of the bathroom,
careful to avoid my foot prints, and looked down the hall towards my
room. I turned the other way and went into the kitchen to get paper
towels and cleaning supplies. I still felt sick—i had to clean
everything.

I spent almost an hour scrubbing away the foot prints and putting my
clothes in a garbage bag—not worth cleaning. then i came to the doorway
of my room. it felt hostile, a place I wasn’t allowed. i peaked around
the door to look at the painting again… my stomach gurgled.

it was finished… but… did I—paint this?

i took a picture.

https://imgur.com/gallery/vQkcs0a

all i could do was look at it. i felt like i was gonna vomit. It was
everything I’ve ever tried to paint. All my influences in one piece.
emotional, coherent, colorful, complex… everything I’ve never been able
to accomplish… and i cant even say for sure that it was me that painted
it. i mean—it had to be… i think it was me.

then my attention shifted to the floor. my pigment sticks were strewn
about and the majority of them were almost completely gone. Just a bunch
of nubs and crumbles of paint. made sense from how the painting looks.
but then one caught my eye. i picked it up to inspect it closer.

i dropped it and ran to the bathroom. i threw up—violently. it came in
wretched waves that heaved my body into the toilet with each expulsion.
it just kept coming, more and more liquid left my body.

it was paint.

the pigment stick i found had clean bite marks in it. I was eating them.
I threw up nonstop for an hour. the toilet was overflowing but it kept
coming up. 

I feel it hot and climbing up my throat again. I feel weak and deflated.
my throat is on fire…

I fear i may throw up everything inside me. 

Im typing this in hopes that it gets someone’s attention. make sure this
painting is seen—if its my last work—someone better see it.
