I woke up this morning some time after nine. A feeling of terror fading
away. I was losing grasp on the memory of whatever nightmare I was
having. The air was still, almost too still. I wasn’t particularly warm,
but the silence was making me uncomfortable. I looked at the fan facing
my bed and turned it on.

Light spilled over the top and around the sides of the curtains hanging
over the window. I sat up and took a look around the room. A desk stood
to my left holding up two computer monitors. A dresser to my right with
a TV. There was a hamper filled with clothes to the left of the dresser
alongside that, a trash can.

I stood up and walked over to the Window. I opened the curtains to see
that it was barely dawn, the sun hadn’t even risen over the horizon yet.
This was rather odd, being that it was already a quarter past nine.

I crossed to the other side of the room and opened the door. A hallway
stretched out to my left, a wall to my right, and another door directly
in front of me. I exited through the hallway into a large room to my
left adjacent to a kitchen to my right with only a bar and stools
separating the two. There are two couches, a TV, and a coffee table.

Now that I put some distance between myself and the fan, it was quiet
again. When I say quiet, I mean completely silent apart from the dull
hum of the fan in the other room.

I make my way into the kitchen and open the fridge. Nothing substantial
to eat stands out. Mostly condiments, an almost empty jug of milk, some
vegetables nearing expiration, and some cartons of take-out that look
pretty old. I’m not really hungry though, so this isn’t a big deal.

I sit down on one of the couches, pick up a remote from the coffee
table, and flip on the TV. Nothing but static. I turn it off again and
just sit there. I sit there for quite some time staring at the black
screen. I catch the reflection of myself and get an idea.

I stand up and walk back into the hallway that led to the room I woke up
in. About halfway down, on my left is the doorway into the bathroom. I
walk in and look into the mirror. I still feel nothing. I don’t
recognize the person looking back at me. It’s been long enough for me to
fully wake up, but I still can’t remember who I am. I still can’t
remember where I am.

This house seems to have four bedrooms, but I am the only one here.
There are no pictures on the walls, no pictures on desks or dressers, no
pictures anywhere. There are absolutely no hints as to my identity, or
the identity of the people who live here.

I make my way back to the room with the couches and TV, and open up the
door to the front yard. It’s just as quiet outside as it is inside. You
would think birds would be squawking their beaks off at this time of
day.

Speaking of the time of day, a substantial amount of time has now passed
since I first looked out the window, and the sun hasn’t started peaking
over the horizon yet. There aren’t even any colors in the sky that you
would normally associate with a sunrise.

I stepped out and walked down the driveway to the sidewalk. The air is
absolutely still, no breeze whatsoever. I turn to my left and start
walking along the side of the road. I come to a corner and follow the
curve to my left. I pass several houses, all quiet. I make my way to the
end where the road opens up to a much larger road running perpendicular
to it. I can see storefronts along this road on either side. There are
cars parked in parking lots, but no cars driving around.

I turn to my right and make my way along the road to a gas station.
There are a couple cars parked at the pumps, but no one to be seen. I go
into the gas station to find it completely empty. No customers in the
isles, and no employees behind the counter.

This is the only building with unlocked doors aside from the other gas
station across the street. I tried all the different store fronts, from
the Indian restaurant, to the smoke shop, to the liquor store, all doors
locked.

It was around this point that I noticed that it was no longer completely
silent. There was now a very low rumble in the distance. I believe it
was coming from the east.

I’m about to make my way back to the house I woke up in when I look down
to see that I never put on shoes. I was completely barefoot out on the
sidewalks of this town. It didn’t bother me though. I never noticed any
sharp objects that I stepped on. In fact, I could hardly even feel the
concrete beneath me.

Once I got back to the house, I noticed that the low rumble to the east
had gotten significantly louder. Almost as if whatever was causing that
sound was getting closer. I looked in that very direction and saw that
the sun still hadn’t made an appearance.

I was out of ideas, so I just went back into the room where I started my
day and lied down on the bed. I thought if I were to fall back asleep,
my brain would reset and I would remember everything. Alas, no sleep
would come.

I turned my head and saw the computer. I didn’t have much hope of
accomplishing anything, but decided to start it up anyway. I got out of
the bed, sat on the chair, and pressed the power button. It fired up
just fine, it even connected to the internet, which really surprised me.

There was only one tab open. Even if this computer did belong to me,
there were no clues as to my identity. I opened more tabs and tried
browsing the internet, but something was off. It’s like every website
was paused. There were no new posts after six am. If I tried to play a
video, it would immediately freeze on the very first frame.

The rumbling is now so much louder. It’s not even a rumble anymore. It
sounds like a demolition crew with extremely heavy equipment making
their way west, demolishing everything in their path.

I can see something on the horizon now. It looks like a dust storm. I
could feel the ground shaking beneath me. They’re moving fast, and
closing the gap very quickly.

This is my last ditch effort. If you see this post, please let me know
if you recognize my username. Tell me anything you know about me.
However, I have a bad feeling that if this post is seen by anybody, it
will have been too late. If the person behind this username goes
missing, maybe this post will help people understand what happened, even
if just a little bit.

I’ve been sitting here thinking if there’s anything else to add before
pressing submit. If this was an audio recording I would be screaming
over the noise right now. The sounds of destruction are overbearing. A
full on earthquake has overtaken the entire town. I’m too afraid to go
outside and take a good look at what is coming. I know that it’s
inevitable at this point, but as far as I know, it’s not real until I
look at it.

Buildings a few blocks east of me have begun crumbling due to the
earthquake. Whatever is coming is upon me now. It’s time for me to
accept it and press submit. I don’t know who you are, I don’t know who I
am. I don’t know what’s happening. I hope it’s not too painful.

Goodbye
