 

Penny Aramor looked back at me from over her shoulder. She was making
sure I was still behind her. She was being shoved around by the rest of
the tour group, and when a man, the shape of a hamburger, pushed into
her I glared at him and his family. Penny, gasped and made a little
squeak of surprise, but she quickly flashed a smile when she noticed the
fat man’s intrusion of her space was clearly an accident. I still wanted
to can his head in. I think Penny noticed as she tugged on my shirt
playfully.
” Nu-uh. ” She said quietly.
I obeyed and continued wandering behind Penny as we traveled down the
warmly dim lighting of the museum. The tour guide, a middle-aged gaunt
man walked stiffly ahead of us, and he talked mostly about the popular
exhibits, barely glancing at the others. When he wasn’t speaking about
the exhibits, he spoke of the building, now called the Museum Of
Forgotten History. It was true that lots of history was often forgotten.
The very purpose of a museum was to remind people of the past, let them
reflect. But this building, which had used to be a schoolhouse in the
eighteen-hundreds now housed the strange and unusual side of history.
Forgotten relics and odd works of art. Really, it seemed rather
pretentious. It was a museum dedicated to obscure artifacts, not popular
works of art or known historical discoveries. To me, it seemed more like
an antique store where you couldn’t buy any of the items on display.
But, it mattered not. I wasn’t here because I was fascinated with
history. I was here because I was fascinated with Penny.
Penny and I had been friends since the third grade. I ran in a group of
stray boys, and she ran in a group of rich girls. She was the head of
the group, and it was easy to see why. She was kind, but her mind was
sharp and her fists could form into hammers when she needed to put one
of her girls in place. She didn’t approve of shaming as a form of
initiation, so anyone could join. Penny was thirteen by the time she had
the whole school hanging on her every word. Just thirteen. She wasn’t
book-smart, but that’s what she had Meek-Miranda Short for. Penny didn’t
have a good sense for fashion, but that’s what she had Sharon Banned
for. Penny wasn’t good at sports, but that’s what she had Baily, The
Brick, Naper for. In truth, Penny wasn’t good at most things. All she
was good at was communication and encouragement. And that was all she
needed to be a good leader.
My story was a lot less grand, but that’s because I didn’t focus on it
much. I focused on Penny. I watched her rise to stardom from the
shadows, along with all the other boys who cared not about reputations
and such. And that was the ironic thing. Penny didn’t either. It’s what
made us friends. Penny’s recruitment campaign was about survival, that
was all. When Penny wasn’t in school recruiting more girls or helping
organize school events, she was out with us, the boys. We rode our bikes
down to the docks where we threw lines. All of us were big fishers. We’d
have joke-telling contests while we waited with our poles. Brock, our
head-man, was always in competition with Penny, and the rest of us
usually sat back and enjoyed the show. It was that fun, sportsman-like
headbutting that made Penny more than just a pretty face in our group.
We all respected her.
Now, I couldn’t get my eyes off her. I suppose I had always been in
love, but it had never seemed so all-consuming till these past few
years. We were now in collage, most of our groups having dispersed, gone
on to better or different things. But Penny and I stayed close. We hung
out after we got done with both our jobs respectfully, often wasting
away smoking grass. Good times. When The Museum Of Forgotten History
popped up in our town, Penny begged me to take her. Of course I told her
to take herself, jokingly. But Penny actually seemed hurt. That’s when I
began to question our ’ friendship ’ and if that’s really what we had. I
began to get jitters when I saw her, and for the first time, questioned
what was and was not appropriate to talk about. If she saw me as a
potential mate, not simply a friend, then it was clear she was waiting
for me. That prospect scared the shit out of me.
All that was two years ago now.
I finally, out of the blue, I got us passes to tour the museum. I was
scared of the possibility that it was too late, that I was too late.
Thankfully, I was wrong. Penny was ecstatic, and couldn’t wait to go, as
if we were still in the past, and the museum had just opened. So here we
were, wandering the dark halls, our feet scraping across the red velvet
carpet.
” And in this display, there is the quill and inkwell that was used by
Frank R. Douglas to sign the Iron Treaty in seventeen fifty-four.
Although Douglas signed the treaty for reasons of peace with the people
of Chili, the northwest territories suffered greatly due to the
agreement. This piece is in great condition despite passing through many
hands. ”
The guide let our group move toward the glass display that held the
inkwell and turkey-feather quill. Penny looked in the opposite
direction, gazing up and down at the displays the guide wasn’t
mentioning. I watched her, paying no mind to the mellow voice of our
tour guide. With her hands tight behind her back, Penny’s breast stuck
out more, only extenuating her hourglass figure, her thin legs. She had
a smile on her face as her eyes shined, taking in every little detail.
This day had been a long time coming, and it was clear she wanted to
relish in every second.
” This is cool… ” I heard her whisper. Penny was looking deep into an
exhibit, her fingertips pressing softly against the glass. I shuffled
closer to her, peeking into the display. Behind the glass was a giant
glass jar, a rusted tin lid. Inside the bottle, there seemed a stain
that rounded out the bottom.
” Looks like a pickle jar. ” I said. Penny giggled, and said they would
have been huge pickles. The jar was big enough to fit a human head
inside.
Penny looked down to the information, stamped into metal below the glass
display. Her fingers skimmed over the words imprinted into the metal
tag.
” A 1955 jar containing De-Desquidox. What in the devil is Desquidox? ”
” Huh. I dunno. ” I didn’t really care either. History had never been of
interest to me.
It clearly was to Penny though, as she turned around gracefully, and
before I could tell her off, she asked for the tour guide. And when I
say asked, I mean it. Penny had a voice like warm honey, so sweet and
smooth, she never had to raise her voice to get peoples’ attention. I
had often fantasized about what her voice would sound like in the throws
of deep pleasure. I liked to believe it would be the most beautiful
sound you’d ever hear, that is, if you ever had the privilege.
Everyone had turned to her, even the overgrown sausage that had knocked
into her, his face slack with enchantment. The guide, smiled at her, and
walked past the crowd toward us. I was embarrassed, something Penny
rarely ever felt. She was too confident. The guide seemed a bit flushed
himself, fiddling with his sleeves, before deciding to just hide his
ridged hands behind his back.
” Yes Ma’am? ”
” I’d like to know more about this exhibit. What is it? I’m speaking of
the Desquidox. ”
” I see, well, back in the fifties, there was a viral outbreak. It was a
small town in Ohio. No one really knows how it formed; There are many
theories. Some say it was born of drinking poor or rotten cow’s milk.
Journalists cite a train that de-railed a year before the outbreak,
suggesting some kinds of biochemical weapons were aboard. However it
happened, it brought havoc and death to the small town. ”
” I’ve never heard of that. ”
The guide smiled at Penny. ” Forgotten history, miss. ”
” But it was contained? ”
” Eventually. Again, the full story is somewhat out on those details.
“                                                    
Me and Penny beat the masses, being first out the door. We skipped down
the stone stairs, turning onto the sidewalk. The day was gray, same as
when we had entered the building. My car was several blocks down the
street, a by-product of the museum being near the center of town. Penny
suggested we walk through Main to reach the car faster, and just take
our chances with the masses of tourists. I put up my hands in a
fighting-stance, my way of agreeing with her. She laughed, then nearly
pushed me into the street, saying I couldn’t fight my way out of
rice-paper.
” Well, did you have fun? Was it all you imagined? ” I asked, teasing
subtly.
“  Ha-ha. Better get a mirror, your sarcasm is showing.”
” Did you though? Seriously? ”
” Seriously? Yeah, I had fun. There was a lot of cool stuff
there…Though, I don’t think there’s any way it’ll last. I’d give
it…Three more years. Then it’ll get bought out and turned into something
else. ”
” Three years? I’d give it one in a half! That was boring. ”
” The Desquidox bottle was the most interesting. That should have been
the main attraction if you ask me. Viral outbreaks scare me. I’d like to
know more about it. ”
” C’mon Penny, it’s not like they had zombies down in Ohio. ”
She turned 360, walking backwards beside me. ” You sure? Forgooootten
history, remember? ” She said, doing an exaggerated mimicry of the tour
guide. I shook my head at her, but honestly, I was a bit curious too. It
was probably the only exhibit that grabbed my attention.
We got to my Subaru and I drove Penny home where she lived with her
parents. I went back to my apartment on the other end of town. I was
tired when I got there, so I curled up on my couch, put on the TV to
lull me to sleep. This was a bad and deeply incorrect choice. I woke up
sometime around eight, fully energized and no place to go. I made myself
some food, some just-throw-it-in-a-skillet fajitas. I sat down on my
couch, skillet in hand, and began browsing through channels. I chewed on
cooked peppers and strips of meat lazily as I stared at the TV screen.
When I found nothing engaging, I went on my phone. I decided to look up
the Desquidox incident. I did this because I was a curious, but even
more so, I did this for Penny. I think she’d like it if I brought her a
full report on the incident since she was so enthralled and all.
Boy do I wish I hadn’t.
It had started in BucketsField, Ohio. It was a quiet town, home to grain
silos, cows and the smell of hay. It was the kind of town more populated
with empty barns than people. The biggest thing in the town was the
railroad than ran straight through the town. It was how the town was
even constructed out in bland land of the mid-west.
The cows were the first to get infected. This ties into the theory it
was bad milk that caused the outbreak. I found articles talking about
how Gerald Mansfeld, the town’s main farmer reported his cows became
blue. Not sad, actually blue. It was their eyes first, the whites of
their eyes becoming a baby blue. Then the veins of the cows were visibly
blue, an impressive feat to be seen through the hair of the animals. A
year later, unable to treat the animals, they became lethargic, and then
a little later, the last stage hit the animal.
Extreme desquamation.
Desquamation is something we all do, on a daily basis even. It’s the
shedding of skin. Humans shed our skin cells almost every second. It’s
perfectly natural. But the infected cows where shedding whole patches of
skin, pieces slothing off as if they had been cooked in a microwave
oven. They’d be standing one minute, perfectly fine, then a foot or two
feet of skin would tear and roll off their body, exposing the muscle
bones and organs underneath, all tainted blue. The people of
BucketsField had no idea what to do except euthanize the animals. All
two hundred of them.
I counted the months between articles, and there was a time of peace
till the next outbreak struck the pet population. Sheep dogs and barn
cats started exhibiting symptoms similar to the cows. Blue eyes and
veins, excrement too. The small hospital, a one floor tiny building was
flooded with people bringing in their pets because the town had no
veterinary clinic. The doctors advised any pet that was infected be
euthanized as well. This caused an uproar. Many people chose to let go
of their pets, while others decided to find another way through natural
medicines and the other unofficial cures. None of them seemed to work.
For those who chose not to euthanize their pets, they were the first to
be infected themselves.
A town-wide quarantine was started once it was known this disease could
leap to humans. Townsfolk began wandering around with blue in their
eyes, their veins even more visible than any of the animals. Panic
erupted when police came for people’s children. They wanted to separate
as many people as possible to prevent infection. Because of this, fights
broke out as parents refused to surrender their kids. People began to
look like actual zombies, walking around, their skin peeling off hour by
hour. Many families were shot trying to drive through the road-blocks,
and others were chased down by police dogs, also skinless.
The first actual death by the virus was on August twenty-first, 1953. It
had been Gerald Mansfeld, who’s cows were the first to encounter the
disease. It was reported that he had fallen dead in the designated
quarantine zone when his skin got so thin, his guts simply slipped out
of his body. The following days were filled with what little police
force that wasn’t infected having to fend off turkey vultures and crows
from eating the exposed organs of the people who died. No animal was
allowed to leave either, though this was an impossible task. Reports say
the stench was incredible. The whole town reeked of death and rot.
At this point, though attempts were made to keep things quiet, the whole
state of Ohio was in a frenzy. People checked their eyes every day,
their children’s eyes, their pets. The Federal authorities also watched
the activity closely. It was only when the police force trying to
maintain order got infected that the plan was made clear. No one was
going to get out. No one and nothing were to be saved. Towards the end
of 1954, the first bombs were dropped. Napalm firebombs were
commissioned to destroy the small town by low flying planes. One after
another, for days on end. The napalm was enough to disable vehicles and
seep into any dug-outs or shelters where people may have lingered. Even
if anyone had survived the initial blasts, the side-effects of the heat,
the poison, and sheer asphyxiation were enough to safeguard the rest of
the nation. It was the first time napalm had been deployed on American
soil for non-testing use.
The Desquidox Virus had been defeated. It never resurfaced, neither in
humans or animals to this day. Just like the guide said, no one knows
what caused the virus to form and spread. Because of its potency no one
was able to gain any specimens of the virus for further research. At
least, that’s what was documented in all the deep dives I did. But that
left me with several questions. If any remnants of the Desquidox virus
were eradicated, how did the Museum of Forgotten History have a jar that
had supposedly contained the disease at some point? How was displaying
that jar even safe, considering the severity of the virus? Shouldn’t it
be in a lab, not a museum?
Buzz, buzz.
I shook away from my research, one part fascinated, one part horrified.
I was beginning to question the museum’s ethics. Either they were
exposing innocent patrons to a disease that was so deadly, only napalm
was able to destroy it, or they were displaying fake artifacts. For
everyone in Bostons’ sake, I hoped the ladder was true.
I lifted my phone to my ear casually, and continued scrolling down
History Uncovered, a somewhat sketchy website.
” Hello? ”
” Ben? Did I wake you? ”
” Nah. What’s up? ” I looked at the clock. 3:45 AM. I puffed my cheeks,
surprised at the time. ” Ho, uh, what’re you doing up so late? ” This
was a question for both of us.
” I don’t kn- I’m not really feeling well. ”
This made me stop my scrolling. I froze. Please let it be a cold,
something she picked up from one of the people we mingled with earlier
today. Sore throat, the Flu, anything…
” Wha-what do you mean? ” It was all I could say. There was silence for
a minute.
” Well, I…Ben, my fingertips are turning blue…”

 
