It was like Amazon. For boyfriend’s.

According to his bio, Cam was a cat person.

His favorite food was sushi, and he loved horror movies.

His profile was cute. Cam’s photo looked professionally taken. He was a
guy in his mid twenties with a slight curl in his lip that teased the
start of a smile. Maybe a little on the pretentious side with the
Sherlock style trench coat, though his eyes were what pulled me in.

I don’t think I had ever seen that shade of blue.

Like staring directly into a perfect, crystalline blue sky.

Not quite natural, but too beautiful to ignore.

Cam was perfect.

Now, I didn’t really think this Hire-a-boyfriend thing through.

I found the app through a link my friend Hannah sent me.

After just getting out of a pretty toxic relationship, finding someone
to just hang out with was more comforting than dwelling on a
relationship I have trouble even remembering. I don’t think I can
describe loving someone I don’t remember. I have zero memories of him,
only a vague sense that I was drowning.

That I had to run, to get away from him.

His face inside my mind is more of an outline, a shadow I can’t make
out. My therapist said it was PTSD, my mind’s way of dealing with
trauma. I don’t know the details, but I woke up in the emergency room
with stitches in the back of my head.

Hanna was straight forward in her text.

She told me Hire-a-Boyfriend pulled her out of depression.

I was sceptical, though the app looked legit.

Like I said, it was Amazon. For boyfriend’s.

The interface was cute.

When I signed in through my apple account, the app required a
questionnaire after registering.

They asked details such as my likes, hobbies, and who and what I was in
the mood for.

The Boyfriend™️ was a bestseller.

I found Cam on the feature page. His reviews were sparkling.

I hired Cam for a wedding! He was amazing! So polite, I wish he was my
real bf :( - Lissa.

“Watched a movie with Cam, and he talked all the way through it. Not in
a bad way lol, the movie was terrible. This guy was hot. I fully
recommend”! - Ryan.

”Hire a bf is amazing lmao, my friends actually thought we were dating.
The plastic thing ruins it tho. 😭” - Mina.

Scrolling down, there were even Husbands™️.

Husbands were more expensive, and could be hired for up to three days.

The Boyfriend™️, however, was only available for 2 hours up to a full
night.

The app intrigued me.

I thought it was a joke, but could I really hire a pretend boyfriend?

Before I knew what was happening, I was on my second glass of wine, and
my credit card was definitely in my hand, squeezed between my fingers.

In the back of my mind, hiring a boyfriend was a whole other level of
dystopia.

However, I was still lying to college friends about being taken. Even
worse, I blabbed I was fucking engaged at twenty three. This was
definitely a me problem. My initial plan was to close down the app and
install Tinder.

But my credit card was feeling heavy in my hand, the corner spiking my
palm.

Cam was 50 bucks for half a day with him.

50 bucks I would otherwise spend on Uber Eats or over-expensive makeup.

Tapping on Cam, my hands were shaking. I was halfway through the hiring
process that was settling on a day, a time, and a location, when a
discounted Boyfriend™️ popped up.

Roman.

23. 

Leaving soon!!!

Roman had two reviews, which was just a string of heart emojis and
another that was hidden. I did see the start of it, but I wouldn’t let
me tap read more.

Hey! Isn’t this… [REVIEW HIDDEN]

The guy’s lack of bio was slightly off-putting. No likes or hobbies, not
even a favorite TV show. Roman’s photo stood out, however. Dark hair
that was the perfect kind of messy, freckles, and a far-away look, half
lidded eyes not even meeting the camera.

He looked like a daydreamer.

It made sense why this guy was on a discount. He didn’t smile in one
photo, and not even the teasing smirk I was used to with the others. His
available photos were him standing awkwardly, arms crossed across his
chest, as if he didn’t know where to put them.

But, like Cam, this Boyfriend was flawless.

Not a hair out of place, and if it was, that was the style.

Each guy had a color scheme, and his color was chestnut.

His description caught my eye.

Perfect caramel coloured curls and eyes like melted chocolate. Roman is
our favorite ‘Fall’ guy! An enemy to a lover in three (yes, three!)
dates!

I had to agree. This guy embodied Fall itself, every outfit in deep
oranges and browns that reminded me of crisp autumnal mornings. I think
they were trying to sell college guy with him holding a book, and
looking uncomfortable wearing a pair of glasses. His last photo was a
full zoom in, capturing flawless skin and tawny eyes swirling with
flecks of red.

Out of all of the guys I had scrolled through, this was the only guy who
looked like he had personality.

Cam was cute, yes. But Cam reminded me of a mannequin. He was too
perfect.

Roman’s perfection was human enough for him to feel real. Cam was a Ken
doll wearing the exact same grin that people knew would sell. Roman was
scowling, standing slightly tilted to the left, his hands in his
pockets, and then squeezed into fists, before settling over his chest.

I could practically hear the impatient voice behind the camera.

Why are you scowling? Smile! Do you know how to smile?!”

“Eyes on the camera! Look awake! You’re supposed to look appealing, why
do you look half asleep?!”*

He made me wonder what the BTS behind Hire A Boyfriend was.

Cam was marketed as true love, while Roman was the guy next door who
drives you insane, but is also kind of hot.

Were these guys strapped for cash and selling themselves out?

Was this all an act, or were they based on their real personalities?

Either way, I was sold.

Tapping hire, I chose our date to be in the city park at 3PM.

The app asked me if I had any special preferences, and I hesitated.

“Call me a donut.” I typed. If this thing was legit, this poor guy has a
script.

I was nervous to meet him. After class in the afternoon, I headed to the
park. It was raining, so already the date was going great. The receipt I
received in my emails had the exact location, a green bench next to the
water fountain.

I was five minutes early, already regretting my spontaneous, wine
induced decision making.

Scrolling through my phone with clammy fingers, I was trying to cancel,
when the bench wobbled next to me.

Roman.

Dressed in his usual autumnal wear, a levi’s jacket with jeans and a
beanie, he looked exactly like his profile, already scowling at the
ground, that exact same faraway look in his eyes.

My Boyfriend™️ was purposely distancing himself, sliding further away
from me. After getting mildly offended, I remembered his standoff
attitude and perma-scowl was his selling point.

The refusal to smile and inability to compliment me.

Enemy to a Lover.

He was acting.

“Hi.” His voice was a low mumble. Still refusing to look at me, he
tipped his head back and blinked at the tree looming over us. “It’s, um,
Jane, right?”

“Yes.” I cleared my throat. “Hi.”

I watched his gaze wander, lingering on a butterfly. He folded his arms,
pursing his lips. I had no idea what he was trying to say, before he let
out a groan.

“I’m not calling you a fucking donut.”

Ooh, this guy was really getting into the role.

I liked it, playing along.

“It’s fine,” I said with a laugh, “It was a stupid request.”

Roman met my eye, his lip curling. He wasn’t laughing. “Yeah. It was.”

This guy was a pro.

I thought I’d made a mistake. Especially when my ‘boyfriend’ refused to
walk by my side, stalking behind me instead.

He took me to a restaurant and bought me the cheapest option, indulging
in the delicacy menu himself, and spent an hour ranting about birds not
being real.

I started to realize why this guy was on discount. He was a fucking
weirdo.

Still, though, everything about him was endearing.

The way his gaze wandered when I was speaking, like I could physically
see his mind jetting off to Saturn.

Roman played with his hair a lot, twirling a single strand around his
index. He ate his pasta like a psychopath, using a spoon instead of a
fork, and spoke with his mouth full, spaghetti sauce running down his
chin.

He (unintentionally) made me laugh out loud multiple times.

When we left the restaurant, Roman surprised me by slipping his hand in
mine, entangling our fingers.

His gesture was unexpectedly warm.

When we parted ways, he had the slightest curve of a smile hinting that
he was getting a little closer to me.

That’s how Hire a Boyfriend lured you in.

Their guys were like video game characters. I had to pay more to build
them.

And that is what I did.

My friend was an artist, and invited me and my ‘boyfriend’ to her
exhibition.

I hired Roman for the exhibition, but halfway through the date, he
leaned his head on my shoulder, grasping tighter to my hand. He didn’t
get any less weirder, officially freaking out my friend with the birds
aren’t real theory. Eve was more amused than scared, immediately asking
for his socials.

Roman said he didn’t know what a social was, and she laughed harder.

“Your boyfriend is amazing,” Eve told me over drinks, “Isn’t he like,
literally perfect?”

Yes, he was.

But he wasn’t mine.

I started hiring Roman every week, and the more I got to know him, I
fell hard.

Every week turned to every day. I was obsessed with unlocking his true
character and personality. Each time I hired him, Roman would get less
standoffish, his barriers coming down.

He started to lean into me, squeezing my hand, kissing my shoulder.

Cash didn’t matter to me, I was barely emotionally conscious when I was
entering my card details. Just like the app said, Roman did get closer
to me.

Fast forward four months, and I was sitting on a park bench with his
head sandwiched in my shoulder, cherry blossoms blooming above us. It
felt real.

He felt real.

I can’t describe my feelings, because I don’t even understand them.

He was the first man I remember truly falling in love with.

When he kissed me, I stopped seeing him as a Boyfriend™️.

Roman was like no other guy I’d ever met. Before him, I couldn’t
remember having a clear mind. After him, everything made sense. My
friends loved him, and I had slowly deluded myself into believing he was
real. His true personality was friendly, a little clumsy but in an
endearing way, and he made me laugh. The park was our place, and I
enjoyed dozing in the sun with his face pressed into my shoulder.

There was just one problem.

Roman was still a Boyfriend™️ which meant he was off limits. The plastic
tag sticking out of his right temple assured that. If that wasn’t
enough, the app sent me hourly reminders, warning me to not get too
close. I did understand, it was for the guy’s privacy and safety.

But it’s not like Roman wasn’t being affectionate himself.

The app said zero touching, including kissing, sexual intercourse. He
kissed me multiple times, his head correctly leaning into mine. I still
wasn’t sure if he was part of his obligation as a Boyfriend, but it was
clear this guy was slowly steering away from the rules.

I couldn’t resist prodding the tag. “Does this not bother you?”

Roman shrugged, pulling his legs to his chest. “Not really. I like the
smell of it.”

“Smell?”

Rowan held out a hand with a small smile, catching cherry blossom on his
palm. “Yeah. Doesn’t it smell good?”

He was talking about the cherry blossom.

Something about the way he immediately dismissed the tag put a sour
taste in my mouth.

“No, the thing sticking out of your head,” I said with a nervous laugh.

Roman blinked, his lips breaking out into a smile. “I’m glad we both
like it.”

Maybe he wasn’t allowed to acknowledge the tag.

Ignoring my twisting gut, I focused on the sunset instead, blurred reds
and oranges streaked across a twilight sky.

It was slowly starting to sink in that Roman was not mine.

“I love you,” he said in a low murmur.

Something warm dampened the sleeve of my shirt.

Was he crying?

For a moment, my words were tangled in my throat.

“I think I love you too.” I said, my cheeks heating up.

“Mm.” he sighed, and I was trying to ignore how wet my sleeve was
getting. “I told you I would come back,” he snuggled into my shoulder,
and that wetness was dripping down the bare skin of my arm. When he
nestled his face in my neck, I smelled it, a tangy, metallic scent
tickling the back of my nose.

Blood.

Twisting my head, my right sleeve was drenched with startling red.

My neck felt sticky, blood smearing my shoulder blade.

Roman was bleeding. I thought it was a nosebleed when I glimpsed his
nose and lips and chin dripping red, but it was leaking from his ears
too, rivulets of blood seeping from him, while the guy himself didn’t
move, still smiling, his head leaning on my shoulder. When my body
remembered how to move, I jerked away with a shriek, but Roman stayed in
the same position, his head tilted.

“I came back for you,” a wide smile spread across his lips, blood
dribbling down his chin. “And our baby.”

I didn’t respond, pulling out my phone to call an ambulance.

“Are you happy I came back?” he whispered. I was transfixed by the blood
running down his face. His head jolted suddenly, his smile dampening,
before curving into a frown. The man’s eyes were suddenly so sad,
wandering, like he was searching for something.

Someone.

“I changed my m-mind,” Roman’s head jerked again, drool slipping down
his chin. “I w-want to be a dad, Sara.”

Roman’s words jolted something inside me, a shiver slipping down my
spine.

I dropped my phone, using my sleeves to stop the bleeding. Grabbing his
face, I forced him to look at me. “Hey. Look at me.” The bleeding was
letting up a little. But it was his eyes that held me in a trance. I
fell in love with beautiful, almost unnatural brown. What I was seeing
was green, a smear of lime slowly seeping into that tawny oblivion.

“Roman.” I said, louder. “Who is Sara?”

His expression crumpled, like he was crying, a whole new personality
taking over.

But he wasn’t looking at me.

Roman was looking right through me.

“I love you,” his voice broke, “But I also love him. I’m not ready for a
baby! I’m twenty three! What twenty three year old wants to settle down
with a little brat?” His eyes widened, expression softening. “I didn’t…I
didn’t mean that.”

I was talking to a memory.

“I love both of you. And I want to… I want to make a family with both of
you,” he shook his head. “But not now, Sara.”

Sara.

There was that name again.

“Sara.” I said. “Can you tell me who that is?”

The man’s gaze snapped to me. “Sara,” he whispered. “She’s my girl…” his
head jerked again, this time violently.

“Girl… friend?”

Roman frowned. “She’s my girlfriend,” he mumbled. “I was going to go…
back. But I… I couldn’t… find her…”

His hands dropped limply to his sides.

“I looked for her. But they… grabbed me.”

He squeezed his eyes shut. “They took me… away.”

When his whole body shuddered, eyes rolling back, I couldn’t help
myself, reaching forward with trembling hands and plucking the piece of
plastic from his temple. It was like pulling a tag out of a toy. But it
kept going, a long plastic thing feeding directly into his head.

It was like pulling a tag out of a toy.

This thing was a long coil of wire stained red, a metallic plate
attached to the end.

Biting back a shriek, I dropped the tag, my fingers slick crimson.

This thing was embedded, fed, directly into this guy’s head.

Like a switch had been pulled, Roman’s arms fell to his sides. “Sara.”
he said through a mouthful of red. “She’s my… she’s m-my…” he trailed
off and blinked slowly. His gaze found my hand, where I was gingerly
stroking his temple. Roman jumped up suddenly, his eyes frenzied, awake,
like a startled animal. “What the fuck?” he shuffled away like I was
contagious, diving to unsteady feet.

So, this was Roman.

“Who are you?” he swiped at his bloody chin. “Where’s Sara?”

When I couldn’t reply, his fingers gingerly stroked at his right temple.

“Fuck.” Roman let out a sharp breath. “You actually got that thing out.”

I was shaking, still holding it between my fingers.

This thing was warm, thrumming, like it was alive.

“And what is it?” I managed to get out. “That thing was inside your
head!”

Roman curled his lip, his gaze wandering the park.

“Where’s the exit?”

“What?!”

He grabbed me, harshly this time, pulling me to my feet. I was still
trying to mentally register the tag feeding into his brain. This guy was
not the man I hired, violently pulling me to his side when I could
barely stand. His eyes were fierce, hollow, a whole other person taking
over him. He was the shadow that had been pushed down, a suppressed
memory who was awake.

And pissed.

“We need to get out of here right fucking now,” he said in a hiss. His
fingernails stabbing into my skin hurt, but the pain was enough to snap
me into fruition.

“That app.” I said. “What is it?”

Roman’s eyes darkened. “It’s a factory,” he tightened his grip around my
wrist.

“Can you help me find my girlfriend? I’ll tell you everything, but we
need–”

“Miss Doe, am I correct?”

The sudden voice caught me off guard.

Roman looked confused, his gaze flicking behind me.

Fuck. His lips formed the word and he stumbled back, his hand slipping
from mine. Behind us, an outline of a woman slowly bled into the
shadows.

“You.” Roman’s lips parted in a silent cry. He shook his head, clawing
at his hair. The guy let out a spluttered sob, a thin line of blood
escaping his nose.

“You’re the bitch who did this to me.”

The outline inclined her head. “I know you have the memory of a
goldfish, dear boy, but if I remember correctly, you were recommended to
us. I even have your consent if you require proof.”

His eyes were wide. Terrified.

“You make us sign it! We don’t have a fucking choice!”

“That’s a rule break. Boyfriend’s do not swear, unless it part of a joke
and has been given full content by our clients.”

The woman appeared, no longer a disembodied voice, basking in the shadow
of the setting sun, rich red hair and matching heels. She was my age or
a little older. Sculpted in a black suit, this woman was oozing
sophistication.

She turned to me with a bright smile.

“Hello Jane! My name is Lily. I’m a customer adviser at Hire a
Boyfriend. I am so sorry for the malfunction!”

Tilting her head, Lily’s lips formed a frown.

“As we explained in our terms and conditions, the Boyfriend™️ does not
usually act like this unless considered faulty. However, it is expected
from a discounted model like Roman. He is scheduled to be refurbished in
a week, so we’ll happily take him off your hands.”

“No.” Roman whimpered. His gaze flashed to me. “Please… help me.”

His head jolted once again, and he dropped to his knees.

“That is also a rule break,” Lily said. “You never directly tell clients
what to do.”

Roman’s body shook, his head jerking left to right.

“Get away from me.”

“You are broken, Roman. Allow me to fix you.”

His eyes filled with tears. “Broken?”

“That’s right. Broken.”

“Sara.” Roman swiped blood from his nose. “Is she okay? Is she… s-safe?”

The woman regarded him with a pitiful smile.

“I’m sorry, who?”

Roman blinked. “Sara.” his expression crumpled. “She’s my…she’s m-m-my–”

Lily stepped towards him, and he shrunk back.

The sound of her heels frightened him, like he was used to them.

Used to her looming over him, a satisfied smile on her face.

“She’s your what? Come on, speak up!”

He let out a raw cry, clawing at his hair.

“I don’t know! I d-don’t know! I…”

“Come quietly, and I will rethink my decision to convert Sara’s child
when once of age,” Lily said. “The contract was clear. Section five,
clause three. Hire a Boyfriend are automatically entitled to a
Boyfriend’s offspring.”

Roman broke down, his head dropping into his lap.

“I’ll go w-with you.” somehow, his eyes were glitching, unnatural blue
light igniting around his iris. “I’ll g-g-go.”

More blood, this time running thick down his face.

Lily’s lips split into a grin. “I’m sorry Roman, who is Sara again?”

He scrunched up his face, fighting to keep his mind. “I… d-d-don’t
know.”

I hated myself for turning away, after listening to him sobbing, begging
for his unborn child to be safe, his mind torn from him right in front
of me. I felt sick to my stomach. Lily was revelling in every second.
Was this the reality of Hire a Boyfriend? What about Cam?

Who was behind his original face?

I should have done something. I stepped forward to grasp him and pull
him back. When my hands were on his shoulders, the light fizzled from
Roman’s eyes, sparks flickering out.

Like a puppet, he flopped to the ground.

In a panic, I tried to pull him to his feet, before I was violently
shoved back.

The redhead nodded to me. “I apologise again for the malfunction, Jane,”
she told me, scooping him into her arms.

He looked so vulnerable, a fully grown man somehow reduced to a living
toy.

Lily bid me goodbye, promising me discount on my next Boyfriend™️.

I thought about that day a lot. I went to the cops with a report, only
for them to tell me Hire a Boyfriend did not exist.

Apparently, I had been watching too many movies.

Two months passed by, and Roman never left my mind.

In an attempt to forget about him and delude myself into believing I was
suffering a psychotic break, I lost myself in podcasts. Anything I could
find, I listened to endless hours, blocking out thoughts drowning me.

Yesterday, I was making my way back home from class when I walked into a
dishevelled looking girl with an armful of missing posters. I already
knew who she was, and who was on the poster.

I was trying to avoid her, but this girl was following me. I could sense
her steps getting closer, her breath on the back of my neck. Grief
enveloped her in a sickly green aura, pale cheeks and straw-like hair
stuck under her hooded sweatshirt. This time, the girl situated herself
in front of me, red rimmed eyes begging me to stop walking.

I did, coming to an abrupt stop, my gaze immediately flicking to a very
familiar face on the missing poster.

Unlike Roman, my Boyfriend™️, this man did have flaws.

Crooked teeth flashing a grin and an oddly shaped nose. He was stockier
and had the worst fashion sense imaginable, clad in socks and sandles.
This time, though, the boy had a different name.

Jun.

The photo was always different, what I guessed was a collection from her
Instagram. This one was particularly heart wrenching. Roman’s eyes were
bright and happy, no sign of that hollow cavern I found myself lost
inside. The two of them were standing in front of a mirror, his arms
wrapped around her.

Whatever happened to him after he was taken had stripped Jun away.

The girl shoved the poster in my face.

HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MAN?

JUN LOCKE.

24.

LAST SEEN WEARING A PLAID SHIRT AND JEANS, OUTSIDE CAMPUS.

I didn’t look at the face that had been perfected and moulded into the
ideal boyfriend.

Into Roman.

I stared at the girl’s bulging pregnant belly instead.

Sara was getting bigger.

“Please,” She whispered, her voice a hoarse cry, one hand cradling her
stomach. “Have you seen my boyfriend?”

It was always a no.

Swallowing hard, I shook my head.

Sara didn’t even acknowledge my answer. She turned and walked away.

“Wait.” her name tangled in my mouth.

I felt like I was floating, my body moving for me. Stumbling after Sara,
I lightly touched her arm and she twisted around, her eyes igniting with
hope.

Opening my mouth, I choked on my words.

I have seen your boyfriend.

“Jane Doe! Oh my God, I haven’t seen you in… years, is it? How are you
doing?”

Sara’s half lidded eyes flicked to a familiar face behind me.

Lily.

This time, the woman strutted in a stylish red dress.

Her smile was too wide, too many teeth.

“Jane, can we talk?” she asked, “Woman to woman.”

Lily nodded at Sara’s belly. “Congratulations!” she winked. “I hope it’s
a boy!”

I had no choice, letting her pull me away from Sara.

Lily’s grasp on my arm was polite. She dragged me off campus. I thought
she was going to throw me into a truck, before the redhead came to a
stop.

I tried to pull away, but her grip tightened.

“It is quite painful, you know,” she said casually.

When I frowned at her, the woman prodded at her own temple. “The
Neurowire is fed directly into the brain to ensure complete compliance
with our Boyfriend’s.” her gaze was across the road, and when I followed
her eye, my heart almost jumped out of my throat.

Roman.

They had cut his hair. He was a sandy blonde now.

His colour scheme was deep blue, sporting a short sleeved shirt and
jeans.

He was laughing, hand in hand with another girl.

“I’m only going to say this once, Jane, because you are a little too
curious.”

I watched Roman reach for the girl’s hand. They must have changed his
personality. Now he was smiling and playful, the two of them laughing.
But there was a shy side to him, his cheeks blossoming red, fingers
slipping through her fingers and entangling them.

“There are certain men in our society who are born to be Boyfriend’s and
Husbands.” Lily spoke up, and I realized she didn’t just work for them.

She was Hire a Boyfriend.

“At Hire a Boyfriend, we believe everyone should have a significant
other they can be with. Even if it’s for an hour or two every day.” she
turned to Roman, who was wrapping his arms around the girl, laughing
into her hair.

The two of them seemed too close. I had a feeling this wasn’t their
first date.

Lily followed my gaze, her eyes narrowing. “Do you really think a man
like that belongs with someone like Sara? No, sweetie. As you can see,
Roman is currently being hired by Lula, our richest client, a socialite
who is considering buying him as a full time Husband! Now, she is
perfect for him.”

The redhead turned to me, lightly brushing my hair out of my face, the
tips of her fingers tiptoeing across my temple. She had a smile I
couldn’t make sense of. “I have missed you, Jane. If only dear Ben
didn’t get his own way.”

She tried to touch me again, and I smacked her hand away.

I caught a hint of hurt in her eyes, before she sighed, grasping my chin
with manicured nails and forcing me to look directly at her. “Sara is a
woman who’s boyfriend left her. She does not need any more stress for
our baby.”

Dropping her hand, Lily’s tone hardened. “If you do not walk away and
forget us, I will happily contract dear Sara into the Hire a Girlfriend
program. And trust me, you of all people should know that it will be a
very uncomfortable time for her. Would you like to know the conversion
process? Well, allow me to explain–”

“Stop.”

My legs were close to giving way.

“I won’t say anything.”

The bitch enjoyed my silence, my panicking thoughts trying to understand
what she was saying. “Or we could make her a wife! There are a lot of
lonely men looking for the perfect wife! Look at her. A young woman in
her early twenties. Perfectly healthy and beautiful. And she’s pregnant,
so that’s a bonus! Sara Mcintire is textbook girl next door. Exactly
what we look for.”

Shaking my head, I was trembling, sweat trickling down my neck.

Lily’s nails dug into my skin. “Am I clear, Jane? Or do you want me to
say it again?” her lips grazed my ear, a shiver skittering down my
spine, bugs filling my mouth. “Pain is beauty, after all, and we aim to
create perfect Boyfriend’s. I’ll leave the process to your imagination.”

Stepping back, I nodded, swallowing a bout of vomit.

“Good.” she pivoted on her heel. “Keep walking and you will never see me
again. Neither will pretty little Sara.”

Her voice followed me home.

“By the way, it was nice to see you again! Say hello to your boyfriend
for me, all right?”

I don’t have a boyfriend.

When I returned home, I felt like I was stepping inside a different
apartment.

Everything seemed just like how I left it but the house was too… clean.

Too empty.

Standing in front of my bedroom mirror, I pulled out my ponytail, my
fingers lightly prodding at my temple.

What did she call me again?

Jane Doe.

Maybe I was seeing things, but I’m terrified.

There it was.

How had I never seen it before?

With shaky fingers, I prodded the tiny plastic tag sticking out of me.

When I pulled it out of Roman, he knew who he was.

Who Sara was, and his unborn child.

Am/was I like Roman?

Am I a Hire a Girlfriend?

And if I pull this thing out, who was I before?

Edit: I’ve found hundreds of blood stained and fresh tags in my bedroom
drawer. Who is changing them?

I live alone, but why does my apartment feel so empty?

Please help me. I think I’m going crazy.
