My biggest insecurity was always my uncultured upbringing. I never
wanted people to know about my low class roots, how working class my
family was.

When I got into a prestigious college on scholarship, I continued my
habit of affecting sophistication however I could. I altered my accent
to sound more posh, wore the sleekest designer labels I could afford
off-price, and ate whatever fancy canapes I could scrounge together. And
of course avoided bringing up my humble hometown.

I also started dating an upper class girlfriend. Victoria came from
money and had grown up with all the decadence and prestige that I’d
dreamed of. Unlike me, however, it wasn’t very important to her. Hence
why she even ended up dating someone from my socioeconomic background at
all. We both admired what the other had, it seemed.

Regardless, I was always trying to impress her. To prove that I belonged
with someone as high up the social ladder as her. Maybe to prove to
myself as well.

I would memorise the most pretentious facts, ramble on about the sailing
conditions in Monaco this time of year, or the highs and lows of the
stock market, or the results of the latest polo match I saw. I was
insufferable but I think she found it endearing.

My biggest showy gesture to my girlfriend ended up being booking us a
wine tasting trip together. I had turned 21 only a year ago and was
raring to prove to Victoria and her family my eliteness in the field of
alcohol, too.

To find the place, I’d literally just Googled winetasting, scrolled a
bit and picked one that wasn’t too expensive or too cheap. I didn’t know
much about the intricacies of wine, only that it tasted good. But in my
naive eyes, this would be the perfect way to showcase myself as an
epicure while also experiencing a drop of the lifestyle I’d longed for.

Excited, we packed my car for the drive and set off for the weekend
trip. The vineyard was located here in California, in the beautiful Napa
Valley I’d always read about. It was a gorgeous drive through sunny
hills and olive green orchards.

I hadn’t needed to pack very heavily for the trip, but I’d instinctively
included my wine drops. A telltale sign of my newness to wine, on the
times I’d sipped it I’d occasionally gotten a headache. The drops in the
tiny squirt bottle would reduce sulphites in the wine and prevent any
allergic reaction. It would also brand me a declasse peasant if anyone
saw me sullying my wine with them. I resolved to try not to use them.

Finally, we arrived at the beautiful remote estate framed by a field of
grape vines. Upon parking our car, we were quickly greeted by our
vineyard guide, Pauline. Dressed in an elegant fall coat and boots, she
showed us inside the ornate lodge. There we met the other vineyard
visitors who would be in the winetasting group with us. We were the
youngest people in the group by quite a bit, and the older group carried
themselves with a refinement which instantly intimidated me. Despite
this, they were friendly and chatty with us. Together, we waited in this
lounge together enjoying the cheese and charcuterie board.

In true form, I wasted no time in showing off my knowledge of fancy wine
and culture to the group. Victoria rolled her eyes at my pretension, but
humoured me as she always did. The group seemed to buy that I was one of
them, a member of the cultured upper crust in my wool cardigan and
textured chinos. Here I finally was amongst my people.

We were fitting in making great conversation when Pauline returned and
escorted us to the counter where we’d be having the wine tasting. I
tried to hold in my excitement—it was the first one I’d ever been to,
unlike Victoria who had attended several on trips to Europe before. It
was old hat to her but for me it was a chance to prove myself.

The sommelier Francois started us with white wines, pouring us a
Riesling, then a Pinot Grigio, and then a Chardonnay. Truth be told, I
found white wine more digestible. I took a sip of each and was struck by
their robustness. They were unlike any white wine I’d had before in my
admittedly short time drinking. They had the crispness and acidity of
white wines, but also a strange sweet, salted flavour. Fascinated, I
busted out all my fanciest adjectives to describe what I was drinking.

“Wow, what an exquisite citrusy blend, this one also has a fine oaked
body—and do I detect notes of stonefruit and peach?”

Beside me, Victoria had a far more honest reaction to the wines.

“Uh, they’re a bit salty and sickly sweet for me” she complained,
wincing as she sipped each glass set out for her. I blanched awkwardly
at her candour—despite the fact that, of the two of us, she was the one
to know what she’s talking about here.

“Perhaps you’ll enjoy our selection of reds more then?” said Pauline,
clearing her glasses. Meanwhile, the rest of the group were enjoying
theirs, dumping the excess into a basin. Unaware of this winetasting
norm, I’d already drained all of mine.

Francois went ahead and set out an assortment of red wines—the main
event for the winetasting. He poured us a Pinot Noir, then a Malbec, and
then a Shiraz. This time I took a bit more time before examining their
flavours, swilling the wide wine glass in my hand like some kind of
gourmand. Then I took a sip of each. Woah. In addition to the normal
earthiness and jamminess of red wines, these had a metallic, more
pungent taste to them. That must mean they were really good red wines, I
assumed.

“Divine, an excellent nose of blackberry and cherries in these,
incorporating hints of spice—how positively tannic!” 

Far more reticent this round to take a sip, Victoria steeled herself up
to it and tried the wines. Looking back, she probably didn’t want to be
wasteful knowing how much I’d spent to bring us here and how much that
set me back. Still, she couldn’t keep the reaction off her face of being
visibly sickened by what she was drinking. In fact she had to stifle a
gag by the last glass.

“Eugh…I’m not really a fan of those, sorry…they’re not by any chance
expired or…like did something crawl into a cask maybe…?” she mumbled
nauseously, tugging her sweater.

I was mortified at what she was saying. This was a fancy winery, of
course the wine was good quality. Sure, the tastes were a bit on the
strange side—but so was caviar, truffles and foie gras. It was clearly
an acquired taste—and one I wanted everyone to think I’d already
acquired. Her rudeness was making us look like yokels.

Not wanting to have anything more to drink, Victoria decided to retire
early to our stateroom at the lodge. Instead of following her there, I
regrettably bid her goodnight and mouthed an apology to Pauline and the
group. I finished the winetasting with them and just continued making
conversation, rubbing elbows with the kinds of moneyed folk I wanted to
become one day.

That’s when Pauline informed me that the owner of the Scarlet Landing
vineyard was excited to meet me. Even more surprising, he wanted to have
dinner with me. Had I really impressed them with my verbose rambling? It
was an opportunity not to be missed.

In hindsight, it was at this point where I should have gone back to the
room, gotten Victoria and gotten the hell out of there. It’s what a good
boyfriend and danger savvy person would have done. It wasn’t too late
yet.

But instead, I followed Pauline to the vineyard owner’s personal study
and waited for him there. I still had no idea why he wanted to see me.
Maybe I’d won some kind of contest? I certainly felt at home in his
ornate study for the hour I waited there. 

Finally, the owner entered. Bertrand was a salt-and-pepper haired older
gentleman, dressed regally in a shirt, ascot and vest. He smiled warmly
when he wa

“It is great to meet you, Mr Jaden,” Bertrand beamed. “I am told you
have enjoyed your winetasting with us today—a joy for me to hear. Can I
interest you in a glass of Merlot?”

Taking our seats at the private dining table, he gestured to a bottle of
my actual favourite wine—a simple Merlot. I readily accepted. Instead of
waiting for Francois, he readily poured the wine himself—displaying the
fine sommelier techniques as well as his staff. I had so much I could
learn from this man.

My big mouth was already at it again, going on and on about whatever
sophisticated topics I could think of. How this winery was exceptional
compared to the many I’d visited previously, how the crystal glassware
resembled the collection I had at home. Anything to talk myself up,
although now I felt a bit self-conscious in the presence of someone with
actual power.

Bertrand smiled along with my stories. He then told me the reason for
bringing me here.

“I could use someone young, composed and ambitious like you to take over
this vineyard from me in a few years. I’ve been searching for a while
and you have the right temperament.”

This was a tremendous compliment to me. At first, I thought it was
because my tall tales of wealth had convinced him. But he quickly
dispelled this—Bertrand told me that knew I came from little and was
aware of my front.

In fact, he said it was this very enthusiasm and determination to
elevate myself beyond my birth, which he appreciated.

“I, too, wasn’t born with a silver spoon in my mouth, Mr Jaden” he
recounted. “I had your zeal in my youth, and it’s what led to my success
with this winery. I value those who appreciate the finer things in life,
especially those who do without.”

By now, I was onto my second glass of the Merlot. It had that same
loamy, gamey aftertaste that the other red wines had possessed. It was
also warmer than the other wines. But if this was fanciness, I could get
used to it. A little tipsy, I excitedly asked my benefactor if my
girlfriend Victoria could take over the vineyard with me.

It’s here where the energy of our pleasant dinner shifted. Surprisingly,
Bernard shook his head.

“We have better uses for types like her.”

These ominous words shot through my drunken enjoyment and I instantly
felt uncomfortable. I’d probably had too much of the strange wine to
drink—maybe I’d misheard him. Abruptly, I got up, apologetically said
good night to Bertrand, and decided to go sleep off these feelings next
to Victoria.

At this point, it was night and the winery estate wasn’t well-lit. I was
also far from sober. Inebriated, I stumbled from wooden door to door
until I saw what I thought was the entrance to our sleeping area.

Instead, I accidentally opened the door to a dark, lamplit room—filled
with the other winetasting attendees. They were all dressed in black,
and at the centre of their huddle, was the person I’d been looking
for—Victoria. She looked barely conscious and, to my immense horror, I
saw what was happening as my drunken eyes adjusted to the dark.

They were bloodletting her.

In stark contrast to the rest of the comfy estate, this room looked more
like a blood donation clinic, with a host of apparatus around it. There
were machines to store blood, and to separate it into different
components. 

But, unlike this medical-looking setting, Victoria was being bled by
knives into wooden buckets. The group were each draining a different one
of her limbs—her winery outfit stripped off—and her body looked barely
alive on the table.

My first thought in my drunk head was to stop them. My first response
from my drunk stomach was to throw up.

As I heaved my wine and dinner onto the floor, Bertrand walked in behind
me.

“Well, this certainly saves me the trouble of explaining where our wine
gets its signature flavour.”

Between my retches, I heard him explain the secret of their wines. He
told me about how their red wine was combined with whole blood, their
white wines were combined with plasma, their roses had a smaller
addition of both. Apparently, this had always been his philosophy for
this vineyard when he started it—using human blood to bring out the
deeper flavours of wine while adding a touch of sophistication.

“Rich people who don’t appreciate their wealth status don’t deserve to
live—but the royal blood that flows through their veins is still worth
something” Bernard mused. Standing over Victoria’s dying body, his
winetasters nodded.

A fellow poor person who worked to enter the upper circles, Betrand
resented rich people who left them.
 
If I’d been repulsed earlier, it was nothing compared to how I felt now.
I’d spent the day drinking a previous victim’s blood. And then the
grimmest realisation: I’d spent dinner drinking my girlfriend’s blood.
Yes, small infusions of it into existing wine. But it was still human
blood.

Bernard gave me my ultimatum.

“You can either join me, or you can join your girlfriend.”

I looked up at Victoria weakly. She was colorless and already dead at
this point. Would I be too if I didn’t take over the vineyard now?

No, I thought as my fingers closed around it in my pocket.

Suddenly, I leapt around and squirted the entirety of my wine drops
bottle into Bertrand’s eyes. He shrieked in pain as the
sulphate-dissolving solution disoriented him. This was my chance to
escape. I darted around him and out the door. 

The wine acolytes behind me attempted to give chase, but the skidding
crashes coming from behind me told me they’d slipped on my vomit puddle
of bloodied wine.

Adrenaline sobering me up fast, I made it to my car and tore it through
the vineyard. On my tipsy departure from the estate, I was sure to
destroy as many grapevines as I could with the front bumper. Whatever I
could do to prevent them from serving their blood-laced wine again.

I never did return to Scarlet Landing again.

Last I heard, it had harvested its produce and moved away shortly after
my escape. I reported Victoria’s death to the local police but they
didn’t seem too enthused about investigating it. All I could think was
how far Bertrand’s influence had to be if he could make the
disappearances of rich visitors such a non-issue.

This experience changed the course of who I was. I learned to tell it
how it is and trust my gut instinct by the end. Ditching my pretensions
and shame, I became a true salt of the Earth man instead. One who is
proud of his common heritage. Nowadays, I drink the beer my blue collar
father did, and work the same labourer job he did too.

I like to think I’m more the man Victoria would have loved now than I
ever was before. If I can’t honour her by getting her justice for her
murder, I can do so by living authentically and proudly. The opposite of
Bertrand.

I’m not left without paranoia, however.

Some days, when I’m drinking a stein of beer at the pub, I’ll catch that
similar metallic or salty taste—of human blood. Maybe Bertrand has
branched out his production and distribution?

Or maybe I really just can’t taste for shit.
