When someone who lives in a city-owned apartment dies, and they’ve got
no immediate family, who gets to keep their stuff? 

That’s the question Jared asked me two years ago. We weren’t that close,
just part of the same friend group. We’d mostly see each other at
parties sharing cigarettes, and this time was no different. We were
leaning on the balcony’s rusted railings, cigarette in one hand, beer in
the other. Nighttime traffic and the occasional shouts of other partiers
echoed through the streets below.

I shrugged my shoulders–it wasn’t exactly the kind of question I was
interested in when I was buzzed at 1 AM.

“It goes to the dump,” he said with a smile. 

I took a drag of my cigarette. “So?”

“So I’ve been thinking, what if someone were to… peruse through all that
shit before they get rid of it?”

“You mean steal whatever’s valuable?”

Jared knew I’d done some stuff that had gotten the attention of the
police before. Just to be clear, I’d never stolen anything, I had just
helped other people steal, and they’d pay me in cash. It felt a bit less
wrong that way, although I knew it was the same exact thing. But hey,
ethical branding for the win, right?

He also knew that I was between jobs at the moment; so this wasn’t just
another bullshit conversation.

“Whatever you want to call it,” he said. “But if one were to
hypothetically do something like that, they’d need a decent lockpick.”

“Stealing from the dead, huh?”

“Dude, it’s not really stealing, even. Some guy dies, and their family
is either not around, or they don’t want the guy’s shit. The city’s
like, okay, we’ll need to clear out the apartment, but of course they
can’t just take it and sell it on eBay. So they get rid of it.”

“And how do you know this?”

“Spoke to some guy at Chrissy’s party last week who worked maintenance
for the city. Boring guy, kind of an idiot, but anyway… there’d been a
death in one of the buildings recently. He was telling me all about it,
since he was the one who found the old lady. I asked some more
questions, and he said they just keep the place empty for a while, and
after a certain amount of time has passed they clear it out. When I
asked if they take anything for themselves, he got kind of queasy and
said that they’re not allowed to. Buuut… I’m guessing if they find
something nice, they’re not gonna just throw it away, either.”

“Right. Still, it is someone’s property.”

“Well, it becomes the city’s property. Anyway, what I’m saying is, if
hypothetically one could get info on such… passings, wouldn’t it be
beneficial that instead of all that stuff going to the landfill, it
would instead be used to keep someone else alive? Besides, I know you’re
not exactly the most law-abiding guy I know.”

I laughed. Jared was kind of a dick at his heart–someone who doesn’t
really care whether something’s right or not, as long as he can get his
own. But the more I thought about it, the more it sounded, well, not so
bad. If what he said really was true–that all that stuff would really
just be thrown out anyway–I could find no reason for someone not to grab
some of it. It was taboo, sure, and an unfair system, but so are a lot
of things. If some poor asshole like me could keep himself fed and a
roof over his head, I didn’t really see why not.

“So if you’ve got that maintenance guy on board, I’d assume he has the
master keys. What do you need me for?” I asked.

Jared froze up for a moment, as if surprised that I could glean his
“master plan” from his very obvious insinuations. I guess he thought I
was much dumber than I actually was. When he replied, his voice had lost
all of its jovial qualities; now we were talking business.

“He’s a pussy. Said that they’d definitely catch him on site, or from
stealing the keys, or whatever. I negotiated that he’d get twenty
percent if he just give me a time and a place whenever a new…
opportunity came up. In reality I’ll give him ten or so. He won’t know
the difference anyway. And you–”

“Twenty for the maintenance guy, split fifty-fifty on the rest.”

“Fuck no! Twenty’s way too much. And fifty-fifty on the rest is way more
than a lockpick should get.”

“Fine,” I said, playing it cool. I stubbed out my cigarette and glanced
back at the apartment, signaling that I was done with the conversation.
“Find someone else.”

Right as I took a step toward the door, he grabbed my shoulder and said
“Fuck you. Fine. But you better be good.”

“You won’t have to worry about me.”

For the next two years we made the easiest money of our lives. It was
like a get-rich-quick scheme was real. I mean, of course it was
technically illegal and all, but it only felt like that for the minute
or two it took me to unlock the door. We never got even close to getting
caught, and it honestly felt like living the dream. 

Everything changed with the Booker place. 

The Booker job was no different from any other. We got the info from
Jared’s maintenance guy: old guy in his 80s, lived alone, no family they
could track down. Apartment would be empty for two more weeks. We made a
plan for our visit at 2 AM on a Saturday; generally we’d found between
midnight and three to be the best time, as it was the quietest then, but
also if someone noticed us, we could pretend that we’d come straight out
of a bar and just trying to find our way home.

The apartment building itself had a door code, which the maintenance guy
had provided, so we got in with ease. Three floors up and we found the
unassuming door that held a plastic placard that had “Booker” written on
it. Jared kept watch as I made quick work of the old lock. Probably took
me less than thirty seconds–I’d become a pretty good lockpick over the
last two years. And just like that, we were in with our backpacks
hungry, ready to stuff them up with whatever valuables we could find.

Once we got in, I closed the door behind me. The place was completely
dark, and Jared clicked on his flashlight as I found mine. Once we both
had light, Jared pointed to the first two rooms along the hallway, and I
nodded. It meant he’d be taking those two, and I’d go further in.

We’d finetuned the whole process so well that we worked with calm
efficiency, like we were doing any normal job. After two years, it
frankly didn’t feel that much different.

It was a hot summer night, and these old concrete buildings didn’t fare
well in the heat. Despite this, the apartment was cool to the skin, and
as I walked further in, it felt like it only got colder. Old wallpaper
covered the walls, yellow from age or maybe even from smoking inside.
The air smelled like rotting wood and tea. It was unusual for the kind
of building we were in, and for the fact that nobody had been inside the
apartment for weeks.

As I walked through the hallway, I could hear Jared opening and closing
drawers, looking for jewelry, tech, collectibles–anything that held lots
of value, didn’t weigh much, and could be easily sold online or at a
pawn shop. 

The hallway opened up into a wide space with a small kitchen to my
right, and a living room to my left. At the back wall was what I assumed
to be a bathroom, which was closed.

First I went for the living room. At the back were two windows, covered
with crinkled curtains. The tight beam of my flashlight was the only
source of light, and outside its cone of light was pure black. It was an
eerie kind of dark, since there weren’t even the usual LEDs of a laptop
charger or a TV hanging around.

Dust coated everything, and as I walked around it came flying through
the air like a thousand tiny critters. Usually I was calculative when
assessing where to look for (desks, odd-looking storage boxes and
display items were top priority) but this time was different. Every wall
besides where the windows were had bookshelves that reached all the way
up to the ceiling, yet each one was a little bit different: different
wood, shelves, depth, color. Together they made a Frankenstein’s monster
of walls that surrounded everything, slanting in places from the sheer
weight of all that those shelves held. 

And there was a lot of shit. Candles burnt halfway, held in all kinds of
ornate candelabras painted silver and gold. Books bound in leather,
inscriptions along their spines. Stacks and stacks of papers, yellowed
by time and coffee. 

There was no television, no sofa, no lazy chair. Nothing that a normal
person might have in their living room. The most normal thing there were
two wooden chairs, and in between them a coffee table filled to the brim
with more books and papers, pencils and matchsticks, and a plethora of
cups with coffee stains.

Hoarder was the first word that came to mind. This wasn’t good: hoarders
usually didn’t own much of anything valuable, or if they did, it was
impossible to find.

The scene made me feel sad, like the guy had filled up his life with all
these books and papers when he didn’t have anything else. Of course
there was no way to know if that was even true, but that’s just the
feeling I got. It was strange; I’d learned to be quite detached from the
people whose apartments I visited. 

Still, I had a job to do. With the flashlight in my left hand I started
to pore over each shelf one by one. The candelabras were too large and
heavy to take with, the books weren’t anything I could see making money
(one time I’d found a first edition The Hobbit, which was neat, and
quite expensive), and all the rest of the knick-knacks strewn about
seemed more sentimental than anything. 

Trash, all of it. Basic hoarder shit. Either way, I went to check out
the kitchen, even though there usually wasn’t anything of note in those.
Maybe some silver spoons, if I was lucky.

The cabinets were sticky to the touch, like they hadn’t been wiped in
years. This was common with seniors; at some point their bodies could no
longer handle all that scrubbing and wiping, and nobody came to clean
for them. 

Inside the cabinets there were the usual suspects: plates, glasses, pots
and pans, all the kind you could get at any store. Even the cutlery was
just stainless steel, and dirty from a bad wash-up job.

This was a bust. I hoped that Jared had at least found something, and
right as I finished up with the kitchen he appeared in the hallway. 

“Anything?” I asked him. He sucked on his lips and shook his head, the
way he always did when he got genuinely angry.

“Me neither,” I said. “I guess some of the books might be worth
something, but–”

“We’re not gonna haul a bunch of fucking books outta here.”

I shrugged. “So, we’re leaving then?”

He did a tree-sixty, surveying the apartment one last time. I followed
the flashlight’s beam as it swirled around me, until it stopped at the
door at the far wall. 

“Bathroom?” Jared said.

“Must be.”

“You checked it?”

“There’s nothing ever in a bathroom.”

“So you didn’t check it?” 

“No. Didn’t think a half-used can of shaving cream would be of much
value.”

He rolled his eyes and walked up to the door. “You never fucking know
until you check, do you?”

That’s when I noticed that the door was locked from the inside, which
didn’t make any sense, and–

BANG

BANG

BANG

The door shook, with terrifying force. 

Someone was still here.

My body tensed up, and a wave of hot adrenaline dissipated along my
chest. It had been a while since I’d actually gotten worked up for one
of these gigs, but now–Immediately–I was back in full form, ready to run
the fuck out of there.

Jared jumped back from the door, and put his right hand in his pocket,
drawing out a switch blade; he’d chosen fight instead of flight. He
carried the knife around everywhere, sometimes taking it out when he was
drunk enough to feel like showing any unsuspecting victim the “tricks”
he’d learned. Mostly it was some haphazard display of bad knife
etiquette that sometimes ended up in him slicing up his own hand, or the
knife dropping to his feet with an awkward clang.

This time I could tell that he was ready to use it. His whole body was
rigid, and his feet locked into a fighting stance. He gripped the knife
with force, making sure that this time it wouldn’t leave his hand.

“Who’s there?” he said firmly, but not too loud. We didn’t want to wake
up the whole building, after all.

BANG

BANG

BANG

… came three knocks again, yet there was no other sound anywhere, like a
fist in the air was just on the other side of that door. Across my
flashlight’s beam I could see my breath becoming mist. The temperature
had been getting colder it seemed, although I didn’t really feel it
because of the adrenaline. 

Something knocking on the door from the inside of a dead man’s
apartment, at the same time as a cold that came from nowhere and I
couldn’t even properly feel wrapped itself around us… for a moment I
thought it all to be a bad dream. Everyone had nightmares about work,
right?

Jared took another step back from the door, still keeping his eyes on
it, the knife now feeling like much too small of a thing to protect us.
The way the door had shook, there was something a lot bigger than us
behind it, something a lot stronger.

“Let’s get the fuck out of here,” I said to Jared. 

He backed up towards me, his eyes not leaving the door, his mouth not
saying a word, fully focused, and then–

BANG

BANG

BA––

With that last knock the door came off its hinges with a loud crack,
falling to the floor with a boom that shook the floor. If the neighbors
hadn’t heard us yet, now they definitely had. Jared’s flashlight escaped
his hands and fell to the floor, pointing towards the left wall now, but
the knife was still solidly in place in the other. An expletive flew out
of my mouth: it was time to get the fuck out of Dodge, but Jared wasn’t
moving. My body begged me to go the other way, to just run and leave his
stubborn ass, but I forced myself forward and grabbed Jared’s shoulder.

“We gotta get the fuck out of here,” I said.

He wouldn’t budge. I grabbed on harder and pulled, which made him
finally turn around. 

Jared was terrified; eyes wide and cheeks painted with tears. He looked
like a little boy, far removed from the gruff model of a man he’d always
tried to be.

“Let’s go, let’s go,” I screamed at his face–there was no pretense of
sneakiness anymore–and pulled him towards me again. He leaned over and
almost fell down, just barely catching himself with a swift kick. Thank
fuck his body was working again, at least somewhat.

Behind him, beyond the door, everything was dark. My flashlight painted
over the curtain of black, and it was almost as if it couldn’t penetrate
it. The thought made my body reel: the darkness was much too deep to be
a small room, and even then it shouldn’t look like that. What I saw
shouldn’t even really be possible.

I pushed Jared along and made him walk back down the hallway, and
thankfully he did, although he was being slower than I would’ve liked.
The knife was still gripped in his hands, but I’m not sure if he even
realized it was there anymore.

Right before we reached the door I looked over my shoulder. Nothing had
come out, nothing was chasing us.

I could hear Jared fumbling with the doorhandle, but I didn’t turn
around to help him. Not yet. There was something there, something in the
darkness…

Along the upper edge of the doorframe, the inky black was disturbed as
something flickered. Dread filled me, yet I couldn’t look away. I had to
know what it was, to have the story for later: so that I could say that
I didn’t run away, tail tucked between my legs, from nothing.

Another flicker came into view, finally making sense as the two eyes
rose from the darkness like sculptures of ice: milky white and bereft of
pupils or eyelids. Alongside the eyes emerged their master: a man, if
one could call it a man, with skin like paper stretched over knuckle,
sinew and bone. It moved on all fours along the ceiling, hanging upside
down. The thing’s lips were gone, or perhaps had never been there, and
its teeth were long, sharp, and interlocked like tiny, rusted swords.

Its arms were outstretched, the fingers somehow holding onto the
ceiling. My intuition said that it was defying physics, as its strength
couldn’t be so massive to defy gravity with such ease.

More of its body came to light, and as it did so it was as if the
darkness beyond was a vat of oil that the flashlight’s beam simply could
not penetrate; the darkness was something more than it should be, a
nightmare’s black. As the rest of its body came into view, I was
suddenly reminded of centipedes and their disgusting little legs.

Because instead of legs, the creature’s back stretched on and on,
further than made any sense, probably five or six feet in length, at
least. Along the sides–as if tacked on by a mad scientist–were tens, if
not hundreds of tiny little legs. Human legs. 

Not human adult legs. Baby legs. Plump and soft and still not quite the
way they should be.

The door clicked open, and this time Jared pulled on my shoulder
instead, dragging me out of the apartment with panicked violence. I fell
to my back, a shooting pain in my tailbone, and I watched as that thing
skittered along the ceiling towards us, that terrifying smile of swords
on its face, the tiny little feet slapping and dragging along. It was
fast, but not as fast as Jared was kicking the door shut.

Inside, the thing scratched at the door like a cat, and quickly began to
vocalize. It was like… like it was wailing, but as if it didn’t have a
tongue to make any sounds that were more complex than a yell or a cry.
Crying because it couldn’t be let out. I realized how human its cries
felt only when something in my heart told me that this creature was in
pain: that it didn’t sound like a predator. It sounded disappointed.

Then again, maybe that’s how it gets you. Maybe that’s what a good
predator should sound like.

“What the fuck was that?” Jared said and lent me a hand. His voice was
shaky, almost broken. I took his hand and he pulled me up, and I quickly
realized there was definitely at least a hair fracture in my tailbone.

“I don’t fucking know,” I said. “Let’s just get the fuck out of here
before someone calls the cops.”

“We should be calling the fucking cops. Jesus fucking christ,” he joked,
but it didn’t land.

Nobody had appeared in the hallway, which was weird. The creature was
still wailing inside, and besides that, we’d made quite the ruckus. It
was like no one even lived in the other apartments.

Jared started down the stairs, and I followed him. It hurt to move my
hips, like it made my tailbone grind against itself somehow. But that
was a problem for later.

With each step the wailing grew further and further until we were
outside the apartment building, back in the sweat-hot night.

As we ran, I looked back at the apartment. Where the living room was,
the lights were now on, and the curtains open. From behind the dirty
glass, I could see skittering along the ceiling like a bug. And there
was someone else there, too. A tall man with odd clothing, who put his
arm up and the creature came to him, like it was a signal.

The man touched it. It was hard to see exactly why, but it kind of
looked like he was scratching underneath its chin.
