I feel the darkness closing in on me, the book pages come alive and the
tentacles of the creature slowly crawl out and start beating against my
reading table as I push the chair back, but then it’s all gone and I’m
alone again, I realize that those were just my thoughts again. 

 

 

How do these thoughts get inside my head? How do any thoughts get inside
anyone’s head? Are we connected to something greater? Do they come from
the soul? Then why are my thoughts so dark? Must I fix my soul?

 

Every morning I used to go to the library, since I was young. For many
years I prioritized books over everything else, even neglecting my basic
needs. This library by the sea was special to me, its magic drew me in
and whenever I left, the feeling of longing for it began. I always read
the books inside of it and didn’t bring them home.

 

When I was old enough to work, I asked the librarians to let me work
there, they said I lacked experience, but I offered to work for free. I
cleaned, stacked books, put things and books in order, assisted people
who came in. Impressed by my work the oldest librarian gave me her spot
when she retired and my dream came true.

 

I had the keys to the library and now I could read at night inside of
it, with no one around to bother me.

 

Some nights after work I used a candle, others, a small lamp. It was
exciting and enchanting, but in recent times I began to have a feeling
that someone was watching me through the windows and I couldn’t shake
this eerie feeling.

 

One day a man dressed in black came in, his face was long and pale, he
came up to me and handed over a book. He said it was a donation and
walked out. This book’s binding and sheets were nothing like I’ve seen
or felt before. The cover had no name and looked like it was put
together with several types of leather. I hid the book from others under
my reading desk and waited till night time when I closed the library. 

 

As I sat down and lit a candle I felt that someone was standing at the
window, I quickly turned my head, but there was no one.

 

I opened the book and on the very first page there was an image of a
disturbing face of a creature, a mix of a shark with a bat. I continued
and flipped to the next page. On it were strange letters and sentence
formulations, but they were written in english letters so I could read
them. Upon finishing the first page, before flipping to the next, I
heard a loud creak of the floor in the back of the library. My heart
began pounding as I set there motionless, staring into the dark outlines
of book shelves. The sound happened again, but closer. I froze, my mind
went into panic mode, but I couldn’t move. I had one hand on the book
and other on the table. I didn’t have a gun, or any weapon, I had no
tricks up my sleeve, I had no idea what to do. Again and again, the last
sound came from behind the closest book shelf. I finally moved my hand
and closed the book. Shacking I raised my candle and stood up. I slowly
shuffled my feet to the wall where the light switch was located, not
taking my eyes of that one tall book shelf.

 

My thin finger flipped the switch and my eyes got big, but there was no
one there! I went around it. No one. I looked everywhere and still I
found no traces of anyone else being there that night.

 

I hid the book again, turned of the light and hurried outside. Usually
walking back to my small apartment at night felt safe, it was a crime
free neighborhood, but that night my feet were tangling and I kept
looking over my shoulder. Even when I was finally in bed I felt that
someone was standing right behind my door, I was shaking as It took me
hours to fall asleep.

 

In my dreams I was swimming in an ancient underwater city, and then I
saw the creature from the book, he sat there on his underwater black
giant throne, calmly looking at me with his large black eyes and then I
heard a whisper, something about page sixty.

 

I woke up as terrified as when I went to sleep, that day I welcomed
sunshine on my way to work. For the next few weeks I asked another
librarian to take the night shifts. I did not touch the book, but every
night the dreams about the sunken ancient city and the book continued.

 

Finally I went back to my old schedule. One night as I closed the doors
I decided to stay. I put a lamp on the table and took out the book. I
hesitantly opened it and listened around me, there was nothing. I
proceeded to page sixty and read the lines that talked about one
becoming many and on the bottom there were writings I could not
understand. As I finished, suddenly all of the book shelves began
shacking, the book themselves were moving. I lifted my lamp and stood
up. There were screams, people speaking in other languages, songs and
chants, all coming from various books. Then a book close to me on one of
the shelves flipped open and a black arm stretched out of it, it’s thin
dry fingers grabbed unto side of furniture, in horror I dropped my lamp
and ran.

 

I was running through the streets, but without paying attention to which
direction, my head was so taken by fear that my reason and awareness
were completely clouded.

 

In the morning I woke up on a bench in a park, I could see the waves of
the ocean and the birds were signing. In the distance I could hear cars
and commotion in the town. I walked towards the sounds and saw
firetrucks next to the library, it was burnt down. I saw librarians
notice me and point me out to police.

 

I did not run and straight away admitted to dropping the lamp, I was too
tired of it all. Once questioned by a detective on what happened and
telling him all the details I was left alone in a room. He called in
some men and they took me to a place where they said I’d get help.

 

Since then I’ve been living in an asylum and kind doctor Albion has
given me papers and pen to write down my thoughts and even books to
read.

 

 

I’m not so sure that it was a good idea.
