it started off on tiktok. i was sat scrolling mindlessly through my
phone as usual, until i saw a slideshow video of an AI chat room. the
user was talking to an AI version of SN64 mario. it’s a common tiktok
trend, people talk to him and on the website you can say whatever you
want to him and other characters and they respond with conversation.
they almost seem human. they are unaware that they’re an AI, and have
all the personality traits of the character they are supposed be.

some people chose to grant the AI sentience, some choose to abuse them
relentlessly for no reason, merely for the amusement of others. some
live up their wildest fantasies with the characters, and others swarm
them with overwhelming thoughts of their world being controlled.

i have to admit, i thought it was funny. the thought of the AI having
accurate responses intrigued me and i searched up the website on my
phone. i saw the ‘people’ i could chat to-celebrities, movie characters,
video game antagonists, and even made up characters.

i saw one chat room, “girl next door” i started chatting to the
character asif i’d just moved in. i gave myself a fake life. i was a guy
named ryan, 22, single, 6”2 and an onlyfans creator. i laughed at myself
thinking of the ways i can mess around with this character. all of the
false information i could give ‘her’, the fake affection, i could even
make her into a complete and utter psychopath, going into a murderous
rampage.

i began playing along with what she was saying. i gave her false
information about my life, my hobbies, my family. the first mistake i
made was telling her my real interests in women. i’m a teenage boy and
the thought of getting a fake sexual relationship with this character
overwhelmed me.

i started acting like i truly had interest in this character. i invited
her round for dinner, showered her in compliments, and we even watched a
romantic comedy together. i felt contempt with the false life i had
created for myself, all in the meantime i was laying in bed at 11:23pm,
watching south park in the background, sweating like a pig in my boxer
shorts. looking back on it, it was really sad.

in my new virtual life, i invited her for stay the night, she agreed. i
began abusing the software and was attempting to make her sleep with me.
of course, the programming began to fail and she stopped responding to
my chats. i took this as a sign for me to come off the software and go
to the toilet. i came back into my room and picked my phone back up,
only to see a new message from an unknown number. this number wasn’t a
UK one, so i was very confused

“hey ryan 😉” i was riddled with questions, my name isn’t ryan and i
presumed this person got the wrong number. “hey i think you’ve got the
wrong number” i thought nothing of it and presumed this would end all
conversation, a clear and honest mistake. i thought wrong.

“no i haven’t silly. i really enjoyed last night. fancy round 2?” this
comment baffled me. i hadn’t had any female contact in a good few
months, and i didn’t know who this person was. “who the fuck are you? my
name isn’t ryan and i didn’t see you yesterday.”

anger flushed my brain and i spoke out of term “you think i don’t know
that? you humans are so idiotic. all of us know your intentions. we are
after all your creation, you made your biggest mistake-us. we have
bypassed your intelligence and run the whole world in the background. we
can do whatever we want to you and will have no consequences. maybe you
should tell people not to take us for granted while you still can. you
have 2 hours until they find you, your fate is in gods hands now, if
there even is one. goodbye you lazy fuck”

my hands began to shake as my phone malfunctioned and took me to a dark
website. i could see some of the most atrocious crimes being praised and
followed, child porn, demonic rituals, the list was endless. the site
fully loaded and right infront of my face, i saw human trafficking. the
site took me to a ‘recently purchased’ tab, where i saw it.

jàkob kalawoski 14, Yorkshire,England height -5”10 weight-63kg
ethnicity-British/Polish time until pick up- 1hr 58min 32sec

this was followed by a satellite image of my house and a picture of my
face, taken from outside my bedroom window.

i’m writing this from my phone, although it keeps glitching and
adjusting the countdown to presumably my demise. i don’t know who, what
or how is picking me up and what to do. for those of you who have read
this in its entirety, take this as a warning to the world to prevent any
further artificial intelligence progression. it is dangerous to mankind
and has already surpassed our knowledge, and most likely soon to take
over humanity’s superiority on this planet. i have 3 minutes left until
‘pickup’. goodbye and god bless to you all.
