There are all sorts of reasons you shouldn’t visit Harmony Care Home,
the first of which is that there’s something very wrong with the people
who spend their last days here (many come, no one ever leaves). Not many
names on the visitor log, but I am one of them.

It’s all a little hazy now, but as I remember it, from the moment I pull
into the empty parking lot, a heavy sense of foreboding sends all the
hairs on my neck standing on end, and I linger under the sign, neck
craned to read:

HARMONY CARE HOME

Caring, Compassionate, Harmonious Senior Living

Pastel shades of orange outline the slogan, while yellow daisies around
the border offer promises of sunshine. But the paint is chipped and
faded, making the overall effect less “care” than tragic neglect, like a
wedding gown eaten away by moths.

“Harmony Care Home”?

More like “Ditch and Forget Home.”

I pull two cat carriers from the backseat of my car and stroll up the
paved walkway across the grassy lawn. The moment I pass through the
double doors, the chemical scent of cleaning supplies and Febreeze wafts
into my lungs, undercut by notes of something I can only describe as
“eau d’old age.” I wrinkle my nose, but smile when the pretty blonde
staffer looks up from the front desk.

“Hello?” she says.

“Hello, I’m here to see Darlene Anderson.”

“And what is your relationship with Darlene?” The blonde’s tag reads
“Lolita.”

“I’m her grandson, Jack.”

I’m not her grandson. In fact, I’ve never even met Darlene Anderson. But
to explain our actual relationship would be complicated…

Well. I guess it’s not that complicated. I’ve scammed her out of a
couple thousand dollars through her cat rescuing.

See, I’m actually more of a catfisher than a cat rescuer. Cat rescue
groups are mostly comprised of middle-aged women like Darlene, so if
you’re a young grifter wanting to dip your sticky fingers in the
donations pie, you’ll do best to join under a sweet and dowdy name like,
say, “Susan.” Cull some kitty pictures from online, post some links to
gofundme’s with sob stories…

The cats did all right. My best fundraising scam was actually under the
guise of “Jacob,” a little boy sick with cancer who got donations from
hundreds of people all over the world. But then, some questionable life
choices and a drug overdose put little “Jacob” into an actual
hospitalization a couple months back. I woke up out of a coma to tons of
messages from people worried about poor “Jacob” (why no updates? Did he
die??). Meanwhile the real me, Jack Wilde, was hovering near death with
only the beeping of machines for company. Nothing like a near death
experience to make a man question his life choices.

All of which is to say, I’ve given up on lies! Well—except to Lolita
just now about being Darlene’s grandson.

Anyway, I’m here because this morning I got a series of panicked
messages on my old cat rescue profile:

DARLENE: HELP!!! Mickles very sick.

SUSAN: Oh no! I’m at work. Can your family help?

DARLENE: Pls, no one else is helping… All those times I helped your cats
please remember. Jazz is DEAD I think it’s the cleaner they use.

SUSAN: 😢Oh no… Jazz!!! What cleaners are they using?

DARLENE: Mickles keeps throwing up. When are you coming? Need you to
take Mickles and Prometheus. Harmony Care Home. Need vet NOW

SUSAN: I’ll send my son Jack, hang in there!

Normally, when the victims of my grifts start asking me for favors in
return, I ghost them. But—Darlene’s messages made it seem like an
emergency, and I didn’t have time to find anyone else to pick up Mickles
and Pickles (ok, it’s “Prometheus,” but come on it should obviously be
Pickles!). So yes, this time, I genuinely am in the role of cat rescuer.
I mean, sure, my entire relationship with Darlene is based on stealing
her money. But Mickles needs a vet. Come on I’m not a monster. And after
I have these guys living that Fancy Feast life, if I inflate the vet
bill a little when asking Darlene for reimbursement, well, who’s the
wiser?

***

But now that I’m here at the desk signing in, there’s just something
about this place that prickles my skin. And not just the smell, though
the chemical odor is so strong it could strip flesh from bones.

To the left of the check-in desk, a carpeted staircase leads to the
upper floors, lit by electric lamps in sconces like old fashioned
torches. The dim lighting almost hides the horrible grime streaking the
walls and the even more alarming stains that darken the carpet. Is that
black mold? Somewhere an old woman cackles. Sings? Sobs? Hard to tell.
Hopefully not Darlene, though I’d hardly blame her.

To the right sprawls a large common area with armchairs and sofas that
exhale a puff of mildew-scented air when sat on (note to self: don’t do
that again). There’s tables with coffee, an old fashioned jukebox, a
chart with a calendar of events—bingo is on for tomorrow, everyone! And
trivia on Wednesday. Don’t miss it!

The common area actually looks fairly normal. Old folks sitting,
chatting, watching television or sipping their coffee. They all seem
pretty bored, but I mean, it’s not bingo night.

Once I’ve finihsed signing in, Lolita points me up the stairs.

I head up with my carriers, wrinkling my nose. Maybe it’s just my own
recent experience with hospitals and chemical cleaners that’s making my
skin crawl. Maybe there’s nothing all that unusual about this place,
just a soul-sucking feeling of being forgotten. Up here, dusty windows
let in pale sun, and the carpet is threadbare and the numbers on the
doors faded but it just seems like any old building. Except for the
smell… that rank odor that even the chemicals aren’t enough to cover up.
A whiff of unwashed flesh, old urine, and something else—something that
conjures nightmares of maggot-riddled rotting meat…

… and then, as I’m passing room 203, I notice the door is open, and taht
inside there is a man in a wheelchair who is visibly dead.

I don’t mean that he might be dead. No. I mean that I look in at a very
old man who is obviously the source of the smell. He sits in a
wheelchair, his head lolling to one side, ice blue eyes wide and vacant
and staring in the creepy way dead people’s eyes do. I don’t even think
he just died. I think he’s been dead… a while, judging by the fluid
puddling under his chair. It’s surprising he doesn’t smell even worse,
but that must be all the chemicals that have killed my receptors…

The guy looks like he was well over ninety, so his kicking the bucket is
not so surprising. But what does surprise me is that the staff have just
left him… here. Exactly where, presumably, they must have found him,
since he looks several days into decomposition. I guess I could go in
and check his pulse to be sure, but also—

Are you kidding?

No fucking way.

I do the only sensible thing, which is to report it to the front desk
(But if he’s been dead for days, shouldn’t they already know…?),
pointedly ignoring the creepy whispers in my mind that tell me something
is off about this whole place.

Lolita blinks alarmed blue eyes. “Oh my gosh!” she exclaims. “Let me
call the nurse—are you sure? You sure he wasn’t sleeping? Room 203? He
sleeps a lot…”

“He’s 100 percent dead,” I assure her.

“Did you check?”

Did I check? Is that my job? Hello, do you think I go walking up to dead
bodies checking them? “I watched for a suitably long time to ascertain
that he was not blinking, or breathing. Yes he is dead.”

“Ok… I’ll have the nurse check on him right away…”

I leave her to summon the nurse and head back upstairs, giving 203 a
wide berth, and down the hall to Darlene’s room, right at the very end.
Knock, and then enter.

***

Dust motes dance in the light through the broken window blinds. The
woman in the ragged armchair offers a warm smile that lifts years from
her face, so that for a moment she almost resembles the vivacious cat
lady from her profile, with hokey sequined sweaters and glossy auburn
curls. But besides the smile, she is so hauntingly different that I
nearly don’t recognize her. Her curls have gone greasy and limp, her
fingernails black with dirt as she picks at her withered skin. “Oh! You
must be Jack. You don’t look at all what I expected.”

“Yeah, I get that a lot.” As a racially ambiguous blasian, I look
nothing at all like “Susan.” I say breezily, “I’m adopted. Mom says hi.
When did your cats start getting sick?”

“Oh… it was…” She trails off, tears welling. “Mickles is already gone…”

“Oh, I’m so sorry…”

She’s already calling for Prometheus, clicking her tongue and waving a
cat treat bag. I step over a spot of vomit when she asks me to check her
bedroom closet, which I do, awkwardly making those pspsps sounds (I’ve
never been a cat person—dogs are just objectively better). I find
Pormetheus hidden deep in the closet, orange and fluffy and growling. He
bites me when I haul him out. “Good looking guy,” I tell Darlene, faking
a smile as I shake my bloody hand. She clucks and tells me to get some
bandages from the bathroom. Then she offers me tea, but I demur and head
for the door, eager to escape the room’s stench of cat piss. Then she
asks a question that gives me pause: “Jack, you’re the one who was in a
coma, right?”

“Uh, yeah…” I’m surprised she remembers that.

“Did you get the flowers?”

“Yes. Thank you.”

“Good.” She smiles. “You’re taking care of yourself? Not making your
mother worry too much?”

“Been trying to be better.”

“Good.” She nods. “She loves you very much, you know.”

I do know, because I wrote all of “Susan’s” communications and got a
kick out of making her everything my real mom isn’t. In reality, there’s
no family in my life. It was Darlene who messaged when I woke up out of
my coma, asking “Susan” for help with a cat rescue. I ended up telling
her how my “son” Jack had OD’d and was recovering in the hospital. And
then Darlene sent flowers. Actual flowers, to real me, and even if it
was under false pretenses, those flowers were the only thing in my
hospital room besides the machines.

And if you want to know, that’s the real reason I’m here now to help her
cat~~s~~.

“You’re a good kid, Jack,” she says.

I tell her that I’ll take good care of Prometheus. She gives me the
saddest look, obviously trying not to cry as I take away the only thing
she loves in that place, and then I shut the door and Prometheus yowls
like I’m breaking his little kitty heart and I’m not crying, you’re
crying.

***

Prometheus continues wailing as I start up the car. Loud, deep, mournful
howls that shake his whole body. “I know, buddy,” I tell him. What a way
to go, eh? How does someone so loving and lively wind up trapped and
abandoned in such a dismal room?

I’m about to start the car but now I’m thinking again about that
resident up in 203. The guy in the wheelchair. Did the staff ever check
on him?

“Not my circus, not my monkeys…” I set the car in reverse.

But then I drop my head back against the headrest. Sigh. Remember how it
feels to be dying alone. Hooked up to machines with no one caring.

Getting those flowers.

Prometheus howls.

If I could translate those howls, they would be, “Alone! Alone! Alone!”

Fuck. Me.

Back outta the car. Already regretting this. Slam door. Already hating
every life choice that led me here. Stride back to the front entrance.
My phone doesn’t get cell reception out here (of course it doesn’t), and
the spotty wifi can make video calls but not regular cell network ones.
Fine. I’ll call the cops once I’m back on the road. But I should make
sure he’s actually dead, so I don’t get accused of being a prankster. To
get help for Darlene and other residents, I need evidence.

Back through the double doors. Fuck me, fuck me. I’ll just get a few
pictures, make a report and keep myself out of it as much as
possible—fake contact info, no follow-up questions, please and thank
you.

Lolita at the front desk smiles and asks if I forgot something. I tell
her I need to ask Darlene about Prometheus’s diet. Then I add, “Hey, did
you check that resident in 203?”

“Oh! Yeah, he’s fine.”

“Really?”

“Uh huh.” Seeing my eyebrows arch toward my hairline, she adds, “Gerard
just needed to be changed—that’s probably the puddle you noticed. He has
kind of a mean stare and can look spooky, but he’s more bark than bite.”

“He didn’t look spooky. He looked dead.”

“He’s just old.” She shrugs apologetically.

Uh huh. And my real name’s Susan. I give her my biggest smile and say,
“That’s a relief. Whew! Guess I’m just not used to old people.” Or dead
people. Which he is, Lolita.

She waves me off and I head upstairs, every nerve tingling at that
familiar rotting odor that clings to my clothes. I pause at the door to
203, which is now closed. Glance up and down the hall. Eavesdrop for a
moment. No sounds. I turn the knob, and it is not locked. I swing it
open slowly and peer inside.

There is no lightt in the room except for the illumination from the open
door, and I almost scream because the beam falls squarely on two
pinpricks of ice blue, staring vacantly out from the darkness.

Jack, have you gone clinically insane? Why the fuck are staff here
telling you this old man is alive when he’s obviously decomposing? What
is going on at this care home?

I do not wish to know the answers to any of these questions. It would be
great to have somebody brave, somebody like maybe say some boys and
girls in blue with lights and sirens and guns come bursting in and wheel
out poor Gerard, maybe with hazmat suits because what is that stuff
leaking under him? That is not him messing himself. That is him he is
fucking liquifying and Jesus fucking Christ, what am I still doing here?
Camera. Hurry the fuck up, Jack. Camera. Before someone notices.
Light—light!

I tap the light switch. It does not work. Of course it doesn’t. Why
would it? Maybe I need to get the lamp cord.

I step over, pull the cord on the lamp on the small table in the
cluttered room with all its old person shit. A warm fuzzy yellow light
illuminates a maggot wriggling in Gerard’s left eye, and I gag, holding
my shirt over my nose with my eyes watering and stomach bucking. Close
the door so no one in the hall notices me—effectively entrapping me in
here with this corpse (great, just great), and then I get out my phone.

Open the camera app.

Creeeeeaaak

Ice claws up my spine, I look over my shoulder and—

“What the fuck?” I whisper.

Was Gerard’s chair… facing me before? Did he… did he just fucking move?

No. Fuck you, Gerard.

Can a dead body move?

“Ohhhhh… fuck me,” I whisper, every muscle taut. Still, I aim the camera
at him and snap pictures. Gerard. The room. A syringe somewhere in the
corner for—medicine, probably. Or poison. Who knows. Just get the
fucking evidence so the cops come and then get out, Jack, get out of
herein the next three seconds and run and never come back.

I’ve got the photos. But… Shouldn’t you, says a small inner voice that I
hate right now, check that he’s actually dead? No, fuck you voice. I
don’t need to check. But of course the clever inner voice that is always
thinking ahead knows that if the cops come and he’s alive they won’t
believe me about Darlene…

And everything in me is screaming that this is a terrible idea, but I
inch closer, hovering my hand under his nostrils because if he’s
breathing I’ll know he’s alive and in this dim light of the lamp I just
can’t telll…

one*, two,* three*… five… ten… twenty seconds…*

No breath.

I reach to check the pulse of his neck—

His hand shoots out, grabbing my wrist.

I scream.

Not a manly scream either. A high-pitched, terrified, totally-lost-it
little girl shriek. Swear to God my soul leaves my body. And then I jerk
back—harder than I intend, and his grip is stronger than I expect, with
the result I actually yank him right out of his chair and onto the
floor. I wrench my arm free and scramble back toward the door. And
Gerard’s head snaps up, that maggot falling out of his melting left eye
(oh God OH GOD OH GOD!), and there is a strange pale light in his pupils
and he lunges, crawling with inhuman speed toward me—

FUCK!

I bolt out the door, slamming it shut and hold it. I think I might have
pissed myself. I sink against it, hyperventilating, and inside hear
creaking as he gets back into his wheelchair. Fuckety fuck fuck…

“Hello?” It is Lolita.

Oh. Hi Lolita. Sorry about the piss. Don’t mind me. I think I am about
to faint.

“H-hey,” I gasp.

“Are you all right? What’s going on?” Her pretty forehead knits in
concern.

“U-um, G-Gerard, uh… wanted to play tag.”

“What?” She opens the door and looks in, and I scramble to the side,
ready for him to leap out and also fully ready to sacrifice her and
shove her into him. (What? She’s clearly braver than I am!) From my
brief glimpse of the interior, Gerard is back in his wheelchair, and
it’s as if he’s never moved. Lolita smiles and waves. “Hi Gerard!”

Gerard does not respond. Girl, he dead. He’s so dead.

She looks at me, looks at my trousers, wrinkles her nose a little.
“Bathroom is down the hall,” she informs me.

“Yeah, uh… yeah, sorry. Um… can I ask… is everyone here, uh, sane?” I
point sort of generally all around, and then at her. “Are you?”

“Am I sane?” She seems amused.

“Uh huh.” It’s a serious question, Lolita.

“I mean, I think so. You’re the one acting strange. Didn’t you just come
to collect Darlene’s cat? Why are you bothering Gerard? You seem… kinda
easily spooked.”

I am not easily spooked. Oh, I’m not saying I’m brave. There is no
universe in which Jack is a hero. But I have been through enough in my
life to have a very keen sense of danger. And only genuinely spooky
things spook me. And also, I know when I’m being gaslit. I wrinkle my
brow and say, “Yeah, uh… I guess so. Welp, guess I’ll be on my way.”

“Don’t forget to sign out,” she adds. Then as I’m down the hall, “Oh!
And if you visit again, make sure to always sign in first, all right?
The nurses might confuse you for a patient if you forget.”

“’Confuse me for a patient’?” I echo. This just keeps getting better.
“So? What are they gonna do, sedate me?”

She giggles.

Fuck me, I’m out. I am done, I am out.

***

When I get home, I open up the photos, fully intending to text them to
the police, and then squint. Swear softly under my breath.

Every single photo is blurred or blacked out. Every. Single. One. You
can’t make out any details. Not Gerard’s dead face or obviously decaying
body or eye maggot or anything. It could be my lens, but—I snap a
selfie, and it comes out clear. Snap a shot of Prometheus yowling. Also
clear. Turn the lights off and snap severel more. All three dim but
clear. But everything inside of Harmony Care Home…

My skin crawls with that unbearable tingle that happens whenever I’m
exposed to something that defies the natural order. The last time I
encountered something like this, it put me in a coma.

So, do the smart thing, Jack. Don’t get involved. Darlene isn’t family.
You don’t have family, remember? Gotta look out for number one. But you
know who does have family? Darlene. Let them take the risk rescuing her.

My inner voice offers cowardly, but sensible, advice. I find Darlene’s
granddaughter, Emma, on Instagram. Message her, telling her to get her
grandmother out of Harmony Care Home, it’s an emergency. She says she’ll
be out tomorrow. Then I call the police. I tell them I saw a patient
assaulted and in need of medical help. His name is Gerard. They need to
bring him to the hospital, and be wary of the staff—they’re covering up
whatever’s going on there. I spend about an hour making all these calls.

And you know what comes of all that?

Nothing.

Absolutely nothing.

The police don’t do a damned thing. Darlene’s family doesn’t pull her
out. She’s still trapped there, frittering away her last days alone.
Nobody visits at Harmony Care Home—I know because I saw the visitor’s
log.

The last name before mine?

Darlene Marie Anderson.

Two weeks ago she wasn’t a resident. She was the most recent previous
visitor.

And unfortunately, for both of us, the only person she has who might be
able to Save her…?

… is me!

Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4 | Part 5 | Part 6
