Carl was dead. He passed in the night, too weak from the cold and hunger
to keep fighting. I couldn’t blame him, I was about ready to go myself.
Cold permeated every molecule of my being. The memory of what warm felt
like had long since vacated my mind. Forming thoughts had become as hard
as moving my fingers, purple from the frostbite that ate away at them.
The only thoughts I still had now were those of hunger. Staring at
Carl’s corpse, it looked less and less like my friend, and more like
another day on this earth.

I lay face down on the stone floor, my head cocked towards what was left
of Carl. His pale gray skin was flaked with ice crystals, his tongue
hanging out of his mouth purple and bloated. I licked my lips at the
thought of biting into it. Aching for the feeling of anything in my
stomach. Anything to fill the void in my abdomen that screamed for food.

“Carl,” I rasped, my throat igniting into hellfire at the effort.

I waited for an answer. My ears straining against the howl of the wind
for a sound. Any proof of life. I closed my eyes against the hunger.

“Ted. You still with me buddy?”

My eyes shot open. I stared at the corpse on the ground before me. His
eyes were still glazed over, tongue still jutting from his mouth like a
plum ripe for the picking.

“Teddy, you did it. You lasted longer than me old friend.”

His voice was as it had been when the blizzard hit. He still had the
SoCal accent with that nasally note snow always gave him. When was the
last time I heard that voice? It had been a couple of days. Or was it
weeks?

“Carl?” I croaked again, the strain almost too much to handle.

“That’s right Ted, your good buddy Carl in the flesh.”

I blinked. His lips weren’t moving, but that was Carl’s voice.

“You won Teddy. You remember our deal? Winner gets to eat the other
person. Winner, winner chicken dinner right, dude?”

As a matter of fact, I couldn’t remember the deal. I couldn’t remember
much of anything since we crawled into the cave. My stomach had resorted
to eating memories, anything to keep going.

I attempted to respond but my throat failed me. Only managing a guttural
moan.

“That’s the spirit! Looks like the Tedster is still kicking. Look, I
don’t want you to die too buddy. No reason for both of us to go, right?”

Carl had a point. He always was the smart one, he had booked the ski
tickets at a steal after all. And why should we both die? God couldn’t
be that cruel right, taking out two friends who went out for a little
fun in the snow? No.

“Now you’re cooking, Teddy. Don’t let me just go to waste, I wouldn’t do
that to you.”

My fingers tensed on their own, twisting into claws against the stone.
My arms pulled. The sound of my jacket scraping the stone and ice filled
my ears as I inched towards Carl. My sense of touch long since killed by
the cold.

“That’s it, Teddy. You’re nearly there.”

My legs followed behind me limply as I drew nearer. Closer to Carl.
Closer to food. The smell of death began to permeate the air. It was
intoxicating, better than any thanksgiving dinner. Every pull towards
his corpse gave me renewed energy. Carl really was a good friend. My
fingers hooked into Carl’s jacket. With one last heave I pulled myself
on top of him, my face pressed into the icy surface of his cheek.

“Way to go Tedster. Hard parts over, claim your prize.”

I licked my lips in anticipation. Slowly forcing my jaw open, my frozen
muscles popping and straining from under use. Lowering my teeth down
until they touched the pale flesh of his emaciated jaw muscle.

“Nice Teddy. Just a little bite.”

My jaw closed slowly like a hydraulic press. My teeth pressed into his
flesh, meeting resistance as the pressure started to grow. The flesh
gave like biting into frozen ice cream. My eyes rolled back into my head
from the pleasure of eating, I had taken eating for granted. It was no
longer a task that had little meaning. I would treasure eating forever,
all thanks to Carl. My jaw slowly closed around the hunk of flesh. I
chewed once. Twice. Then swallowed. A low growl of pleasure escaped my
lips as I felt the flesh slide down into my stomach.

“That a boy, Teddy. Don’t stop now, foods getting cold.”

I started biting and chewing with new ferocity. It was a blur of motion
the cave had not seen since the first day we entered. Primal hunger took
over as I devoured Carl. As I ate the last gift he had ever given me.

I ate Carl over the next few days. Stripping his clothes and layering
them on myself. I didn’t shiver as much anymore. First was all of the
flesh. His face, arms, legs, torso even his butt. Then the soft organs.
His heart was sweeter than anything I have ever eaten. It makes sense,
Carl was a nice guy. By the time I had eaten his trachea, I could stand
and walk freely around the cave.

“Look at you go Teddy! Looking just like Schwarzenegger now,” Carl’s
voice echoed through the cave.

The last thing to eat was Carls brain. I held the rock in my hand, the
sharp edges digging into my palms.

“Waste not, want not, Tedster.”

I wasn’t going to waste any of Carl. The rock echoed off his skull with
a dull crunch. I brought it down again and again until I couldn’t take
it anymore and began tearing his skull apart with my bare hands, the
rock left covered in blood on the cave floor. As I wiped my mouth and
sat back, I looked out of the cave’s mouth. The snow had stopped. How
long ago had it ended? How long was I eating Carl?

I walked out into the gray afternoon, the sun already starting to dip
towards the horizon. Stumbling, I followed it. I walked all night. Night
turned to day, then back to night. I walked knowing if I stopped, I
wouldn’t get back up. The landscape around me was dead and infinite. All
of the trees looked the same, their gnarled branches protruding like
bony fingers down towards me. I walked until my legs gave out, face
planting in the snow. My eyes got heavy as I lay there. My vision
reduced to a pinhole as I drifted off into sleep.

When I awoke, the first thing I noticed was the lack of cold. Warmth? A
rhythmic beeping filled the air as I willed my eyes to show me where I
was. No matter how hard I tried, how many times I blinked, I could only
see white. I groaned, earning a shocked gasp off to my right.

I spent the next 2 weeks in the hospital. I had been missing 3 months
when the park rangers found me. Frostbite had destroyed my fingers, toes
and other patches of skin. My walk through the woods gave me snow
blindness which explained the gauze wrapped over my eyes when I awoke.
Worst of all, I had lost almost 80 pounds. But thanks to Carl, I was
alive.

I was hooked to a feeding tube for those 2 weeks while I recovered.
Doctors said I wouldn’t be able to process solid food for a while after
my stomach had gone so long without it, but I knew that was a lie. When
they released me at the end of two weeks, I was a new man.

The cops asked me questions about what happened. Where had I gone? How
did I survive? Where was Carl? I didn’t answer, unable to remember
anything but the taste of Carl’s flesh. That was something I would never
forget, and something these people wouldn’t understand. Carl had given
me a gift and I wouldn’t waste it locked in a jail cell. They let me go,
and I boarded a plane back to California.

The first thing I did when I got home was stop at my favorite burger
joint. I sat in my car holding the biggest burger they had on the menu.
Real food. I took a big bite and paused, it didn’t have any flavor. I
swallowed the hunk of meat disappointed. Maybe my taste buds hadn’t come
back yet? I ate the burger slowly, sitting in silence. As I took the
last bite, I threw my car door open and vomited all of it back up onto
the pavement. Maybe the doctor was right, I wasn’t ready for solid food
yet.

I returned to my apartment, getting lost a few times along the way.
Sticking the key in the lock and giving it a turn, I saw her. She was
more beautiful than I remembered.

“Ted?!”, her hands shot up covering her mouth as tears flowed over her
cheeks.

“Hey, Jess,” I said hoarsely, tears welling up in my eyes.

She ran over wrapping me in a hug tight enough to split a boulder. Her
words came flowing out like music to my ears. I had made it home, thanks
Carl.

Life returned to some semblance of normalcy. I was fired from my job,
not that I had a desire to work right now anyway. Jess put me on a
liquid diet following the doctor’s orders. The shakes and broths had no
flavor and left me hungry no matter how full my stomach felt. That was
fine for the first week, but the longer I was home the more frustrated I
had become not being able to eat real food.

The only real difference in my life was the dreams. I had 2 recurring
dreams that filled my mind at night. The first, my teeth sinking into
Carl’s flesh. Except in the dream, he was sitting up. His dead eyes
staring into mine while his mouth contorted into a wide smile. His teeth
just a little too sharp, his skin pulled a little too tight.

“That’s right, Teddy, gotta get your strength back buddy,” he would coo
as my teeth ripped and pulled skin and muscle off his bones.

The second dream was something I couldn’t remember seeing. I was walking
through the woods completely nude. Snow and wind whipped past me but I
couldn’t feel the cold. I could hear Carl’s voice through the dead woods
beckoning me closer.

“Here, Tedster, I’m just over here.”

I was trudging through the snow after him. His voice was different. The
accent gone, replaced by a malice I’ve never heard any voice utter. The
voice never got any closer no matter how far I walked. I would call out
for him in the same voice I’d had in the cave. A hoarse croak that
echoed off the trees.

I awoke with a start one night. How long had I been home again? Time was
losing meaning. It’s strange how meals help mark the passage of time. I
reached over placing a hand on Jess. Her soft, warm skin was a comfort.
My stomach growled loudly as I traced the curvature of her arm. Maybe I
could eat real food again. It couldn’t hurt, could it?

I padded softly to the kitchen, making myself a sandwich. Sitting down
at the kitchen table with only the fridge light illuminating me, I took
a bite. Nothing. No taste to speak of. Swallowing, I devoured the
sandwhich savoring the feeling of food going down my throat.

“How’s the sandwich Teddy?”

I froze. Looking around the dark kitchen, searching for the source.
Searching for Carl. I stood up from the table, an intense nausea
flooding my whole body. Running to the guest bathroom, I barely had time
to raise the toilet seat before a spew of greasy black bile erupted from
my mouth.

“Yeah, I was never much of a turkey guy myself,” Carl’s voice echoed
inside the small room.

I heaved until my stomach was empty again. The hunger gnawed at my
stomach like a rabid dog. Flushing the toilet, I sat on the floor and
cried. My back against the wall as I pulled my knees to my chest.

“Aw cheer up, Teddy. At least you got to have it for a little while.”

I looked around again. Alone in the dark, the cold linoleum pressed into
my backside.

“Carl? Where are you?”, I asked quietly.

“Where do you think buddy? I couldn’t let you just leave me in the cave
you know.”

I stood up slowly, backing myself into the corner.

“No, you’re dead. I ate you. You let me live.”

His chuckle filled my ears. My skin went cold, goosebumps covering my
arms. Did Carl chuckle? He always had that stupid laugh that could bring
out a smile even on the worst days. But a chuckle? Unnerved, I went back
to bed. That was the first time Carl talked to me, but not the last.

The next few weeks were Hell. I was starving. Jess left to go to a
conference in LA for work, leaving me all alone. Surrounded by food I
couldn’t eat without throwing up unless it went through a blender first.
The gray sludge in the blender had no taste. It had no substance, no
matter how much I drank I never felt full.

I sat crying in the kitchen floor with the fridge door left wide open.
The shelves were bare as I had blended every morsel of food and consumed
it. Egg, ham, lettuce, cheese, even raw hamburger meat jammed into the
blender and blended to a puree. It didn’t even scratch the hunger within
me.

“Woah, eating for 2 buddy?” Carl’s voice taunted from everywhere.

“Please make it stop,” I sobbed into the empty house.

“Oh I can’t make it stop, Teddy. You made your choice. You have to live
with it”

His voice was different. Sharper. Cruel and cold despite his teasing
words. I hardly noticed, the growl of my stomach louder than the concern
in my head. I crawled over the floor towards the trash can, knocking it
to the floor and spilling its contents. In a frenzy, I began devouring
whatever scraps of food that were left in the bag.

“How the mighty have fallen, Ted.”

I didn’t care what Carl had to say. Shoveling scraps of whatever seemed
edible into my mouth. It had no taste. The familiar feeling of nausea
hit me. I ran to the bathroom, standing over the sink as a black bile
projected out of my mouth. I cried, panting as I fought for breath.
Looking up in the mirror, I froze.

I watched in horror as a piece of intestine quickly retracted from my
open mouth back down my throat. I blinked. My mind must be breaking. The
starvation making me see things. I stared into the mirror. My shirt
moved just a fraction, like a wrinkle releasing from the fabric. I tore
it over my head, staring at my stomach. Watching in horror, the
intestine snaked its way around my bloated stomach.

“I couldn’t let you leave me in that cave, Teddy.”

I was frozen, the only thought filling my head, was the starvation that
racked my body. My eyes fell on my reflection. The eyes in the mirror
were not my own. Sunken into my skull, ringed with black bags from
exhaustion. My hair had thinned, stringy patches where a full head of
brown hair had once grown. The intestine coiling around my abdomen.

“You need to eat, Teddy. You know what you have to eat.”

The intestine continued to coil. I could feel it sliding around my
stomach, stoking the flame of my hunger. I heard the key sliding into
the lock of the front door.

“It’s supper time, Ted,” the words echoing within my very skull. It was
no longer Carl’s voice.

I heard the door open, Jess calling out that she was home. How long had
she been gone. My stomach growled audibly in response.

“Remember our deal, Teddy”

I heard Jess gasp as she entered the kitchen. It’s disarray startling
her

“Ted? Are you here?” She called shakily.

My fingers tensed on their own, contorting into claws.

“Foods getting cold,” the voice whispered within my soul.

I wish I could say I fought it. That I snapped out of it and got help. I
wish I could say I did the right thing. But I didn’t. I sit in the
kitchen typing out this account. By the time you find this post and the
crushed bones of the woman I love, I will be on a plane back to North
Dakota. The hunger is gone for now but it will be back, I can feel it
moving within my stomach now. I won’t let it win again. I’m going back
to the cave, secluded from anyone else who I could hurt. Back to Carl.
Back to where this thing came from. I’m sorry for the mess.
