If you think you’re being haunted by a ghost/or an entity from another
realm, you should never talk about it or the entity might be able to
slip into the physical realm. This belief has been the number one reason
why I haven’t been able to share this experience with anyone before, the
other is that it’s kind of embarrassing to admit that you’re terrified
of a ghost child.

I stopped seeing the ghost of the glass eating child somewhere around my
early 20’s (not sure exactly when she stopped showing up) However, I had
started having these lucid dreams. In my dreams I’d find myself lying
awake in my room and I’d keep hearing a child crying. More specifically,
a female infant. I had no way of knowing its gender but somehow I knew.
And I’d have this burning feeling to comfort her, knowing that only I
could comfort her but I could never find her. We had no infant in our
house and our house was secluded so it wasn’t possible for it to be a
real baby. I remember I’d wake up from these dreams around Fajar. I’d
feel empty and drained, and scared as a child myself.

I never saw the glass eating child again but I’d see other figures in my
house. (I am an introvert so I was often home alone while my family was
gone for long stretches of time) These figures were sometimes an
unusually tall man, and sometimes a young woman in her mid teens. At
this point I was in university perusing my master’s in mathematics. My
grades were getting impacted and I ended up failing a course. (I have
otherwise been a consistently good student)

We had a small incident where one of our rooms caught fire and the whole
house became covered with soot. Me and my two siblings narrowly escaped
the fire that night.(Parents weren’t home) This scared my mom and we
ended houses, and I was feeling somewhat relieved to have left the
terrible visions and the old house behind. Around this time I met my now
husband, we were planning on getting married and were engaged at the
time. I wouldn’t say that these experiences impacted my real life, life
was moving for me just as it would be moving for any other person in
their mid twenties. The. My dreams started becoming stranger. I’d keep
seeing our old house in my dreams and it would be extremely dirty. Bird
shit, feces, garbage piled high. (Our house was never dirty while we
lived there, me and my mom are clean freaks, we kept it spotless) These
dreams were especially disturbing because they felt real and were hard
to wake up from. As in it would take me a while to come back to reality
after I’d wake up from these.

One day my mother told me that our old landlord had called and asked if
we had experienced anything supernatural in the house while we lived
there. She was of course clueless but it turns out that tenants did not
stay long in that house after we left because they said the house was
haunted.

Somewhere between all these events, one of my aunts died during
childbirth. I was convinced (because of the dreams about the infant)
that I was meant to adopt her infant daughter. I was somewhat
financially independent and thought I could raise her. But my mother did
not agree, and a friend talked me iut of it. His arguments were sound,
and my fiancé was also not happy with this decision, so very reluctantly
I had to let her go.

When my masters was completed, I got married. (I won’t mention the exact
year but somewhere around the mid 2010s) Soon we were pregnant with our
first child. My pregnancy was otherwise smooth but pretty late into the
pregnancy I started having panic attacks and the visions returned. My
husband, due to his nature of work, was often gone for weeks at a time.
Nights became terrifying for me. I had never slept with even a night
light, I can only tolerate a dim warm light even while reading, but
during my first pregnancy I’d sleep with the big light on (yes the kind
that makes your house feel like a hospital. I kept seeing the unusually
tall man, sometimes in my room, sometimes looming from the dressing
room. He was now hunched over, as if he had an extreme case of
scoliosis. But he never said anything to me, nor did he ever try to harm
or approach me. But that was only until I was pregnant.

I will post the rest tomorrow.

You can read the first post through the following link.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/yQ9EATWb98
