it was 3:05 AM and I put down my cup of coffee and picked up my phone
while my leg shaked anxiously. i opened snapchat to see “Delivered 2
days” on my main drug dealers snapchat profile. i look down and see the
same thing under all of my backup drug dealers snapchat profiles.
“Fuck!” i shouted out loud, knowing that my stash had run out a few
hours ago. I was desperate, i couldn’t bear the thought of going through
withdrawals. the whole situation was very odd. why did all of my drug
dealers go silent 2 days ago? i put down my phone and was about to reach
for another sip of my coffee when i heard my phone Ding 10 times in a
row from notifications. i instantly picked up my phone and looked at the
notifications. they were from all of my friends who knew that i used.
each message said the same exact thing:

“ yo if ur looking for some 🧊 💨 hit up my boy @pablosells3737 on
snapchat 💯 “

“What the fuck?”i said out loud to myself. i decided to look past the
bizarreness and open snapchat. i typed the username and hit “add
friend”. i was about to place my phone down when i got a notification.
“Pablo added you back! Say Hi” followed by another notification that
read: “Pablo is typing…” followed by “Pablo sent a chat!” I clicked on
the notification and the chat conservation opened up. i saw his message
that read “Yo i have an ounce of crystal for you, i’m on my way right
now. how does 40$ sound?”

“What the fuck? how is he on his way if he doesn’t know my address? and
only 40$ for an entire ounce of crystal? is this guy out of his mind?” i
thought. it seemed way to good to be true, and extremely sketchy at
that. but my addict mind didn’t care about that. i didn’t care if this
was sketchy or risky, all i cared about was getting my hands on the
substance i loved but also hated. “Alright, sounds good.” i responded. a
notification popped up saying that my childhood best-friend who i
occasionally talked to had sent me a chat. i clicked on it to see this
strange message containing an interesting set of rules.

“Hey man, i know it’s been a while. listen, i don’t have much time. i
don’t have time to explain anything, i’m sorry, but this list of rules
can possibly help you make it through the transaction safely.

1.  you must treat him like a human. Pablo is not human, he’s also not
    alien. Pablo is beyond human comprehension, but you must treat him
    like a human. he doesn’t like it when you don’t.
2.  Do not cancel the order. if you already responded to his first
    message, (which i know you did) , there is no turning back. if you
    cancel the order he will envelope your mind with horrors beyond your
    perception.
3.  BE. ON. TIME. this is the most important rule. he will arrive at the
    park in your neighborhood at exactly 3:43:32 AM. it’s best to arrive
    early, because if you are even a nano second late to arrive there,
    it’s over for you.
4.  Do not make eye contact with the person in the passenger seat of
    Pablo’s vehicle.
5.  you must Give him a vial of Human blood. it is his favorite
    pleasure.
6.  The Being in the back seat will try to start conversation with you.
    do not engage or give it any reaction. completely ignore it.
7.  Make sure the money you hand him is folded in half. this is a very
    important rule, if you don’t do this, serious consequences will
    follow.
8.  do not give pablo any type of thanks. simply take the substance.
9.  immediately turn around so your back is facing pablo. close your
    eyes and count to 30. during this time the being, the passenger, and
    pablo will simultaneously try to get any type of verbal sound out of
    you. Do not give in. stay completely silent for the 30 seconds.
10. Walk home as fast as you can and never look behind you. once you
    make it in the front door you are safe.
11. Block Pablo on snapchat, and block every single friend that
    reccomended Pablo to you. after this, you are done with the
    transaction. congratulations. “
