…but I’d just spent a couple of hours, sitting on the beach, waiting for
the instructor to shout my name. When he did, I was supposed to swim out
to the buoy, drop to a depth of about 15 feet, find the unresponsive
diver, and then bring them up to the surface to perform CPR. Simple,
right?

Only, the instructor was busy talking up a girl instead of doing his
damn job. Some of us hadn’t finished the test and about 10 of us were
still out in the water including my older sister. There were about six
or seven of us left, and I was getting tired, sitting there under the
sun and fidgeting with my medallion of St. Brendan the Voyager, waiting
for my turn.

Finally, I walked over to the instructor, this thin, wiry guy with curly
hair and leather skin from too many years in the sun. He seemed more
interested in the teenage girls in my class and kept acting like
teaching teenagers was beneath him.

“Did my sister come up?” I asked. He didn’t look too pleased at being
interrupted, but honestly, screw him. I didn’t care. He was supposed to
be testing us, supervising us or something, but he’d been hitting on
Suzie this whole time.

“She’s in the water,” he said. “It’s her turn to play victim. Go rescue
her, dude, you’re up.” Then he went back to Suzie, not even timing me or
anything.

I was pissed. I didn’t see the other two assistants, but they were
probably down there, evaluating us and doing his job.

I adjusted my weight belt and Buoyancy Control Vest, slipped my fins on
in the shallow water (because you don’t want to be on the beach in those
things), and walked backwards into the surf. When it finally reached my
chest, I kissed the medallion my mother had given both me and my sister,
turned and swam for the buoy.

The water was choppy, and I found myself seesawing on the swells,
getting seasick. The red and yellow dive buoy kept disappearing too, so
I kept my head down while I snorkeled and scanned the seabed.

When I popped my head up again to track my progress, the buoy was gone.
I mean just swallowed. I felt lost without a marker between me and the
horizon, but when I turned back, I saw the beach and settled down a bit.
It was further out than I thought, but still reachable. I could swim
back if I had to, but now I started wondering if a current had pulled me
off course. Riptides terrified me.

Finally, I spotted the buoy with its red flag and white stripe bobbing
in and out of sight, warning boaters we were diving. Here’s the thing,
though. The buoy looked faded and further out than before. This time I
kept it in sight as I swam. Nausea kept hammering me, but I wasn’t going
to lose track of it again.

As I got closer, I realized it looked strange. It was encrusted with
barnacles, and the red and white paint was flaking off in places. It
didn’t look this old or worn from shore, but I dismissed it.

I pressed the purge valve and released the air from my vest. The weight
belt did the rest, and I sank below the waves, dropping into the warm
depths. It’s really comfortable down there, when sound gets muffled, and
you can just hear your own breathing through the regulator. I had good
visibility, probably out to about 50 feet easily, but for some reason, I
couldn’t spot the seafloor. It was supposed to be about 20 feet under
me, but the depths just faded off into murk.

I followed the buoy’s nylon line, wondering if a current had pulled it
off the mark, and kept expecting the seafloor to appear. I should have
hit bottom, but after a moment, the red in my vest started turning
black. That meant I was past 20 feet, I think, where the water absorbed
red from natural sunlight. It felt like my visibility had just gotten
cut in half.

I checked the dual dials on my line gauge for my air pressure and depth,
but the needles on both were swinging back and forth wildly. I started
to panic… I could hear it in my breathing, my regulator hissing on each
inhale and bubbles flushing on my exhale. I had to slow down. I was
already an air hog, gulping down more air than other divers, but this
felt really, really wrong. I tried to force myself to slow down, but I
just kept thinking: Bail, you gotta bail.

I flooded my vest with a bit more air, trying to level out to give me
time to think, but I was still sinking. I could no longer see the
surface… my visibility was down to about 10 or 15 feet.

I couldn’t be past 50 feet, could I? I was only rated to Open Water
limits—about 60 feet—so I swallowed a gulp of air and reached for the
left shoulder strap on my vest, pulling on the oral inflation tube. I
removed the regulator from my mouth with one hand and blew into the tube
with the other, switching back and forth, trying to manually inflate the
vest, desperate to stop sinking. I started kicking and trying to
breaststroke my way up by force, but I was breathing harder, struggling
not to panic as the yellow strips on my line gauge turned dark grey.
Yellow faded out after 60 feet, I think. I was deeper than I’d trained
for and I was still dropping.

Screw it, I thought, and pulled the buckle on my weight belt. It’s what
kept me just heavy enough to sink slowly. It snapped free and I watched
it tumble away into the darkness below.

I hovered there for a moment, no longer pulled down, but surrounded by
the green murk of particulates and floating silt, my only lifeline to
the surface a thin nylon rope connected to the buoy.

That’s when I started scanning the green abyss that swirled around me.
It was agitated, a sluggish dust storm underwater. That happened when
divers kicked off from the bottom and disturbed the sediment, but this
was somehow… beautiful. I felt calmer, staring at the patterns that
flowed and shifted, like the currents were a painter’s brush and I was
watching a master at work. It felt like I was drifting, falling into a
slumber. I think my eyes even closed because when I opened them again…

…I was floating there with the other divers from my class, all of us
suspended and floating in this slow churning green tornado of silt and
luminescence. It felt warm and calm, and I knew I could just close my
eyes and-

-this is wrong. That’s what popped into my head. I struggled to focus
properly and shook my head hard. I don’t know why I reached for the
medallion. Maybe it was a nervous tic when I got scared, or instinct,
but whatever was soothing me into sleep lifted just a bit, enough to
shake myself awake. We were slowly sinking, being pulled down into the
depths. It was peaceful down there, and I had to shake it off.

I saw four others in the spiral, but no assistant instructors. I
recognized my sister by her long brown hair bundled in a ponytail.
Bubbles flushed from her regulator, but two others were floating with
their heads down, no bubbles. I kicked hard toward my sister and shook
her by the shoulders, but her eyes closed almost as soon as they opened.
She wasn’t wearing her medallion, she must have left it home, so I
pulled mine off and pressed it against her arm. Her eyes opened and then
went wide in shock. She started to panic, but I shook her, got her calm,
and then dragged her over to a third diver who was still breathing. It
was Jack, an older teen in our class, and the minute we touched him with
the medallion, he woke up.

The last two divers were dead… they’d run out of air, and I don’t know
how much any of us had left.

We didn’t see any of the others, no bubbles were floating up from below.
I couldn’t find the nylon rope of the buoy, so I pointed us to swim out
of the vortex first. At the edge of it, just for a second, I felt
resistance, something pushing against me like a skin or some kind of
surface tension, but once we were out of it, we started ascending,
slowly, rising up into warmer and clearer waters. On the last half of
it, Jack ran out of air, and I shared my regulator with him, buddy
breathing on the way up and holding him by the vest to keep him close.

We lost six classmates and two assistant teachers on that dive; their
bodies were never recovered, and the instructor was brought up on
charges of negligence, and convicted. As for what we saw, they said we
were all probably suffering from nitrogen narcosis, which can cause
hallucinations and euphoria, enough to make a diver pull off their own
mask and regulator, but I don’t buy it. I know what I saw. Something was
down there.

My sister and I don’t talk about what happened, but we both kept our
medallions of St. Brendan with us ever since.
