My heart sunk as soon as I saw the message.

Hey hun!! Long time no talk! How are you? 🤗

I have a question 🙋‍♀️ for you 🤓 How would you like to retire by 30?! 🏖️
I just started with this new boss 👩‍💻 and it’s an AMAZING source of
income!! 🤑 I could get you in on it! 😜😜😜

I hadn’t talked to Kelly since high school, and even then, she was a
royal bitch to me. We mostly ran in different circles, but she never
passed up a good opportunity to get a zinger in about my weight.

And now she was trying to rope me in to her multi-level-marketing /
pyramid scheme?

Oooh, I could have fun with this.

Hey Kelly! I began to type. How are you girl?! 😍😍😍 I’m so glad you
contacted me! I was JUST thinking of contacting you because …

I paused at the keyboard, thinking through my options.

I’m writing a book on how to eliminate feminine odor!! I thought you’d
be the PERFECT reader, given your history!

Stifling giggles, I hit send.

Okay. I have to admit, that was pretty immature. I’m almost thirty. I
should have more class. But, man, did it feel good.

I got up and poured myself a glass of wine, not expecting her to reply.
But when I got back to the keyboard, there was an answer.

Sure I’ll read your book! I’m sure it’s great 🥰 But would you like to
hear👂about working for me? 💰👩‍💻💰I swear you won’t regret it!!

My smile faded a little. Wow—she must really be desperate for money. I
navigated to her profile on Facebook while the Messenger chat window was
still open, and clicked on her profile picture.

She looked different. Older, of course, but also… worn down. She wasn’t
wearing makeup—in high school, she wore so much she could be a
Kardashian—and deep bags sat under her eyes. I noticed that her profile
no longer listed a relationship status. Did Brian leave her?

I couldn’t help it. I’m a very sympathetic person. Even though this girl
was super mean to me in high school, I felt bad. She looked like a shell
of her old self in those photos. Maybe it wasn’t her fault—maybe she’d
gotten hit with cancer or illness. Maybe Brian turned out to be a
cheating scumbag.

Maybe this was her, earnestly, trying to pick herself back up.

Ok, I definitely don’t want to work for you, sorry. I’m all too familiar
with pyramid / MLM schemes. But if you have any products you’re selling,
I’ll take a look.

Against my better judgement, I hit send. It wouldn’t kill me to buy
something… well, actually, given the class-action lawsuits against quite
a few MLMs, maybe it would. Still. I’d be willing to throw in $10 for
some shitty product if it would help her. She really did look terrible.

I watched as three little dots appeared. She was typing.

It’s barely work, it’s fun! 😜😜🤪 And you’ll get so much money! 🤑💰 So
what do ya say?? YES?? 🙏

Okay. My sympathy was gone. I’d extended a hand and she was just
tromping all over it. Sorry. I’m not interested*,* I wrote back.

I leaned back and took a long sip of wine. But no familiar pings sounded
from my computer; she wasn’t chatting back. That surprised me. Was it
really that easy? Just say no and they’re gone? Man, I’d have to
remember that for next—

Tap-tap-tap.

Three short knocks at my front door.

I jumped and nearly sloshed wine all over myself. Setting down the
glass, I slowly pulled myself up on the sofa, staring at the front door.
It’s almost 10—who’d be coming by this late?

Ping.

I glanced at my computer—to see a new message from Kelly.

Three words that made my blood run cold.

Answer the door.

I glanced at the door. Then back at the chat screen. I grabbed my phone
and darted into the hallway, then backed into my bedroom and locked the
door.

Shit kelly, are you outside my front door right now?!

Three dots. And then the response:

Answer the door.

No. It can’t be her. She has no idea where I live. I swallowed and
looked down at the phone. This was too far. I hadn’t seen Kelly in more
than a decade. The last I heard, she’d still lived in our hometown, over
a hundred miles away.

This is insane.

What tf is wrong with you?!, I typed, my thumbs racing across the
screen. You can’t just come to my house! Get OUT of here, NOW!! I crept
over to the window and parted the blinds, peering outside. I couldn’t
see the entire porch from this angle, but I could see the steps and the
sidewalk.

And the long shadow falling over them, cast by the porchlight.

She was still there.

Ping. I looked down to see the same three words. Answer the door.

Go away NOW*,* I wrote back, my thumbs slipping over the screen. Please.

Tap-tap-tap. Ping. Answer the door.

I sucked in a breath, my hands shaking. I’d seen a car parked further up
my street when I got back from work. Was that her?! Had she been
stalking me all day? And why me? I hadn’t seen her in so long. She was
the bully—I never wronged her. There were dozens of people who’d crossed
her in high school, and I wasn’t one of them. I mainly ignored her and
took out my anger on video games and bad goth poetry.

I swear, if you’re not gone in five minutes I’m calling the cops, I
wrote back. And my boyfriend is super pissed and will chase you out of
here personally if the cops don’t come in time, I added.

If she was watching me, she probably knew that was a lie. But whatever.
Hopefully it would scare her enough to leave.

Three dots appeared on the screen.

And then they disappeared.

I peered through the blinds and watched as the shadow shifted. She’s
leaving. Thank God. I let out a shaking breath, lowering my phone—

I froze.

The person leaving my porch wasn’t Kelly.

It was a man, tall and broad, wearing dark clothing. A hoodie, pulled
tight over his head. A white plastic mask.

A baseball bat hung from his hand.

But he didn’t walk towards the street. Instead, he began walking around
the side of the house. I held my breath as he disappeared around the
corner.

Fuckfuckfuck. He’s going to break in.

I immediately swiped out of messenger and called 911.

Thirty seconds later, I was assured by the operator that the police were
on their way. But they were ten, maybe fifteen, minutes out. With
shaking hands, I swiped back over to the chat window.

There was a new message from Kelly.

If you do not answer the door, we will come in by force.

THE POLICE ARE ON THEIR WAY, I typed back. AND MY BOYFRIEND’S GETTING
HIS SHOTGUN FROM THE CLOSET.

Three dots. And then the heart-stopping reply:

You don’t have a boyfriend.

No, no, no. I ran into the closet and pulled the doors over me. WHAT DO
YOU WANT?? I typed. WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS??

The response came quickly.

The Dark Lord needs the blood of a virgin.

And we all know you’re too fat to get laid.

What the fuck? So Kelly had gone insane. Like, batshit insane. And now
she had… what… hired her boyfriend to break into my house and get my
blood? For some cult or imaginary dark lord?

Another message popped up.

If you just agreed to join, we could’ve done this the easy way.

And then, an instant later—the sound of breaking glass.

My entire body froze. I held my breath. The closet was too warm.
Suffocating. Please, just tell him to go, I typed back. If you just get
him to leave, I won’t tell the police. And my blood won’t even work,
because I’m not a virgin. So please, just stop this. This is crazy. Do
you really want to go to jail? You or your boyfriend?

Three dots appeared.

Footsteps sounded inside the house. Getting louder.

But then, another sound. Sirens, in the distance. Growing louder.

The dots disappeared.

I didn’t move until the police were shouting through the door, asking me
to open up. I would’ve just stayed in the closet until they actually
lifted me to safety, but I didn’t want them to break down the door—I was
too broke to replace it. So I crept out into the hallway and then
sprinted for my life to the door.

The police took fingerprints and studied the evidence, but the man
seemed to be wearing gloves. None of the evidence led them to a suspect.

I handed over the messages from Kelly, but by the time the police got
there, she’d fled. She’s probably somewhere across the country by now,
changing her name, trying to find a new victim.

Or, maybe she’ll keep coming after me.

Because I received one final message from Kelly’s Facebook account,
before it was deactivated. Four words. Plus an emoji.

Catch ya later, hun 😜
