A classmate of ours fell ill, as the teacher declared. Thus my class was
told to prepare some well-wishing gifts for her.
(And the homework she missed the past week.)

Allie, being the class president, had to go. I volunteered, since no one
else did and there were two giant barely liftable overflowing bags of
gifts to carry.

So there I was, witnessing my dear friend lift both bags in one hand
like they were papier-mâché, in a suit of all things. 
Her other hand was empty, yet was only used to motion for me to reach
for the doorbell. With a little smirk on her face.

I clutched my protection amulet while my other hand pressed the
doorbell. Heavens above… 

The amulet bursts. What is that in front of you?
…what?

The Kaneshiro mansion was stand-alone, placed somewhat far from
civilization, the general design betraying its age. 
Of course, the walls were clean and freshly painted; the rooms were
illuminated warmly; the lawn was mowed and the doorbell rang clearly.
Just an ordinary household.

“We are here to wish our classmate well,” my friend chirped sweetly, “if
you wish, please let us in.”

The front door swung open, revealing a lean figure, the parental
resemblance with her daughter obvious. Same silver hair, same purple
eyes, same sharp face- but this one had a warm smile.

“You two must be tired, coming here so late,” he said. “Come in and have
some tea.”

The mansion’s guest room resembled that of a luxury hotel, complete with
cameras about everywhere. He went into the kitchen while we took out and
arranged the gifts on the table, placing a few bottles of mineral water
on a wood-and-marble chair.
(There was a family picture, a single parent and two kids, that we
didn’t dare touch.)

Most of them were bottles of cordial or tins of powdered milk with
‘get-well-soon’ cards attached.
Someone brought an entire 24-book set of classic novels. Someone that I
was staring at.

Allie was fidgeting a scalpel; of course she’d bring one even here. Her
left hand remained still.
“She seemed the type.” 

I gave up and reached for my phone. “Weekly News: Global Mechanicals has
just released the Mark-I android caretaker,” powered by a glorified
chatbot- no point using valuable processing power for this, I assume,
“the pressure is now on Cyberdyne to catch up.”
About time.

Now, our classmate… didn’t like to blend in with others. Ever since she
transferred here three years ago. She walked alone, had her meals alone,
sat alone in the library, never tried to make any friends. I was about
the only person that knew anything about her, and it was clear that she
didn’t trust me with much.

What was also clear was how she had looked… nervous the past week. Her
eyes already had bags, but they were now obvious.
 
A police car drove into campus for some scam awareness campaign, and she
jumped out a window and tried to make a run for it. I tried to advise
her to see the counsellor, and she left without a word.
That was when she fell sick and went on leave.

When I relayed this to Allie she looked as if she had just figured out
relativity. Before she could say anything, however, our host returned
with two cups of tea and a plate of butter cookies, all smelling
delightful. They were warm, even, who even made cookies this late at
night?

I reached for a swirl-patterned-

Your eyes are still wide open, staring at nothing. Allison pockets her
blood-stained scalpel, closes your eyes, and calls the police.
“I’ll pass, thanks.”

Our host looked at me incredulously. “You’ve made quite a journey here,
you know. Are you sure you don’t want anything?”
“I’m not hungry, thanks.” What could he have added in those cookies…?

“Also,” noted Allie, sipping her tea, “we did make most of said journey
by car anyway.” She eyed my cup, since I had no chance of drinking that
either.
Our host looked saddened- it’s clear that someone put effort in that
plate, I almost went for one out of politeness- but he got up and walked
away.

As soon as the last of his footsteps echoed away, someone leaned into my
ear-
“Thallium.”

—

What did we do to deserve this? Why did he want us dead? We haven’t even
met until now. My parents aren’t powerful enough to earn anyone’s ire.
… the person mad enough to kill strangers had a child. Heavens above,
what has her life been like until then? Did he hide himself enough to
give her a normal life, or…

The sound of flesh separating. I couldn’t help but stare while Allison
inspected the internal components of her arm, fiberglass and fluid pipes
plucked aside to reveal a mess of frayed, sparking wires- the suit
cloaked over her left. A blue-splattered scalpel pulling the other wires
carefully aside.

“Five days ago,” she began, “a homeless man went- warning, left wrist
joint servo unresponsive- missing. He was reasonably known around where
I live, a kind old lad that sold donated bottles of mineral water and
told people tall tales about his past…
“Please pass me the napkin box; something- warning, fluid damage- this
arm will have to be handled in a hazmat suit,” she sighed, collapsing on
the couch, while I drew out a few paper napkins. 

“…as such, a concerned citizen called the police. The alleyway he
sometimes slept in had no cameras- there was nothing there to steal
anyway. They could not find anything, and he was eventually forgotten.” 
This was said with the tone of “class starts tomorrow”. 
But it was clear where she was going.

“The same type of mineral water as provided here?”
She wrapped a rubber band tightly around her arm, until the skin around
it whitened. “That might have been a coincidence. Kameshiro-san running
from sirens might have been a coincidence…
“…about that, the old man had, in the months before disappearing, talked
about a fellow homeless woman also vanishing. Make your conclusions.”

It was as obvious as it was horrible. “Why?” I went for the door, but
she grabbed my hand.
“People do that, I guess. There is no point in running anyway, notice
the cameras.”
“Allie, you might be reasonably skilled with that blade of yours,” I
noted, “but I’m defenseless. What do you think we do anyway?”
She tossed me… a dart gun. A bright red dart gun with the point jutting
out the barrel. 
I should stop being surprised.

“As the saying goes…” she pocketed the scalpel, jumping out the couch,
“the only way out is through. This will certainly be a fun night.”
I kept staring at her.
My amulet was vibrating?

Was there someone at the staircase?

“Come on, I will be covering you.” She walked away. “Note to self: get
an arm panel-”

—

-and a new face, apparently, as a leg somehow materialized into it, the
rest of the attacker brushing past me. Sending her flying straight onto
the floor, tumbling. Unmoving.
My body reacted before I could, raising the dart gun. “Who are you?”

The attacker wore a black, long-sleeved shirt with long-sleeved pants.
Their head was covered by a motorcycle helmet, and they held a small
silver revolver to my face.
I gripped my weapon like my life depended on it. Which it did. “Why are
you doing this? We didn’t do anything to you, did we?”

They slowly tightened their grip on the trigger. Their hand was…shaking-

They disappeared, revealing an Allison charging forward knife first- I
dove to the ground, weapon trained, as she stabbed into the couch. 

The scalpel was positioned right at the attacker’s throat.
The attacker’s height… that figure, even… familiar. Too familiar.

Why did you do this…? We were here to bring you gifts, even.

Allie slowly got up, half her face a torn mess of artificial muscle, an
eye dangling from wires, the other glowing red. That was just a kick,
wasn’t it? Did the intruder tape sandpaper to her boots?
“Baseline human,” she groaned. “I was just ambushed by a baseline human,
of all things.”
I had to ask. “‘Baseline’? What ‘baseline’ pops in and out of existence?
You had less than a second to-”

“It does not matter.” She cut the dangling eye, ignoring yet another
error warning, and drew a second dart gun. A blue one. “My instincts are
beyond what is possible for humans, I was on edge at the time- and she
still got the drop on me. It was like she did not exist before her foot
connected.”
…but my amulet picked up on the attacker. 

I took it off. “This might help.”
“Save it for yourself,” she pushed it back, saying, hand stained blue.
“It will probably save your life tonight.”
“Since I can’t defend myself,” I argued, “anything that helps you also
helps me.”

“Do you think that she-” She? You managed to figure it out as well? “-is
the only problem in this house? You are smart, figure it out yourself.”
Allie walked towards the other direction.
…hey! I’ve just nearly died to my classmate-turned-assassin and her
father just now- forgive me if my brain wasn’t thinking clearly enough!

…her hands shook. She recognised me- or perhaps she simply wasn’t
prepared to kill yet- but she still tried to pull the trigger. What even
was she doing this for?
Her father? Perhaps he somehow convinced her that it was for some
greater good. What greater good, then…?

—

It might be time to explain what the italicized text was. I have the
power to see into other timelines, usually bad ones to be avoided, by
touching something related to said timeline.

It does require heavy concentration, however-
-or it could just fire at will. Usually during imminent danger.

Anyway, the halls. For such a large house there’s a surprisingly low
amount of activity there- no sounds of people anywhere, nothing out of
place- certainly most people will eventually be too lazy to put even
just one thing back, shoes or clothes or books.

It’s almost as if no one lived there.

Allie walked in front of me, because “I can be rebuilt; you can’t”. And
because she had infrared sensors despite not being military. I’m not
complaining- that vision showed my head being cut off despite our
attacker not blinking in. She used a gun, didn’t she?

Should I call the cops? A brief discussion later, we’ll do that when we
have further proof. Otherwise they’d send, what, two unarmed officers?
Who’d die?

The rooms were all locked. While we have already made enemies of the
mansion’s residents, but somehow it felt weird to kick in the doors. The
kitchen provided us with a few knives and not much else, Allie picking
up and feeling the weight of their fork collection before pocketing
them.
“Upwards or downwards?” she asked.
I didn’t reply.
“Upwards it is.”

Upwards was a small staircase, unlit, decorated with more pictures of
happier times. I turned on the lights, just to be safe. Kame-san never
told me about having a sister- she’s always called herself an only
child. 

But the pictures stopped at around-

Allie suddenly stopped- gleaming in the light was-
My amulet went off again. I hastily grabbed the railing to avoid falling
over.
-glass wire. Why did she even have glass wire of all things? Where were
they even attached to?

There she was again, standing below us. Saying nothing.
I drew one of the kitchen knives and slashed at the wire. The knife
broke.
Allie did the same with her left pinky. In the silence I could hear
coolant dripping. “I did not even use much force…”

Well, we were trapped. If she drew her gun we weren’t running.

…now might be the only time.

I stared her down as she reached into her pockets: 

“Kane-san?”

She stopped.
Took off her helmet- some part of me held out hope- silver hair, purple
eyes, sharp face twisted in shock.
Then sighed before taking her gun out anyway. “I have to do this. I have
to.”

“We have not guessed any of your secrets,” Allie called out. “If you
could just let us go, we can-”
A round went straight into her face- it was less loud than I thought- a
gas gun?- she nearly fell over, but grabbed the railing just before
that, slumping to the floor.
“I had to,” Kaneshiro said softly, hand shaking slightly. “You cannot be
allowed to leave this building alive.”

“You could as well tell us why!” I replied. “Is this some gangster’s
hideout? A government facility? Why invite us here then? You don’t have
to remain alone!”
She remained silent.

Why did my amulet react to an otherwise ordinary target? Who other than
you and your father live here? When did you start killing people, how
many, where did they go?
Where, exactly, is your sister…?

These I could not ask, for one reason or another.
I felt tears flow down my cheek. We’re still trapped here, anyway, no
way to escape with what we have on hand. Perhaps if I had a lighter, or
a bottle of acid…

“I’m finished…”

Kane-san? What are you saying?

“That android,” she pointed at Allie, “has been masquerading as human
for… three years, minimum? No flaws. No tells- someone must have put
effort to making-”
Said android struggled to get up. “-‘her’, thank you very much.”

“I’ve- we’ve earned that person’s ire. They’re going to destroy us,
that’s for sure! All our plans… all for her… gone… we hid so well…”
Her? Your sister, perhaps?

(Honestly, I’ve never thought about that. I’ve known Allie since
childhood- it’s easy to forget her background.)

Then she disappeared, just like that.

—

We’re still trapped in that staircase. Allie tried to pry the wires off
from their connecting points. She got one- the thing sprung into her
face.
“…are you OK?” “…it works, at least. Stand back.” She raised her left
arm to cover her face-

-an arm that more or less ceased to exist by the time we reached the
second floor.

I finally called the police. On one hand they didn’t immediately brush
me off- “what if that wasn’t a prank call”, I guess- but…
“It’ll take quite a bit of time for anyone to show up…” the operator had
said. “ten minutes at least.”
…how long had it been since we arrived?

Her left arm hung limply, dripping blue on the floor with every step.

Where had Kane-san even teleported to? Was there a chance that she was
in one of these rooms?
How did her ability even work, anyway? Line-of-sight? Mental image? Was
it even teleportation, even-

“Tell me why you think they are doing this.” My thoughts broke and I
nearly jumped. The slightest hint of distortion tinged her voice, not
yet enough to be unintelligible.

The pictures stopped at when Kane-san was twelve. Not a single spot out
of place in the giant mansion. “All for her”- but how? How does killing
people somehow help the younger Kaneshiro, whatever happened to her? 

“…would she have wanted this?” I asked. “What probably happened was a
tragedy, sure… but why?”
“Think about it,” Allie replied. “Protection amulets are meant to deal
with the supernatural. Perhaps they knew of… technological ways to their
problem- but perhaps the cause of her untimely demise…”

Surely, I thought, they couldn’t have been desperate, insane enough to
do… whatever Allie was suspecting them of doing.
But I have never lost anyone close to me… how would I know…

“I knew her for three years. I should have done something.” I should
have been there. I should have told her to see a counselor, perhaps.
Share her grief, perhaps. Guided her off this track.
“Tell me what you could have done,” she said, “not suspecting a single
thing about her.”
“She was aloof. Never really played along with anyone. She tried to run
from the police. I should have known-”

“Cold people automatically have dark secrets, apparently,” she
interrupted, turning around. “The deaths- if they did die- of those
people have nothing to do with you. You did try to help, as you have
always done. 
If anything, I could have noticed. But by the time anything was
obvious…”

She sighed, grabbing my shoulder, her one glowing eye staring into me.
“You cannot help someone that refuses it. Dragging her kicking and
screaming into the counselor’s office would have made her hate you, and
you would have died on that staircase. I am not good at giving
eulogies.”

We entered one of the rooms. The door wasn’t even closed- which wasn’t
an invitation to barge in, but they wanted us dead anyway.
Or perhaps we shouldn’t enter? Maybe she’d be less willing to- never
mind.
The sound of someone jumping out the window.

Like everything else, the room was spartan. One hard blanketed bunk bed,
one table- neatly ordered, some books, a closet. A toy box left unused,
dusty- the only colorful thing that I could see.
A rack on the wall holding a few guns, each shined so regularly they
hurt to look at. The drawer contained a stone-looking amulet, more glass
wire- and a lighter.

—

“Allie?” I asked. “Do you think that Kane-san… can be…”
“Again, it depends. Kaneshiro looks as if she is already doubting her
actions- this is the hardest part done.”

Leaning into her ear, I asked: “Do you think she can hear us?”
I got a simple nod in reply. “Tell me what kind of being you think her
father is working with.”
“I’ve zero knowledge of the type of deities that would do any such
thing!”
“Splendid, nor do I. Perhaps we shall have to find out elsewhere-”

The doorway was strung with wire once more. I took out the lighter as
slow footsteps rang out- in the room.
“Congratulations for coming this far…” Kane-san’s hollow voice declared.
“…but tonight this shall be your resting place.”

Why?

“We will go missing in your house,” Allie noted, “and then the police
will naturally suspect you.”
“We- we can restart,” Kane-san said. “Just need to be more careful, but
we can do it.”
“The police are coming. I hope you can-”

A gunshot rang out, and she collapsed to the floor. And another, and
another.
“Of course I heard you call them!” Kane-san yelled, voice trembling. “We
could just burn this house down- father’s probably packing right now!
And you two can be… 
“can… be…”

I stepped in front of her weapon, and grabbed it. It still had two
shots, but somehow…
She is wearing a black long-sleeved shirt. There are tears in her eyes.
You attack her. She vanishes. Your head falls off-

“…you won’t do it.”
She pulled the trigger.

The round brushed near me, and hit the wall.
“You want to know why?” I asked. “Because you are not irredeemable. You
can still-”
“I’ve killed five people. I’m too far gone.”

“The fact that you consider yourself irredeemable proves that you’re
not!” I argued. “Morality still exists within you-”
“But I still did it anyway!” she cried. “I’ll be lucky if I’m not
hanged, but her… she was only five, we- we could give her to relatives,
a chance at a normal life-”

“If you succeed.”
Allie wasn’t getting up, only her voice was working. “If you succeed- of
course, we shall all give her a chance. How one was born should not
influence how they grow, after all- but if. 
“The police are coming in ten minutes- I do not think you want your
friend’s blood on your hands-”

“No. No, no, no, no!” she collapsed. “I should have killed you both when
I had the chance! I should have… I…
“I couldn’t, could I? I saw the only person that tried to be my friend,
and I hesitated-”

The figure on the ground stirred. “Do not say that like it was a
weakness, Kaneshiro-”

“-Our plans. Years of planning, of murdering, of- of everything. All for
nothing, nothing, nothing. She’s…not waking up, is she?”
Tears rolled down her face.
“I’m a failure…”

I knelt down, only to realize that I didn’t bring anything to wipe tears
with. 
“… I should have been there… when that car…”
“It wasn’t your fault… you shouldn’t have had such a responsibility at
that age.”
“I didn’t notice! I thought I could… I just wanted to see her again… I
just wanted to apologize-”

—

Her phone rang. The caller ID said “Father”.
Allie stumbled towards us. “Give me that.”

The call was connected.

A cold, sneering voice immediately came out: “You idiot.”
“Father-”
“You are no child of mine. What now? We’ve targeted people that the
police would focus on; they’re going to arrest us, you
good-for-nothing-”

Allie snatched the phone away. “-a term that suits you more. Your
younger daughter is dead, mister, and there is nothing that will bring
her back. You could have-should have put your love on your eldest-
instead she was trained to be a killer.”
“Nothing?” He suddenly laughed. “Oh, how naive you are. I have found a
way- I can raise her right this time. All alone, of course, away from
all those prying eyes.”
“…alone. You do have a- why are you chanting-”

Perhaps the threat of dying finally ignited my brain, but

They got hasty and tried to kill us, despite only taking five lives in
six years- homeless people that no one would have cared about. Why?
Perhaps they were on a time limit-

“The basement!” shouted Kane-san, snatching the lighter from me and
running towards the door.
I grabbed a pistol and helped Allie up. 
“…so there was a basement,” she chuckled, taking another.

Out the hallway, down the staircase, where we had to stop while the wire
there was cleared out. My amulet was vibrating and jumping around, there
was a glowing dark red from beneath the tiles. When did they set up such
a thing?

“This somehow escaped me,” Allie noted, “when this is over you will tell
me how.”
Kane-san couldn’t open the hatch. Her father was the only person who
could.

He wants to kill us. What is he doing so with? He’ll have to come out at
some point- 
“-but if he’s got some sort of spell-”
“-he would have done it long ago- but perhaps this is a last ditch
effort-”

The thing swung open, and we fired. Kane-san caught the hatch before it
closed, while the silver-haired figure fell back down with a thump.
I fired down the hatch again before climbing down, Allie not following
as she couldn’t really move that well.

—

There was a glowing fissure in the ground. Naked corpses floated around
it, all middle-aged people that weren’t well treated in life.
Mr. Kaneshiro clutched a dagger- a dagger! You’re having your daughter
run around with gas guns and razor wire, so whatever you’re doing
doesn’t need the dagger to draw first blood. A dagger! I tried to pull
the thing out of his grip, but it was impossible.

I did not want to go anywhere with him behind me, so… “Kane-san?”

About half a second later I realized my mistake. Either I tell her to
guard her own father or go near the eldritch being and the people she
condemned.
But she was already in front of me.
“… please keep an eye on him-”

He got up, charged, knife first. She dragged me down to the floor- but
he didn’t turn around. 
He rushed straight for the fissure.
And plunged the thing into his-

I fired my weapon a second too late.

My amulet shattered, enveloping us in glowing yellow against glowing
red.
Someone impacting the floor behind us. “Get up. Get up and run-”

Out of the light came… a little girl. A serene little girl with silver
hair and closed eyes.
“…sister?”

Six people. There were only six people sacrificed thus far- how did this
happen?
The only thing I knew was that, whatever that was, it couldn’t have
been-

“Sister!” I tried to grab her, but naturally she just teleported.
“I- I’m sorry… I should have kept an eye on you…” She couldn’t get words
out under all the tears. I shifted positions to get a clear shot,
whatever that would have done. “Please… I know that I don’t deserve your
forgiveness… but it was… it was an accident… I should have-”

The little girl’s eyes opened. Instinct told me to open fire.
Her- its eyes were blood red, as it slashed downwards towards what would
have been its elder sister.
Another figure leapt on top of it. “I did tell you to-”

The last thing I saw in that basement was Allison’s face, mostly gone,
what remained frozen in mixed conceitedness and worry- twisted the
entirely wrong way.
“[SELF-DESTRUCT INITIATED.]”
I swung out a hand to cover Kane-san’s, turning my head around, as the
being was burnt to ashes by multiple thermite charges. It smelled of
charring flesh and melting plastic- which was a good reason to leave as
fast as possible.

(I’ve always considered it drastic. She said it was to ‘protect company
secrets’. Did GM’s official releases also have that sort of thing?)

—

We waited outside for the cops to arrive. Tried to strike up a
conversation with Kane-san, but there wasn’t much that we could really…
say.
So I went for the latest anime adaptation on television. She’s never
actually seen much of it though, so I more or less spoiled the plot in
my excitement.

So much for tonight being normal.
