I don’t really have much time, but I wanted to get this out.

Let me start from the beginning.

My name is Dean (fake name so they can’t track me down), and I’ve been a
fan of Reddit horror stories and creepypastas ever since I was 16, back
in 2018. At the time, I came across MrCreepyPasta’s YouTube channel, and
I fell in love with Reddit horror stories. As a result, I searched for
similar content. Around that time, NoSleep stories were blowing up in
popularity, and I loved them. I listened to them at work, when I worked
out, or just as I was falling asleep, especially the ones from my
favorite subreddit of all time, NoSleep.

It ignited my passion for reading even more, and I wanted to get into
writing so I could write my own stories, share them with people, and
have fun overall. I made a Reddit account and got to writing.

I kept it up for 9 days, and after long nights of writing, waiting for
inspiration, and rewriting sections of my story, it was finally done. My
masterpiece was finished and ready to be published.

I was really nervous about how people would react to it.

Will they hate it?

Will it just die and get one or two upvotes?

Did I waste my time?

I thought to myself as I pressed the “Post” button, turned my phone off,
and went to work.

Two hours later, as I turned it back on to check my texts, my phone
froze. Over a hundred notifications from Reddit.

People loved it so much, and I was at about 3,000 upvotes. People were
going crazy about it, sending me money and tips, commenting on my post,
and begging for a sequel.

I was ecstatic. I felt the heaviness on my chest subside because I no
longer had to worry about a negative reaction to my writing.

By the end of the day, it reached 75,000 upvotes, making it the
highest-upvoted NoSleep post of all time. People even said it was as
good as, or maybe even better than, my favorite story and probably the
best story of all time:

“I Dared My Best Friend to Ruin My Life — He’s Succeeding.”

I was just about to go to bed when I got a notification.

Unknowingly to me, my life would flip 180 degrees after that point.

I was banned from NoSleep, and my post was deleted for not following the
subreddit guidelines.

“But I followed everything perfectly,” I thought to myself.

I was so upset that I couldn’t sleep (I guess that’s why they call it
NoSleep, huh?), and I ended up contacting the mods, asking what rules I
broke.

“Hey, I followed all the rules you listed in the subreddit sidebar. Can
I know what I broke so I can fix it?”

They responded with:

“The fact you don’t know what you did is proof of why you should be
banned.”

Then they muted me for 28 days and linked me to a document containing
459 pages of rules.

“What? That’s crazy. 459 pages of rules in a hidden link? Who actually
follows that?!”

I was so mad that I made a Reddit post complaining about it and finally
went to bed. I had to work really early tomorrow.

Surprisingly, when I woke up, I only had a single Reddit notification on
the post I made complaining about NoSleep.

It had been taken down and had one comment:

“You will regret this deeply.”

I laughed and thought it was cringe.

I got ready and went to my job.

Nothing unusual.

My toothpaste tasted a little different, and my shampoo was surprisingly
empty despite being a new bottle. I didn’t really think much of it.

I got my car keys and tried to start my car, but it wouldn’t start. I
had no idea at the time why.

I thought I was just having a bad day.

I Ubered to work and got to my office. It’s a small company, and there
were only two other coworkers there that day.

I got busy working on my computer. When I went to pull out my phone, it
fell.

As soon as I bent down to pick it up, my coffee mug exploded.

I got up quickly to look at it. Coffee was all over the place.

Then I noticed something.

The glass window near me was shattered.

I looked down and saw a red dot on my chest.

Jack screamed,

“GET DOWN!”

He jumped and pushed me out of the way.

(My best friend of a week and a half.)

I started processing what was going on.

Someone was shooting at us.

We quickly moved and hid away from the windows.

That’s when I realized Jack had been shot in the arm.

It was really bad, and we had to get him to a hospital ASAP.

I pulled out my phone and called the police.

Our third coworker had already run away.

Fifteen minutes later, the police arrived.

The shooter was gone.

They took our statements and asked me to come down to the station for
some more questioning.

Still in shock, I agreed.

I walked down with one of the officers, checking rooftops in case the
shooter was still there.

Then the cop looked at me and said,

“Don’t worry. They’re gone.”

He tried to point to his gun but accidentally pointed to his pepper
spray first, then quickly corrected himself.

A thousand internal alarms went off inside me.

As Law By Mike said on TikTok, you can spot fake cops by checking how
familiar they are with their equipment.

I knew instantly he wasn’t a real cop.

“Hey, I don’t really feel comfortable going to the station right now.
Can I come down later? I’m still pretty shocked from the whole thing,” I
said.

Immediately, he attacked me and tried to subdue me.

I managed to get away and run.

He started shooting at me, but luckily he didn’t hit me.

I realized I was being hunted.

“But by whom? I don’t have any enemies.”

Of course, the silly mod interaction still hadn’t clicked in my mind.

I got to the closest ATM and withdrew as much money as I could.

Then I rented a car and tried to drive out of the city.

It was getting late, and I was really hungry.

I stopped at a diner on the side of the road and sat down.

The waitress was nice. She got me my food, and I started eating like I
hadn’t eaten in two days.

Then two suspicious-looking guys, both at least 6’3”, walked in.

They looked around the place.

I looked away and tried to hide.

They sat down, ordered coffee, and waited.

I left money on the table and rushed outside.

The guys caught on.

As soon as I saw them leave their seats, I bolted.

I started my car and floored it out of there, but they were right behind
me.

I tried calling the police.

No service.

“Fuck!” I screamed.

I kept trying to drive away and lose them.

At that point, they rammed the back of my car, rocking the entire
vehicle.

I was about to throw up.

Then they pulled up beside me.

They kept smashing their car into mine.

The windows shattered.

I was bleeding.

Then I noticed a car approaching quickly in the opposite lane.

So I swerved into their vehicle, causing both cars to collide.

That’s when my service came back.

I knew because I got a call.

Unknown number.

I picked up.

“Hello? Who is this?” I said, terrified.

They responded with just one sentence:

“I told you. You will regret this.”

Then they hung up.

It all made sense.

“Are these the mods? Are they literally trying to ruin my life over a
fucking Reddit post?”

I tried calling back, but it went straight to voicemail.

I left my car, my phone, and everything else that could be used to track
me.

All I had was cash.

I ran as far as I could and eventually found a motel.

I bought a prepaid phone, and this is what I’m using to type this post.

I can’t trust anyone.

Not even the police.

All I have on me is a knife.

I’ve barricaded my door and I’m waiting for morning.

I have no idea how I’ll sleep tonight.

NoSleep, huh?

I’ll keep you updated.

I just wanted to vent all of this because it’s been absolutely crazy.

I’m really scared for my family.

I contacted them and what I got was The Mods WON’T reconsider, discuss
or debate this decision, nor will they answer any questions or offer
in-depth explanations which are already provided in the guidelines.
