I should probably start from where I was before specifying how the hell
I got here in the first place, though, I actually don’t know myself.

I live in Lewisburg, West Virginia, or I used to live, I should say. I
worked at a gas station as a restocker near the bridge, and honestly,
life wasn’t too bad. I didn’t get paid a lot, but I resided in a motel
near the same gas station. I wasn’t rich, but honestly I wasn’t
struggling either, I didn’t head to college right after high school
after all. I simply worked for my diploma and moved on.

I was planning on saving cash for a new computer, but things kept coming
up, and I never found the time to save more cash towards that goal.
Eventually, I was scrolling online out of boredom, a couple of minutes
before I was going to head to bed, and I ran into this website from some
company full of scientists, named “PsycheStress Logistics”.

It gave me a chance to earn up to $500 with a simple quiz and some
testing afterwards. I didn’t know how it would interfere with my
scheduling, knowing how recently busy I am knowing they put a lot of
discounts out and restocking was required a hell of a lot more, but I
went with it anyways. It was offering more than I made in 2 weeks, I
wasn’t entirely sure how long it would take to end the quiz, but it
didn’t matter that much if it was done at home, right?

It asked the basic questions any survey giving out cash would ask,
including how much I earned, my academic levels, etc. I honestly thought
at first it was a scam, I was waiting for the part where it asked me
very specific details like where I lived or my account information, but
it was very casual all the way through. I’d say the most it asked from
me was my first name, and it didn’t even need my last. It felt like all
they wanted was to just understand me as a subject rather than learn
every bit of information about me.

After I completed the quiz it asked me, I sent a message to one of the
scientists to understand how the experiment was going to go, and ask the
time I had to start. I wasn’t sure how fast they would respond, so I
ensured they knew I would respond as soon as I could and left to finish
the day off at work. At around 10:30 PM, I was able to clock out and go
home. I would usually leave at 9:00 PM, but there was plenty of
restocking needed and I also had to help organize some stuff. It was
tiring, but I at least got paid overtime.

Upon reaching my computer, I found that the scientist had sent a message
back. You’d expect them to send a delightful message explaining
everything, but they simply sent “Go to sleep”. As you can imagine, it
freaked me out. I didn’t want to sound rude, knowing what was on the
line, so I simply sent a message asking for them to specify. I waited
around half an hour before deciding to just check in the morning. 

Honestly, it ran through my mind for a bit as I was falling asleep, I
mean I am sure you would too if a research facility told you to simply
sleep at your house. Even with the eeriness of the message, I fell
asleep either way, I am sure they were meaning to say they just wanted
to start it in the morning, I may have messaged them at a wrong time and
had woken up a nearly asleep researcher.

But… That wasn’t the case, that wasn’t a request to start things in the
morning, it was a request to start things at night. When I woke up, I
was hit with immediate fear. I expected the roof near my head in my
small motel room. Instead I woke up on a plank flooring in a house that
was most definitely not mine. It looked spacious, and didn’t seem to
have separate rooms, just one large room with furniture and items that
belonged in completely separate rooms.

I went to get my phone from my pocket, but my pockets were emptied.
Before I even stood up, I immediately started believing it was a dream.
Just some very vivid dream, I mean the layout of the house itself didn’t
even make sense. There was a dresser and small drawer in one corner, a
table with a couple mugs in another, with a third corner containing a
stove and a fridge. It wasn’t even a proper house with a bed or
separated rooms, almost like some sort of game.

I noticed a table that had a computer set up, and to my surprise, it
worked. It had been connected to the internet, but I couldn’t log into
my accounts and the google maps couldn’t even tell me where I was.

In a lost haze, I decided it was probably best to leave and get a
bearing of my surroundings and exit the house. Maybe I could find an
exact street or even understand where I was. As soon as I walked
outside, as soon as my eyes laid on my environment, and I was able to
sink everything in, I had nearly dropped to my knees, my reality nearly
hitting me like a jab to the chest.

I’d say the area was geometrically perfect, large brick walls covered
all 4 corners of a completely flat grass, or at least I thought it was
grass. It turned out it wasn’t even grass, just a large amount of turf
laid out on a large cube area. It felt like I was trapped in a small
rubix cube, and just like a rubix cube, the area flipped me head to toe.

“Where the hell am I…” I whispered silently at first, before yelling out
loud in complete horror. As much as I had a reason to feel as if it were
a dream, like any dream, it felt almost horrifyingly real. The immediate
home sickness forced me inside to attempt any contact as soon as
possible. I tried dialing any family or friends, but it didn’t work. I
tried telling people online, but nobody listened. I even created
accounts to try and contact people on the internet, but they all thought
I was impersonating myself, and never believed me.

I was in pure disbelief, though I kind of understood, who would even
believe someone was magically trapped in an area that looks as realistic
as a crayon drawing made by an 8 year old? I wouldn’t, but since I was
the man in this scenario, I very much did. However that fear eventually
died down at first, I mean it was just too hard to believe. How would I
even manage to realistically get here? It was sure to be a dream.

I had nearly completely calmed down, until I remembered that scientist’s
message. Could it have been them? Surely not, right? They couldn’t have
known who I fully was or where I even lived, they didn’t ask enough
information to track me down like this.

I only had more questions as I thought about it, so to answer the main
question of where I was, I decided to take a closer look outside in my
surroundings.

It took around a couple of hours before I realized how plain this place
was, the most it had was a shed and a small playground with a slide and
a swing beam frame with no swing seats itself. It looked as if it had
been here for a while. As for the shed, it contained what you’d see in
any janitor’s closet. A couple of buckets and a broom.

I tried finding exits, or even ways of contacting friends, but it seems
like reddit is the only functioning thing. I got here about 25 hours
ago, I haven’t slept, or even felt the need of resting. I feel perfectly
healthy. I don’t know what’s wrong with this place, but all I know is
that I can’t get out. If I can find something, anything new. I’ll try to
make an update as soon as possible, but as of now. I don’t think I am
getting out of here, physically, or mentally.
