Last month I had a break from work for a couple of weeks that the higher
ups gave to me for getting a promotion so I decided to finally take that
trip I’ve wanted to for many since I graduated collage.

Everything was normal once I got there, no real signs that do.ethjng
would go wrong – just the normal tourist destinations and stuff, that is
untill I visited one of the local shrines — the shrine itself was
normal, nothing we’re about that just the uneasy feeling I had while
there, I don’t know how to describe the feeling other then it felt like
I was being watched or that I was being stalked, very strange, I know
right? So I left early, I didn’t want to be having those feelings
anymore and I wanted to enjoy my vacation.

The rest of my vacation was normal, i left a couple days later and
everything was normal including the trip home, everything was completely
normal.

Fast forward to when I got home, I started work as usual and everything
was normal for the first couple days,.that was untill something
happened. A couple days later at around the middle of the night I saw
something a flash of white and a little later I heard what I thought was
scratching coming from outside my front door, it sounded like an animal
or something outside, i had no idea what is was, all I knew was that is
that it was real, I knew i didn’t mishear it.

The next day I was talking to some people at work and they were telling
me about how they were hearing and seeing things last night as well,
could it have just been a coincidence? I don’t know what that animal was
but I could have just been a coincidence or maybe it was something else,
I dont know what it is.

I decided that I was going to put up motion detecting cameras around my
house to see if I could spot the animal,I and I also put a knife on my
nightstand to have some protection in case whatever it was came back, I
needed to know what is was fast so I could protect myself.

But the issue is, every time I see activity on the camera it’s always
just a flash of white before it disappears and the scratching noises
continue, I have no idea what this is but I don’t think it’s an animal,
I’m not sure what it is

Now every time I go to work, people keep asking me questions, I think
they are getting suspicious of me because they keep saying that they
hear it as well, I don’t know what’s going on and why it’s messing with
me and my coworkers but something is up. Yesterday I finally heard it,
or something I’m not sure what I heard but I thought I heard something
it sounded like a whisper or something similar, I have know what it is
or what it wants for me but it’s not leaving me alone.

I tried talking to my family about it, but they don’t seem to care very
much they just say it’s stress and that I need to take a break from my
new promotion and work, I tried to tell them that it’s not that but they
won’t listen, I’m not even sure if they’re experiencing anything.

Could somebody help me here please? I feel like I’m going crazy and I
feel like it’s gaining confidence and might try something bolder soon.
