I parked my dingy blue pickup right beside the mass of dense vegetation.
The engine was groaning grumpily, sending vibrations all over my arms
through the steering wheel. The worn out Ford was the only reminiscent
of my mother that my older siblings had deemed heritable for me. It had
to be the dirtiest, most damaged object that could be given to me after
Mom left us due to a chronic illness. Always something broken would be
given to me. I was the loose end. Expendable. Disposable.

Without sparing another second, I yanked my drawstring bag from the
backseat of the car and landed on the grassy yard, closing the door
behind me. My bag was heavy. I could feel my spare jeans, a raincoat,
some books, and the outline of a few inkless pens and spare change
scattered all over the lower brim of the denim. The fabric was covered
in quotes and signatures in white corrector pen. Memories I had held
onto ever since parting with my best friend. Shouldering the bag, I took
in my surroundings.

My gauzy jacket was plummeting around from the back due to the cold
winds thrashing the proximity. A chilly, numbing breeze kept touching my
face from all angles. I was suddenly aware of the itch in my nose due to
dryness. I fought the urge to put my pinky up my nostril.

No, not now. You have an impression to make and—

Before I had the chance to complete the thought, my eyes settled on the
house. The house looming over the yard, casting its shadow on my lanky
figure —the house where I was supposed to stay for the next three
days—was normal enough. At least, from the outside. I patted my
breast-pocket checking for my phone and the keys to my apartment. I
stroked the bonnet of the car gently one last time and made to enter the
house through the front door which was already ajar.

As soon as I entered, my brain was assaulted with an enormous sensory
overload. The inside of the house was unusually dark. Extremely dark,
one could say. There were windows. But each of them was covered with an
opaque blind. Dust had settled on every corner of the house as if no
effort had been made to even superficially clean it. Ever. Specks of
dust stung at my throat and I found myself trying extra hard to breath.
The last thing that had stopped me in my tracks was the fact that the
womanly face peeking out from the kitchen window by the threshold—the
face I assumed to be of Tommy’s mom—was missing an eye.

It wasn’t that I hadn’t seen anyone deprived of the ability to see. I
had met and communicated with many blind people in the past. No, it
wasn’t that. Her condition was different. She was actually missing an
eye. Her eye socket was completely empty. No nothing. It was a vacuum.

One of the walls of the kitchen was right beside the threshold through
which I had entered. The window carved within the wall was small. Just
the right size for a face to fit in. That’s where the face was. The
one-eyed face of the woman. Her gaze was examining me and as she did, I
felt the hair on the back of my neck standing. Where a human eye should
have been—normal and functional—was a deep purple void. The silence
inside the house was getting too heavy like it had been hanging there
for long. For enough. Her face, though, was devoid of any expression.

At last, I was the one to break the silence. I cleared my throat.

“Umm…I am Remy. Remy Griffin.”

“Welcome, Remy. I’m Amanda.” Her voice was coarse, stings of thorns here
and there. It was low but it had made me uncomfortable. Maybe I was
expecting her to growl or make animal noises.

I cleared my throat again. “Ahem… Can I open the windows? My eyesight is
bad.” As soon as the words left my mouth, I realized my excuse was very
offensive, seeing as, never mind—I thought I saw the angry veins around
her absent eye twitch.

“Light jabs at my eye.” She called from the kitchen. I stood there
awkwardly not knowing where to go. A few seconds passed before she came
out of the kitchen, employing a sharp kitchen knife which suspiciously
smelled of meat. Maybe she was butchering a chicken. For a second there,
I even thought she was going to attack me with that knife but she passed
by me without even sparing a glance.

One by one, she undid all of the blinds, sliding the windows upwards,
with mechanic quickness. Slowly, the striking warm light filled the
entire hall. I finally exhaled the air that had been stuck in my throat
for god knows how long. The stench of dirty laundry and clammy walls
started dissolving too.

“Tommy’s room is upstairs.” Amanda informed me as she walked briskly
back into the kitchen. She closed the door without another word. A
second later, the kitchen window was also sealed from inside.

Jeez. She really does hate light.

By then, I had realized that she couldn’t have been much older than
myself. Twenty one or twenty two. Twenty five, at most. I had expected I
was going to have to deal with an old, married couple—of which I had no
prior experience but now, I realized Amanda was young and the husband
wasn’t here. Not downstairs, at least. I tried to guess how old Tommy
could have been. I hope he was not a toddler. I hated them. They neither
slept nor gave up on their stupid, little demands. Gosh—they drove me
crazy. I could already see my three days going down the drain.

As I ascended the round staircase, I caught a glimpse of a small child
running back toward the room on the other side of the corridor. He was
at least eight years old. He ran inside after seeing me coming up. I
heaved a sigh of relief. Thank god, it wasn’t a four-year-old.

Down through the winding staircase, I could see the whole of the lower
portion clearly as I stepped on the carpeted corridor. Since it was now
covered in sunlight, everything was visible. The furniture was unusually
old. The area where I had been standing a few minutes ago was floored in
wood just like the rest of the house. Even light footsteps induced
tortured creaks. The lounge associated with the kitchen was set in an
old-mannered way.

So she has a thing for period dramas?

Standing aloof all over the lounge were all kind of antique pieces.
Weird-looking bowls made of copper, rocks and pebbles marked with even
weirder patterns and symbols, and hanging from different areas of the
high walls, highly obscene paintings which were definitely not
appropriate for a house that had a child. There were dozens of shelves
and racks, lining the floor one after another.

Some of them had miniature wax statues standing erect or chess pieces
molded in silver. Some had human or beastly faces, sculpted meticulously
in white marble which was now covered in layers of dust and cobwebs. I
thought it unfortunate that items of such rich taste were rotting away
like that. I wish I hadn’t come to find those weren’t the only things
rotting in that house.

One piece that aroused my interest was the grandfather clock standing in
all its wisdom in the farthest corner of the round hall. It had a metal
gong sticking out like a tongue while its hands moved in a harmonious
rhythm. Tick…Tick…Tick…All harmonious until it wasn’t.

I shivered for an instant. The whole house seemed eerie to me. Perhaps
one reason was that it was situated there. On the outskirts of those
dense woods I had driven through. I thought I was going to lose track
and get lost. I am not even sure if people knew of this location. It was
desolate and deserted.

How scary will it get when all is shrouded in the night’s darkness? I
couldn’t help wondering. I started walking towards Tommy’s room. I
suddenly started feeling cold. So cold that my teeth started chattering
violently. There was only one room in the whole corridor—that too at the
last end. I found that odd, I tell you. I found many things to be odd
about the house. I was desperate for money, though.

I knocked before entering the room. The room was even colder. The
freezing air clenched my bones the second I stepped my foot in. It was
chilly. A room this cold wasn’t normal at all. I was literally
shivering. I looked around only to find an enormous air conditioner
stuck on the main wall. I almost laughed at that.

I should really stop watching horror films every weekend. I thought to
myself and started looking around in hopes of finding Tommy. The room
was properly set, much unlike the lounge but Tommy was not in it. The
sound of water hitting the floor with a splash then told me he was
probably in the bathroom. The lights were also on. I sat on the bed, my
feet slanting awkwardly because the bed was so low. There was only a
single bed present in the entire room. Around the bed, there wasn’t much
space except for a small area where a play tent had been set up. There
was no way someone could fit in and lay on their back—even rigidly
straight—without knocking their limbs on the wooden skeleton of the bed.
Where did Amanda sleep, then? I had judged that there was no other
sleeping room downstairs. Upstairs, there was of course only one. This
one, where I was now sitting with my bum atop a small child’s bed.

Maybe she sleeps in the lounge. It’s spacious. The house, it seemed to
me, was not even a proper house. It was a two-story cabin, at most. Like
those strange wooden cabins where hunters live. With their big boy guns
and animal skins. Yuck. Something was definitely off about the house. I
just couldn’t put my finger on it. I wish now that I hadn’t drank so
much a night before. Maybe then, I would have better sense. Maybe then,
I wasn’t so careless. I wish I had thought everything thoroughly.
Perhaps then, I wouldn’t have lost an eye.

With a skeptical frown, that I could feel pulling at my eyebrows, I
turned the AC off with the remote that I had found on the side drawer. I
opened my phone and checked the location that had been sent to me,
twice. It was possible that there had been a misunderstanding and that I
had come to the wrong house. This Tommy could be the wrong Tommy. The
flimsy rope of hope broke with a snap as I confirmed. This was the
house.

I had gone there because of an online group. The group regularly got ads
and offers for people who wanted to babysit in their free days. I had
done this work plenty of times before. Ever since I had left home,
during high school. This time, there had been a name, Tommy, a location,
and the sum. The parent was to be absent for three days. They were
paying a good sum. At least better than the recent jobs I had been
getting to save some before the next semester of college started. That
was it. I had been desperate for money. Too desperate that I went there
without a second thought. Now, I was angry at my stupidity.
Nevertheless, I sent my location to my roommate.

Before I could check if the signal was working, the bathroom door opened
with a grating sound. The kid named Tommy appeared in the room. Before I
could stop myself, my throat released a muffled scream.

…to be continued…
