I’ve always thought the rules they tell you to follow in the Appalachian
Woods were nothing more than ghost stories. My own childhood home is
surrounded by a dense forest in Tennessee, and as eerie as a quiet night
out there can be, I never saw anything out of the ordinary. However,
being forced to move back home with my parents’ recent passing and my
newfound inheritance of that house, my beliefs surrounding the matter
have proven to be terribly wrong.

​

As a kid, I never held much interest in outdoor activities. You could
say I was a recluse (because I was), and I only stepped foot into the
woods on rare, daylit occasions. Maybe that is why, until I took my
father’s advice and decided to give hunting a shot, I never noticed the
absence of life out there.

​

I embarked on my first trip armed with a shotgun, a moderate amount of
ammo and bait, and a minimal amount of vague knowledge I had gained from
a YouTube video. Although I had hoped to bring a friend with me,
everyone I knew was either busy or suddenly sick, so it had to be a solo
mission.

​

As I whistled a tune and set up my gear on the deer post my dad had used
to spend time with his brothers decades ago, noon rolled around. At
first, the quiet feigned peace and acted as a confidence booster when I
realized I’d have an easier time hearing approaching wildlife. I
remember thinking to myself that this would make a wonderful
close-to-home camping spot.

​

It did not take long for me to feel the abundant silence. Normally, in a
wooded area like that, you would expect to hear something rustling, or
birds chirping at the very least. Unease stirred somewhere deep in my
gut.

​

Looking around, I noticed a severe lack of prints in the snow. Pristine
white coated every inch as far as the trees spanned, and although I
didn’t know very much about hunting, I knew this kind of perfection
wasn’t right. There should’ve been something living, even so much as a
couple of rabbits. Nevertheless, I did not make any connection to
danger. Instead, I assumed the snow must be fresh and an animal would
have to show up at some point.

​

Boredom has never been my strong suit, so as I grew more and more
impatient, I decided to text the one friend I hadn’t asked to come. Tony
has been my best friend longer than either of us can remember. He’s
always been on the more effeminate side, so I assumed he would never
agree to come hunting with me, but that did not mean I couldn’t talk to
him while I waited.

​

As I described my plans to him, it quickly became obvious that my
assumption was incorrect. He wasn’t angry or offended, but he did make
it clear he wanted to be invited next time. I assumed that was the end
of it.

​

Time gradually grew closer to night and it seemed as though I would not
be meeting success on this trip. I could not afford night vision
goggles, and I did not care enough to find my father’s old pair, so
right around 8:30, I decided it was time for me to pack my things.

​

Thinking back, I really should have done it sooner. Once the sun starts
to settle in those woods, darkness becomes inevitable within the hour.
Throwing the last of my things into my backpack, a distant call broke
the silence.

​

Nearly spooked out of my new outdoor boots, my brain hardly processed
that the call sounded human until another, slightly louder one sounded.
Immediately, I rationalized with myself. This had to be another hunter,
or just some guy who got lost and needed directions.

​

I calmed down. My breathing eased, and once again, someone called.

​

“Whoever’s out there, I can’t hear what you’re saying! Do you need
help?” I yelled.

​

And again, as I climbed down the ladder, they called. I almost tried to
yell louder, but I stopped in my tracks. How did they know my name?

​

Panic set in, and I considered my options. I could run, but there wasn’t
enough light to see farther than a few feet ahead of me. I could try to
call the police, but what could they do about someone hollering my name?
Plus, I had to be on top of the deer tower where I could easily be
attacked and shoved off to catch any signal. I firmly gripped my shotgun
and waited at the bottom of the ladder for the anonymous visitor’s
approach.

​

After what felt like forever, I saw a silhouette.

​

“Jason?” A voice spoke from behind a nearby oak. It sounded familiar.

​

“…Tony? Dude, what are you doing out here?” I asked, dumbfounded he had
made his way out here, especially at this time of night. I didn’t think
he cared that much about not being invited. “I told you I’d bring you
next time. There’s no time to hunt anything now.”

​

He stepped forward into my line of sight, throwing his hands up. “I
know, I know! I’m sorry if I spooked you. You just talked so great about
this spot and I had nothing to do, so I just had to come see it.”

​

I lowered my gun, relieved it was just him. We laughed like we always
did. It wasn’t unlike him to do things like this without warning.

​

“Well, since you’re out here, wanna come back to mine for drinks? I’ve
been meaning to try out that old fireplace since I moved in.”

​

“Sure! It’s been a while, man. Might as well catch up!” He grinned,
joining me in the short walk back to my house. I didn’t question why he
was walking through the woods, and I didn’t question why he didn’t want
to go get the car he would’ve needed to make the 20 mile drive from
his. 

​

I sat my things inside while he started a fire in the back yard. He was
still smiling when I brought out a case of beer and sat next to him,
noticing but not pointing out that he smelled awful. The conversation
flowed easy like it always had, and I assumed it was probably one of his
odd jobs he likes to work.

​

Relaxation settled over me about halfway through the first can, and we
sat in silence for a moment, staring at the fire.

​

“Did you ever miss living here, Tony? Once you went off and started your
life, I mean?” He asked, looking at me as if he expected a sentimental
answer.

​

“…Tony?”

​

“Jason! Sorry, I meant Jason. You know I’m a lightweight.” He looked
overly nervous for a name slip up. I pretended not to notice.

​

“Yeah man, I know. And I guess so. I missed my mom and dad. And you. I
didn’t make any real friends in Wisconsin, so it’s great to see you
again.” I usually tried to avoid sappy topics, but I had alcohol in my
system and my best friend was sitting next to me for the first time in
almost a year. It just felt a little extra off, because I thought I
remembered the chip in his tooth being on the left side.

​

As it drew closer to midnight, I declared that I’d had enough alcohol. I
told him it had been great to see him again and I couldn’t wait to try
our hands at hunting together. Right before I could crack a joke about
him trying to lift a shotgun with his noodle arms, I realized he was
looking at me funny.

​

Silence settled even harder than it had in the woods, even though the
fire had been overtly crackling just a moment ago. When I looked back at
him, I properly took in his features for the first time that night.
Doing so, I found myself with a problem. Those features were not Tony’s
features.

​

They were an incredibly close replica. The olive tone in his skin
perfectly resembled the tan he took on in the summer during the dead of
winter. His brown eyes were missing the deep green central heterochromia
he constantly bragged about in elementary school. His face was a little
too thin, and his nose was a little bit too long. And I was right; that
chipped tooth was not supposed to be on the right.

​

He must have seen the shift in my demeanor, because he stood up and
spoke inches away from my face.

​

“Are you okay? I think you had too much beer. Maybe I should stay the
night.” His breath smelled like a decomposing animal.

​

I composed myself. Maybe those mediocre acting classes I took would
finally pay off. “What? Tony, are you sure you’re not the drunk one?
Your breath reeks,” I chuckled, hoping this thing-that-wasn’t-Tony would
be thrown off if I made fun of him. It seemed to work, and he sat back
down

​

“Yeah, maybe you’re right. Is it okay if I get some water, then? And I
might need to use your phone to get a ride home.”

​

If I rejected him now, I doubted my chances at living to see another
day. So, I let him in. He grabbed himself a glass as if he knew my
parents’ home like the back of his hand. I gave him my phone knowing it
was dead, and listened to him have a fake conversation about not wanting
to drink and drive from the other room.

​

As he made his way out the front door and we exchanged goodbyes, he
looked me over one last time with an expression I couldn’t read. Maybe I
was going crazy, but the green that had been missing from his eyes
earlier was suddenly there.

​

Waving one last time, every old wives’ tale my mother had ever told me
ran through my head. Had I brought this upon myself by responding to him
when he called my name? If those rules were true, why was I still alive,
and how did he know everything about my best friend?

​

I slept with locked doors, covered windows, and the few weapons I owned
arranged in hiding spots around my room. When I woke up unscathed the
next morning, I went to message the real Tony.

​

We never talked about my trip. Either that, or the messages had been
deleted. There were no empty beer cans, or even signs of a recent fire
in the pit. All I could find was hundreds of prints in the snow almost
covering my front and back yards, and a single trail from the mass of
steps leading into the woods.
