​

I know the story I am about to tell will sound completely out of whack
and I have asked myself many times just what the fuck is happening and
how did I end up holed up in my childhood room, unable to do anything
but watch random movies and TV shows. My friends and family think I am
depressed and ridden with guilt and they are partly right, but that’s
not why I am not leaving this damn room. I am not leaving, because I
can’t. Not in a safe way, anyways. I am also not sleeping much, but
let’s not get ahead too quickly. I’ll start at the beginning, so you can
follow the thread and make up your own mind. I will omit nothing, even
though I am not proud of my thoughts and decisions. After all, someone
has to know the whole truth. Whoever you are, wherever you are currently
sitting, reading this… welcome to my hellscape of a life. You are the
chosen one - the one who will be graced with the unasked for knowledge
of how I ended up looking completely psychotic even though I am not.
Ready? 

It all started a few months ago, particularly on the 5th of September,
when I dropped my two heavy bags of luggage right next to the hot, dusty
old bus in my hometown. I arrived at 12:30pm and obviously, summer was
still here. I was sweating through my long jeans, my armpits stained my
second hand t-shirt and I surely smelled like a construction worker at
the end of a long day. At least I had the foresight to put my long
unkempt hair in a pony tail, so my neck was getting some air. 

My father pulled over in no particular parking spot, as anyone else who
came to meet arrivals at the bus station does, and got out of the car to
help me with my bags. His graying hair made him look a bit older than
his sixty two years of age, but I could see the living sparkle in his
eyes. 

“How was the bus ride?”, he asked casually. 

“Hot and smelly, but I slept through most of it.”, I murmured. I was
still a bit sleepy. 

“Are you okay?”, he looked concerned. His brows got a little closer
together.

“It’s no big deal, dad. I am fine. In fact, I am more disappointed about
being broke, than about being dumped.”, I laughed, but it was a weak and
frail laugh. I had nothing too funny in my life, except how bad luck
struck all of its aspects at once. 

He started the car and stayed silent for a minute, not driving, not
moving. 

“You were together for six years. It must have meant something.”, he
looked at me and then started the car for a short, five minute drive to
our house.

“Clearly not to him.”, I said firmly. I knew I sounded bitter, but
couldn’t help it. 

*** 

When I walked into the house it felt like.. home. I didn’t want to admit
it to myself, but I felt safe here. I had just turned thirty and I was
supposed to be a well adjusted functioning adult, but hey, mom and dad,
here I am back home with no job, no degree and no relationship. The
perfect antithesis to my successful sister, to add insult to injury.

My mother threw herself on my shoulders and started talking excitedly.
She looked like a labrador which has been separated from its favorite
human for a long time. In a way, I feel bad about this comparison now,
but that’s how she seemed to me at the time. She talked fast, too much,
dragged my heavy bags inside and ran her fingers through my ponytail.

“Baby, you have lost so much weight! Give me those heavy bags! God, I
should give you a haircut…” 

We had dinner and talked about logistics. How I moved out, who helped
me, did Denis ever call. I moved out just as I moved in - with my
clothes and a bag of cosmetics. Ana, a childhood friend, helped me, but
she wasn’t happy about it, as she had to cover a shift right afterwards.
Denis didn’t call, didn’t text and apparently didn’t care if he forgot
something in our shared rental apartment. I hope he did. Idiot.

Dad went to bed after a while and I knew that’s when mom would start
digging about how we broke up, how I feel… 

“I found something interesting for you. At this point in your life, you
might benefit from some support, some insight…”

She did surprise me, I’ll give her that. I looked at her with a question
in my eye.

“It’s a fortune teller.” she said it quickly, as if trying to just slip
it in without anyone noticing. 

My first reaction was to laugh, it just spilled out of me. I was curious
about those things, but never quite believed them seriously. 

“You think she’ll know why Denis decided to fuck a twenty year old on my
favorite sheets?”, I laughed, making sure she knows this is a joke and I
am fine. 

“Insight about the future, Ellie! I sincerely hope that moron is not
there…” she laughed too, then looked at me seriously, “right?”

“We’ll see what the fortune teller says.” I shrugged playfully. It was
her turn to be surprised.

“You’ll agree to go?” 

“Yeah, why not? It will be fun, I suppose.”

“Good, because I already got you an appointment. Or whatever you call
these things. It’s tomorrow morning.” She said this as quickly as an
experienced auctioneer while she gathered the dirty dishes to bring them
to the sink. 

“Well played, Dora, well played”, I shouted at her back with a smile.

***

The next morning we pulled up in front of a quite big house in a nearby
village, surrounded by a vast and beautiful garden. It was at the edge
of the village and a closed, run down church loomed ominously across the
street. There was moss on the decaying wooden church door and the dirty
windows gave off a feeling of someone watching you. The drive was a
little over thirty minutes, so I still had some coffee in my travel mug.
I shuddered a little, even though the sun was already heating us up at
ten in the morning.

How dad decided to be a part of this, I will never know. I suppose he
wasn’t given much choice. 

I felt as fresh as a cucumber, haven’t felt like that in a long time. I
had just taken my first proper shower this month and my long mousy brown
locks were now manageable, after my mother had spent the better part of
her morning cutting off a bunch of the destroyed ends. I had an old long
beige dress on, since it was still quite sunny and hot, even though
there were some yellowing leaves flying around already. 

I looked at the neat and big house and thought about how many people
come to this fortune teller every day. That much real estate in this
great condition didn’t fall from the sky, I was sure of that. 

“My husband was in the military and had a good salary. I don’t charge
people for my gift.” 

The dry raspy voice startled me, then two seconds later I realized what
she had said and my eyes widened in shock. 

“Hello! Thank you for accepting us!” My mother was just getting out of
the car and didn’t quite catch what happened.

“You’re welcome! My name is Maria. Come in.” the old fortune teller
croaked. 

I just nodded as I was still a bit too weirded out to speak. I felt like
I was naked. Does she know everything that goes through my head? How?

It must have been some kind of a trick. She caught me looking at the
house and just guessed very well, that’s it. I left my travel mug on top
of the car and slowly moved closer to the small green gate, as if I were
approaching a dangerous wild animal.

My father decided to wait in the car. “Smart move”, I thought. 

She was … old. Very wrinkled, typical old lady clothes, she looked
exhausted and not in a good mood. Her white strands were fighting for
independence despite being tucked under a bunch of bobby pins, her low
pony tail looking messy and unkempt. What else could I expect? 

She led us into the house and I immediately felt the cool air inside.
All the windows were blocked with thick dark fabric, so the sun couldn’t
get in and the house would retain the night’s breezy air. Her steps were
slow, but you could hear them even from afar. Chlop, chlop, chlop. She
went down a long hallway, opened the door to her right and just slid in
without saying anything. 

Me and my mother glanced at each other. I shrugged and followed. 

The room was set up with several chairs, two of them small three legged
chairs, and a big fluffy rug in the middle, different quilts and wooden
souvenirs hanging on the walls. I supposed the rug was animal skin, it
looked natural. She took one of the small three legged wooden chairs and
sat in the middle of the rug, then pulled something out of her pockets
and gestured for me to join her. 

I was beginning to feel uneasy, but I told myself it’s just an old lady.
“Come on, Ellie, you’ll be out of here in less than an hour”, I thought
to myself and immediately questioned whether she could pick it up. 

I moved closer to her and sat down in the middle of the rug cross
legged, adjusting my dress in the process so my pants don’t show. I was
unsure of whether I should ask a question or say something. 

“What’s your name, lady?” Maria said softly. Her voice sounded weary.

“Ellie.” I replied.

“Just Ellie?” she lifted her bushy greying eyebrows.

“Yes. Just Ellie.” my voice was barely audible. I felt like I was being
cross examined.

She spilled a huge amount of big white beans from her handfuls and
pockets and started separating them into piles. First three smaller
piles, than each of those three - into another two. She was fast, her
wrinkly hands working like clockwork, sliding the beans across the rug.
She did this unusual bean choreography several more times and ended up
with four rows of beans, three piles each row. I had no idea what she
was doing. 

“Your health is good.” she muttered. “It’s the money and the love you’re
troubled with.That stupid motherfucker left you for another girl. She’s
younger, but he’ll pay for it allright. No one gets away with breaking a
heart.” 

My jaw dropped. Okay, maybe that was also a good guess, right? It’s
possible. 

“Six years you were with him. Six years he soaked up your energy like a
vampire, you have nothing left. This is why you have nothing else, he’s
the reason. No money, no job, nothing. He took the energy.”

She smiled a little. I didn’t understand why, but also - how did she
know the number of years we were together? Maybe there was something
going on here. Her smile widened, took up half of her face and showed
some missing teeth on the front. It made a chill run down my spine, slow
and uncomfortable.

“You’re special.” she nodded, more to herself than to anyone in the
room. I looked around. My mother was quietly sitting in a corner,
watching with interest, as Maria had stopped frantically rearranging
beans on the rug and was now gently stroking my hair. 

“Lovely lady, young and special.” with a huge grin that made her
wrinkles look even deeper, like her face was a crinkled soda can. She
was enjoying this, she reveled in this moment. On the contrary, I was
frozen underneath her hand and just stood there, waiting for it to end. 

“I can make you whole again, Ellie. He has a tether to you now, he keeps
stealing from your energy even from afar. You’ll never be able to move
on like this. But I can cut this tether and get you back what’s yours.
There’s a ritual for this. Listen, only I can perform this ritual in the
special way, that will make you free from him. Whoever else you find,
they’re doing a new version of it, washed out, diluted. I am the only
one left to do it like they did it in the old days. What do you say?”

I looked at my mother. She nodded enthusiastically. I didn’t want to do
it, I didn’t. But really, after Denis and I broke up, everything in my
life grinded to a halt. I got fired, I couldn’t pass my exams in time to
get my accounting degree, I couldn’t keep the apartment and had to go
back to my parents’. What if this ritual actually does something? I am
usually a sceptic, but if it does nothing it surely won’t harm anyone,
right? It’s a little weird, but she’s kind of an old witch after all,
that’s how these things go. And she said she did it in a special way.
Maybe that matters… my mind was spinning its wheels in place as Maria
was grinning with delight in front of me. I nodded. 

“Yes?” her sandpaper voice sounded almost sweet now.

“Yes.” I mouthed, but no sound came out. 

She immediately got up, moving way too swiftly for her own age, left the
room in a haste and I looked at my mother with a confused expression.
She was smiling.

“See, I told you that’s what you need. Your life will get better now.”,
she said, looking at me with all the love in the world. “It will be
fine, baby, it will all be okay.”

“You need to leave the room, you’re mixing up the energies.”, Maria
entered the room and immediately barked at my mother. Under her left arm
she was carrying one of the confused reddish-brown chickens that
wandered her entire garden. The chicken went quiet, but remained calm,
probably trusting Maria way too much with its tiny brain.

Dora got up and went quickly out of the door, murmuring “I’ll wait in
the car with your dad.”

The moment the door clicked into a closed position, Maria pulled up a
bag of instruments and a small gas stove. 

“How old are you?” she asked.

“Thirty.” I said quietly, trying to predict what she was going to do. I
was a little nervous for the chicken. 

The old woman pulled out pieces of lead in a plastic bag and started
counting. Apparently my age meant something here. She got out a metal
bowl with a wooden handle, a bigger metal bowl that she filled with
water from a bottle in one corner of the room and lit up the gas stove.
She did all of this, never letting go of the chicken underneath her left
arm, then handed me a towel and instructed me to put it on my head, like
a bride’s veil. I did as I was told and my view of the room immediately
turned to a half done puzzle where I was supposed to guess what’s
happening in the upper two thirds of the picture. 

Maria kneeled down next to her three legged chair and put the lead
pieces in the small metal bowl on the gas stovetop. The blue flames
sucked the bottom of the bowl as if she was putting it in water and it
got somehow connected to the fire. 

“She can kneel down at this age?” I know it was a stupid thing to think
about, but my mind was grabbing onto anything that wasn’t at the extreme
end of weirdness in this situation. I looked at the lead as it was
melting slowly and heard Maria start to chant words that I couldn’t make
out for the life of me. She sounded a little like a priest and a little
like a hungry cat meowing. It was such an odd combination of sounds. It
had a rhythm and it seemed to intensify as she kept half singing, half
wailing.

I heard a quick thud, a raspy chicken clucking that ended way too fast
and something warm sprayed all over my hands and knees. I looked down.
Blood. Everywhere, warm, sticky, dark red. I gasped, tried to lift my
gaze and immediately found out why I shouldn’t. On the three legged
chair was the chicken, or at least the chicken’s body, twitching
frantically, still kicking its legs in the air and a huge wound bled all
over the white fluffy rug right where the chicken’s head was a moment
ago. 

“Lower your head!” Maria scolded me and continued the chanting.

The combination of her rhythmic voice going into such strange sounds,
making up words I didn’t understand and the sight of the twitching
chicken got me nauseous. Maria approached me and I cowered even more,
not knowing what to expect. I discovered I was trembling. I heard a loud
hiss over my head as she kept chanting, now escalating her voice louder
and louder, adding more and more unhinged energy to the words she was
singing. 

I felt light headed, I wanted to leave, but my butt was bolted to the
ground. My body felt heavy, very, very heavy. 

“Remove the towel”. Maria barked inbetween the chanting. I didn’t want
to, the chicken was right in front of me and even though I could see
some of its feet and knew the twitching had almost stopped, I didn’t
want to look. I tried to rub my eyes, but my hands were covered in
chicken blood, now drying a little bit. Tears started filling my gaze
and everything blurred. Maria pulled the towel off of my head, smiling
like a maniac and chanting, over and over, the same words, same high
pitch. She bent over and kissed my forehead. I felt the waft of her
stale breath and sweat brushing over me. I turned my face away, but her
hands cupped my cheeks and turned me over to look at her. She drew a
cross on my forehead, dipping her thumb right into the chicken’s missing
head wound and dragging it across my skin. That’s the last thing I saw.
I suppose I blacked out.

The next thing I remember after the ritual was Maria standing over me
and cleaning my face with a wet towel. I was in another room, in a clean
bed. Her grin was ever present missing teeth and all, she looked
incredibly happy and gently wiped the blood from my face. 

“How long…” I tried to move around in the bed and get up.

“Shh, it’s okay. You’ve been out for ten minutes, lay down, make sure
you’re ready before you attempt getting up. Here. Take this home, sleep
on it for three nights and throw it into the river over your shoulder.” 

She handed me a piece of lead that had no discernible shape. It was put
in a plastic bag, like some kind of evidence from a cheesy CSI episode.
Then she gave me a glass of water and left the room.

I drank the water, as I was parched and felt insanely hungry. I got up
slowly and left the room, thinking Maria will do the same thing she did
when we came in and just disappear in one of her many rooms, leaving me
lost in her house. She did not show up, but I ended up in the same
hallway we came in through, so I figured out the way to the front door
quickly. I stumbled to the car and got my travel mug from the top of it.
I hugged it the way a scared little girl hugs her favorite plush toy. My
comfort coffee. It doesn’t get more millennial that that, does it?

As I went into the car I noticed the many tiny blood splatters on my
beige dress. Somehow there were no big spots and somehow Maria cleaned
my skin everywhere from it, but the dress was surely ruined. 

“How was it, honey?” my mom chirped from the front seat. I had no idea
what to answer, so I just said:

“Maria said I shouldn’t discuss it.” and Dora nodded in agreement.
Secrecy being part of the ritual made complete sense to her, she was a
superstitious woman all her life. 

I had the lead piece in my hand. I was hesitant to follow the fortune
teller’s instructions. Should I sleep on it for three days? What happens
if I don’t? I have already done the ritual, can I give up now? I decided
to follow through for fear of what could happen if I didn’t and the
whole thing was real. The scary part was already over, I told myself.
Now I just have to put this in my pillowcase and throw it into the
Danube river on the third day. We live right on the river bank, this
will be easy. 

I threw one last glance at the dilapidated church with the watching
windows. “What have you seen here, church?”

Little did I know that the scary part was over, but the horrifying part
was just beginning and when I look back now, I don’t think not sleeping
on the lead piece would have stopped anything. But I slept on it
anyway. 
