“It should have been you in that box, not her.”

That was the first thing my lovely grandmother told me, at my sister’s
funeral. She said it in a perfectly pleasant way, as if she were
teaching her grandchildren about some obscure yet inconsequential facet
of family history. Her statement sent hushed whispers across the members
of my family, while some pretended not to hear it as to not make a
scene. I think the worst part was that I knew she was right, and
everyone else did too.

A week after the funeral, my grandmother was diagnosed with dementia.
Her social faux pas was chalked up to her unfortunate condition. The
entire family was secretly grateful that lovely grandma Ethel’s brain
was falling apart at the seams.

The year was 1981. Drunk driving laws hadn’t been established yet, and a
man had rammed into the car my 15-year-old sister and her 19-year-old
boyfriend had been in, killing her on the spot.

In a couple hours, our family was turned into a spectacle. We lived in a
deep south small town, so while everyone was all condolences and
crocodile tears to our faces, they whispered all sorts of obscenities
behind our back before her body was even in the ground.

The boyfriend survived the accident with minimal injuries. He and his
family disappeared from the town as soon as he was discharged from the
hospital. I heard some connection they had with a senator halfway across
the country kept the police and the press off their backs. They were
quite well off, so they could afford to jump ship in a pinch.

While our tiny town was abuzz with gossip about my dead little sister, I
sat home and ruminated about what my grandmother had told me on the day
of the funeral. It was all I could do, save for listening to my mother
wail and throw around furniture or listening to what everyone else was
saying about us.

My sister was a golden child, that much was true, and while it didn’t
spare her from the entire town turning on her as soon as she was dead,
it gained her boundless adoration in life. She was ever the overachiever
in school and quite popular to boot. All the boys wanted to be with her
(and those who tried were roughed up by me) and all the girls wanted to
be her. Sometimes I wanted to hate her for taking all the love and
adoration for herself, but I never could, she had me under her spell
too.

I spent an entire year feeling sorry about myself, and wishing it was me
in that box. I was on autopilot, and the entire year was a blur.

I was shaken out of my grief and self-loathing induced stupor when one
of my friends, a kid named “Erskine”, told me that the man who had
killed my sister escaped from prison.

“Word is, he gnawed through the straps they had on him”, Erskine told
the lunch table grimly. “He’s out there in the sticks, surviving on
lizards and shit”.

“When was this?”, I asked, to the table’s surprise. I must’ve sounded
terrible, because the vague excitement and interest in everyone’s faces
turned solemn.

“Sometime this month”, Erskine mumbled out like a kid confessing to
robbing the cookie jar. “Before you ask, I heard it from Scott, so I
don’t think it’s true or anything”.

Scott was an odd kid. His dad was a conspiracy nut, always talking about
devil worshippers out in the desert and how Raegan shook hands with
Iranians. Scott somewhat took after his dad, but he was quite absent
minded. He often zoned out and talked about dreams he had. His dad
believed the government was sending him dreams, the school psychologist
believed he was schizophrenic, in reality, he was most likely autistic.

That day, after school, I pulled Scott aside. I was far rougher with him
than I intended to be. I yanked him away from the loose file of kids
walking towards their bus home.

“Where’d you hear about the escapee, Scott?” I sounded monotone, like I
was threatening him.

“Stop it!” he whimpered, holding his eyes shut and bracing for impact.
Seeing him like this broke my heart, even though I never particularly
cared for him.

“Calm down and listen to me. I just want to talk about what you told
Erskine about the driver that killed my sister. Is it true? Did he
really escape or is this some weird, fucked up dream you had and decided
to spread around the school?” I wanted to sound calm and reasonable, but
any “gossip” about my sister’s death made me feel like a clogged
pressure cooker.

“It wasn’t one of the dreams, I swear. They took dad away again last
night, and I heard the pigs talk about it. That’s the truth please don’t
hurt me!”

“I’m sorry”, I managed dryly, though it wasn’t nearly enough to express
the remorse I felt. “Thank you for telling me. And I’m sorry about your
dad too”.

Scott scampered away, holding back sobs. The guilt I felt gave way to
curiosity, and a low anger. I fantasized about what I would do to the
driver often for the first few months. While the frequency of my
fantasies lessened over time, their violent nature never went away. I
sat down next to Erskine in the bus, intending to tell him my plan, but
he spoke first.

“Sorry about lunch today. I got carried away, I know you don’t like that
sort of talk”.

“It’s okay. If anything, I should be thanking you. I didn’t even know I
was looking for this kind of opportunity”.

Erskine was quiet for a moment and I could see the gears in his brain
turning. He wasn’t sure if he had heard me right.

“I’m going out into the sticks, tomorrow night. I want to get my hands
on this bastard.”

I half expected Erskine to protest, to tell me I’m just a dumb kid about
to get myself killed. I didn’t realize it then, but I think I wanted the
latter to happen. Erskine’s response was curt.

“I’m coming too”.

Everything was moving too quickly for my mind to keep up. One moment I
was having a meal with what was left of my family - having just arrived
from school - the next I was sneaking out of my bedroom window to meet
my friend. When I met Erskine, the speed of the day caught up with me. I
shook myself out of the sudden, jarring realization of what was about to
happen as Erskine walked towards me.

“We don’t have to do this, you know.” Erskine offered me a way out.

“No. Come on, we have a walk ahead of us.”

We barely spoke on the way to the outskirts of the town. I thought about
how insane we were to even attempt such a thing. Two high school kids,
walking out into the desert to track down an escaped criminal. It
sounded like some sort of joke.

We were walking past the local gas station when we heard it. A sudden
crash cutting through the evening silence. It startled the both of us,
but the scare was replaced by confusion when we turned to face the
source of the sudden noise.

It was Scott, he had just smashed through the shoddy glass door of the
gas station. He stumbled his way through the street seemingly running
away from someone. He yelped when he saw us, or rather, saw me; and
quickened his pace. Thankfully, Erskine was a quick kid.

It took little time for Erskine to catch up with Scott, who was
inconsolable. Something had clearly terrified him out of his mind.

“I didn’t even make it home” he cried. “The dreams and the hangman, they
came after me”.

We considered taking Scott to a hospital. Weird as he was, Scott was
never this detached from reality.

“You’re going after the killer, right? The jailbreak? The hangman told
me. He said the killer soured his bile. He said he upset him.”

I could only gawp.

“I’m coming with you two; I have to know what the dreams are, I have to
know why they took dad away. He said it’s my fault and I have to know
that’s not true.”.

“No way we’re letting him follow us” Erskine said. “I trust him as far
as I can throw him, and I don’t want to end up lost in some desert with
my head smashed in”.

“This kid just said he had an honest to god premonition of us going into
the sticks looking for some escaped convict. I don’t know about you but
I don’t think he’s a threat to us more than he’s a threat to himself.”

“And what if he’s a threat to us *and* himself?”

“If you think so, you’re welcome to go home.”

Erskine sighed and shook his head, but he made no attempt to leave. I
could tell that he thought this little trip was growing more insane by
the minute. He really did feel guilty enough to follow me into this
mess, or maybe he was just reckless.

Scott, to his credit, was calm as we walked into the sparsely wooded
wilderness. The sun still hung overhead, scorching and angry, we would
have no need for torches.

We thought that the walk was mercifully short, although in hindsight a
long walk and a lack of sunlight may have spared us from what we would
have witness in the badlands outside of town. The air was dry and tinged
with a hint of something burning, and I could feel a headache setting
in. Crunching through baked earth and dry trees we made our way to the
relatively, but still sparsely, greener part of the wildnerness. We were
officially “too far” from civilisation. Erskine seemed on edge and Scott
seemed absent. Through the headache I could hear Scott muttering to
himself. I tried to talk, to ask him what he was saying, but a sudden
ringing in my ear grew suddenly loud, and I felt myself slip off my
feet.

Darkness. Then a wet rumbling, a distorted view of Scott and Erskine,
arguing. Then darkness again.

I opened my eyes a few minutes later, to a mouthful of dust and the
arguing of my companions. I was propped up against a tree and from my
position I could see the mouth of a cave to my left. I tried to tell
them what I saw, I tried to point to the cave, but I couldn’t talk. The
left side of my face was drooping, and mustering up the energy to lift
my arm was all I could do.

“That’s what happened to my father!” exclaimed Scott. “Before all the
dreams, before the suits. He said his face drooped something fierce for
days and he couldn’t move at all.”

Erskine had no patience for him.

“If you’re so interested, why don’t you go into that cave and get
yourself nice and lost, huh Scott?” His tone was nothing but disdain.

“Listen man, I think you had a damn stroke or something, just sit tight
and I’ll try to get a signal on my phone.” Erskine’s tone softened when
he turned to talk to me, but he failed to notice that Scott was indeed
going into the cave. I insistently pointed at the cave, tired to make
any and all sound I could, but Erskine was too distracted.

“Don’t push yourself. Listen, I’m sorry for all that talk today, I know
I shouldn’t have said anything and I’ve been feeling awful about it the
whole day”.

Something moved in the darkness of the cave. I tried to scream.

“I don’t think I ever told you this, but I lost a cousin years ago. I
know how you feel, man, I promise I do. That’s why I knew I should have
kept my damn mouth shut.”

As Erskine was fumbling with his phone, a yelp sounded from the cave,
Erskine failed to hear it.

“I guess all of this is to say, I’m real sorry. Maybe I don’t know what
it feels like, but I have a good estimate, I know I shouldn’t-”

Something came flying out the cave mouth, spinning in the air and
splattering Erskine and I in coppery red fluid.

We froze. I forced my hopelessly stiff neck to move, just enough to see
whatever had flown out of that cave. I came face to face with the man
that had ruined my life.

Erskine screamed. As if in response, the cave belched forth an explosion
of gore. The cold, rancid blood showered me, I could feel the tiny
particles of bone prickling my skin, and mixed in the horrid mess that
had blanketed us were scraps of fabric.

I wouldn’t have blamed Erskine for leaving me then and there, but he was
too busy vomiting to go anywhere. He retched, attempted to collect
himself, slipped on the wet ground, then retched again. In his
predicament, he failed to notice the shape that was growing out of the
cave.

One last thing emerged from the damnable cave. It was Scott, hung by the
neck from a noose bound to nothing, floating above the ground. He was
still twitching, tears in his eyes. His face showing the same lividity
as the killers, only his eyes were clear and showed nothing but terror.

“Help me.” He choked out.

That was the last time anyone ever saw Scott.

Erskine managed to carry me all the way back to a place with signal. The
stroke I suffered, and the amount of time that passed before I recieved
any medical attention, rendered me partially paralyzed. I haven’t been
able to use the left side of my body since then.

We talked to the police about what happened, asked about Scott and his
dad. They told us that Scott’s dad was taken in for vandalism. I don’t
know if they believed us or not, but only a single search party went out
there to look for Scott.
