It changed, somehow it all changed. I can’t believe it, but I can’t deny
what I saw with my own eyes. Something happened here, something
impossible. Summer and her brother knew what it was; they called out to
it, and something answered.

I hoped it might have just been a fever dream, but now I have to
reconcile the truth. It’s all real. It’s all here right now, and worst
of all, it spoke to me.

Just the other day, I was heading out on a camping trip with my
girlfriend Summer. We had met at school. Both of us were taking the same
environmental science course, and we hit it off. We started dating
shortly after, and things had been going great.

Before long, I was convinced I had met the girl of my dreams. She was so
kind, thoughtful, funny, and beautiful. I was head over heels. When we
discussed our families, I learned that hers was very enigmatic. I had
not gotten to meet any of them yet, but she told me they were
naturalists who owned land all across the state, including cabins and
camping places around the Olympic Peninsula.

She asked me if I would like to go camping with her, to a place her
family used to visit often. I was thrilled at the chance to spend more
time with her, especially alone and in the majesty of nature. I was even
considering using the opportunity to propose.

We set out on the three-hour drive to Leshy Ridge. The time spent
driving was not quite as comfortable as I expected it to be. This was
mainly because it was not just Summer and I going to the campsite. Her
brother Sean was coming with us too. I was a little flustered when I
found out, but Summer just smiled at me and said,

“I can’t say no to my family, come on, please? I promise it will be
worth it.”

I had given in and agreed, not wanting to disappoint her. I knew I would
have to meet some of her family eventually, so I figured I could get to
know her brother on this trip, even if I hadn’t planned for it. Despite
the discomfort of going camping with someone I had never met, I wanted
to show Summer I could get along with her family.

The drive was pleasant enough, if not a little awkward. Sean was very
reserved and did not respond with much beyond a grunt when I tried
speaking with him. I tried to get him talking as we drove, but he
shrugged and ignored me. Summer played it off and just smiled when I
looked at her for reassurance. I let it go and kept driving.

We started to ascend higher into the mountains, and the road began to
vanish, replaced by rough rocks and dirt. It was strange, but as we
moved, I thought I saw the green sheen of trees above us start to look
oddly muted and colorless. I wondered if it was just an optical illusion
from looking out beyond the skyline and near the sun. I blinked hard and
focused on the road again.

The winding path finally led to a small clearing with wide open space
and a larger plateau looming overhead. The area was covered in grass and
trees, though the same strange gray tinge lingered here as well.

Before I could ask for confirmation, Summer shouted,

“Here it is!” She giggled, and before the van had fully stopped, she
leapt out.

She twirled around in a flourish, and Sean hopped out with a grunt and
slammed the door.

As the two embraced the energy of the area, I found myself a bit
puzzled. They were acting like this was some great spot, but I had a
hard time agreeing with the sentiment. The trees looked oddly dull; the
normal vibrant green hues seemed lost, like they had forgotten that an
evergreen was supposed to be just that.

The lack of background sounds bothered me as well. The normal sounds of
the forest were missing. It was desolate and barren. There was no
birdsong to provide the normal pleasant backdrop of an area like this.
The whole place just seemed like it was caught in a dead zone.

I looked back at Summer and did not say what I was thinking. I didn’t
want to say anything to offend her, since she had mentioned this place
was important to their family. I just couldn’t understand why.

I tried to ignore my apprehension and distract myself by unloading the
van.

Summer approached me, likely suspecting my concern, and pulled me aside.

“It means a lot to me that you are doing this. This camping trip might
seem sudden, but it will be worth the sacrifice. I know it might seem
weird, with Sean here. But this place..” She paused and looked
thoughtfully around before continuing, “ It’s special, it means a lot to
my family. I would do anything to protect it and them. I’m just so happy
you can be here with us now, to help us.” She leaned in, kissed my
cheek, and then went back to dancing around the campground. I was so
happy to see her like that, dancing beautifully without a care in the
world, that I didn’t even consider the true meaning of her words.

I finished unloading our stuff and was ready to get started on the
tents. I asked Sean if he needed help with his, but he scoffed and just
wandered off into the trees. I was about to call after him when Summer
grabbed my arm.

“Just let him go, he likes to explore. Who knows, he might come back
with a sunnier attitude.” She smiled, and I couldn’t tell if she really
believed that or was just trying to placate me. I stopped worrying when
she leaned in and kissed me, then whispered,

“Set up the tent, and when Sean is asleep tonight, we might see what
else we can do…”

She lingered for a moment before turning around, grabbing the cooler,
and pulling out some supplies.

“But for now, I’m going to make us some lunch. Would you help grab some
smaller kindling sticks so we can get a fire going, and I can make us
something?” I agreed and set out to find some.

As I moved around the perimeter of the campground, I was struck by the
eerie effect I had noticed earlier when we arrived. The only sound I
could hear was the crunching of overly dry leaves and desiccated
branches. The effect was unnerving, and I paused to listen more closely
to a strange sound I thought I heard nearby.

The sound had stopped, but I heard a voice then. I crept along a small
trail further into a thicket overgrown with brittle blackberry vines. I
saw Sean, kneeling down on the ground in a small clearing. It seemed
like he was talking to someone or something.

“I don’t know if I can do it. I’ve never done that before. I know Summer
has, but I’m not like her. I know…I hear the family too, I just…..don’t
know.” He paused and suddenly looked up from whatever he was talking to.
I was too embarrassed to be caught snooping, so I dropped to my stomach
and held still. I listened closely and heard Sean rise. I lifted my head
just enough to see him looking in the other direction. He muttered
something under his breath and started walking away, fortunately picking
a different path than the one that would have led him right on top of
me.

When I was satisfied he was gone, I let out a deep breath. I didn’t know
who he was talking to, but the whole thing was strange. I collected a
few of the dried-out sticks I had trampled to get out there and returned
to camp.

As I was helping Summer start the fire, I saw Sean had set up his tent
and was inside it already. I considered the strange conversation he was
having with himself. I thought at the time that he must just be a bit
eccentric. I shrugged it off and tried not to let the weird incident
bother me.

By then, the fire was going, and Summer had started grilling some
bratwurst for us. I was starving and sat down in one of the chairs we
had set around the fire and relaxed. With the soft crackling of the fire
and the smell of smoke, I was finally able to ignore the odd ambiance of
the place and just enjoy myself.

Just when I was finally relaxed, I heard a loud crunching noise from
nearby. I looked over to the clearing by where the van was parked and
couldn’t believe what I was seeing.

It was an animal, a raccoon by the shape and markings of its tail.
However, that indication was all I had to go on, because the thing I saw
standing there twitching unnaturally did not look like any raccoon I had
seen before.

Its tail still had some fur with the tell-tale rings, but its upper body
was a mangle of exposed muscle and soft tissue. It looked like it had
been partially skinned but was still moving around somehow. The flesh on
its snout was peeled back, revealing a gruesome rictus of sharp teeth,
and the eyes seemed horribly bloodshot.

I paused for a long moment, just staring at the thing. I looked over at
Summer, and she had spotted it as well. She was standing still, waiting
to act.

The small animal stepped forward, and its tail rose up high. It turned
itself to a side profile and looked directly at us, hissing in a sound
that was terrible with how unlike a normal raccoon it was. The thing
looked half dead and rabid. I was afraid that in that moment, it would
just charge at us and start attacking. I slowly stood up and tried to
put myself between it and Summer. I wanted us to get into our tents
since the path to the van was blocked. The thing looked dangerous, and
whatever it was afflicted with, I did not want any of us to get it.

Before we could do anything else, the hideous raccoon turned to look at
something in the distance. Then it hissed and ran off into the woods.

In the next moment, it was gone, and I was trying to make sense of what
had just happened.

“What the hell was that?” I finally asked, breaking the silence.

Summer let out a breath and relaxed, then shrugged apologetically,

“I don’t know. I know a lot of them live in these woods, but that one
looked worse than most. The illness brought on by pollution might be the
cause. That is why my family’s work is so critical. To help revive these
places so that the creatures that live here can thrive.” She gestured
all around us and had an oddly serene look on her face, despite the
encounter. She looked back at me and smiled apologetically.

“I’m sorry, I know you must be worried. If there are any more, we will
be prepared. I think Sean brought some deterrent’s.” She went up to his
tent and told him what happened. He emerged a moment later holding a
long rod which sparked at the end, and I realized it was some type of
cattle prod. In his other hand, he held a large hunting knife.

“Which way did the thing go?” He asked with a more disturbing force of
will than I had heard him use before.

Summer tried to calm him down.

“It’s okay Sean, we don’t need to go kill it. Just keep the prod handy
in case it comes back to scare it off. Jeez, calm down.” She scoffed at
him, and he looked disappointed.

After a while, I finally calmed down when I was satisfied the deranged
creature was gone.

It was starting to get dark, and I stepped away to take a leak. I was
still close enough to hear Summer and Sean talking about something. I
didn’t want to pry, but I overheard bits of what she was saying to him.

“Come on Sean. I know you don’t like it out here, but it gets
better.”……..

“I’m sorry you feel that way, but it’s for the family.”

The conversation grew quiet, and I finished up. At the time, I thought
that Summer was trying to encourage her brother.

Eventually, when it was near full dark, I was ready to call it a day.
Summer emerged from the tent, wearing her hiking gear. I was confused
and asked her what was going on. She grinned back at me and said,

“The stars are so bright out tonight, it would be amazing to see them
from the lookout. There is a small plateau just up there, only a
ten-minute hike. Come on, I know it’s dark, but it will be worth it, I
promise.”

Before I could ask why at night or if Sean would be coming too, Sean
unzipped his tent and walked out, holding his cattle prod and a
flashlight, with the large knife tucked into a vest pocket.

Summer was rummaging in her bag and produced an antique lantern I had
never seen before. She lit it reverently, and the intricate shapes
carved into the sides cast luminous shapes across the campground. The
light show distracted me from my concern about venturing out into the
dark, and I followed her out of camp.

“Come on, let’s go to the lookout.” She called out and began to sing,

“The moon is shining bright, and the stars glow in our hair, the
nighttime music’s magic, and there’s spirits in the air. The forest
trees will guide our way, imperious and tall, to lead the way on path
and trail to answer families’ call.”

Summer kept dancing and singing, swinging the lantern in arcs that shone
its warm light on the few shadowy spots untouched by the bright
moonlight.

We walked on, and I found out from Summer that this hike at night was
another family tradition. I had concerns, but I figured she knew this
place pretty well, so I felt a little better about heading up to the
lookout in the middle of the night.

As we walked, I saw she was right about the stars. They burned
brilliantly above, and the serene backdrop removed the subtle aura of
decay that this place had in the daytime. I started to feel a bit more
optimistic about the trip.

As we walked, I saw something odd in the distance, about a hundred feet
from the small area where the climb to the lookout was. It looked like a
small house or cabin. I called it out as we walked,

“Hey, what’s that building?” Sean and Summer both paused, and Sean aimed
a light towards the structure. To my surprise he answered me,

“That? It’s just the old family cabin. No one has stayed there recently;
it’s pretty rundown. But hopefully it will be made whole again. Our
family used to stay there all the time, maybe they can again soon. Come
on.” He waved me on, and as we passed the cabin more closely, I saw it
was in ruins. The ceiling had collapsed in places, and the wood was
rotted and decayed all over. It was a wreck, and I figured they would
have to do some serious renovation before any of their family members
would be living there again anytime soon.

As I looked at it, I felt something strange. The building felt wrong
somehow, like it shouldn’t be there at all. The entire place held an
intangibly ancient quality. I suddenly felt very nervous about camping
so close to it. I was about to say something to Summer, but she put an
arm around me and leaned her head on my shoulder and guided me along the
path to the lookout, leaving my questions unanswered.

We made it up the incline to the plateau, and I was impressed by the
cloudless sky and the shining stars above. I could see why this place
was so special to their family, and for a short while, I was grateful
that they had included me in this tradition.

If Sean had not been there, I would have considered proposing to Summer,
but I never expected what happened next.

Summer reverently cradled the lantern and was using a small piece of
chalk to draw lines on the ground while singing something. It was odd,
at first, I thought it was another song, but it had low tones and
rhythms that were more like a chant.

Sean had not moved onto the plateau; he just stood by the trail leading
back down. He was holding the cattle prod and the knife now. He seemed
to have an anguished look on his face, like something bad had just
happened.

I was confused by what was going on, and then Summer spoke,

“Oh great spirit that dwells in this place. We supplicate ourselves to
you. We offer you the lifeblood and vitality of humanity, so that you
may continue to bless us and watch over this sacred place and our
family. Eternal peace for this place, eternal peace to the offering. You
have been chosen to become one with this place, to become family.
Blessed be!”

She had finished drawing the strange markings on the ground and looked
up at me solemnly.

“I am so sorry. I really did care for you, but this place, this sacred
land, we need to take care of it. Look around us, it’s dying; only an
offering can restore the vitality that was lost. You have to understand,
please don’t resist.”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I finally snapped out of the
shock paralysis I was in and responded,

“Wait, Summer, what the hell is this? Some type of cult ritual? You guys
can’t be serious, you are just pranking me, right? It has to be…” I
asked with a slight laugh to try and see how they reacted. Summer’s face
was still grave, and Sean had walked closer to us, his hands gripping
the weapons so tightly I could see his knuckles turning white.

“No, stay back!” I shouted out vainly as Summer just nodded while
looking past me and at Sean.

“Strike true, for the Sylvian, for the family. Don’t hesitate!” She
shouted.

I turned back to see Sean moving toward me at speed. He held out the
prod, and it sparked to life.

“Don’t struggle, this can all be over soon.” He said with a hesitant
mixture of fear and aggression.

I held out a hand and tried to discourage him, but he pressed on, and I
leapt back and suffered a shock as the prod made contact with me. He
lunged forward, and I fell back, dodging a clumsy stab with the knife.

Summer was standing still, watching us and chanting quietly.

I felt numbing pain, and my body convulsed as the prod was driven into
my ribs. The pain was excruciating, but it didn’t hold me as long as a
proper taser might have. I saw the reluctance in Sean’s eyes, and he
actually closed them while stabbing the knife down at me.

I was able to regain enough motion to roll away, and when the knife
crashed down onto the ground, I leaned back and kicked him hard in the
face. Sean went flying, and I heard the satisfying sound of his face
crunching and a tooth flying.

Summer stopped chanting and gasped, as if she was surprised I had
resisted.

I turned back to her and saw a look of contempt on her face.

“You need to stop!” She shouted indignantly.

“Can’t you see what has happened to this place? It needs to be reinfused
with life. You can be that life, you can save us all!” She lunged
forward and tried to grapple me. I pushed her away just in time to avoid
a stab by Sean, who had recovered. I saw he had dropped the cattle prod,
and I dove forward to collect it before either of them could.

When he lunged again, I stabbed the prod out and struck his neck. He
fell forward and dropped the knife in pain. I bent down to collect it,
but Summer kicked out hard and struck me in the side.

I rolled over and tried to get up, but my head was struck by a hard
stomp, and I nearly passed out from the impact. I had to move; I knew I
was in trouble.

I saw Sean looming over me; he spat out some blood, and the reservation
on his face from earlier was gone; nothing but anger remained.

Summer was getting up and moving out of the way to give him a clear
shot. As he prepared to stab the knife down, I aimed the prod at
Summer’s leg, and the shock caused her to collapse on top of me. There
was a terrible moment where I heard the slicing sound of flesh and knew
someone had been stabbed.

I felt nothing but the pain of the wind being knocked out of me. I
looked up to see Summer, her eyes were wide and pleading. We both looked
down to see the blossoming blood stain on her, and I looked past her to
see Sean holding the knife with a look of shocked horror.

He had stabbed her in the back. He backed away and began crying. Summer
rolled off me, and I scrambled away and stood up.

I looked around and saw the odd drawings on the ground begin to glow,
and Summer’s blood seemed to be absorbed by the impossible characters.

I was stunned, but was reminded of the danger when I regarded Sean. I
held out a hand and tried to control the situation, though I did not
really think he would listen to me just then. Sean was pulling his hair
and hyperventilating. He looked seconds away from a mental breakdown.

“Sean,” I said as calmly as I could muster. “You don’t have to do this.
I know you’re scared, but I think you were forced here, right?” I asked,
trying to sound as empathetic as possible.

He just shook his head, and the look of fear faded away to reveal a
snarl of unsuppressed rage.

“You…” He murmured, and then his voice grew louder.

“You killed her! It’s your fault! You should have just stayed down and
died. We need to bring this place back, you need to die!” He charged at
me like a rabid animal, and when I tried to hold the prod out and stop
him, it did nothing. He barreled on and took me down in a clumsy tackle.
I rolled along with him to try to take the weapon, but we rolled too
far, and we both launched off the edge of the plateau.

I should have died from that fall, I still don’t know how I didn’t.

I remember falling, but I ended up landing on some type of natural
outcropping and just rattling my bones. Sean fell down much further,
though all I really remember was the blood-curdling scream as he did.

I woke up in a haze, and I could barely move. I think I had a concussion
from the force, I hit my head when I landed, but I was just grateful to
be alive. It was daytime, and I didn’t know how long I had been out. I
was incredibly thirsty and felt dehydrated and sallow, so it might have
been for hours, if not days.

I managed to find a steep path that led back down to the main trail. I
had to get out of there and get help.

I hustled back to the campground and passed a disturbing sight. There
were faded blood stains on the ground and human outline in the dirt near
where Sean would have landed, but no body was there. I shuddered at the
thought that he might still be out there hunting me, but he couldn’t
have survived that fall. Then I noticed the odd emergence of a large
root cluster that seemed to crowd around the imprint his body had left.
It seemed like they were surging and lapping at something, like they had
a terrible sentience I could not guess. I shuddered when I stared at the
morbid sight. I suddenly felt sure that Sean really was dead.

I shambled along through the forest, and when I got back to the
campground, I was stunned. The entire area seemed…healthy now. It was
all green and vibrant. I could hear birds singing, animals moved all
throughout the woods, and the gray pallor was gone. Just the other day,
the place looked like a dead zone, but now it was alive again.

I was about to leave when a nagging thought made me stay. I walked off
in a daze, wandering from the campground. I let out an exhausted laugh
as I considered the insanity I had just witnessed. I had planned to stay
there with the girl I loved, only to have seen her die after trying to
kill me. And now there I was, wandering, half dead in the woods that
were so important to her family, alive and well just like my
surroundings.

I marched on, up the trail and to the plateau. I looked out over the
forest and saw the same as before. Dried blood where Summer had fallen,
but no body. The strange markings on the ground were gone, and I stood
there in confused horror, trying to make sense of what had happened.
Suddenly, I felt a strange breeze that carried across the area. In the
rush of air, I thought I heard an odd tune as it swept over me. A tune I
had heard sung for the first time by Summer when we walked under the
stars. But the strangest part was that the more I listened, the more it
sounded like her. I shuddered and left that place, running back down the
trail to try to leave.

I ran on, but my pace slackened when I saw the family cabin and could
not believe my eyes. The wrecked building was restored somehow; it
looked brand new! I inched closer and rubbed my eyes, unable to believe
what I was seeing.

As I looked over the impossible change, I felt a chilling presence
pervade the area, and the door creaked open. There was a light inside,
shining just beyond the corner of the now open door. I heard a familiar
voice creep into my ear from everywhere and nowhere,

“Come inside. Join the family and stay with us….forever.”

My stupor broke, and I ran. I ran madly out of that impossible forest,
leaving Summer, her brother, and the entire nightmare behind me. I don’t
know what really happened to them; they must have died, but where had
the bodies gone?

Then I remembered Summer’s words, her pledge to the spirits, human blood
to renew that scared place. The site had gotten its blood, just not
mine. It was definitely beautiful for now, but I will never go back
there.

I’m going to tell the police about what happened, and hopefully they
won’t arrest me for murder. Someone needs to know, someone needs to be
warned, that the family is still there…
