Whenever someone died back in my hometown, my mom was always the first
to call. She’d never admit it, but I’d often catch a whiff of excitement
on her voice from being the one to tell me the name and how it happened.

Not with Nick Bertocchi, though. 

When he died, she called me on the verge of tears. I had to speedrun
several rounds of reassurances that I was doing all right, feeling
better every day, before I could even get her to admit anything was
wrong.

Nick, my best friend from back home, was dead. They found him outside
our high school with his neck broken, lying on the asphalt beneath the
football stadium bleachers. 

I had heard the words, but they held no real meaning yet. I told my mom
I was booking a plane ticket home. She said my bed was already made.

Information about what had happened trickled back to me from the friends
I hadn’t spoken to in more than a decade. Most of them had left town
after graduation, like I had. Some had since moved back. But none of us
had done a particularly good job of keeping tabs on Nick. From what we
could gather, there was no reason to suspect any version of the story
other than the simplest, saddest one — the one that the cops had
accepted as the official truth. They said Nick died drunk and alone,
having accidentally fallen through the stands. The local newspaper,
which existed only as an unreadable website anymore, called it a “freak
accident.”

As sad as that version of events sounds, I wish it was an account I
could believe.

It would be so much easier to sleep.

***

I was in my childhood home all of 10 minutes before I started plans to
leave it again. Each room looked how I remembered. Mine was still
decorated with the posters and reading list of a high schooler on the
verge of escape velocity. And yet the house seemed faded in a way—as
though I might find a long-past expiration date printed somewhere on the
outside, like I had with most of the snacks in the pantry.

I texted the chain where a few of us had already gathered to exchange
what we knew about Nick’s passing. The funeral was set for the following
day, and I hoped to clear out the cob webs adorning what had once been
the most important relationships of my life before then. I was the first
to arrive at the Irish pub that our fathers used to vanish into and
optimistically grabbed a table large enough to seat everyone who had
said they’d come. 

Each entrance was an exercise in extrapolation. Could I match the faces
I remembered so well to the seasoned ones coming through the door? What
would 20 years have done to the eyes I watched cry with laughter or the
cheeks I saw go flush when the right person stole their hat?

All together again, our conversation’s rhythm returned without much
effort, like a championship team reuniting two decades later for a
pick-up game. Shit talk was dished out in precise amounts and old
arguments dusted off for the fun of it. We filled gaps in the stories of
the lives I once would have died to protect, and they made it easy for
me to remember why. None of them had wound up where I thought they would
have, and yet each had found their way.  No one knew about the day I
couldn’t muster the will to eat anything or how that day turned into a
couple weeks. I didn’t tell them about how my parents frantically flew
out to sit silent and confused at my hospital bedside. Or how I had told
them not to come. But I think I preferred it that way. 

It wasn’t long before we reached the gaps among us we couldn’t fill and
Nick became all we could talk about. 

He had been the live wire, the originator of our dumbest schemes, the
one who somehow drew us all together from disparate corners of the
school. Honors class, marching band, water polo, or in my case,
in-school suspension. It was as if he had collected us for some plan for
which only he had the designs. And he loved us, together. 

More than anything, that’s what we recalled about Nick. He only seemed
happy when we were in one place. After mornings perfectly wasted in the
banded shade of the stadium bleachers, contrasting class schedules would
pull us apart for several hours. Watching Nick as we separated, you’d
think one of his arms was off to Spanish, while a leg was due in the
chem lab. 

He was a terrible student himself. I always suspected that his failing
grades were nothing but an act of short-sighted rebellion. At the bar,
we were laughing about the red-heavy Scantron strips he’d hold up for us
like freshly claimed scalps when someone chimed in to ask if anyone else
remembered his drawings. The recollection crashed over the group like a
wave. Nick had been a great artist, they said. It was how he spent most
of his class time—drafting impossible worlds and terrifying creatures.
They all spoke, describing the sketching as if samples hung inches from
their eyes, rather than 20 years in their past. 

And yet I couldn’t remember any of it. 

As they each took their turns trying to capture what they saw, I
listened, hoping for some stray detail to shake loose a memory, but
nothing came. The longer I waited, the colder and more hollow I felt.
Where the others beheld visions unique to their friend—so colorful, so
Nick—I watched my loss deepen beyond what I had previously thought
possible.

No one knew much about what became of Nick after school. As far as we
could tell, he had never left town and hadn’t ever shown much interest
in life outside of it. Some of us recalled texts he sent around the
holidays and summers those first few years after we split up, asking if
we were home for the break and whether we’d want to hang out. It was
with a quiet shame that we confessed to never making good on the
offers. 

Drinks ended a little after that.

***

The school was on my way home from the bar, but I would have wound up
there regardless. Nick’s missing drawings wouldn’t let me go. I had
somehow found myself even farther from my friend than the distance
between life and death, and returning to the space where we had both
lived—where he had died—seemed like the only way to narrow that abyss.

I couldn’t have known how right I was. 

The high school was a squat, sprawling two-story structure, a year or
two away from a complete remodel—as it had been when I attended. In its
arrested redevelopment, however, the building stood untouched and,
unlike my childhood home, undrained of its power. Even twenty years
later, as I peered into its darkened windows from behind the chain-link
fence surrounding it, that place felt as though it could devour me.

I followed the barricade around to the back, where it opened into the
rear parking lot, the one used by underclassmen and for Friday night
football games. As I turned the final corner of the building, the
bleachers came into view.

The stands stood with their back to the school, in the liminal space
between the cloistered classrooms and a full-contact field. Like most
things in my hometown, they were smaller than I remembered, but maybe
that was because I was no longer just revisiting a place I only knew as
a child. This was now where Nick Bertocchi had died. The site of a loss
that immense could never measure up. 

I blame the drinks for both the impulse to hop the fence and how shitty
my landing was. Jagged bits of pavement had pooled on the other side and
were there to cushion the impact on my palms. Once the stinging stopped,
there was nothing to distract me from how still the stadium was, how
unnervingly quiet for somewhere built for roars. 

I was making my way toward the bleachers when a high metallic clanging
caused me to almost jump out of my skin. Stuck in the open, my only
choice for hiding had been to stand perfectly still. With my heart
racing, my eyes quickly found the locked chains hanging from the
cafeteria doors nearby, swaying in the wind. I couldn’t remember a gust
strong enough in the moments before to cause such a stir, but without a
better explanation, I carried on with whatever it was I had come to do. 

The sides and back of the bleachers were open, exposing the scaffolding
that held up a good portion of the town’s population on game nights.
Back then, if any of them noticed my friends and I were there at all, it
was because of the acrid smoke or the unbound belly laughs wafting up
from between their feet. Twenty years later, I stood in that same spot,
smoking alone in the narrow alleyway framed by the crisscrossed bracing.
I wondered how it was possible—that those two points in time, then and
now, could be connected.

I finished the joint and got cold again. The wind bit at my hands, and I
wrapped my coat tighter around me. I was drunk and tired and missing my
friend. More than anything, I wanted to go home. Whether a place that
like even existed for me anymore, I couldn’t say. 

The rest of the journey down the length of the bleachers had me stepping
over struts and ducking beams. In hind sight, it was the moment when I
emerged from beneath the stands again, when the air became stagnant,
heavier somehow, and the noise from passing cars struggled to reach me,
as if the sound waves were stymied by a more viscous medium. That was
the moment when I should have known. But admitting that you’ve found
yourself in a situation requiring bravery demands a courage of its own.

I rounded the structure looking for a more direct way out than the one I
used to come in, but instead, I found something else. The double doors
to the cafeteria were open.

Now, I know that the chains on them had been locked before I first went
under the bleachers. That is a fact, and I need to acknowledge it as
such. There are so few certainties from that night that I cling to the
ones I can. The doors to the cafeteria had been closed, but now, they
sat there, each one stopped out wide like an invitation. 

For what seemed like a long time, I just listened, waiting to hear the
creaky casters of a janitorial cart or staticky strains from a cleaning
crew’s radio, sounds I would have expected to be emitting from an open
school building in the middle of the night.

Instead, I heard what I would have after emerging from the bleachers at
any point in my past. The school sounded alive. The bell was ringing,
likely for the end of a period, when the halls were filled with students
savoring the fleeting moments before another chime instructed them to
sit quietly in neat rows once again. I can’t say for sure why I went
inside that night—other than that’s all I had ever done in that exact
scenario. 

The sound of the school as I walked through the cafeteria doors had been
a familiar one. And so was the sight of it, but for one exception. The
linoleum tiles were still a stale color that made it unclear if they
were old and dirty or just old. The long tables were set out, ready to
accept hungry bodies. And the clock on the wall was held within a cage
for reasons no one will ever grasp. All was how it was supposed to be,
but there wasn’t a single person in sight. 

And yet, no matter where I ventured throughout the halls, I heard them.
Voices calling answers to questions or shouting in order to get other
shouting to stop. I heard the squeal of sneakers on sealed hardwood as
missing balls bounced alongside them. There was laughter and outrage and
praise, but I could see none of it. Every hall was deserted and each
classroom as empty as it should be this late at night. And yet it was
all so close. 

The mystery of what I kept hearing devolved into a quest to solve it,
one that brought me to the second-floor hallway where my locker had
been—where it still was. The sight of it stopped me. I knew which one
belonged to me without a doubt. My thumb and forefinger met to input a
combination that no longer had any correlation to numbers, just
instinctive movement, the kind that I used to complete with a mind
occupied by a million other impossibly important things, seemingly the
entire world.

A twist, a swing, and a swipe. The door opened with difficulty, how it
was supposed to.

At this point, I should state something directly. I screwed around a lot
in high school, but I’m not currently stupid. And I wasn’t that night,
either. I was standing in my high school in the middle of the night,
hearing the voices of people I couldn’t see. Obviously, something was
wrong. Perhaps it was because of my recent brush with psychiatric
medicine that some allowances were being made for experiences slightly
outside of the typical. But I wasn’t aware of how far I had traveled
down that road until the metal door swung inches from my face and
revealed a drawing by Nick Bertocchi taped to the other side. 

I recognized it the moment I saw it. An outlandish scene, set atop a
Möbius strip. Its central figure was a small, hunched man walking the
circuit between the two infinite loops. One side was presided over by a
mountainous, snarling ghoul brandishing a rusted butcher’s knife, and
the other was watched by its twin holding a soiled syringe. Nick had
handed it to me at my locker between classes one day and played off its
giving as a prank. But I had made sure he saw me hang it on the inside
of my locker door.

As much as I wanted to take the picture with me that night, something
inside me said it was wrong to remove it from the place of pride where
it had hung across time. And so instead, I poured over its scratchy
lines, every considered eraser mark. Nick had somehow found me again. Or
I had found him. Either way, I wasn’t letting go so easily.

At some point in my study of the drawing, the voices had stopped
speaking. I doubt I would have noticed at all if it hadn’t been for the
sound that replaced it. Two rubbery squeaks—one high, one low—in regular
intervals. My first thoughts tried to puzzle out what I was hearing, but
then I noticed that the voices from the classrooms around me hadn’t
actually been silenced, just quieted. They were whispering rapidly, as
if fearful of being overheard. When the voices nearest me grew even
dimmer, I could distinguish the character of the squeaks more clearly. 

They were footsteps, and they were getting closer.

Since I already explained that I’m not dumb, I won’t waste much space
here describing what happened next. I took a staircase in the opposite
direction of the footsteps, left through the cafeteria, and ventured
back beneath the bleachers. Even in my mind at its most frantic, it
stood to reason that my flight from the school would involve the stands
much as much as my journey inside had. When I emerged out the other end,
finding the cafeteria doors suddenly locked with chains once again
seemed utterly logical. I went straight home and didn’t come out from
under my covers until a gentle knock sounded on the door.

It was my mother. It was time for the funeral. 

***

Nick’s burial lacked all of the specificity that had brought so many of
his old friends back together the night before. It was a drab affair,
punctuated by dusty ceremony meant to comfort the living and by looks
secreted among friends all thinking the same thing. None of this was
Nick. 

With one of his drawings fresh in my mind, I had to agree, and with
every wrong turn the proceedings took in honoring the friend I had lost,
the picture returned to me. As I stood in the church pews, leaving it
behind the night before became more and more inexcusable. The trip home
had already dredged up so much guilt and regret, and yet there had been
more to mine. I hadn’t been the friend Nick  deserved, but I would have
rather lived with the painful memory of that failing than the craven
emptiness of forgetting it.

The group from the night before reconvened graveside once everything was
done. One of them asked if I was sticking around for the night. There
was going to be a proper send-off, one more befitting of the mastermind
behind our best brainless nights. I thanked them for the invitation and
said I would try to make it once some things around town had been taken
care of.

That night, the school was the same lonely scene I had found on my walk
home. And the fence was no easier to hop. The chains were affixed to the
cafeteria doors on one end of the bleachers and gone by the time I
reached the other. The voices echoing in the halls were still boisterous
and their sources still lost. I flung my locker open with abandon,
desperate to reclaim the gift I had been foolish enough to leave
behind. 

The clanging of the locker door against its neighbor must have masked an
abrupt hushing of the voices, because by the time the crash faded, the
footsteps were right behind me. 

And when I turned, the old woman was there.

She said I could stay as long as I’d like, but if I continued to make a
racket, she would have no choice but to handle me like she did that
other boy.
