Hey, I’ve always been big into camping and the outdoors, going camping
with my father about once a month since I was about 6. Anyway, i
recently turned 19 and passed my driving test (finally) and decided it
was time for my first solo camping trip. Just as a note, I live in a
small country so there is barely any stories about Bigfoot, skinwalkers,
wendigos etc. so naturally I grew up skeptical as no one around me had
had many creepy encounters. Anyway I decided to go camping in the
mountain range in the southeast of the country , beautiful part of the
country. Anyway it was about a 3 and a half hour drive to the carpark I
had marked off on google maps and when I got there I unpacked my gear
and began the hike up the mountains to find a place with a beautiful
view to set up camp. (I arrived at the carpark around 4:30 PM for
context so it was still light outside when I began my hike).

Eventually after hiking until about 8:30-9 I found a beautiful spot just
off the trail, keep in mind I only saw 4 other people on my hike up and
they were both couples and walking back in the direction of the carpark
so naturally I expected no other people to be up on the mountain
considering it was getting late. Anyway I had my camp set up around 9:30
maybe and began to collect firewood (mostly thin little sticks but
anything dry would do) and I lit my campfire and began to cook a burger
and read. After about 45 mins the sun went down so I decided it was time
to indulge in the beers I brought with me.

After 4-5 beers I started to feel pretty tired so decided I would go
into my tent and read my book for a while under the light of my
headlamp. After a while I dozed off (can’t really remember what time
maybe around 10:30-11) and woke up in the middle of the night drenched
in sweat for no apparent reason and my heart was beating out of my
chest. I had never felt this feeling before, almost dread/uncontrollable
fear. I tried to brush it off by saying to myself that I was just
paranoid because it was my first time solo camping. That’s when I heard
it. My father’s voice.

What. The. Fuck. “Hey, hey just thought I’d come out and check on you!”
What. The. Fuck. By this point I was absolutely petrified and had 0
intention of answering whatever this thing was or leaving my tent.
That’s when it spoke again “how about you come out your tent and talk to
me?” Fuck. It could see my tent. Then I began to hear an almost more
terrifying sound, the sound of dragging. Almost like someone dragging
their body across the brush. I was shaking with fear as I heard it get
closer and closer until I was certain it was right behind my head on the
other side of the tent.

I genuinely thought it was gonna be the end of me. I had to have passed
out at some point from pure terror and woke at 7:30. I almost thought
the night before was a nightmare until I looked down at the bottom of
the tent. It was fucking open. And what else did I see? Scratches all
over my legs. It had got into my tent. I jumped out the tent absolutely
terrified and searched around. I went behind the tent and then I seen
it. Drag marks. From the woods behind me right up to the back of my tent
where my head was. Fuck this. I packed up my camp in absolute record
time and sprinted down the mountain, making it back to my car by 9 AM.

I sped home in absolute silence, no radio, no nothing. Just thinking of
possible explanations for the night before, maybe it was a fox? No,
foxes scream/squeal, not talk, especially in my father’s voice. When I
got home my parents instantly realised something was wrong and asked
what happened. I told them and they believed me, thank god. The last
thing I wanted was for them to think I’m crazy. I have been camping
since but I made sure my father tagged along with me.
