My favorite fact to use in Two Truths, One Lie is that I saw a ghost
when I was seven. It all started one morning when I was hunched over a
new toy I’d just gotten. It was a bright red, blue, and yellow plastic
toy with PERFECTION printed along the top. You would wind up the toy and
push down on the blue tray. Various shapes were cut out in the tray, and
you needed to match the yellow pieces to the cutouts before time was up.
If you failed, the tray would spring up with a loud crack, sending the
yellow pieces scattering across the room. This sudden sharp noise and
chaotic movement never failed to make me jump. It always caused my
little heart to thump like a hummingbird’s with a strange mixture of
excitement and dread. By this point, I had been enthralled by the game
for hours, blocking out everything else completely.

Tick…tick…tick, tick, ticktickticktick….

My heartbeat matched the timer as the game drew closer to the end. I had
only a couple more pieces left to match.

I can win this time, I thought before dropping a piece in place.

I watched as it bounced off the side of the toy toward my bed. I
scrambled forward to grab it, terrified of losing it when I only had two
pieces left of the puzzle. My whole body froze as a low, monotone groan
caught my attention. It sounded deep and hoarse, like the person had
lost their voice after a long fight with illness. It broke through the
furious clicks of the game’s timer as if the person was right behind me.
Goosebumps broke out as the sound grew quieter and strained, as if it
took tremendous effort to make such a sound.

The game popped, causing me to yelp and whirl around, eyes large and
wild. I saw nothing behind me. There was no one lurking behind my open
bedroom door or hiding in my closet. Just a quiet and still room. I
cocked my head, straining my ears to see if I could hear where the
gravelly voice came from. I couldn’t hear it anymore. Everything was
drowned out by the sounds of my mom yelling at my older brother. It was
something about him eating through the whole refrigerator and failing
algebra. I was struggling with long division at the time, so I always
felt Mom was too harsh on him about math. I never said anything, though.
My brother didn’t exactly like me when we were younger.

He’s seven years older than me and would have rather done anything else
than watch his younger sister. He always was stuck with watching me
since our mom had to work two jobs to keep us afloat. He often used
these times of a lack of parental supervision as opportunities to scare
me. This usually took the form of him shoving me into the bathroom while
turning off all the lights. I’d yelp and skitter across the cold tiles,
standing there disoriented in the dark. He’d stand on the other side of
the door and hold the door shut so I couldn’t get out. He’d always
laughed as I pleaded and begged to be let out until snot and tears ran
down my face. I still can’t stand the dark now as an adult.

I rolled out of bed one night, half asleep and dancing on my tiptoes as
the urge to pee was too strong. Still half asleep, my eyes drooped, and
my head bobbed as I sat on the toilet. Yawning, I jumped off and started
to wash my hands. A small movement in the mirror caught my eye. There
was a single rubber glove sticking out of the bottom of the utility
closet next to the shower. I stared, baffled at the item. I knew there
was nothing in the closet but towels and a hole in the wall when the
plumber came to fix the leak, but he never closed it.

The glove twitched, causing me to jump. The curled fingers straightened
out slowly. A cold chill went down my spine as I realized it wasn’t a
glove but a pale hand sticking out of the closet. The folds in what I
thought was a rubber glove turned into wrinkles while speckles of dirt
bloomed into liver spots. The hand slunk back into the closet, causing
me to jump with a ragged gasp.

I ran from the bathroom crying. My mom was startled and slightly
irritated that I was waking her up in the middle of the night.

“It’s just a bad dream. There’s nothing in your closet,” she muttered,
eyes still closed as her head rested against the pillow.

Her breath grew heavy, and she began to snore once more. I shook her
harder and yelled into her ear,

“Not my room! The bathroom! There’s a ghost in the bathroom.”

She sat up finally, a deep scowl on her face. Her eyes studied me for a
moment. I was shaking and crying still, and I wiped my snotty nose off
on the back of my hand. She sighed heavily and reached for a tissue box
on the nightstand table. My mother gently cleaned my face and asked me
again to explain what happened. I explained again what I saw through
hiccuping gasps.

“Do you want me to go check in the bathroom, sweetie?”

I nodded vigorously; however, I also didn’t want to be left alone. I
held her nightshirt tightly as I walked behind her into the bathroom. My
body tensed as she turned on the light. I was half expecting to see a
scary old woman sitting in the tub, but there was nothing there. I could
only hear the sound of the bathroom fan and the drip-drip-drip of the
water into the sink.

My eyes darted around the bathroom, searching for the ghost — but I
found nothing. My mom opened the closet, and I hid my face in her back.
I waited for a gasp of horror, a scream, something to show that she saw
what I had. My mom didn’t say anything. She just sighed heavily and
reached back to pet my head.

“Missy, baby, look. There’s nothing here.”

I hesitantly peeked out. The yellow-white shelves sagged slightly with
towels, laundry detergent, and extra soap. My eyes fell on the
rectangular hole on the right side of the closet wall. I saw copper
pipes leading downwards into the dark. I squinted to peer closer at the
dark hole in the wall. It opened up into the wall cavity where my room
was and deeper into the house. I waited for a white face to pop out like
that ghost kid from the Grudge movie. My mom didn’t know I saw that
movie, and I was afraid I’d get in trouble if she knew. I snuck out of
my room past my bedtime one night to watch the scary movie over the back
of the couch as my brother lay passed out. He snored too, so I could
barely hear anything on the TV, but I remembered ducking down and
covering my eyes when I saw the ghost kid for the first time on the
screen.

Nothing popped out. I couldn’t see any eyes peeking out from the
darkness. I couldn’t hear anything either. My face began to burn as I
realized there was nothing there. My mom didn’t believe me, even though
I knew what I saw. She led me away from the bathroom, asking if I wanted
to sleep in her bed tonight. I didn’t answer but ran to the bed and
huddled beneath the covers. I hoped if I hid underneath long enough, the
ghost wouldn’t be able to find me and move on.

“Wait!” I yelled as my mom started to settle back into bed.

“What?” She snapped, her voice rough and tired.

I tucked my head down and mumbled, “Can we sleep with the bathroom light
on?”

She must have felt bad for snapping at me because she got up without a
word and turned the light on. She squeezed my hand as we lay together.
Eventually my eyes grew heavier and heavier until I passed out.

I didn’t see the hand again, but other weird things started happening
after that. I heard scratching in the walls that my mom swore was
squirrels. It seemed to be following me throughout the house. I’d hear
it when I was in the kitchen or the green playroom. Every time I heard
it, I’d jump and yell, but the noise would always disappear by the time
my mom came to investigate. My brother constantly teased me about
believing in ghosts.

“The house was built for us, dummy. No one’s lived here but us. How can
it be haunted?”

I’d argue with him until I was blue in the face. No matter what anyone
said, I was completely convinced the house was haunted. It wasn’t just
the scratching noises. Sometimes, I’d smell something horrible in my
closet or the bathroom. It smelled like rotten meat and my brother’s
armpits after a hot day. It lingered in the air, causing my eyes to
water, and I’d gag. My mom called another plumber to see if there was a
leak or backup. They never found anything wrong.

Then, things started to move around the house. Small things at first,
like a chair sticking out from the dining room table. A broken vase in
the living room. One time we came home to find a wooden TV dinner stand
— that was usually tucked beside the fridge — set up in the living room
in front of the couch. It was as if we caught someone having a meal.

Some of my clothes started to go missing too. Clean folded laundry would
be in disarray across my bedroom floor. My mom would scold me for
leaving a mess, but she never believed me when I told her that the ghost
did it. Food still disappeared, causing more fights between my mom and
brother. She was convinced he was lying, and my brother thought our mom
was finding things to punish him over.

Then, a few weeks after I saw the ghost hand, I saw a figure standing in
my bedroom.

I don’t remember what woke me, but my eyes flew open and darted around
the room. It was late into the night and very dark. There was no light
except for the small nightlight by my bedroom door and the
glow-in-the-dark stars littered across my walls and ceiling. I started
to close my eyes again when I realized what was wrong with my room. My
closet door was wide open. I never slept with it open, often afraid of
dark creatures lurking inside. I knew it had been closed when I went to
bed.

I gaped at the open closet. My feet were already slipping out of bed to
dart down the hallway to my mom’s room – when a small creaking noise
drew my attention back towards the gaping darkness. A man was crouching
beside my desk next to the open closet. For a horrifying moment, I
thought he had no eyes. But the nightlight cast deep shadows onto his
aging face. His eyes were dark and sunk deep back in his skull, making
him look more like a walking skeleton. To me, it looked as if he were
made from shadows, as only half of his body was visible from the closet.
His hand was curled tightly around the desk leg. My eyes widened in fear
as I realized it was the same leathery and wrinkled hand I’d seen in the
bathroom. I screamed, and he bolted back into the closet, disappearing
fully into the darkness.

I could hear the sound of slapping bare feet on the wooden floor and
banging inside the walls as the ghost disappeared. My mom flew into the
room. She turned on the light only to see me balled up in the corner of
my bed against the wall. I was shaking and crying about the ghost I saw.
My mom ran to me, wrapping me in her arms as she rocked me back and
forth. She rubbed my back as she whispered soothing words into my ears.
My brother appeared sleepy and yawning in my bedroom doorway. He was
frowning, his voice deep with sleep as he said,

“Can you just shut up for one night? This shit is ridiculous.”

“Edward,” my mother exclaimed, displeasure at his swearing heavy in her
voice as she whipped around to face him.

“What?” He exclaimed, irritation heavy in his voice. “She does this
every night.”

“Can you make yourself useful and grab me a flashlight?”

My brother grumbled the whole way, but he came back with a flashlight in
hand. My mom took it from him and flicked it on. She stepped into the
closet and shined the light into the other plumbing access hole. She
leaned her head into the hole, causing my body to tense up tight. Part
of me was worried she would find nothing like always. He’d been so real
— so vivid and solid right in front of me. It had to be real.

I waited for her to lean back with a sigh and tell me nothing was there.
Instead, my mom froze, her dead tucked inside the hole giving her the
look of a beheaded woman. My brother and I stared, confused, as she
suddenly gasped and jerked back. Thomas walked over to her cautiously as
my mom had begun to hyperventilate.

“What is it?” I said. It went unnoticed.

My brother peeked his head inside only to stumble back in shock. His
brown eyes were wide with terror as he shrank down to stand behind our
mom.

“Mom?” He asked after a moment of silence. “Mom, is that a–”

“Grab your sister and get to the car.”

When Eddy didn’t move, my mom let out a shark bark. “Now!”

Eddy jumped and spun around to grab my arm. I fought as he pulled me
from the bed.

“Mom, what is it? Is it the ghost?”

“Shut up, Missy. Go!” My brother growled.

He sounded angry, but his face was pale and his eyes unfocused. He
looked more scared to me than anything. This, combined with my mom’s own
terrified reaction, made me cry harder. Why wasn’t my mom saying
anything? What did they see? I dug my heels into the ground and flopped
over, too scared to move. My brother didn’t try to drag me anymore but
lifted me, kicking and screaming into his arms. My mom was very close
behind with the car keys tucked between her fingers like an off-brand
Wolverine. Her eyes kept darting backwards to my room, as if she
expected something to jump out after us.

We left the house with nothing. Not a single packed bag or personal
item. I remember we drove to a nearby motel. My mom was on the phone
with someone as she drove. She was distracted and swerved a lot, but we
made it in one piece. She told my brother to take me to the room while
she had to meet some people outside. My brother didn’t talk to me or
answer any questions about what he saw. He just closed the window
curtains and watched our mom outside. He wouldn’t tell me who she was
talking to. Eventually, I was so bored and tired that I passed out
without really ever finding out. Still today, my mom doesn’t like
talking about our old house. In my child-sized brain, I thought it was
because of the ghost. That she and my brother finally saw it, and it
scared them so much we had to move. We ended up driving 15 hours the
next day to go stay with our grandma in Ohio. I remember being really
confused about why we were leaving.

“But it’s not Christmas,” I said. We always stayed with Mamaw during
Christmas. She lived so far away that we only got enough time to see her
during the Christmas break.

My mom shot me a tight-lipped smile from the rearview mirror.

“Well, I thought it would be a good time to go visit. She gets lonely,
you know?”

We ended up moving to Ohio shortly after that. We stayed with Mamaw for
almost a year before the old house was able to sell. I had night terrors
for years. I slept with the lights on for months after seeing that
ghost. I still couldn’t sleep in a completely dark room. So I keep a
nightlight plugged in right next to my bedroom door like I did when I
was younger.

A few years after the move, the ghost faded into a spooky childhood
memory that I was half convinced hadn’t been real. We never really
talked about that night. My mom and my brother never brought it up.
Whenever I tried to, I was often cut off.

“Just drop it,” my brother snapped.

“There was a really bad leak. We couldn’t stay,” my mom would reassure
me.

Neither offered much comfort to my confused, young mind. So I pushed it
out. The memory was now a fun tale for those looking for some ghostly
thrills during a Halloween party. Now the only uneasiness that lingered
was the occasional nightmare I suffered of the apparition of that man.
In fact, a recent one had me bring the subject back up with my mom one
night at a Sunday family dinner.

“Mom, do you remember our old house?” I asked, trying and failing to
sound casual about the subject.

Her fork clattered loudly against the plate, causing me to wince at the
loud, shrieking tone.

“I don’t think it’s important,” she said.

I studied her for a moment. Her eyes were dark and locked onto the
yellow tablecloth in front of her. Her dark hair was graying now at her
temples, and wrinkles lined her forehead and her mouth. They deepened as
she frowned, seemingly lost in thought. I realized in that moment just
how old she looked. How tired, even. I never noticed before how
uncomfortable the subject actually made my moment. I glanced uneasily at
my brother. I was unsure if I should keep pushing and looked to him for
a reaction.

Eddy’s teeth ground together as his jaw locked in place. He looked
angry. I thought at first it was directed at me for bringing up the
ghost again. But his dark glare was fixed on our mom. She still refused
to meet our eyes as the silence stretched before us for an awkward
moment.

“I’m sorry,” I started to say. Eddy cut me off before I could finish.

“You need to tell her, Mom.”

My mom only bit her lip and shook her head. I stared at her dumbfounded
at the sudden emotional flip-flop the question brought. I turned to my
brother for an answer. He shifted from foot to foot nervously. Eddy also
glanced away from me as I waited for an answer. He now looked reluctant
to keep speaking.

“What is it?” I snapped, tired of this back-and-forth game.

“It was a man, Missy. Not a ghost.”

I blinked, confusion washing over me like a tidal wave. What was he
saying?

“What?” I blurted out.

Eddy’s brown eyes met mine, and I knew he wasn’t lying. I shook my head
as he kept speaking, unwilling to accept it.

“That night, we saw a bunch of trash and food just inside the wall. Some
of your clothes were even buried in the insulation there. When Mom
called the police, they found a man living inside our walls.”

I gaped like a fish and spun around to face my mom. Her hands hid her
face as her shoulders shook from tears.

“It’s all my fault,” she sobbed. “That damn plumber. He never patched it
up.”

An icy cold sensation spread like fire inside my stomach at her words.
It turns out the ghost I first saw in the bathroom wasn’t a ghost at
all. It was an old man who became obsessed with the little girl at one
of the jobs he worked. He’d been living inside the walls for months at
that point. He was the one stealing food and my clothes. He’d sneak out
at night when we were asleep just to watch me. That night just happened
to be the one he got caught. My mom thought it’d be best if I never
knew. She didn’t want to scare me because I’d been so young and unaware
when it happened.

“It was supposed to be a bad dream,” was all she said.

The man had been in jail for only a few months before dying of a heart
attack. I made the mistake of looking up his mugshot one drunken night.
Sometimes, I think I still see him hiding in the corner of my room, dark
shadows dancing across his wrinkled face.

I wish I never asked my mom about the ghost in the bathroom.
