“David, good morning! How are you feeling today?”
The nurse asked me as she came in with a small paper cup filled to the
brim with water. I hauled my typing and set my laptop beside me on the
old hospital bed.

“I’ve been worse…”
I managed a smile as she handed me the cup of water.
“Thank you.”
After some friendly banter while she checked my vitals, I pulled my
laptop back over and began to type out my story, while the trauma was
still fresh in my mind.

By all accounts, this was going to be a normal vacation for me. My
parents lived on the opposite side of the country; therefore travelling
by plane was the fastest way to get there. I never liked heights and had
taken an anti-motion sickness pill and fallen asleep before the plane
took off. I slept easy, thinking that I’d see my parents at an airport
in Alberta soon. I was a fool to think so. This is where the tragedy
began. Thousands of feet in the air above the unexplored wildlife. 

The loudest sound I ever heard had woken me, the grinding of the metal,
and the roaring of the wind were all I could hear. Instantly, I was
dazed. I half thought that I was still dreaming at that moment.
Everything was fuzzy and my ears rang. A red light flashed from
somewhere in the plane and, though I could not hear it, I imagine that
an emergency siren was wailing as well. The overhead oxygen masks
dangled around me, and people were struggling to put them on. A mother
rushed from her seat beside me towards her two children sitting a row
ahead of us to help them with their masks. A hostess ran to help the
woman with her children. A man reached for someone. A young woman
screamed. One man sat and stared ahead in a state of shock. Chaos; that
is the only word that can describe what was happening. As I felt the
plane begin to drop, I began to realize that my worst fears were coming
true. The plane was going to crash.

I grabbed the overhanging mask and secured it over my face. I tightened
my seatbelt. No matter how hard I pulled the seatbelt, it never seemed
to be snug enough. The woman took her seat next to me and strapped
herself in after ensuring that her children were as safe as they could
be. I looked out the window to my right and noticed a thick, dark, gray
cloud of smoke emanating from the cockpit. Was there some sort of
explosion? Surely I would have heard if there was? The plane appeared to
be dropping nose-first towards the ground. I clenched my fists and held
my breath. I closed my eyes and imagined my parents finding out that I
had died in a crash. I waited. Waited. And waited. Screams and cries
filled my ears. I think I heard a priest screaming some sort of prayer.
I wasn’t listening to any of that. The little voice in my head screamed
in terror and imagined a horrible death for every passenger, myself
included, and then black. 

I woke up probably a few minutes after the crash. It’s funny how the
human brain works. I may have been awake and fully lucid during the
crash however, I cannot for the life of me remember any details until
after the event. That’s neither here nor there. When I came to, the
ringing was the first thing that assaulted my senses. I was unable to
hear anything and my vision blurred. Slowly, the ringing faded and my
ears were filled with the cries and wails of the survivors. I pulled my
mask off gradually and my vision eventually came back. The plane had
landed on one side and I was suspended in the air. Most of the shuttle
was filled with the deceased or horribly wounded. I took note of my
surroundings for a few more minutes and allowed myself to feel around
and move my arms and legs. I then positioned myself so that I would land
on my feet once I unbuckled my seatbelt. Then I unbuckled. 

I screamed in pain as I hit the side, or I suppose new floor, of the
plane. My knees buckled and my ankles gave out. I crawled my way towards
the gaping hole in the plane where the cockpit once was. Most of the
survivors were already outside, a few of them taking inventory and going
through luggage bags, most were still in shock. A young man about my age
was tending the best he could to the wounded. The first thing that I
felt was the cold, hard, frozen ground. Snow, or maybe ash falling from
the sky. The clouds were dark and stormy. Snow-covered evergreen trees
were in every direction. We were lost, cold, hungry and most of us
wounded. I collapsed in the snow and lay there, my whole body aching. 

The next few hours were the longest few hours of my life. The young man
who tended to the injured early on, whom I came to learn was named
Thompson, had looked at my legs. My left ankle was shattered but
everything else was fine. He advised me to stay off my feet and sit. 

“You’re a doctor?” I asked him.

“Uh, no. Not really. I mean I have some basic medical background. My
mother was a nurse.” His voice was soft, nervous. He sounded like he was
on the verge of crying. I think we all were. “No, I uh,” He cleared his
throat and spoke with a fake confidence that I wish I had. “I’m a social
worker. Child psychiatrist. PhD in Psychology.”

“Oh, wow, I’d never be able to manage that,” I stuttered out. “I’m a
head chef in Toronto.”

Thompson sat beside me. “Kingston. My parents are from Toronto though.”
We talked a while and got to learn each other’s life stories. Honestly,
it was just to keep our minds off of what had happened. I don’t think
anyone there really knew what was going on. I didn’t really process the
crash for a few days after it had happened anyway.

Thompson had gone to speak to the mother and her two kids and help keep
them calm after a while. She was the same lady who sat beside me on the
plane. I learned that her name was Katherine, but she went by Kate. Her
sons were Luke and Zach. Luke was three years older than Zach. Kate had
a sister, Erin. Erin was apparently the hostess who was working on that
plane, the same one who tried to help secure the children, her nephews,
during the crash. They looked nothing alike. Erin had short, blonde hair
while Kate had long, reddish brown hair. Honestly, Kate’s two boys
seemed to resemble their aunt rather than their mother. 

A tall, muscular man was taking charge and ordering the less wounded to
look through luggage for food and tools. Obviously there was no cellular
reception out in the woods, almost everyone tried anyway but to no
avail. The bald, buff man dropped a few suitcases by me and told me to
‘find anything useful’ and I complied. An older man and his new chunky
friend had begun picking up branches and wood from the crash site and
lit a small fire outside the plane’s new entrance. Everyone huddled
inside the plane and by the fire when nightfall hit. 

Thompson suggested out loud that we get to know each other.

“If we’re going to be stuck here, together, we should get to know one
another. Even just a name. Sharing private information is a big first
step in trusting strangers.” He spoke charismatically. I thought that he
might take the leadership role from the muscular man, but I was wrong. 

“I’ll start…” The tall, muscular man spoke after a long pause. 

“I’m John. I’ll be taking charge here. I spent the better part of my
life in prison. I think I know a thing or two about survival.” Nobody
made eye contact with him. We all just stared into the fire. Fear began
to rise up my spine. “Do what I say and we’ll get along just fine.”

“Did you know the man who walked inside my cockpit?” The pilot spoke up.
She was young and had burn marks all across the right side for her face.
“He said that he was never going back to jail right before he blew
himself and my copilot up to hell.” She stared at John. I could see the
hatred in her eyes. Everyone began to whisper. 

“I didn’t know that he was going to bomb the plane.” John began. 

“But you knew him?” The pilot retaliated. 

“Ladies and gentlemen! Calm yourself!” A well-dressed and elderly man
wearing chipped glasses rose to his feet. “All we can do is pray. God
will answer our cries for help.”

I dozed off when the priest began to preach. I was never really
religious; however, I wasn’t against people having blind faith in what
they believe in. I was exhausted. I wanted nothing more than to be
anywhere but in that wreckage, by that fire and with those people.
Especially John. He scared me. He openly admitted he was a criminal…
Why? To keep fear instilled in the survivors? Why was he interested in
keeping us alive? Or was this some sort of game, some sort of trick? My
head rushed and my thoughts didn’t make any sort of sense. Slowly, my
thoughts faded and eventually, so did the priest’s prayers. The glow of
the fire eventually dimmed to black and somehow, I had fallen into a
deep slumber. I was startled awake in the middle of the night by
Thompson.

“David!” He whisper-yelled as he shook me. 

“Wha-What? Thompson?” 

I nearly jumped out of my skin. I glanced around in a panic before
looking over to Thompson’s thin frame barely visible in the glowing
light of the ashes where our fire used to be.

“I think…” He paused. “I think I heard an animal, a- a bear or,” As my
eyes adjusted, I could see his face filled with fear as he looked
towards the pitch black forest.

“I don’t think anything will get too close to here, there’s a lot of us,
man. And there was a fire, I’ll bet the ashes are still warm.” I
whispered back, trying to reassure him. “If you’re worried, just go-” I
began but was cut off by a loud cry from the woods. It was hard to
explain the sound. The noise almost resembled a big moose or a bear
huffing or grunting combined with that of an enormous bat creating a
shrill wail. It was both the deepest and highest-pitched sound I have
ever heard. I had never heard anything like that before in my life. I
froze instantly. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. In all
honesty, I nearly wet my pants then and there. The sound was just so…
haunting…

“That’s the sound…” Thompson whispered. He was so quiet that I hardly
heard him speak. “And it’s getting closer…”

After about an hour of silence, Thompson had eventually moved further
into the plane and likely had fallen asleep. I didn’t sleep for a few
more hours. I kept scanning the treeline. It felt as though the animal
that created that sound was still there. Honestly, it likely had left
long ago, but I just kept searching for it. I did fall asleep again, but
I think I only got about an hour of sleep before the bald man, John,
began to wake us up. 

“There’s a lot that needs to be done today. I’m going to put everyone
into groups of two and give you jobs for today.” He began.

“George and Bill,” He pointed to the two men who started the fire the
night before. “Look for water. We need fresh water, and we’ll need fish
if we can find some. Then it’s fire duty.” The men quietly nodded. The
older man, George, was apparently a local butcher in a small town
outside Toronto. He and his wife were going out west on vacation. Sadly,
his wife didn’t survive the crash. I would later find out from Thompson
that George had tried to ask John on several occasions to stay back with
his wife’s body to mourn but John wouldn’t let him.

Bill, on the other hand, was the shorter, chubby man who was a farmer
and a fisherman. He was going out west to sell his old hunting rifles to
a friend of his. He had a heart condition that deemed him unfit for
hunting alone. When John found out that there was a rifle on board the
plane, he seemed too excited for me to be comfortable with. 

“David, you and Edwin are going to sit tight and go through some more
luggage. Clothes in one pile, potential weapons in the other, food and
water in its own pile and so forth.” John told us. 

Edwin’s parents moved from a city in Africa when they were young and
came to Canada to live. Edwin was born and raised in Ottawa and became a
hockey player. No, he’s not famous, only local. His right leg was
crushed in the crash and Thompson had tied it off above the knee. It was
really gnarly looking. We chatted for hours as we organized our
findings. 

John, the priest, the pilot, Thompson and the hostess, Erin, gathered
the dead in piles on a makeshift sled and moved them away from the crash
site. It was hard to watch when they took away George’s wife, knowing
that George would come back and find his wife gone forever. 

“The guy’s messed up,” Edwin commented while staring at John. I only
nodded in agreement. 

Later that day a woman wearing a thick, green jacket approached Edwin
and I. She dropped three, fairly clean rabbit corpses beside me.

“What the Hell?!” If I had eaten at all I probably would have thrown it
all up. The young tan woman brushed her long black hair out of her face,
and asked;

“You told the doctor that you’re a chef, right?” She motioned at the
rabbits as though it was obvious. “There. Meat.” She turned and began to
walk away. I noticed that she had a fairly sophisticated-looking bow
strapped to her back. It almost looked to have been home-made. The wood
was smooth and had extravagant patterns carved into it. A leather band
for grip was wrapped around the wood where she would hold the bow. 

“Her name’s Yura. She was headed out to an archery contest in Alberta.”
I looked back to Edwin. He gave me a slight smile.

I looked at him in confusion.

 “She, uh, sat next to me on the plane.” He explained. Edwin and I
continued to gossip about the other survivors until George and Bill had
returned to camp, bringing along several plastic food containers of
water with them, but unfortunately no fish.

“It’s the darndest thing…” Bill told John when they had arrived. “The
stream was massive, quite large across and yet there wasn’t a single
trout swimmin’ around!”

I allowed George some time to grieve over his wife before I asked him to
help me clean the rabbits and cook them over the fire. I had found a box
of vegetable-flavoured crackers and crushed them over the rabbit meat to
make a sort of crunchy coating before we put them on a homemade grill
looking piece of metal, scrap from the plane, and allowed them to cook
over the fire. I overheard John talking to Edwin behind me as the food
cooked. 

“We won’t survive on one meal a day.” John said sternly.

“Talk to Yura, she’s the hunter.” Edwin quickly replied.

“Bill has a hunting rifle. You two need to find that. Fast.” John left
before Edwin could reply. John marched off elsewhere, leaving Edwin in
stunned silence.

It was almost pitch black outside by the time the food was ready. It
wasn’t late in the day; the days are just so short in a Canadian winter.
It was likely around four thirty in the afternoon. By nightfall, John
began to hand out extra clothes to keep everyone warm. He also set up
the classic ‘one person on guard at all times’ system. I offered to keep
watch first but John refused.

“We want someone who can stand a chance in a fight, not someone who
can’t even stand at all.” I didn’t understand his logic, because my new
handicap didn’t prevent me from yelling to wake the group up, but I
decided not to argue with him. I figured it was best to stay on the
criminal’s good side. “How do you expect to protect anyone by just
sitting there?” I knew he didn’t want an answer to that question, so I
didn’t reply.

Before we settled inside the plane for another night in the woods,
Thompson led a group activity to get to know everyone better and the
priest, Father Garbiel, led a group prayer session. He had a fancy term
for it, but I don’t remember the word he used. I also learned that the
pilot’s name was Grace and this was her first solo flight. Her co-pilot
was her trainer and was there to oversee the flight and whatnot. A sort
of ‘final exam’ if you will. As I dozed off, I tried to remember
everyone mentally.

Kate was the mom. Her kids were Luke and Zach. Her sister was the
hostess… What was her name? Erin, that was it. John, he’s not hard to
forget. George. Poor George. Bill, the farmer with heart problems. Edwin
and Thompson, my newest… Friends? Father Gabriel and Grace the pilot.
And then there’s Yura, our hunter. I think Edwin said she was a
photographer who had taken up archery at a young age… About two hundred
people were on the plane and now there’s only thirteen survivors…
Thirteen… I dozed off listening to the others talk quietly amongst
themselves.

“David! Psst! David!” Thompson had, again, shook me awake.

“Hmm?” I groaned as I came to.

“The thing, I-I-I,” He stuttered. “I think it’s back.”

“What thing?” I whispered. I had somehow completely forgotten about the
animalistic snarling from the night before. I suppose I had a lot on my
mind with the whole crash and its aftermath.  The shrill, bone-chilling
monstrous cry sent fear rippling through my body. I sat up straight, now
fully awake. I remembered instantly what Thompson was talking about. 

“What the fuck was that?!” John screamed out. I suppose the creature had
awoken everyone. People murmured and whispered in confusion. 

What was left of the plane suddenly felt even more dangerous than the
open, dark woods. We were caged animals. Sitting ducks. The sound of
knives being dragged across metal came from the wall behind me. I didn’t
dare look out any of the plane windows in fear of what I would see.
Everyone was frozen in fear for what felt like hours. The dim light of
the fire was only enough to reveal the terror in every one of the
survivors’ faces. I glanced around at everyone. It was so quiet that I
could almost hear Erin’s heart beating from the opposite wall. She was
shaking the most, tears streaming makeup down her cheeks all over again.
Her uniform was drenched in sweat. 

Suddenly, a pained gasp blurted out from towards the firepit. I quickly
glanced over to see Bill clutching his chest and gasping for breath.
Bill’s heart couldn’t take the stress, I thought. Then, Bill was simply
gone, almost as though he had never been sitting there a moment before.
If he had screamed, I wouldn’t have noticed. I think Bill was pulled
into the darkness by a demonic entity. At first, I had barely seen it. I
didn’t even see from which direction it had attacked from, just a blur.
Everyone was in shock until the morning. I don’t think anyone moved from
their positions even to blink. 

The morning came and so did the arguing. Everyone saw something
different the night before. John was blamed for taking charge of the
survivors and leaving the poor man to die. Some folks thought that
Thompson had woken the animal up and led it to us somehow. The details
of what the creature looked like differed from person to person. I had
personally thought the creature had a deep, black fur coat, but Erin
said it had no fur. I think one of the kids said they saw a deer take
Bill away. Kate tried to keep her kids out of the discussion as much as
possible, rightfully so. John wanted to look for the beast during the
day, when it was most likely asleep, but Yura disagreed.

“Travelling in a group away from the rest of the survivors to find a
hostile animal? Without any real weapon? That’s not even mentioning how
unlikely it is that you’d find the creature before nightfall.”

“Then you go, Princess!” John ordered but Yura only chuckled to herself
and shook her head.

“Like anyone’s gonna listen to the man who’s getting us killed,” She
retorted. George quickly stepped in.

“What the hell was he supposed to do?! There’s nothing that anyone could
have done differently!” George backed up John fiercely. “This guy seems
to know his stuff, we’d be lost without him!”

Yura began to curse them both out in a burst of anger. At some point
Thompson had tried to intervene and calm the quarrelling but to no
avail. John was quick to shove Thompson to the ground.

“Stay out of this, Tommy!” John yelled at the poor guy who cowered in
the snow beneath him. “I’m taking a party to search for him!” He yelled
at everyone, scanning the crowd as he did so.

“Tommy here has volunteered!”

“What?! N-no I haven’t!!” Thompson tried to argue back.

“I’m taking all the hands I can spare, Tommy… You, George, Gabriel and I
are going. Half of the others are crippled or children…” John stated as
though his mind was already made up. Then he looked over to Erin as she
cowered in fear. “Or just plain useless…” He added. 

Nobody said anything for a long while. George sharpened a few sticks as
weapons and Father Gabriel packed a lighter, some more of the vegetable
crackers, some water bottles, a wristwatch and a compass into a
backpack. After John and his search party ate some small snacks and
gathered their supplies, they began to head towards the treeline. John
made sure to give us all our jobs for the day and he expected to see
some progress when he returned. 

Yura and the pilot, Grace, headed towards the wood in a different
direction in search of small game.  I stayed with Edwin, sat against the
wall of the plane wreckage, sharpening sticks to use as spears or pikes
to stick around camp. Kate sang quietly to her two boys as she sorted
through clothing to see what was salvageable. Her and Erin took the
non-useable clothing and then sorted it between items we could use for
bandages and items we could just burn. By about lunch hour, Erin, Kate
and the boys, Luke and Zach scavenged the clearing for more wood to
burn. Nobody dared get too close to the treeline. After sharpening a few
dozen sticks between the pair of us, I turned to face Edwin. He was
looking feverish by now. 

“Hey, man…” I started. “You doing okay?”

Edwin only shook his head.

“Let me look at your bandages, okay?” I didn’t wait for him to reply. I
unwrapped the blood-soaked cloth from around his crushed leg and gasped.
The little that I could see beneath his shredded jeans was not looking
good. The leg had begun to turn a deep black colour and was obviously
beginning to decay. “Can you feel your toes?” 

“No…” He said slowly. “It needs…” his voice trailed off, however, I knew
what he was going to say. The leg needs to be removed. I took a torn
shirt from the pile of clothing to be used for medical care and began to
tightly rewrap his leg.

“Just, take a break from sharpening the sticks Edwin…” I quietly spoke
to him. That haunting image of his leg burned into my mind and as I
pictured it again and again in my head, my own ankle didn’t hurt as
much. “Drink lots of water too, okay?” I handed him a half used water
bottle.

Not long after Erin, Kate and the boys returned with wood, Yura and
Grace came back with only one rabbit and two squirrels. 

“There isn’t a lot of wildlife in the area…” Yura said as she dropped
the carcasses in my lap. “It’s too quiet out there. I don’t like it.”

“It’s winter though, so there isn’t going to be a lot of wildlife
anyway, right?” I questioned.

“It’s the tail end of winter.” Yura quickly corrected as she looked
around the clearing. “There should be a lot more wildlife out and about
by this late in the season. My father was a hunter in what should be
Métis territory, he taught me how the land and its animals provide
during the different seasons.” She paused for a moment, staring off into
the forest. “The search party back yet?”

“No. Haven’t seen them around.” Kate spoke up, still sorting through the
luggage.

“It’s almost dark, they should be back soon.” Grace said out loud, as
she looked up to the sky. Her short brown hair falling back slightly,
exposing the burns on the side of her face more. They looked painful. “I
hope.” She quietly added after a moment of looking into the cloudy sky,
now growing darker by the minute.

“I can’t imagine hoping to see that John guy come back alive.” Yura
scoffed and walked towards the treeline. “I’ll keep an eye out for them.
Once the sun sets, I’m coming back.” She called to us over her shoulder.
Grace knelt down to get a closer look at Edwin. 

“He’s not doing good.” I told her. Edwin was barely conscious by this
point, his eyes fluttering open occasionally. Sweat laced his brow and
his face had slowly turned a pale shade of green. He was dying, and we
all knew it. “Isn’t there a radio or something? A tracker in the cockpit
that we can use?” I asked Grace as she opened Edwin’s bandages to get a
closer look. She winced as she saw his wounds. 

“There isn’t much left of the cockpit to begin with…” Grace finally said
as she tied Edwin’s bandages tightly. “John’s buddy blew it the hell
up…”

Yura, accompanied by John, George, Thompson and Father Gabriel, returned
moments before the sun had set, sending the world around the campfire
into darkness. Everyone had defeated looks on their faces. John told
Yura and George to collect the sharpened sticks that Edwin and I had
made all day and stick them firmly into the ground around the opening of
the plane. Yura made no verbal retort, but her body language said what
was on her mind. John didn’t make any comment on her attitude. 

“We found Bill.” John announced. “Or, what was left of him, I should
say.” John had a small smirk on his face. I don’t really know how anyone
would think this is funny but John sure seemed to think there was
something worth laughing over. He chuckled slightly before continuing.

“The poor bastard was skinned alive; the thing hung his damn skin out to
dry in a tree outside a cave.” Gasps escaped the survivor’s lips and
murmurs began.

“Do you really need to tell us this?!” Kate spoke up. “We’ve had it hard
enough as is! I don’t want my boys to hear anything more from you
about-”

“Look, miss, it’s important you hear this.” John quickly interrupted
her. “I’m being transparent with you on what we found. If we stick
together, and you follow what I say…”

Erin then interrupted John. “Do you have any kind of rescue plan?!”

For a moment, John just stood there in stunned shock. It was clear to
everyone now that John had no idea as to what he was doing. He simply
stood there, looking everyone over.

“‘Cause, I wanna go home alive and not in some freakin’ box!” Erin
yelled at him. Thompson and Kate tried to quiet her by putting their
hands on her shoulders and shushing her but she brushed them off and
stood up. “And I’m not playing ‘Survivor Man’ out here with you any
longer! I say, in the morning, you and George over there walk into the
woods and find help!” She continued to scream, her voice shrill and full
of panic.

“At this point…” John started calmly. “It’s not about rescue. It’s about
survival.”

Yura slowly walked towards the rest of the group, her finger to her lips
indicating everyone to be silent. Erin kept screaming at John for a few
more seconds before she noticed Yura and she finally stopped. Everyone
was absolutely quiet and still. The cackling of the fire was the only
thing that I could hear for the longest time. Then my heart quickened
and my stomach dropped. I heard some sort of heavy breathing. There was
some sort of large animal in the clearing, just outside the reach of the
fire’s light. It was watching us, listening to us. Everyone seemed to
hear the animal’s breathing, as panic began to overtake us. 

“Inside. Now.” Yura whispered and nobody objected. Everyone quickly and
quietly made their way through the plane and towards the back. They
formed a single file line with John pushing his way to the front and
Kate, Luke, Zach and Erin following him. Yura and Grace helped George
and Father Gabriel climb past luggage bags and fallen seats and towards
the back of the plane. Thompson and I tried desperately and quietly to
wake Edwin, but he didn’t move. Thompson searched him for a pulse, but
found none. Edwin died in his sleep very recently. Thompson and Grace
helped me into the plane and Yura followed. I glanced back at Edwin, his
body sitting upright and leaning against the inside of the plane. His
body faced the dying light of the fire.

We took turns staying up and keeping watch. John was supposed to wake me
when it was my turn to keep watch, but I was awoken suddenly by
screaming. When I finally came to, all the wooden pikes around the
opening of the wreckage were knocked over. All except one, which was
firmly placed into the ground directly in front of the opening, with
Edwin’s severed head mounted on it. He stared back at us, his gaze
empty. Erin was finally convinced by Thompson and Kate to calm down.
John had just woken up too, and began to berate me for falling asleep on
my watch.

“John, man, you never woke me up for my shift!” I protested but John
lied to everyone, telling them that he did. I don’t know if anyone
believed him, but nobody said anything. They were likely still in shock
from the severed head of our friend still staring us down from across
the wreckage. John and George went to remove the head and rebuild the
wall of wooden spikes around our camp. Father Gabriel trailed behind
them, insisting on giving prayers on behalf of Edwin and laying his head
to rest nearby. Edwin’s missing body was not found. 

By the time the rest of us had gotten to the entrance of the plane, the
fire had gone out. Yura worked on getting the fire to light again and
Thompson began to speak to Kate and her boys. Those poor kids, having to
go through what they went through…

The air was cold and dry, much colder than it had been the past few
days. The sky was a dark grey and snow began to fall slowly in thick
flakes. I heard George and John muttering something about how I was the
one who lied to everyone. I didn’t care anymore, I just wanted the
nightmare to be over. I hobbled my way to Kate as Thompson worked his
child psychology magic on her kids.

“It’s going to be cold today…” I said absentmindedly. 

“He never woke you up?” Kate replied suddenly.  Looked to her and
blinked for a moment. Finally I realized that she was referring to the
outburst that John had this morning.

“No… he never did.” I said slowly. She nodded along. 

“He’s going to be the death of us.” She replied. It was refreshing to
hear that at least one other person here could see how John wasn’t as
good a leader as he believed he was. “I don’t trust him. I don’t think
Erin or Thompson do either.”

“We need to be careful about this, he’s a criminal.” I start but Kate
quickly cut me off. 

“What about Yura?” 

“Yura? What do you mean?” Kate looked at me quizzically. “She seems to
be a natural-born leader, what if she-” John walked past us, I didn’t
bother to finish my thought. I don’t want to imagine what John would do
if he heard us protesting his leadership.

“What we need is to send a few of us out there and find help!” She
nearly yelled. I nearly jumped out of my skin, not expecting her to
become so passionate suddenly. “We can’t stay here, we’re sitting ducks!
And with that… Thing out there… It’s picking us off one by one! We need
to leave!”

“I know, I know.” I held my hands up to try to calm her down. “I agree.”

“Well then leave.” John said as if it was a simple decision. “If you
don’t want to be here…” He walked up to Kate and looked down into her
eyes. He towered over her. For a long moment, he let the words hang in
the air before finishing his thought. “Then you’re welcome to go.”

Kate said nothing, she only scoffed and walked away.

“Listen up everyone,” John began loudly. “I understand that some of you
aren’t happy about how things are going. I’m not either. But there’s
something you need to understand,” He took a slight pause.

“Nobody is keeping you here. You can all go if you want, I won’t stop
you. But if you go, I can’t help you. If we wait here, if we stay put,
they will come for us and they will find us. They will save us. But if
you go out there, I can’t guarantee they will find you.” His words
lingered in the air. Nobody said anything. Nobody made any move to
leave. Everyone slowly looked around at each other. “Good. Now that
you’re all staying here, let’s make something clear. No more bitchin’
and moanin’ about me, got it?”

Reluctantly, the remaining survivors nodded in agreement. A smile
crossed John’s face. It wasn’t a happy smile, it was a smug reminder
that he always gets his way. He put all of us to work, collecting things
to use as weapons, food, medicine and even using old clothes to make
curtains to drape over the entrance of the plane. He had plans, that’s
for sure. George found one of the hunting rifles in a compartment in the
plane. There was a half full box of ammo to go with the gun, I don’t
even know how they managed to get it on the plane to begin with but
there it was. John took the rifle briskly and loaded a round into the
chamber. He walked the camp with George as everyone else worked on the
jobs they had been given. I worked with Yura, cutting up the rabbit
carcass and cooking it over the fire.

“We need to get that gun away from that moron…” Yura muttered.

“He’s gonna get someone killed…”

“Why don’t you take a group out to look for help? You know your way
around the woods, don’t you?” I whispered to her. She looked at me
baffled. 

“No I don’t, I’m good enough to get some meat with a bow but I’d die out
in those woods!” She shook her head.

The snow fell faster by now. It was hard to keep the fire going and we
were running out of usable wood. Most of the gathered kindling or logs
were damp from the snow. By the time five pm rolled around, it was
nearly pitch black everywhere. A blizzard rolled into the area with
strong winds and chunks of hail and snow falling from every direction.
Everyone was huddled inside the plane. I heard Father Gabriel whispering
prayers and Grace and Erin joined along. John stood by the entrance with
the rifle in his hands. The howling of the wind was almost deafening,
but despite that, there was still the unmistakable sound of footsteps
outside the wreckage. The snow crunched under the footsteps of something
large.

“It’s back…” John muttered more to himself than anyone else. I just
watched in horror as John surveyed the blizzard outside. I kept waiting
for something to snatch him and pull him into the dark storm. My heart
pounded loudly in my chest. The cold air nipped at my nose. I wanted to
be anywhere else but there at that moment. I slowly looked around and
realized that the entire group of survivors had gone quiet, all intently
watching the hole in the plane that John stood by. The only audible
sounds were the howling of the wind outside and the crunching of heavy
footsteps in fresh snow. It made a loud grunt suddenly. John pointed the
rifle to where the sound was made. “It’s around the corner,” He
whispered before slowly turning to face the rest of us. “Shhh.” He held
a finger to his lips. 

Suddenly, there was that high-pitched wailing. At first, I hadn’t
realized what had caused the sound, but quickly I came to realize that
it was the sound of something tearing through metal. Everyone turned to
face the back of the plane, where the two boys, Luke and Zach were
closest to. The creature had slashed into the wreckage with ease and was
working its way inside. Panic coursed through the entire plane as the
survivors either ran away from the beast or ran towards it, trying to
protect the boys. John aimed down the plane, but was unable to line up a
shot in the dark with everyone running around. He kept cursing and
yelling at everyone to “Move out of the way”. George got to the boys as
the monster finally shoved its massive head into the side of the plane.
The creature snapped its mouth at Luke, and George began to kick the
animal in the side of its head. I hobbled my way over, trying to help
George protect the boys. Thompson and Yura followed close behind me. As
I reached the animal, I paused. I had never seen anything like it
before. It appeared to have an oversized canine skull for a face with
long dagger-like teeth.  Two long incisor teeth bent inwards were at the
front of its skull. Hot air blasted furiously from the hole in its skull
where a nose should have been. There were empty sockets in the skull
however, there was occasionally a glint of white from where its eyes
were.

The beast viciously thrashed about as George kept kicking it in its
face. It wailed and screeched in various high-pitched tones, the freshly
cut metal digging into its black and scraggly fur around its neck. The
boys screamed and cried from the other side of the animal’s monstrous
form. My ears popped as John shot the rifle down into the plane. George
stumbled towards the beast and screamed in pain, clutching his now
wounded shoulder. John had missed his shot, and the bullet flew into
George’s shoulder. The monster clamped its mouth onto George’s wounded
shoulder, forcing him to scream even louder in agonizing pain. The sharp
teeth sank into his flesh with ease, like a hot knife through butter.
The animal pulled its head back through the hole in the plane with
incredible speed. George was pulled towards the new exit with such force
that he was knocked off his feet. He reached out to grab anything that
would help save his life, but there was nothing stable enough to grab.
His arm got caught on a jagged piece of metal, but as he was pulled away
with such power, it did nothing except deglove his arm from his elbow
down within a second. All that was left of George was the skin of his
left arm still caught on the jagged metal, dangling in the wind and a
small blood trail leading further into the storm.

Kate, Thompson and Yura rushed to the boy’s side, searching them for
wounds. Grace helped me back away from the new hole in the wreckage.
John pushed past Erin and Father Gabriel to look at the fresh hole in
the plane. 

“It cut its way right through the damn thing…” He examined the area
closely. “In the morning, we’re hunting this thing. It’s gotta be
nocturnal.” I heard him think out loud, speaking to nobody in
particular. Nobody slept that night.

The fourth morning was coldest up to that point. The storm was raging
still, without any signs of stopping. The smell of rot and decay was
strong in the air. John put us into two groups; those who stay behind
and those who go out to hunt. Specifically, John, Thompson, Yura and
Grace are to go out and hunt down the demonspawn that keeps haunting us
nightly. Kate, Erin, Father Gabriel, Luke, Zach and I were to stay
behind. I sat in silence as John took his group of makeshift hunters and
marched into the storm, following the ever-fading blood trail into the
woods. My ankle throbbed, I hadn’t checked it since Thompson had wrapped
it on day one. I slowly looked under my bandage to see my skin a deep
purple. I let out a shaky breath as I rewrapped my bandage around my
ankle, knowing that I desperately needed medical attention. 
