“No one ever calls,” Is what my boss told me while he was trying to sell
me on this job. “It’s an easy job. You keep the music running, announce
the weather, and maintain the machines. Plus you get free room and
board. Best job you’ll ever have.”

My dad always told me, “if something seems too good to be true, it
probably is.” But I was strapped for cash and living in my car, so this
seemed like manna from heaven.

I moved into the station the next day. I say “moved,” which consisted of
the duffel bag I was living out of in my car, and a few bottles of warm
beer.

It was a tiny ramshackle building that looked like it hadn’t been
updated since the 70s. Carpet everywhere, including the bathroom. A cot
and nightstand in the “bedroom” which I think at one point was a closet.
The bathroom consisted of a sink, toilet, and no shower; and the kitchen
was a table with a hot plate and a bucket for a sink. And two huge
windows that sat right in front of what I would call the “DJ station”
basically the place I would sit with all of the equipment. I couldn’t
help but thinking I was gonna need to put up some curtains.

What immediately struck me was the actually radio set up they had in
contrast to everything else. It was pristine and looked to be the latest
tech, not that I really knew what I was talking about. I’d had a short
stint as president of AV club in highschool.

“All this for a town of 50 people huh?”

My boss chuckled nervously before he said “The people in this town
depend on the radio station, they don’t like when it goes down. We had a
few incidents last year with our old set up, this-this stuff is more
reliable, it keeps everyone safe.”

He handed me the keys to the station and left in a hurry. Mumbling
something about check the instruction manual before he sped off.

After I unpacked my meager belongings I started combing through the
manual. It seemed like standard stuff at first, and pretty easy. How to
operate the equipment, simple maintenance, where I can find the latest
weather updates, and how to switch out the tracts.

Then it started getting really specific.

1)Keep music playing at all times, you can set the music to play on a
loop while you sleep.

2)Announce the weather everyday promptly at 7:00am. If you forget to
announce the weather, WAIT 30 MINUTES, then apologize for being late,
citing the reason that our weather update was delayed. Then announce the
weather as usual.

3)Don’t go outside the station at night.

4)There should never be a call in. If there is, DO NOT ANSWER IT.

5)If someone knocks on the station door after 5:00pm, DO NOT ANSWER OR
ACKNOWLEDGE.

Any normal person would’ve hightailed it out of there. But I was broke
with nowhere to go but my car. Even with the slightly unsettling rules,
this was the best gig I’d had in a while.

It was just after five, and the music had been playing seamlessly since
I’d arrived. After going over the manuals multiple times I felt I had a
good grasp of the equipment and had been messing with the stations
getting my bearings. Staring out the windows in front of me I couldn’t
help but feel like a goldfish in a bowl.

It had gotten dark early and I hadn’t heard or seen a car on the road
for hours. No road noise, no noise at all actually. No birds, not even
the wind. Complete silence. I cracked open the now slightly less warm
beer, and started switching the tracks when I heard a knock at the door.

I looked back towards the windows. I hadn’t seen any headlights or heard
anyone pull in. Not even kicked up dust. I was just about I get up to
answer when I remembered the rules in the manual. I sat down again as
the knocking became more persistent.

I tried to ignore it but the knocking became louder and louder until it
suddenly stopped, and I heard a dry voice say “Delivery.”

Again I didn’t know much about running a radio station, but I don’t
think they got many deliveries.

“Delivery, I need someone to sign.”

I started doubting myself, maybe this was legit, and I needed to sign
for some new equipment or something. As I was reasoning with myself my
personal phone rang. It was my boss.

“Hey boss just the man-“

“Don’t answer the door.”

I froze in my tracks, hand on the door knob. I asked him how he knew.

“I have access to the security cameras, you should too. It’s in the
manual. Don’t answer the door.

I realized I may have skimmed a few parts of the manual. I asked him if
he was sure, they were saying it was a delivery and I needed to sign for
something.

“There isn’t anyone out there. DO NOT ANSWER THE DOOR.”

“What do you mean I heard-“

With that he hung up, cutting me off mid sentence. I was officially on
edge. I needed to get access to those security cameras. I grabbed the
manual again and started flipping through it.

All the while the knocking started again. I finally found the
instructions for the security cameras, and started to boot up a laptop
that was tucked into the corner. After a few mishaps with caps lock I
was in.

Just as I opened that camera feed that was linked to the front door the
knocking stopped. And I was in the fishbowl again. Eerily silent. The
only sound was the low hum of the equipment running.

There was no one there. Save for a few moths attracted to the light
fixture above the door. I tried to convince myself that they must’ve
just left. They would’ve have to pass right in front of my window, that
was the only way to access the way out to the main road. The radio
station was backed up against acres of national forestland, there was
nothing back there.

I started going through the saved footage and went back to the time
stamp when the knocking first started. All I found was a few fuzzy
frames with no audio, the file must’ve been corrupted. Out of the few
frames I could see, it showed no one standing there.

I downed the rest of the beer and was in the midst of convincing myself
that this was all from exhaustion and the stress of nearly being
houseless when the phone rang.

And then I did something I shouldn’t. It was a reflex I swear. My body
acted before my brain could catch up and I picked up the line.

I instantly realized what I did and had enough sense not to say
anything. The call was mostly silent, other than the faint sound of
something breathing into the receiver.

I didn’t want to hang up. For some reason I felt like I was in danger,
and hanging up would make the situation worse. And then a voice came
over the line.

“I know you’re in there. I can see you.”

I stopped breathing and slowly turned my head towards the window. It was
too dark out. I couldn’t see much more than what the outside lights
illuminated. I couldn’t see anyone.

“Why didn’t you answer the door earlier?”

I hung up the call and dropped to the floor, crawling to the bathroom
and locking it. The phone started to ring again. It rang for 30 minutes
straight with no signs of stopping.

I debated running to my car, but that would break another rule and I’d
already broken one. I decided staying in the bathroom was my best
option. After another hour the phone finally stopping ringing.

Thinking I was in the clear I opened the door just enough so I could
peek outside the window. I didn’t see anything. I’d started to walk out
of the bathroom when I heard another knock at the door.

I sprinted back into the bathroom and slammed the door, my phone lit up
and there was already a text from my boss.

“Turn off all the lights, hide. And whatever you do, don’t let the music
stop playing.”

The music. I hadn’t switched it to the overnight track. I had about a
minute till it the old track ran out.

At this point I didn’t care. I threw the door open and frantically ran
around turning off the lights before switching over the track just as
the melody for the last song was fading out.

I ran back to the bathroom and locked the door. It took me a minute to
realize the knocking had stopped.

My boss found me the next morning curled up in the bathroom. He had a
master key and had let himself in after I didn’t answer the door.

We didn’t even need to exchange words as I slowly packed up my stuff and
drove away. I never looked back.

A couple weeks later while I was sitting in a coffee shop, scrolling on
my phone looking for a a job, a listing popped up. “Tiny town in need of
radio host, great benefits + easy work.”

I kept scrolling.
