After a very long walk home last night, I was exhausted. It was well
past midnight, so I decided to just go right to sleep. I refilled my
cat’s automatic feeder, gave her some love and treats, and passed out. I
then had one of the worst nightmares I’ve ever had.

​

In my dream, I woke up in the shop, but everything was wrong. The walls
were cracked, the floor was warped, and everything was covered in mold.
All of the clothing and furniture was gone, and the shop was completely
empty. Somehow, I was completely unaffected by this, and thought nothing
of it. There was a false sense of peace, and I knew deep down something
was wrong, but on the surface, it felt completely normal. I wandered
around for a bit, before finding myself in the breakroom. I noticed the
air vent was open, and climbed up inside with no hesitation. I felt a
tinge of panic as I tried to squeeze my shoulders through, but the walls
of the vent opened up, as if welcoming me. I relaxed, and crawled
around, following different paths almost on instinct. It felt like hours
passed, and at one point, I looked down a tunnel and saw Sam. I waved to
him, and he simply glared at me and scurried away. His quickness caused
me to start panicking again, but right on cue, I saw a vent to my right
pop open, and I hopped down into a room lit with candles. This room
seemed like a deep relief compared to the suffocating air vent, and I
felt that false ease once again.

​

I looked at the space around me, squinting to find any indication of
where I was, when a familiar face approached a candle, illuminating her.
Meredith stood before me, the light reflecting off her eyes. They looked
similar to Patrick and Daniel’s eyes when Corey was in their mind, but
worse. There was no color to them at all, and I could see the dense fog
swirling in almost hypnotizing patterns. When she spoke, her voice was
crystal clear, but completely different than when she had spoken to me
on the other side. It was strained, like she had been screaming for
hours.

​

“Why did you do this to me?” She asked, with no emotion at all. I was
still unafraid, but confused.

​

“What did I do?”

​

“Your stupid tricks trapped me in this world. I can no longer find
peace. You will leave this place and never return. If you try to
return-” her head twitched, and I saw the fog in her eyes moving
erratically, “If you try to return, you will - you will be risking the
lives of yourself and - and - and -”

​

She was fully twitching, like a video stuck in a loop, and the darkness
fell away and revealed the sea of souls. I looked around and saw nothing
but endless water, but noticed shapes emerging. Growing closer, bodies
were floating to the top of the water before standing up right and
walking towards me. They were not menacing, but I felt fear creeping up
my spine. I turned back to Meredith, and saw Thomas rise from the water
behind her. He put his hand on her shoulder and turned her to face him,
before giving her a gentle kiss. She looked at him as he pulled away,
and I saw the fog leave her eyes.

​

“Thomas?”

​

“Hello, love.”

​

They embraced, tears streaming down their faces. I noticed the people
rising from the water were getting closer, staring at me, and I began to
panic once again.

​

“Meredith, Thomas, where am I?”

​

“You are in your home, dear,” Meredith said, wiping her tears, “but your
soul was transported to this place. I believe our captor brought you
here. I assume you have been attempting to help dear Eleanora, and she
didn’t like that?”

​

I nodded my head solemnly, feeling shame at my failure.

​

“It’s alright, your time is not done yet. She is scared, I could feel it
when she was inhabiting me. She knows you can stop this, and she is
desperate to be rid of you. Lucky for you, Thomas knows how to return
your soul to your body.” She turned to him and smiled lovingly.

​

“I will help you,” he said, giving me a stern look, “but you must be
more careful. Cover your tracks. Convince this monster she has scared
you enough, that you are giving up. As you now know, she can take
control of you. You must not let her. Avoid her gaze and do not spend
time alone with her. Stay with someone who is familiar to you, someone
you know is safe, and keep each other that way.”

​

I nodded quickly, trying to seem confident. He turned to the sea of
people standing before us, and said something I couldn’t hear. The
people looked at me, and I finally noticed them fully. They were all
mutilated to different extents. Some were missing limbs, others eyes,
some were brutally burnt, others had large patches of skin completely
missing. I held back a scream, and thankfully, Thomas didn’t seem to
notice. They nodded at him, then me, and slowly fell backwards. They
created a path, and Thomas walked across them, looking back at me,
motioning for me to follow. I turned to Meredith one last time, and felt
tears welling in my eyes.

​

“Thank you, and I’m sorry,” I sobbed. It was the only thing I could
think of, and I hoped it was enough to let her know that I wouldn’t give
up on her. She gave me a sad smile, and waved me off, before returning
to the sea of souls.

​

I followed Thomas silently for what felt like an eternity. We did not
speak, and I tried my best to not look at my feet or the people forming
my bridge back to my world. They did not seem to mind, though, and part
of me believed they couldn’t feel anything at all, but that thought
didn’t stop the sound of my feet on their wet skin. Finally, we reached
a small island. I stepped ashore, and saw my bedroom door, standing
solitary on the island barely large enough to hold it. I turned to
Thomas, hoping for an explanation, but he was already returning the way
we came. I didn’t call to him. I wanted him to return to Meredith, I had
a feeling they had been separated since she first spoke to me.

​

I approached the door cautiously, and looked all around it, figuring
there would be nothing until I opened it. Hesitantly, I pulled the
handle, and there I was, asleep in my bed. I approached my body, looking
at myself from above. I couldn’t help but think how sad and small I
looked, but lost my train of thought when I noticed my cat staring at
me. Not my physical body, but me, my soul I supposed.

​

“Can you see me?” I whispered, and she chirped softly in response.

​

Great, I thought, so that’s why you stare at nothing all the time. Love
that.

​

I slid myself into bed next to my body, and felt a pull as I lined
myself up. I closed my eyes, and when I reopened them, I was back in my
own skin. I looked around, and began sobbing. I was completely
overwhelmed with my entire experience, and didn’t even know what to
think. After a long cry, I collected myself and reached for my phone,
planning on making a to-do list for my day off to distract from my
‘dream’. When I checked the time, though, it was 4 hours before my shift
started. I ‘slept’ through an entire day, almost 30 hours. I didn’t feel
rested at all, but I was hit with a wave of hope. Meredith and Thomas,
and every other soul trapped in that universe, was counting on me to
free them from Corey. They know I can do it, so I decided to believe I
can do it as well. I decided to make a plan, and it started with one
simple thing:

​

I wrote my two week notice.

​

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

Part 5

Part 6

Part 7
