After a very long walk home last night, I was exhausted. It was well
past midnight, so I decided to just go right to sleep. I refilled my
cat’s automatic feeder, gave her some love and treats, and laid down to
sleep. I tossed and turned for a long time, feeling a sense of unease.
Feeling frustrated, I got up to make some tea to calm my nerves. Before
I could even reach my bedroom door, I felt a burning pain in my chest,
like someone was holding a flamethrower to my ribs. I fell to the floor,
screaming, and blacked out.

​

When I opened my eyes, I was in the shop, but everything was wrong. The
walls were cracked, the floor was warped, and everything was covered in
mold. All of the clothing and furniture was gone, and the shop was
completely empty. Somehow, I was completely unaffected by this, and
thought nothing of it. There was a sense of peace in the room, and
everything it felt completely natural, even though there was a voice
deep inside me screaming that something was wrong. I ignored it, and
wandered around for a bit, before finding myself in the break room. I
noticed the air vent was open, and climbed up inside with no hesitation.
I felt a tinge of panic as I tried to squeeze my shoulders through, but
the walls of the vent opened up, as if welcoming me. I relaxed, and
crawled around, following different paths almost on instinct. It felt
like hours passed, and at one point, I looked down a tunnel and saw Sam.
I waved to him, and he simply glared at me and scurried away. The sight
of him in the vent caused the voice in my head to scream that someone
was wrong, and I began to realize what was truly happening. The walls
began to melt away, but before the mirage was completely broken, I saw a
vent to my right pop open, and I hopped down into a room lit with
candles. This room seemed like a deep relief compared to the suffocating
air vent, and I felt that false ease once again pushing the voice away.

​

I looked at the space around me, squinting to find any indication of
where I was, when a familiar face approached a candle, illuminating her.
Meredith stood before me, the light reflecting off her eyes. They looked
similar to Patrick and Daniel’s eyes when Corey was in their mind, but
worse. There was no color to them at all, and I could see the dense fog
swirling in almost hypnotizing patterns. When she spoke, her voice was
crystal clear, but completely different than when she had spoken to me
on the other side. It was strained, like she had been screaming for
hours.

​

“Why did you do this to me?” She asked, with no emotion at all. I felt
dread soak into my bones, and suddenly I was hyperventilating, sweating,
and the voice in my head changed it’s tone to try to calm me down.

​

“What did I do?”

​

“Your stupid tricks trapped me in this world. I can no longer find
peace. You will leave this place and never return. If you try to
return-” her head twitched, and I saw the fog in her eyes moving
erratically, “If you try to return, you will - you will be risking the
lives of yourself and - and - and -”

​

She was fully twitching, like a video stuck in a loop, and the darkness
fell away and revealed the sea of souls. I looked around and saw nothing
but the endless water. Suddenly, shapes began emerging. Growing closer,
bodies were floating to the top of the water before standing up right
and walking towards me. They were not menacing, but I felt an
instinctual fear creeping up my spine. I turned back to Meredith, and
saw Thomas rise from the water behind her. He put his hand on her
shoulder and turned her to face him, before giving her a gentle kiss.
She looked at him as he pulled away, and I saw the fog leave her eyes.

​

“Thomas?”

​

“Hello, love.”

​

They embraced, tears streaming down their faces. I noticed the people
rising from the water were getting closer, staring at me.

​

“Meredith, Thomas, where am I? What is happening?

​

Meredith wiped her tears and looked at me sadly. “Your soul was stolen
from you, my dear. Taken to this place, being controlled. I believe our
captor brought you here. I assume you have been attempting to help dear
Eleanora, and she didn’t like that?”

​

I nodded my head solemnly, feeling shame at my failure.

​

“It’s alright, your time is not done yet. She is scared, I could feel it
when she was inhabiting me. She knows you can stop this, and she is
desperate to be rid of you. She knows she cannot trap you here, you are
too strong, so she used me to frighten you.” She gave me a hug, and her
embrace was warm and loving. “You cannot stay here. Your soul will be
rejected and lost in the space between if you don’t return. Thomas knows
the way back,” She turned to him and smiled lovingly.

​

“I will help you,” he said, giving me a stern look, “but you must be
more careful. Cover your tracks. Convince this monster she has scared
you enough, that you are giving up. As you now know, she can take
control of you. You must not let her. Avoid her gaze and do not spend
time alone with her. Stay with someone who is familiar to you, someone
you know is safe, and keep each other that way. If she gets in your
mind, she will know your tricks, and won’t hesitate to send you
somewhere you cannot escape. Somewhere we cannot help you.”

​

I paused, realizing where these souls came from. “The warehouse?”

​

He nodded solemnly, and I felt a disruption in the sea of souls
surrounding me, a collective wave of anger and grief washing over all of
them.

​

“You must be smart. You will not have another chance.”

​

I nodded quickly, trying to seem confident. He turned to the sea of
people standing before us, and said something I couldn’t hear. The
people looked at me, and I finally noticed them fully. They were all
mutilated to different extents. Some were missing limbs, others eyes,
some were brutally burnt, others had large patches of skin completely
missing. I held back a scream, and thankfully, Thomas didn’t seem to
notice. They nodded at him, then me, and slowly fell backwards. They
created a path, and Thomas walked across them, looking back at me,
motioning for me to follow. I turned to Meredith one last time, and felt
tears welling in my eyes.

​

“Thank you, and I’m sorry,” I sobbed. It was the only thing I could
think of, and I hoped it was enough to let her know that I wouldn’t give
up on her. She gave me a sad smile, and waved me off, before returning
to the sea of souls.

​

I followed Thomas silently for what felt like an eternity. We did not
speak, and I tried my best to not look at my feet or the people forming
my bridge back to my world. They did not seem to mind, though, and part
of me believed they couldn’t feel anything at all, but that thought
didn’t stop the sound of my feet on their wet skin. Finally, we reached
a small island. I stepped ashore, and saw my bedroom door, standing
solitary on the island barely large enough to hold it. I turned to
Thomas, hoping for an explanation, but he was already returning the way
we came. I didn’t call to him. I wanted him to return to Meredith, I had
a feeling they had been separated far too long.

​

I approached the door cautiously, and looked all around it, figuring
there would be nothing until I opened it. Hesitantly, I pulled the
handle, and there I was, passed out on my bedroom floor, clutching my
chest. I approached my body, looking at myself from above. I couldn’t
help but think how sad and small I looked, but lost my train of thought
when I noticed my cat staring at me. Not my physical body, but me, my
soul.

​

“Can you see me?” I whispered, and she chirped softly in response.

​

Great, I thought, so that’s why you stare at nothing all the time. Love
that.

​

I laid myself next to my body, and felt a pull as I lined myself up. I
closed my eyes, and when I reopened them, I was back in my own skin. I
looked around, gasping for air, and began sobbing.

​

Before I worked at this shop, I wasn’t sure I even believed in souls.
That quickly changed, obviously, but after having my soul ripped from my
body and taken hostage, my entire perspective changed. I knew it was
something I needed to protect at all costs, and now I knew it was
something that could be taken from me. I suddenly understood why all the
souls like in Eleanora’s world were willing to risk their existence to
ask for help. They were still living, still could feel emotions, and
were held hostage in a wasteland, just as I was moments before.

​

After a long cry, I collected myself and reached for my phone, planning
on making a to-do list for my day off to recover. When I checked the
time, though, it was 4 hours before my shift started. I was gone an
entire day, almost 30 hours. I was so angry I didn’t notice the pain in
my chest until I went to stand and fell suddenly, the burning making me
scream. I crawled to the bathroom and pulled myself up to the mirror.
There were three words burned into my chest that were fading in front of
my eyes, a message from the other side: Please remember us.

​

Meredith and Thomas, and every other soul trapped in that universe, were
counting on me to free them. They have faith in me, for whatever reason,
so I couldn’t just give up on them. I decided to make a new plan, a
smarter one, and it started with one simple thing:

​

I wrote my two week notice.

​

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

Part 5

Part 6

Part 7

Part 9

Part 10

Part 11
