“Thomas and Meredith were in the warehouse with you?” I said to Sam,
feeling anger boiling in my chest.

​

“How do you know his wife’s name? What’s going on?”

​

I stood up and faced away from him, steadying myself on the wall of the
air vent. He had a chance to save them, or at least try to escape with
them, and he had left them to destroy each other. I turned back to face
him, ready to unleash my anger and grief on him. But, when I looked in
his eyes, I could see it all. All the grief, the shame, and the anger
that he had within him. The guilt from abandoning those around him in
that horrible place, and I understood why he did it. I sighed deeply,
rubbing my temples to ease the headache that was taking over.

​

“I get it. I’m sorry you went through that, but you need to know that
Meredith and Thomas are the ones who asked me for help. They reached out
to me during my silent time, and asked me to save Eleanora.”

​

He stared at me, clearly not believing the words coming out of my mouth,
but believing the emotion behind my eyes. “Okay,” he said, standing up
beside me. “I will help you.”

​

Before we could say anything else, the air vent started shaking
violently. Dust fell through the seams, and I shouted over the clanging,
“What’s happening?”

​

“The barrier!” Sam yelled, pointing to the strange symbol on the wall
that looked as though it was melting away. “It’s collapsing! Corey is
here!”

​

Panic flooded my veins, and on instinct, I picked a direction and
started running. I heard Sam behind me, and in a few strides, he was
ahead of me, grabbing my arm and dragging me along faster. We made our
way through the impossibly long maze of the air vents, when I saw
something I recognized.

​

“Wait!” I yelled, pulling back on Sam.

​

“What are you doing? We have to go!”

​

I pointed to a small tunnel on our left. “I know this place! I was here
when Corey took my soul!” I started down the tunnel, and as I was
running, I felt the vents shrinking around me.

​

“This is some sort of exit,” Sam said, looking around in amazement, “but
I’ve never seen it before.”

​

I had to get on my knees and crawl, but in a few feet, I saw what I was
looking for. An exit, leading out of the vents. When my soul was here,
it led to a dark room with a possessed Meredith waiting for me. In
reality, it led to the sea of souls. I peeked through the metal wiring
and saw in the distance the island where I had spoken to Meredith and
Thomas. I could see a figure standing on the island, facing away from
me.

​

“There!” I shouted, the shaking intensifying. “We need to get over
there!”

​

“How exactly do you plan on doing that?”

​

I kicked out the vent cover, and turned to Sam. “We’re going to swim!”

​

“Fuck no.” He was visibly shaking now, eyeing the sea of souls with
true, animalistic fear. “I am not going out there.”

​

“We have to! It’s the only way out!”

​

“You’re on your own kid.” He smiled at me sadly, before taking a small
necklace off his neck and placing it in my hand. “If Corey finds you,
this will help keep her out of your head. It won’t prevent it
completely, but it should make it harder for her. Now go! I’ll hold her
off.” I tried to say something, anything to make him stay with me, but
he quickly turned and ran through the vents at a speed I still didn’t
understand.

​

I looked back out into the sea, at the screaming faces below me, and
took a deep breath. Shoving the necklace into my pocket, I searched
through my bag for anything that might come in handy, and landed on a
tiny pocket knife I had gotten on a road trip years ago. I kicked my bag
back out into the vent tunnels, hoping it would throw Corey off my trail
if she came looking for me.

​

Armed with my useless souvenir and the necklace from Sam, I dove into
the sea of souls.

​

I expected to feel a cold rush around me, but was unpleasantly surprised
to find the liquid was warm, and much thicker than I was anticipating.
It almost felt like milk, if milk was full of screaming souls begging
for relief. As soon as my head went underwater, I heard them. Hundreds
of thousands of voices deafened me, screaming out for loved ones,
shouting expletives, wailing in pain, and the sound made me forget that
I couldn’t breathe for a moment. I was paralyzed, staring through blurry
vision at the faces surrounding me, inhumanly long and pained, like that
painting of the man screaming. I started choking before realizing I was
going to drown, and swam up to the surface, gasping and coughing. I
could still hear the screams, but they were muffled, which I had to take
as a win.

​

I’m very clearly horrible at thinking things through, because in that
moment, I realized something very important: I am not good at swimming.
I mean, I can survive, but actually swimming to a small island several
hundred feet away? I silently cursed at myself before pathetically
doggy-padding my way over there. I avoided looking down, as each splash
distorted another face in the water and brought their pleading voice to
the surface.

​

After what felt like a century, I felt the sweet relief of land beneath
my feet, and pulled myself to the shore of the small island. Legs still
in the water, I flopped onto the beach, completely exhausted and out of
breath. Opening my eyes, I saw more clearly what I was laying on, and
jumped away, horrified, almost falling back into the sea. The beach was
teeth. Millions of teeth, dulled out like rocks from the waves, but very
clear nonetheless. Some were large, too large to be human, while others
were small, clearly from a child. I fell to my knees, the gravity of the
situation I had found myself in finally taking over, and I cried. I
cried for all of the lives around me lost to this company that I worked
for. I cried for Meredith and Thomas, who never had a chance at a happy
life together. I cried for Sam, who had been tortured and broken. I
cried for Patrick and Daniel, who were trapped in their own minds. I
cried for myself, selfishly wondering what I had done to deserve this
fate. But most of all, I cried for Eleanora, a being who I didn’t
understand and who had kept me and countless others safe and protected,
and who was being broken down because of it.

​

I was quickly startled out of my pity party by a gentle hand on my
shoulder, making me jump away. I looked up and saw a woman, bathed in
light, smiling down on me. She looked somewhat familiar, in a way I
couldn’t recognize.

​

“Hello, dear.” Her voice was like a song, and my sadness evaporated,
leaving behind a peace I’ve never known. “I’ve been waiting for you.”

​

“Who are you?”

​

“Eleanora. It’s nice to finally meet you.”

​

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

Part 5

Part 6

Part 7

Part 8

Part 9

Part 11
