Hello everyone.

I have been working graveyard shift for the Ashford Police Department
for about six years now. Things get weird on the night shift and I
figured I would write things down and keep a running log for you all to
look over. Some things are easy to explain away but there have been a
lot of experiences I just can’t write off.

My first call for the night started off with a disturbance at the
hospital. Bellweather isn’t really a place that you’re surprised when
you get a call to, especially when you’re working nights. I was sitting
in my cruiser in the parking lot of a motel when dispatch came over the
radio.

“Dispatch for Unit 12.”

“This is Unit 12. Go ahead.”

“Unit 12, respond to the Bellweather Hospital. Staff is reporting
patient acting violently.”

“Copy. En route.”

I sighed and put my cruiser in drive. At this time of night, there’s
more than likely some drunk idiot trying to fight a nurse or some
elderly man refusing his medication. The staff there is usually pretty
good about handling things themselves, though, so I spent the drive
trying to prepare for whatever I was walking into. It only took a few
minutes for me to make it over to the hospital. After I arrived, I
parked my cruiser and walked into the reception area.

The woman at the front desk explained that a man on the 4th floor had
become violent out of nowhere and that he had been throwing things and
threatening the hospital staff. I rushed over to the elevator and pushed
the button for the floor. A nurse greeted me as the door opened and I
saw two security guards attempting to wrestle the man in the hallway.

The man was yelling incoherently. He had a bedpan in one hand and shoved
a staff member to the ground. I started to make out what he was saying,
but his rambling didn’t make sense. He kept yelling about “them” and how
they were coming for him. Whatever episode he was having, he clearly
thought the staff was attacking him. I tried to calm the man down, but
he continued to be aggressive. Every time one of us tried to get closer,
he grew angrier and tried to hit us. I was able to get the situation
under control long enough to corral the man as a nurse gave him Diazepam
and the fighting stopped.

We got the man back into his bed and I spent the next 15 to 20 minutes
taking statements from the staff. By the time I had finished collecting
statements, the man had fallen asleep. I gave the nurse my card and told
them if he started again to give me a call. I said goodbye and walked
back to the elevator. I stepped inside, pressed the button for the lobby
and waited. The elevator started down and a few seconds later, stopped.
When the doors opened, I realized I was not in the lobby.

The doors opened into a hallway I hadn’t seen before. The display panel
showed B but I hadn’t pressed the button for the basement.

The hallway was dimly lit and it looked older than the rest of the
hospital. The lights flickered occasionally. One wall was lined with
rows of empty gurneys that looked like they hadn’t been used in years. I
stuck my head out and looked down at the end of the hallway. There was a
man standing at the end of it. It looked like he had a sheet draped over
him.

“Hello?” I said.

He didn’t respond or move.

“Sir?”

Still nothing.

I reached for the button to hold the door open, but before I could press
it, they started to close. The man remained motionless as the doors came
together. I pressed the button for the lobby again. I felt the elevator
move again and then stop. When the doors opened, I was in the same
hallway as before. Same flickering lights, same gurneys, same man. This
time though, he was halfway to the elevator.

“Sir, do you need assistance?”

Nothing.

“Sir, what is your name?”

Silence.

The doors closed once again. The elevator moved and then settled. It
opened once more into that same hallway but this time, he was right
outside the elevator doors.

The figure towered in the hallway, almost seven feet tall.

“Sir, what are you doing down here?”

Nothing.

“Sir, what is your name?”

Silence.

“Sir, I need you to identify yourself.”

I could feel my hand drifting towards my holster. I didn’t know what
this man was doing, but every instinct I had was telling me not to step
out of this elevator. The doors started to close again. He remained
exactly where he was. Just before the doors closed completely, I heard
something from beneath the sheet.

“You came back.”

The doors closed.

When they opened again, I was in the lobby. I walked over to the front
desk and spoke to the receptionist.

“Hey, what’s in the basement under this part of the hospital?”

She looked up at me.

“Mostly storage. Maintenance has some rooms down there too. Why?”

“How do I get down there?”

“There’s a service elevator on the other side of the building.”

I looked back toward the elevators I had just stepped out of.

“What about those?”

“What about them?”

“They don’t go to the basement?”

“No. Those only go between the lobby and the patient floors.”

“You’re sure?”

She gave me a strange look.

“Yeah. I’m sure.”

A voice came over my radio before I could continue. Dispatch needed me
to go and help another unit with a drunk driver. I told them I was on my
way and headed back out to my cruiser.

 

I spent the next hour or so helping with the drunk driver and trying not
to think about what had happened at Bellweather. By the time we
finished, I had almost convinced myself there was a reasonable
explanation for it. I was heading back toward the center of town when I
saw a car abandoned on the side of the road.

The car sat on a narrow shoulder of a two-lane road. I didn’t see any
flashers on, and no one was around. I parked behind the car and read the
plate to dispatch. While they were running a check for me, I got out and
approached the car with my flashlight in hand. The car appeared to be
locked, and I didn’t see any keys in the ignition. It didn’t look like
the car had been hit or anything like that.

I figured that someone had either run out of gas or was having engine
trouble. I couldn’t just leave the car there, though. It was dangerous
to leave without the emergency flashers being on. Dispatch then came
over the radio and told me the car belonged to a resident here in town,
but they couldn’t get ahold of them.

When I got back into my car, I asked for a tow truck to come and get the
vehicle. We would have to check with the person in the morning and let
them know where the car was being held. It was going to take an hour for
a tow truck to get here, so I just had to sit and wait.

After about thirty minutes, the headlights of the car came on. I had
been looking down at the computer when it happened, so I thought maybe
the owner had come back. I stepped out and approached the vehicle again.
There still wasn’t anyone in the driver’s seat and the doors were still
locked.

I shined my lights around the area, but I didn’t see anyone there. As I
turned to walk back to my car, the lights went off again. I sat in my
cruiser until the tow truck showed up, never taking my eyes off the car.
Eventually, the truck showed up and hauled the car away.

 

After the car, I didn’t have a call for about an hour. It had almost
been relaxing when dispatch came over the radio to send me to the
elementary school. A fire alarm had gone off, and we had to go with the
fire department to check it out.

The fire department went in and cleared the building while another
officer and I sat in the parking lot, watching. Twenty minutes had gone
by when the lieutenant came over to us. I could see faces moving through
the windows of the second story of the school.

“All clear guys. Just a false alarm. We’re just locking up now.”

“What about your guys on the second floor?” I said, pointing up to the
windows.

“What do you mean? Everyone is here. All the guys are out.”

When I looked back to the windows, I didn’t see anyone anymore.

“Never mind. Must have been reflections,” I said.

Everyone finished loading up their gear and then they left. At this
point, it was almost three in the morning. When I started to leave, my
lights caught movement at the end of the building. I stopped and looked,
but didn’t see anything. I got back out of the cruiser and walked back
towards the end of the building. When I got closer, I could see a small
boy standing by one of the doors.

“Hey! Are you okay? What are you doing out here?” I called out.

The boy turned quickly and darted back through the door. I jogged over
and pulled, but the door was locked. I pulled on the door a few times
but there was no use. It wasn’t budging. I shined my light through the
window but couldn’t see anything. I know the fire department cleared
that building and locked the doors when they left. What the hell was
going on? I had to have been seeing things.

 

My last call of the shift came around 5 A.M.

A wounded man was reported walking down the side of a road. Dispatch
didn’t have much information other than that. The caller said the man
looked like he was bleeding pretty badly and seemed confused. I was only
a few minutes away, so I rushed over.

It was still dark when I found him. He was walking along the shoulder
with one hand pressed against his stomach. His clothes were ripped and
covered in blood. The man appeared to be in his forties. He was tall and
had short dark hair and a beard.

I pulled up behind him and turned on my lights.

“Sir, stop for me.”

The man stopped.

I got out and started toward him.

“Are you hurt?”

He turned around.

“Jesus Christ.”

There was blood running down the side of his face and soaking through
the front of his shirt. He looked like someone had beaten the hell out
of him.

“What happened to you?”

He stared at me for a few seconds.

“I don’t know.”

In the light, I could see marks across the man’s face and chest. They
looked like claw marks. I tried to get the man to sit down as I called
for EMS to arrive. He just kept mumbling while we waited. It was hard to
make out what he was saying, but he was asking for someone. I just tried
to continue to comfort the man and keep him awake.

“Do you know where you are?” I asked.

He looked around for a moment.

“Ashford.”

“That’s right.”

“No,” he said, shaking his head, “it wouldn’t let us leave.”

I saw the lights of the ambulance come into view. I turned and walked
into the street to flag them down. As they parked, I started to explain
what was going on to the EMT.

“He’s got some pretty serious wounds. Possible head injury too. He’s
confused and—”

I turned around.

The man was gone.

“Where is he?”

“I don’t know. He was right there.”

I gestured over to where the man had been sitting. When I moved my light
to it, there was nothing more than a pool of blood. We searched for him
for what felt like forever but never found him.

I don’t know what happened tonight, but I know what I saw. It isn’t the
first strange night I have had in Ashford.
