I work at a popular yet dying aquarium. I won’t say what aquarium (don’t
wanna lose my job and all) but a lot of you have probably been here! We
do tricks with animals, shows, have areas to touch smaller sea
creatures, etc. My job is a light and sound technician for almost every
show we put on. 

Since this park is slowly shutting down and keeps being put under
controversy, we are severely understaffed. Everyone works insane hours
and does more than just their regular position. So while technically my
position is a technician I am also a salesperson and janitor. One of my
coworkers quit recently, my boss didn’t say why but with this job there
are less reasons to stay than to quit. In other words, I wasn’t shocked.
But this means half of my shifts are now nighttime custodial shifts. 

It’s not so bad. Most nights I’m the only one here and I just listen to
a podcast or music, sometimes I even prop my phone up and watch a movie
or two. I’ve been doing this for about a month or two and I’ve gotten
over the paranoia of working here alone, in mostly darkness. But
recently these shifts have felt off. 

Some of the animals we have here are dolphins, manatees, penguins,
alligators, sea turtles, rays, and smaller fish. My favorites are the
penguins, they’re all very sweet and sometimes cuddly. But one part of
the park I stay away from unless absolutely necessary is the orca tank.
We only have one orca now, we used to have two, but he’s extremely
unsettling to me. 

In all honesty I have a pretty big fear of oceans and lakes in general.
Might seem like a bad job for me but I really don’t work with the
animals much, I’ve only interacted with the penguins and that’s been a
rare occurrence. And I’m only near the orca tank when I’m mopping the
splash zone or doing the audio/visual from the back of the crowd. So
like I said, not much.

When I do these night shifts I usually get to the orca tank last because
I always feel watched or like I’m being sucked into the environment and
that way I can leave right after. But lately I’ve been catching myself
staring at the intense, cavernous water. Over 2 million gallons of water
lying completely still, yet I imagine the weight of it all crashing
against me, hurling me into the glass panes over and over until it
smashes and I emerge from the tank and flood the stands that were once
packed with people. As the killer within just watches before diving
deeper into its abode.

I usually awaken from this trance seeing nothing but the small specks of
leftover flesh fed to the giant beast within, floating around peaceful,
uninterrupted. I take a shocked step back, maybe gasp to myself or
mentally shush the thoughts hoping next time I’m here, they won’t be.
But this time I open my eyes and see an unfamiliar version of this
darkness, and at the center: an eye. I stare at its blank, deep iris. I
don’t gasp, and I don’t wish the thoughts away because I realise they
aren’t mine. And that he has been telling me something I’ve taken too
long to realise. 

When I first started here a few years ago I was told a story about our
orca. About a deranged, intoxicated man walking in one night after we
had closed, stripping himself naked, and jumping into the exhibit I
stand in front of every night. Nobody really knows what he expected or
why he did it. Most just believe it was a combination of the alcohol and
our state’s unrelenting heat. But that man took his last steps into that
tank.

The next morning the orca’s skin was surrounded in the man’s flesh, only
his arm lay atop the black void of its back, exposed bone and skin. The
killer himself circled at the top of his tank wanting to be seen. Proud
of what he had done. The man’s body was mostly recovered in pieces, no
part of him eaten.

The orca has disappeared from sight now but I know he’s just below,
waiting for me expectantly because he knows I will obey. I feel a
drumming in my ears unfamiliar to my heartbeat and the tips of my
fingers go numb. I’m shaking- from fear or excitement. I take a deep
breath in and instead of rotten fish or saltwater the air is clear. The
darkness of the rooms bleeds the lines between surface and the deep blue
where I’m invited. Maybe this will make the descent easier.

I stand at the edge of its tank now, I feel its low echo calling to me.
It’s in my ribs and shakes my unsteady heart but my feet are planted,
unwavering. It tells me I’m ready, that it’s been waiting, I want to
believe it. That my years here are not for nothing, that I serve a
higher purpose. I didn’t understand that man when I first started here,
young and bright eyed but I understand him now. And I am ready to jump.
