The pink slip came without warning. One minute I was drinking my coffee
while staring at my computer screen, the next minute my entire team was
laid off. Our role had been “made redundant” by the “changing company
landscape”, they had said. There seems to be a whole lot of similar
seismic shifting going on in the corporate world these days, because I
didn’t have any luck finding a new job after that. In fact, I was mere
weeks away from my unemployment benefits running dry when a friend of
mine came to me with an opportunity that I couldn’t pass up.

He told me about a security gig he had started working recently, and how
he was getting paid 500 bucks per night for three twelve-hour shifts
each week. I was blown away by how much money he was making for such
relatively little work. At first I thought he was just bragging about
his newfound fortune, but my mind started to spin when he told me that
his employer was hiring, and he had already put in a good word for me.
He didn’t tell me where he worked or what kind of place it was, and I
didn’t bother to ask. A job was a job, and for that kind of money, I
didn’t care where it was, or what I would be doing.

Looking back on it now, I think I should have been a little bit more
discerning. 

I met his boss, a middle-aged used car salesman-type named Larry, for a
quick interview at a local coffee shop. Larry offered me the job
immediately after the interview, and he gave me a brief rundown of what
my new gig would look like if I chose to accept it. It turned out to
have a pretty simple job description: there was an old, semi-abandoned
manor in the woods a few towns over that, due to its isolation, was the
target of some less-than-savory activity. He assured me that it was
nothing to be overly concerned about—mostly just teens wanting to
trespass so that they could party or vandalize the place—but that it was
enough to warrant a 24-hour security detail. The property’s owners
recognized the manor’s value as a historic site, and while they had no
intentions of restoring it or opening it up to the public, they at the
very least wanted to prevent it from falling into further dereliction.

I accepted the job immediately. Larry told me over a firm handshake that
my first night would be exactly a week out from the interview, and that
I was to arrive at 7pm sharp. This gave me some time to prepare for
working nights, and at the expiration of seven days, I arrived for my
first shift. I followed Larry’s directions (my phone’s GPS was unable to
locate the place), which took me off of the main road and onto what was
essentially a glorified dirt path carved out of a seemingly endless
ocean of amber trees. The earthen road twisted and turned through the
autumnal forest for so long that I began to question if I was ever
actually going to reach my destination, or if I was doomed to wander
about that infinite space for all eternity. It didn’t help that I was
arriving for my first shift a little before 7pm, which at that time of
year meant that I was driving through a cloud of darkness devoid of
streetlights.

It felt like I followed that shadowy road for hours, and I was beginning
to contemplate turning back and calling this entire thing a wash when
the first sign of my new workplace finally loomed into view. A tall,
wrought-iron gate, which I only managed to see thanks to a pair of dim
electric lanterns welded to either side of its metal frame, forced me to
bring my car to a sudden halt. A fence of the same material spread out
from the gate in either direction, with both ends disappearing into the
shadows of the dense forest. I sat with my engine idling for about ten
seconds, wondering if I should get out of the car and open the gate
myself, when the iron barrier suddenly began groaning with the effort of
sliding to one side. I waited for it to settle into place before I
willed my vehicle forward and passed through the threshold. My rear
bumper had barely cleared the gate before the barrier began to cry its
way back into place.

The world on the other side of the barrier was just as dark as the
surrounding forest was, but another pair of dim lanterns allowed me to
spot a stone gatehouse that I quickly pulled up to. A short man with
scruffy, graying hair pushed open the gatehouse’s glass door and walked
up to my car. I rolled down my window and he immediately began to speak
with a voice about as harsh as the sound of the grinding gate.

“You the new guy?”

I nodded. “That’d be me.”

“Great,” he said. “Glad ya made it. The name’s Spatz. Pull your car into
the employee parking lot over there and meet me in the gatehouse.”

I did as Spatz instructed and drove down the dirt road another short
distance before pulling into the empty gravel lot situated behind the
gatehouse. By the time I got out and made my way over to the small
building, Spatz was already back inside.

“Glad ya made it,” he said again. “Welcome to the Manor. Since it’s your
first night, you’ll be workin’ the gatehouse. There ain’t a lot to it,
so you’ll probably do just fine.”

I frowned. “Are you not staying here with me?”

“Are ya kidding?” he said. “My shift’s officially over now that you’re
here. I work the gate bright and early tomorrow though, so I’ll be here
to relieve ya at seven.”

“I figured I would get some sort of orientation before being left on my
own.”

“There ain’t much to orientate you to on your first night. You just need
to sit here and watch over the gate—make sure nobody comes in who ain’t
supposed to be here. Ya got your gate button, which you probably won’t
need to press at all, and your radio in case you need to get in touch
with anybody at the Manor. Once I’m gone, you should radio in to let the
others know you’re here.”

“How am I supposed to know who should and shouldn’t come through the
gate?”

“Ah, the fence’ll take care of that for ya. Anybody who has any business
here’ll be able to get in and out well enough, and anybody who
doesn’t’ll be stuck on the other side. Some of the riffraff might be a
little more persistent about gettin’ in, but you just need to stay firm
and remember that you don’t open the gate for anybody. It’s like I said:
if they’re meant to be here, they’ll get in.”

“Well, alright, then,” I said uncertainly.

“Take it easy, kid,” Spatz said. “I’ve been workin’ this gig for years
and I’ve only ever had to turn a handful of people away. It should be a
quiet night for you. Just uh… don’t bother any of the people who do come
through the gate, yeah? They don’t much care for bein’ disturbed.”

“Why not?”

“I don’t know,” he said, “and I don’t ask. You’ll find things are easier
here if you do the same.”

“I didn’t think this place was open to the public,” I said. “Why are
there people coming through here in the middle of the night?”

Spatz shrugged. “Hey, it ain’t our job to worry about those kinds of
details. If they’ve got access, it means they’re meant to be here. You
don’t need to concern yourself with anything else.” He turned and began
walking out of the gatehouse before I could ask anything else. I stood
near the entryway and watched him go. A minute or so later he pulled
around in his car and rolled down the window. “Good luck tonight, kid. I
hope to see ya in the mornin’.”

His window was rolling up and his car was passing beyond the gatehouse
before I could ask him what he meant by that. I went to press the gate
button, but I heard the thing struggle open before I could ever reach
the switch. Glancing out the dark, smudgy window that looked out to the
gate, I watched as Spatz’s car drove through the threshold and
disappeared into the darkness with the barrier closing shut behind him.
I figured he must have had a key fob that activated the gate, and I
assumed that anybody who was “meant to be here”, as he had put it, would
have the same level of access.

Once I was alone, I took a few moments to get a lay of my surroundings.
The gatehouse was small—no bigger than eight by eight feet—and it came
with a single three-by-three-foot window peering out onto the gate,
which I had just looked through to watch Spatz drive away. There was a
single rolling chair positioned in front of a desk built into the
concrete wall, which held a flashlight resting bulb-side down, as well
as the gate’s single activation button and the radio that Spatz had
mentioned. A key fob sat on the desk near the radio, which I left in
place, assuming that another employee had accidentally left it there at
the end of their shift. A corner of concrete stood between the window
and the entrance door. I couldn’t see the gate through the door, but its
glass body allowed me to see what parts of the dirt road were
illuminated by the dim lanterns outside.

I sat in the chair in front of the desk, picked up the radio mic, and
pressed the transmit button. I awkwardly fumbled through some line about
how I had just taken over gate duty for the night shift before releasing
the transmitter. A few moments of silence passed before a man’s voice
crackled through the speaker.

“Copy,” he said. “You must be the new guy. The name’s Miller. Glad to
know that Larry managed to hire a guy who actually showed up for once.”

I didn’t know what to say at first, so I settled on, “Yeah, well, I’m
just glad to be here.”

“We’ll see how long that lasts,” came a woman’s voice.

“Don’t try to scare him away too soon, Ramirez,” Miller said. “He only
just got here.”

“Don’t worry,” I said, trying to sound cordial, “I’m not planning on
going anywhere.”

“That’s good to know,” Ramirez said. “We could really use people who are
willing to stick around for a while. Well strap in, new guy. It’s gonna
be a long night.”

The next few hours were largely uneventful. I spent a lot of time
scrolling on my phone and wishing I had brought anything else to do
while I waited for the sun to come up. More than anything, I wished I
had thought to bring a pair of headphones. The deep quiet of that forest
was a little overwhelming for somebody like me, who had spent the
majority of their life in noisy suburban towns where true silence is
something that most people tried to avoid. I considered watching videos
or playing music through my phone speaker, but as uncomfortable as the
silence was, the thought of disturbing it with any sort of continuous
noise was somehow even worse. It was as if I was subconsciously afraid
to upset the tranquility of the forest, or I otherwise feared what would
have happened if I had inadvertently invoked its wrath.

It was around 10 o’clock when the first visitor of my shift arrived. I
had been wallowing in the boredom caused by my lack of forethought when
I suddenly heard the gate screeching open. Looking out the window, I saw
a car waiting on the other side of the lazily moving barricade. Its jet
black paint job made its details difficult to make out in the dim
lighting, but from what I could gather, it looked to be several decades
older than most other vehicles currently on the road. 

The car slowly drove through the gate just as soon as the path was
cleared. I was able to get a better look at its driver as it passed in
front of the gatehouse door; he wore a sophisticated chauffeur’s livery
topped with a fancy hat, the entire ensemble looking to cost more than I
had in my bank account at the time. I only ever saw the left side of his
pale, clean shaven face; he refused to take his eyes off of the road to
even glance in my direction, and as far as I could tell, he didn’t even
know that I was there.

I couldn’t see anybody in the rear of his vehicle, and I found it odd
that he would be coming to such a place on his own at such an odd hour,
but the fact that he had a fob that gave him access to the gate told me
that I didn’t need to worry about those details. It was like Spatz had
told me: the man clearly belonged here, and that was all I needed to
know.

The car passed by without incident, and I quickly forgot about the
visitor as I returned to my state of quiet solitude. Another couple of
uneventful hours passed, during which I really began to burn through my
phone’s battery as I struggled to pry enough entertainment out of the
soundless device in order to keep myself from dozing off. I found myself
wishing that I had brought my charger to work with me, but a quick
glance around the gatehouse told me that there weren’t any spare outlets
for me to use anyway. I told myself that in the future I would need to
come prepared with more stuff to pass the time.

It was a little after midnight when the second visitor arrived. I had
been spending the last few minutes looking out the grimy gatehouse
window trying to see what I could discern through the darkness. Beyond
the small space surrounding the gate that was illuminated by the
lanterns, all I could make out were the vague forms of the imposing
trees flanking either side of the road. Eventually staring out into the
endless abyss began to make me feel anxious, as if the forest was
getting angry with me for scrutinizing it so much, and it wasn’t afraid
to let me know it. It is for this reason that I had been avoiding
looking out at the gate for several minutes by the time I heard the
sound of clopping hooves coming from outside. My eyes immediately shot
to the window; beyond its dirty glass I could see that the gate had
already come shut, if it had ever opened at all, and steadily moving
away from it was the rear of what looked to be a wooden carriage. Its
front was temporarily hidden by the corner wall that stood between the
window and the glass door, but after a few brief moments it soon passed
into view. Led by a pair of pale white horses, the carriage lazily moved
in front of the gatehouse door and into the darkness beyond it. As it
passed, I saw a driver holding the horse’s reins. He was dressed
similarly to the driver of the car from a couple of hours earlier,
albeit in an outfit that looked to be from an even earlier time period.
He too refused to acknowledge me as he went by. He was gone in just a
few short moments, but I sat there, confused and borderline slack-jawed,
until the sound of his horses’ hooves faded into the night.

Once I was alone, I hesitantly reached for the radio mic. “Uh, this is
the front gate checking in,” I said after beginning my transmission. “Is
anybody there?”

A few moments passed before the speaker crackled to life. “Need
something, new guy?” came Miller’s voice.

“Quick question,” I said. “Do we typically get horse-drawn carriages
coming through the gate?”

There was a pause before Miller responded. “Every now and then, yeah.”

“Even at midnight?”

Again Miller allowed a beat before speaking. “Did it come through the
gate on its own, without you opening it?”

This time it was me who hesitated before answering. I couldn’t remember
hearing the gate come open, but surely it must have, since I hadn’t
opened it myself, and there was no way an entire carriage and two horses
could have gotten through unless the way was clear.

“Yeah,” I finally said. “It did.”

“Then don’t worry about it.” 

“Okay,” I said quickly. “Thanks.”

I frowned as I returned the mic to its holder. Surely the carriage must
have passed through the gate, but if this was true, then why hadn’t I
heard the thing come open? Had I been dozing off and simply missed it? I
didn’t like this explanation, but it was the only one that made any sort
of sense, so I begrudgingly had to accept it.

The incident with the carriage had me wired, which meant I was wide
awake and completely alert for the rest of the night. This also meant
that when the next incident happened, there was no way I could possibly
justify it as having been spawned within the shallow recesses of a
groggy mind.

It was a little before 4am, which meant I only had a few hours left of
my shift. My phone’s battery was down to its last legs, and I was doing
my best to conserve what little juice it had left by once again
entertaining myself with the outside world. I still felt a little
anxious watching the void beyond the gate for too long, but I found that
I could more easily stomach staring out the glass door. If I hadn’t been
so wrapped up in memorizing the limited landscape just beyond the
gatehouse, I likely wouldn’t have even seen the woman walking by.

I was so startled by her profile as she walked right in front of the
door that I almost fell out of my chair. By the time I had recovered,
she was almost completely out of view. She didn’t turn to look at me as
she vanished around the side of the building. After taking a few seconds
to catch my breath, I quickly grabbed the flashlight sitting on the desk
next to the radio and rushed out after her.

“Hey!” I yelled as I opened the door and turned on my light. “Hey,
come—”

The words were ripped from my mouth as I stepped outside and shined my
flashlight up the path. Where I expected to see the intruder continuing
along her way, I found nothing but an empty patch of earthen road, on
the other side of which rested undisturbed, unmoving darkness. The woman
was gone.

I made a quick check of the gatehouse’s perimeter before rushing back
inside and grabbing the radio. “This is the gatehouse,” I said. “A
trespasser just walked right past me. She must have jumped the fence or
something.”

“Just take it easy, new guy,” Miller said. “Which way did she go?”

“I don’t know,” I said. “I rushed out the door right behind her, but as
soon as I got outside she was gone.”

There was a long, uncomfortable pause before Miller finally spoke again.
“What did she look like?”

“I didn’t get a good look at her,” I said, “but I think she had long,
dark hair.”

“Wearing a faded yellow dress?”

I thought for a second. “Yeah, I think so. How did you know that? Did
you catch her on a security camera or something?”

Miller allowed another short pause. “You can just go back to what you
were doing, new guy. You don’t need to worry about her.”

“But—”

“You really should just leave it alone,” Ramirez said. “You’re lucky she
didn’t notice you going after her, or there might have been hell to
pay.”

“What do you mean?” I asked. “Who is she?”

“She’s allowed to be here,” Miller said. “Sorry you had to see her on
your first night.”

I had more questions, but their shared tone of voice told me that now
wasn’t the time to ask them. “Alright,” I said. “Thanks, guys. Sorry to
keep bugging you.”

“Only a few more hours left, new guy,” Miller said. “Just hang in there,
alright?”

“Y-yeah,” I said quietly before putting the mic down.

I spent the rest of my shift dreading what was going to come next. My
fears turned out to be unwarranted, because I managed to make it until
7am without any further incident. I expected Spatz to be the one to
greet me at the end of my shift, but instead a much younger man came
walking into the gatehouse as the early morning sun made its ascent into
the sky.

The man looked at me as he tossed his backpack onto the ground near the
radio desk. “You the new guy?”

“Yeah,” I said before introducing myself.

“Nice to meet you,” he said. “I’m Jones. I only just started here about
six months ago myself, after some other guy quit or got fired or
something.”

“How do you like it here?”

“It’s been alright. A bit boring, but the pay is really good for only
having to work three shifts per week.”

“Yeah, it’s definitely nice,” I said before allowing a pause. “By the
way, did Spatz call out or something?”

Jones frowned. “Spatz?”

“Yeah,” I said again. “He said he was supposed to be my replacement this
morning.”

Huh,” Jones said. “That’s weird. I’ve been working this shift since I
started six months ago.”

“Oh,”  I said. “I guess he must have been confusing it for a different
day or something.”

My replacement shrugged. “Maybe.”

Our conversation went silent, and I took that as my sign to leave. I
exited the gatehouse and walked around to the employee parking lot, now
complete with two vehicles, and climbed into my car. Jones pressed the
gate button to let me out since I did not yet have a fob of my own, and
I slowly made my way along the winding forest path and out to
civilization before eventually arriving home.

Later that day I received a phone call from Larry.

“How’d it go last night?” he asked. “Plannin’ on sticking around for a
while?”

“It wasn’t bad,” I said. “I definitely think I want to keep this up.”

“Glad to hear it, kid,” Larry said. “By the way, I just wanted to
apologize for what happened. If I had known you’d have been by yourself
the whole time, I’d have sent somebody else there to show you the
ropes.”

I was confused. “What do you mean?”

“I mean I’m sorry that idiot Jackson decided to up and leave about half
an hour before your shift started. He apparently ditched his fob in the
gatehouse and left the gate sitting wide open, too. He didn’t even
bother to tell me he was quitting until this morin’.”

“I don’t understand,” I said, at this point thoroughly lost. “There was
somebody there when I arrived last night. His name was Spatz.” 

Larry seemed taken aback by the name. He paused a few seconds before
responding. “Spatz?”

“Yeah,” I said. “Maybe that Jackson guy called him and got him to come
in for a little bit.”

“That’s impossible,” Larry said quickly.

“Why?” I asked.

Larry hesitated. I heard him sigh on the other end of the phone. “I
didn’t want to be the one to tell you this, new guy, but Spatz… Spatz
don’t work for us no more. He hasn’t for about six months now.”

I was more confused than ever, but despite a deep pit forming in my
stomach, I pressed on with my next question. “Why?” I asked. “Because he
got fired?”

“No,” Larry said. His next pause felt like it lasted for an eternity,
and when he finally broke it, his words seemed to shatter the very
ground that I stood upon. “The reason Spatz don’t work for us no more…
is because Spatz is dead.”
