Hey everybody,

I’m almost done for the night and figured I would give you all a recap.
I have to say, tonight’s shift has been rough. Things started pretty
much from the word go. Almost immediately after I clocked in, Gary came
in and needed my help.

The motel is old and understandably has old motel problems. A couple of
customers on the second floor reported that their rooms were having
electrical problems. Gary and I went up to check them out. Room sixteen
had multiple outlets not working and room fifteen’s lights were
constantly flickering on and off so we went to go check the breaker box.

This motel has a long, hidden maintenance corridor with an entrance
beside the elevator on each floor. It has always creeped me out and
unfortunately, that’s where the breaker box was.

Gary started going down the list of room numbers on the panel while I
held the light. He paused on an old, handwritten fourteen.

“What?” I asked.

Gary looked at me, “What?”

“You stopped.”

“I’m old. I stop sometimes.”

And he went right back to work.

When we came out of the corridor though, there was a five-year-old
standing there at the end of the hall. His parents weren’t anywhere
around. Gary and I walked up to the kid and asked what he was doing out
in the hall.

“I don’t know,” he said.

We walked him back to the front office and tried to figure out what the
hell this kid was doing out this late. He said he didn’t remember
anything aside from coming to while standing out in the hall. I asked
what room number he was in and looked up the reservation. The room was
registered to Ms. Simmons so I picked up the phone and gave her a call.

“He…hello?” she said, obviously just waking up.

“Ms. Simmons, this is the front desk. Do you have a son?”

“Yes. Why?”

“Well Ms. Simmons, we found him standing out in the hallway. He’s in the
front office with us now.”

“Wait, what? No he isn’t. He’s in the bed next to mine.”

“No ma’am. He’s right…” and I stopped. When I turned, the kid was no
longer there.

I started to frantically search the office while Gary went into the back
room. Nothing. I had Ms. Simmons stay on the line while we searched. She
turned on the light and confirmed that he was still in bed. What she
said next is what really stuck with me though.

“He says he knows you.”

“What?”

“My son. He said you brought him downstairs.”

I told Gary what she said and he just stood there.

“Did you hear what I just told you?”

“Yep.”

“Any ideas?”

“Nope.”

We asked if we could come up to the room and she said yes. When she
opened the door, there he was. Same kid. Same pajamas. He just stared at
Gary and me. We just told them both to have a good night and walked back
to the front office. Neither of us said a word.

Things stayed quiet for about an hour after that until Kevin came in.

Kevin is a regular of ours. He travels a lot for work and about once a
week he comes and stays with us. He’s an alright guy. We usually
bullshit for about ten minutes when he checks in before he heads up to
his room. He asked how things were going and I explained the electrical
problems we were
having.

“Still haven’t fixed that, huh?”

“Yeah. It’s an old building man, you know how it is.”

“Yeah. Used to happen all the time back when it was called the
Fredmont.”

I hadn’t ever heard that name. About that time, Gary came out.

“Haven’t heard anybody call it that in a long time,” Gary said, coming
out of the back.

“What the hell is the Fredmont?”

Gary stopped.

“This place.”

“Since when?”

“Long time ago.”

Kevin laughed. “See? Told you.”

“How long ago?”

Gary shrugged. “Before you worked here.”

They chatted for a bit longer and then Kevin headed up to his room. He
called the front desk about 45 minutes later. He claimed that he
couldn’t sleep because there was a group of people talking out in front
of his door. I checked the security cameras and there wasn’t anyone
standing there. Twenty minutes later, he called again with the same
complaint.

“Kevin, there isn’t anyone there.”

“Yes there is, I can hear them.”

“I’m looking at the camera right now and don’t see anyone.”

“Well they just said my name.”

“What did they say?”

“Just my name.”

“What about it?”

“Hold on.”

He went quiet for a few seconds.

“Kevin?”

“They’re talking about me.”

He then went on to explain that apparently they knew what car he drove,
that he came there all the time, his entire routine. I figured I should
go up there and check things out. When I got up to the room, I still
didn’t see anyone there but I knocked on his door.

He let me in and we talked for a couple of minutes. I was just about to
leave when I heard footsteps coming down the hall that seemed to stop
outside his door.

“There! You hear them? They’re talking again.”

I didn’t hear anything, just the footsteps. Kevin suddenly stopped
talking.

“What?”

He didn’t answer.

“Kevin?”

He looked at me.

“They’re talking about you now.”

“What are they saying?”

Kevin looked at the door.

“They’re trying to figure out which one of us is going to open it.”

Neither of us did. We just stood there for about five
minutes. I still couldn’t hear anyone talking. I worked up the courage
to look through the peephole but I didn’t see anything. When I finally
opened the door,
still nothing. Just an empty hallway. I told Kevin goodnight and walked
back down to the office. I wanted to tell Gary what happened but he was
out back dealing with Richard.

He walked back into the office about fifteen minutes later but before I
could get the story out, the phone rang. It was Kevin’s room.

“Are they back, Kevin?”

“No.”

“Then what’s up?”

“They’re heading downstairs.”

I looked at Gary, who instinctively locked the front door. We waited for
a while but no one ever came.

A couple of hours later, I woke up to knocking on the front door.
Apparently, Gary never unlocked it. An old lanky man walked into the
front asking for a room. I tried not to draw attention to how strange he
looked.

The man was pale and gaunt. He looked like someone had put a suit on a
corpse. He spoke slowly and deliberately and asked for a room for the
night, his long fingers stretched out with his ID in hand. He stared at
me constantly while I punched his information into the computer.

“How many guests?” I asked.

“One.”

“Okay, just one.”

“For now.”

To be honest, he creeped me out but the ID was normal and the credit
card worked, so I handed him a key and he slowly walked out. I walked
back over and locked the door again. Immediately I went back to the
cameras.

I watched as this guy grabbed bag after bag from his car. Way too many
bags for one walking corpse. I must have watched for thirty minutes
before I had to stop and go to the bathroom. I was startled when I came
out of the bathroom to see him, standing outside the door looking in. I
walked over and unlocked the door.

“Yes sir?”

“Another key, please.”

“You need another key?”

“Yes.”

And that’s when this tiny, bubbly lady came into the office. She was his
daughter. Her plane had been delayed, and she had just arrived.
Apparently, they were supposed to go on a road trip together after he
picked her up. Due to the delay, he got a room since we’re not that far
from the airport and she took a cab here after she landed.

So yeah. Turns out he wasn’t a walking corpse coming to collect another
victim. He was just a weird-looking dad who apparently packed enough
luggage for a six-month expedition.

I felt a little bad about locking him out twice.

The last incident made me question whether a somewhat above minimum wage
job is worth it.

Around 5 a.m., I got another call about the electricity in a different
room. Gary had gone home for the night, so it was just me. I really
didn’t want to go back into the corridor but can’t exactly tell the
customer to get over their fan and AC not working either. I turned on my
phone’s flashlight and willed my way into the corridor.

I got down to the breaker box and flipped the breaker for the room when
I heard the entry door open and close again.

Now, that door can only be opened with a key, and I was the only
employee here. I hoped I had just been hearing things. Just then I
started to hear footsteps approaching me from the door.

I turned and aimed my flashlight down towards the entrance. There wasn’t
anyone there. I walked towards the entry when I heard the footsteps
again.

This time, they were at the other end of the corridor, but they were
closer. I turned again, still nothing.

Then they came from near the entrance again.

They were even closer now.

Then once more from behind me.

I didn’t wait to see what was going to happen next, I just took off
running.

When I did, the footsteps started running too.

Both of them.

I finally made it to the door and after fumbling with the knob, got it
open. I slammed the door behind me, bracing for some type of impact or
something. Nothing. No monster trying the handle. No knocking on the
door. No footsteps or voices. Just silence and the sound of my breathing
filling the hallway. I got back to the front office and locked the door
again.

I have been sitting at the desk since then and the morning guy just
showed up. He can deal with the damn electricity himself.
