Previously

​

Most people have never heard of the Vogel Institute and those that have
typically believe that we only deal in meteorological research.

​

They’re not entirely wrong. The Konrad Vogel Institute for Meteorology
and Atmospheric Science is in many ways exactly what it claims to be. We
study weather patterns, changes in the atmosphere, and how that
atmosphere affects (and is affected by) the Earth’s surface. In fact,
many researchers affiliated with the Vogel Institute have published some
very insightful papers on those very subjects.

​

However, with that said - meteorological research is not the primary
reason why the Vogel Institute exists.

​

No. We exist because we know what’s out there and as far as I know,
we’re the only ones.

​

We are not alone in the universe. Life is not exclusive to Earth. It
exists in other places, on other worlds. Just how many other life forms
are out there - we can’t say for sure. Our understanding of
extraterrestrial life is still very much in its infancy. We simply know
that they exist, and we know that they are dangerous.

​

***

​

I grew up in Toronto, so I’m used to living in the city. The noise, the
crowds, and having everything I need within walking distance, that’s
familiar to me.

​

Tevam Sound on the other hand is quiet. Even when the streets downtown
are busy, there aren’t that many people out and about and if I want
anything, I need to drive to get there. Walking into town from our cabin
would take too long.

​

Staying in Tevam Sound was not my first choice, but unfortunately, it
was necessary. A small, quiet town like this is probably the best place
to lay low for the foreseeable future. I have no doubt that we could
still be found here. But it’s easier to hide in a place like this.

​

Despite our study of extraterrestrial life, The Vogel Institute has had
very little contact with it. Most of our experience with them comes from
accounts we’ve recorded from those who have encountered them directly.

​

Honestly - I wasn’t sure that would ever change. The beings that are out
there, the ones we call ‘The Supremacy’ are secretive. They only show
themselves when they have to and they don’t leave much in the way of
physical evidence behind. Up until recently, we could only ever
speculate on why they were even interested in humanity, or what their
goals might have been.

​

Then, of course, two weeks ago we met Bea.

​

Bea was a quiet, scrawny girl with short dark hair and intense eyes. I’d
found her living out of an abandoned motel while investigating an
uncharacteristic attack from the Supremacy. Bea had been the only
survivor and it wasn’t that long before we realized that that wasn’t by
accident. The Supremacy had been looking for her. Bea knew that. In
fact, she probably knew more about them than we did, and she was more
than happy to share that knowledge with us.

​

During our initial debriefing of her, she told us things that seemed too
horrible to be true. She told us about the research facility she’d spent
her life in. She told us about how the Supremacy had studied her and the
others in that facility, breeding and crossbreeding them, cutting them
apart, and stitching them back together.

​

I’d always suspected that the Supremacy weren’t exactly benevolent but
this… this went far beyond my wildest nightmares.

​

Then, almost as if to punctuate the reality of the things Bea had shared
with us, the Supremacy tried to take her back.

​

I’ve worked for the Vogel Institute for years now. We’ve never had any
direct encounters with the Supremacy before. But apparently, Bea was
important enough for them to change that.

​

They came for her in force, and we lost a lot of good people trying to
keep them from her. In the end, I think the only reason that we
succeeded is because we had more people on the scene than they could
kill and though they retreated, we knew they’d be back.

It’s why the decision was made to move Bea someplace else and I
volunteered to keep watch over her.

​

Call it a sense of responsibility or call it attachment… I just thought
she’d do better with someone she knew she could trust keeping watch over
her and I stand by that statement.

​

Since we’ve gone to ground in Tevam Sound, Bea has settled in fairly
well… and while I’m not a fan of this small town living, it is…
reassuring, to know that she’s doing well. The nights are quiet out at
the cabin and I’d be lying if I said I didn’t appreciate the atmosphere
that comes with twilight.

​

The vibrant orange sky burns bright, casting a golden hue over the lake
behind us. At dusk, Bea usually sits and documents the various birds
that come and go from the feeder we set out. I never would have taken
her for a bird watcher, but she says she finds it interesting and if it
makes her happy, I’m not going to stop her. Lord knows, the girl could
use a hobby. As for me, I spend my time reading. I have a colleague who
teaches a class at Tevam Sounds Upper Lake University who gave me access
to their library, and I’ve taken full advantage of it.

​

I’ve admittedly never had this much downtime before. For as long as I
can remember, I’ve either been focused on my studies or focused on my
work at the Vogel Institute. Staying at home isn’t really what I’m used
to, but that is what these past few weeks have entailed. Our nights are
peaceful, and while that makes me a little restless there is still
something nice about it. I suppose this is what domestic life might be
like. Cooking dinner together, watching TV at night, and sharing the
same space as we indulge in our own little hobbies.

​

Part of me likes it, and in the moments when we’re together like that, I
can forget about why we’re out here and pretend for a little while that
this is something else. If it weren’t for the lights we sometimes see in
the sky I might even go so far as to say that I feel more at peace here.

​

But then the lights come, and I’m reminded that we’re only here because
we’re hiding and technically, I’m still at work. This is not quiet,
domestic bliss. We are being hunted.

​

The lights are hard to notice if you’re not looking for them and they’re
easiest to see at twilight. They move like shooting stars, darting
across the darkening sky. I’m sure that the layman might think they are
just shooting stars, but Bea and I know better. They’re always a little
too bright and stay for a little too long. Sometimes they’re slower than
a shooting star should be and sometimes, they stay in one place for a
little too long, looking like nothing more than just another star in the
night sky. When we see them, I always feel Bea reaching for my hand and
I always let her take it. She feels more comfortable with me close by…
and there’s a small part of me that is glad I can make her feel safer.

​

She told me that she doesn’t want to be alone, so I stay with her during
the night. I have my own bed, but I stopped sleeping in it after the
first couple of days. She prefers having me in the room with her. She
sleeps better when I’m holding her. I think she just feels safer,
knowing that I’m there. That’s okay… I’m happy to be there for her.

​

***

​

It was raining on the day that the power went out. I was at the store in
town when it happened. One moment, I was in one of the aisles, picking
up that week’s supplies, and the next, total darkness. I heard a kid
scream just a few aisles over and on instinct, my hand went to the gun I
wore at my hip. I waited for the familiar smell of burning flesh to fill
my nostrils, or for some other lights to appear… but there was nothing.
The lack of anything happening in the moments that followed didn’t do
much to set me at ease, though.

​

“Second time this week…” I heard one of the employees say as I made my
way to the front of the store.

“Yeah, there was another blackout this morning out on the east end. Not
sure what’s going on but they’d better fix it, fast.”

I’d heard about these other blackouts before, and my gut told me that
they weren’t happening by sheer coincidence.

​

They opened up a register for anyone paying with cash until the power
came back on, so I was still able to finish up there fairly quickly. We
weren’t sure just what the Supremacy could or couldn’t track, so paying
for everything in cash had seemed like the smartest idea anyways.

​

I stepped out into the rain and headed back to the car with my bags of
groceries in hand. I left them on the passenger seat as I got in, keyed
the engine, and headed back out onto the road.

​

The lights at the nearby intersection flashed red, effectively turning
them into glorified stop signs. I waited my turn behind the others on
the road so I could move on and as I sat uneasily in my car I noticed a
figure walking down the street toward me. I saw him in my side view
mirror. At a glance, there wasn’t anything particularly noteworthy about
him. I’m not even entirely sure why he caught my eye.

​

He was young, tall, and rail thin with short brown hair and pasty skin.
He wore a neat black suit, and was grinning wide from ear to ear.
However, the longer I looked, the stranger he seemed. I think it was the
smile that mostly bothered me. Something about that smile of his wasn’t
quite right. He almost seemed to have too many teeth, or maybe the teeth
he had didn’t fit into his mouth just right. It’s hard to say for sure.
Looking at him was almost like looking at one of those AI-generated
pictures of a person who doesn’t really exist. Something was clearly
off, but in such a subtle way that it was impossible to be sure exactly
what.

​

One thing I was sure of though was that he was walking toward me. He
wasn’t just walking down the street. He was walking toward my car. I was
sure that I wasn’t just being paranoid… he was walking toward my car.

​

On a whim, I moved into the right hand lane. There were fewer cars there
so I could turn and be on another street fairly quickly. Looking into my
rearview mirror as I left the strange man behind, I could see that he
was still walking and wondered for a moment if maybe my nerves had made
me too jumpy. But I figured it was better safe than sorry, right?

​

The stoplights flashed red for three blocks before everything seemed
normal again and thankfully, I didn’t see anything else odd during the
rest of my drive back to the cabin.

​

I parked my car in the little garage we had separate from the main
cabin, then took the groceries out and headed inside. Bea was in the
living room by the window when I came in, tinkering away at something on
the coffee table.

​

“You wouldn’t believe the rain out there,” I said. “It’s coming down in
actual sheets.”

“Yeah, I saw.” She replied, not even looking up from whatever it was
that she was doing. I went into the kitchen to put the groceries away.

​

“More blackouts,” I said. “They’re still in town. I don’t think they’ve
gone out much further than that. But they’re starting to worry me.”

“Why?” Bea asked, “You still think they put some sort of tracker on me
or something?”

“It would make sense,” I said. “Just because we didn’t find anything
during your medical exam, doesn’t mean there’s nothing there.”

​

She rolled her eyes.

“You’re being overprotective,” She said. “I was on the run from them for
a year and they never found me.”

“Well, I don’t recall hearing about blackouts like this while you were
in Lakeshore either,” I said. “Maybe they’re trying to cut out any extra
signals to see if they can isolate yours.”Bea didn’t reply to that. She
just kept tinkering with whatever it was that she was tinkering with.

​

“What are you doing over there anyways?” I asked. I was done with the
bulk of the groceries, so I poured myself a fresh cup of coffee and went
over to check on her.

​

Bea sat cross legged in front of the coffee table, and from what I could
see it looked like she’d disassembled our alarm clock.

“What is that?” I asked.

She paused, but didn’t look up at me.

“Insurance,” She said. “I had something similar back at the motel I was
at for a while, until some asshole squatter broke it. I dunno if it
would work or not. I never really got to test it. But in theory, it was
supposed to screw with the Supremacy’s tech.”

​

I raised an eyebrow.

“You can build something like that?” I asked.

“I mean, I can try,” She said. “One of the guys back at the facility,
S-044 was really interested in the Supremacy’s tech. He used to try to
nab things from them every now and again. He tried to teach the rest of
us, but not a lot of it stuck. I do remember that he said something
about these frequencies that all of their tech was connected by, and he
was sure that if you tapped into those frequencies, you could really
mess with them.”

“Sounds like he knew his stuff,” I said.

“He must have because he disappeared pretty fast after he started
getting somewhere with his research. A few of us were able to keep some
of his notes, but the rest disappeared with him.”

​

I frowned. Sometimes it was easy to forget just what kind of nightmare
Bea had come from. Listening to her talk about the facility she’d spent
her life in was always fascinating… but at the same time, it was
disturbing. The casual way she described people she knew vanishing, or
the fact that she could remember the horrors of her own vivisections
never failed to leave me at a loss for words.

“So… the frequencies you’re trying to tap into, what are they supposed
to do?” I asked.

“Well, S-044 thought that their soldiers had some sort of self destruct
code in some of their tech, just to keep it from ever being captured.
Ideally, this would be able to trigger it.”

​

I whistled.

“That would ruin their day,” I noted.

‘Ruining their day’ felt kind of like an understatement. I’d seen
firsthand the way the weapons and bodies of the Supremacy’s dead
soldiers had burned away after their failed attempt to reclaim Bea.
Whatever they used burned like thermite and left nothing behind. If
something like that went off while those bastards were still alive…
well…

​

“If it works,” Bea said. “There’s still a million things that can go
wrong. Assuming I even built this right, they’d still need to be using
the same frequency.”

“Well, here’s hoping you never have to test it,” I said.

​

Bea gave a quiet nod before setting her tools down and getting up for a
break. She stole my coffee before heading to the window to watch the
rain for a moment. I saw her eyes shifting up to the sky, looking for
lights. I put a comforting arm around her.

“If they’re out there, they aren’t going to see us under the cloud
cover,” I said, although I had no way of knowing if that were true or
not and Bea knew that.

​

She still rested her head on my shoulder, and I stole back my coffee to
take a sip before kissing her on the head as she wrapped her arms around
me and leaned into me. Thunder rolled in the distance and I could see
lightning flash somewhere far away.

“You want to take a break?” I offered. She nodded. I kissed her head
again, holding her close and setting my coffee down on the windowsill.
She looked up, and gently kissed me back.

​

From there… things just sort of escalated.

​

It wasn’t the first time. It wouldn’t be the last either.

​

I know I was technically still on the clock… I know that she was an
assignment, an asset I needed to protect. But technically this was part
of the job, wasn’t it? I wasn’t just there to keep her safe, I was there
to take care of her! She needed someone to stay with her… staying with
her had turned into something else, but it was still part of my job to
care for her!

​

That was part of the job, wasn’t it?

​

Wasn’t it…?

​

More than once, I’d wondered what the hell I was doing, getting caught
up in something like this. I’m the daughter of the current Head of the
Vogel Institute. I’m expected to behave in a professional manner.

​

This… no matter how I tried to justify it in my head… this wasn’t
professional. I wouldn’t have accepted this from anyone else I was
working with, but here I was doing it anyway. People never care when
they’re caught up in the moment, do they?

​

Maybe this was all my fault… I’d never really had the time for a
relationship. I’d never seen the point in one. I’d never be able to talk
about my work, or what I did for a living. I’d never have that much free
time to spend with them. I didn’t have the patience for the inevitable
drama and I never would have dared pursue something with a colleague!
But with Bea… I hadn’t really been able to resist her. She was the one
who’d started flirting. Talking about ways to ‘pass the time’ and it
didn’t take long before I melted like butter in her hands.

​

Part of me welcomed it… it let me reinforce the fantasy that this was a
life we could share together and I could pretend that this would last
forever, even if I knew deep down that it couldn’t.

One way or another, it was going to end.

​

***

​

Bea and I lay lazily in bed as the thunderstorm raged outside. I felt
content, feeling her breathing beside me. Just having her with me. It
made me feel grounded in the moment, and I savored that. I trailed
kisses down her bare shoulders, cuddling close to her to keep her warm
as she dozed and eventually, I rested with her for a while. I didn’t
remember her getting out of bed, but when I woke up she was gone.

​

With the bed empty, I sat up before putting on a T-shirt and some shorts
before going check on her. The cabin was quiet for the most part,
although I could hear her doing something in the living room which set
me at ease.

​

I found her back by the coffee table, with my now cold cup of coffee by
her side. She was illuminated by the table lamp and tinkering with the
modified alarm clock… although I suppose it wasn’t really much of an
alarm clock anymore.

“Can’t sleep?” I asked.

​

She looked up at me, surprised to see me awake.

“Just tinkering,” She said. “I wanted to try something else.”

“Adding some features to your wonder machine?” I asked.

“I’m trying to add in a jammer,” She said, sounding a little sheepish,
“Just in case.”

​

I caught myself smirking at that.

“And you said I was being overprotective, huh?” I teased.

“It’s better to be safe than sorry,” Bea replied, “The blackouts are
going to hit this area sooner or later and I don’t want to take any
chances. They probably didn’t even know I was in Lakeshore until I got
picked up by the police, and I don’t know how closely they’ve been
keeping an eye on me since then! I’m just covering my bases.”

​

“Uh-huh,” I said before going to sit down on the couch behind her. “Did
you sleep at all?”

“I slept plenty. It’s 4 AM, you know. It’s basically morning.”

“Is it?” I asked, I hadn’t thought I’d slept that late.

​

I wrapped my arms around her from behind and kissed her on the head
again, distracting her just for fun. I’d come to realize that was
something I liked about being the taller one… kissing her on the top of
her head was fun.

She gently swatted at me so I’d leave her alone.

“I’m working,” She said although she didn’t sound that annoyed.

“Technically so am I,” I replied.

​

She played with the dial on her device for a little bit, before pushing
it aside and leaning into me.

“Does this qualify as slacking off then?” She asked.

“I’m supposed to be keeping an eye on you. Here I am at 4 in the
morning, keeping an eye on you,” I replied before leaning down to kiss
her again.

​

“How about breakfast?” I asked before getting up to head back to the
kitchen.

I went to the fridge to grab some eggs. As I melted some butter in a
frying pan, I saw Bea turning on the TV.

​

With the butter melted, I cracked four eggs into the pan and fried up
some bacon alongside them. We talked for a bit as I cooked, although I
don’t remember what we talked about. Bea picked out a movie to keep us
occupied as plated up the eggs and brought them over. Bea wasted no time
in digging in.

​

We’d barely even started to eat when the power went out.

“You’ve got to be shitting me…” I said under my breath, looking up.

Bea on the other hand had gone dead silent, and I put a reassuring hand
on her leg.

“It’s okay,” I said. “We both knew it was coming, just relax… okay?”

​

She didn’t answer and for a few moments, the only sound we heard was the
gentle drumming of the rain on the roof. Then we were blinded as the TV
came to life again, the screen filled with jumbled static. Bea jumped
slightly, staring wide eyed into the television and I could feel my body
tensing up as well.

​

The sound coming from the static was all wrong. It sounded mechanical,
like some kind of warbling drone.

“No…” Bea said under her breath, “No, no, no, no…”

“What is it?” I asked as she tore out of my grasp. She grabbed her
device off of the coffee table and tried to turn it off, flicking the
dial way off where it was before ripping out the batteries.

“What the hell is going on?” I asked before Bea threw her device off of
the table. I grabbed her my the shoulders, trying in vain to calm her
down.

​

“Bea, what’s happening!”

“The jammer… they followed it… I should’ve known screwing with their
frequencies was a mistake… I should’ve just left it alone… they’re here…
oh God, Audrey they’re here…”

​

Bea had gone a shade paler and her hands were shaking. Her head turned
suddenly, darting back toward the TV screen.

“How do you know?” I asked.

“Don’t you hear them?” She replied, her eyes were wild. Her breathing
came in heavy, anxious pants. “They’re talking to us!”

​

I looked back at the static on the TV screen. Neither it nor that awful
droning noise that came from it made any sense to me. But Bea seemed to
understand it perfectly.

“Why can’t you just leave me the fuck alone!” She cried, trying to fight
back the tears. “Just leave me alone!”

​

The static on the TV flickered, and the noise changed slightly. Bea
pressed her hands to her head.

“No… no… no…” She sobbed, “Don’t… please don’t… please…”

She stumbled back a step, and taking one more look at the TV I knew I
had to do something.

​

I could feel Bea sinking to the ground and let her collapse as I went
for the TV. It didn’t take a whole lot of effort to pull it off of its
stand and send it crashing to the ground. The screen cracked and the
droning noise stopped. The screen turned blue as the static vanished. I
tore back into the bedroom, grabbing my gun from the bedside table
before going back out to rejoin Bea. She sat curled up on the floor,
still hyperventilating.

​

I crouched down beside her, putting a hand on her shoulder. She jumped a
little bit, before realizing that it was just me.

“Are they coming?” I asked.

“I don’t… I don’t know…” She said. “They didn’t say…”

“Let’s get into the basement then,” I said quietly. I offered her a hand
and let her take it. Then, holding her close to me I escorted her
downstairs. I only paused briefly to pick up the device she’d made
earlier, along with the batteries. My gut told me that it was better to
keep it close.

​

I let Bea go downstairs first and as I followed her, I locked the door
behind us. At the bottom of the stairs was another, heavier door. This
cabin had been designed with something of a panic room in the basement.

​

Last time, the Supremacy hadn’t been able to get Bea inside a room
similar to this and I was hoping that the same trick might just work
again. I doubted it would. It wasn’t the room that had saved her last
time.

​

Bea backed away from the door as I locked it, she stared uneasily at it,
as if waiting for something to happen. But nothing did.

​

Upstairs, there was nothing but a pregnant silence. No footsteps. No
sign that the Supremacy were sending anyone in.

​

Just silence.

​

We still spent the next few hours down there and it wasn’t until closer
to noon that we left.

​

At around 12:30, I opened the door and slowly made my way upstairs
again.

“I’m just going to have a look,” I promised Bea. “I’ll be right back.”

“If you’re going, then I’m going too,” She said.

“No, if they’re waiting for us then you’re safer down here,” I said.
“Get that device of yours working again just in case. Okay?”

​

“But what if-”

“I’ll be okay,” I promised her and gave her a quick kiss on the forehead
before unlocking the door.

“I’ll just be a moment,” I said again before I went through the door.

​

The cabin was quiet and aside from the destroyed TV and our half eaten
breakfasts, nothing seemed out of place. I wasn’t sure if that was a
good thing or not.

​

With my gun in hand, I went to the large window in the living room to
look out. The rain had stopped and the lake was quiet and still. So far
so good, right?

​

I headed for the kitchen again to look out the windows there, and that
was when I paused. Gun still in hand, I made my way toward the door and
stepped out into the afternoon sunlight. The faint smell of burning
filled my nostrils as I surveyed the destruction for myself.

​

Several of the trees surrounding our property had been reduced to
charred, blackened skeletons. Most of them were still standing, although
a few had collapsed under their own weight.

​

Those trees had been fine just a few hours ago.

​

This wasn’t an accident.

​

This was a message… and I understood it all too clearly.

​

“Horrible storm last night, wasn’t it?” A voice called to me, and I
turned to see a figure standing by the dirt road leading up to our
cabin. The moment I saw him, I felt my blood turn to ice in my veins.
The man in the black suit with the unnerving smile that I’d seen the day
before was standing there. He still wore the same strange smile he’d
worn yesterday.

“I would count myself very lucky if I were you,” He said. “That
lightning could have struck your cottage. That would have been a
horrible way to die, don’t you think? Burning alive…”

​

I pointed the gun at him, keeping the barrel trained right on his head.
He didn’t even react to it.

“Who the hell are you?” I demanded.

“You can call me Mr. Frost,” He said. “And I suppose you could say that
I’m something of an Administrator. I work for a foreign company,
protecting their interests in this territory.”

“You can cut the shit, Mr. Frost. I know who you work for,” I said.

​

Frost’s smile only grew wider.

“You might think you do, but I assure you that you know nothing about my
employers,” He said. “But very well. I’ll cut to the chase… my employers
have reason to believe that you have stolen property in your possession.
They would like it returned.”

​

“Your employers can go fuck themselves,” I said. “They’re not getting
anything out of me.”

“That kind of attitude won’t serve you well in this situation, I’m
afraid.” Mr. Frost said. “Please understand that it’s not a question of
if my employers will be recovering their property. It is when. Tonight,
they will return to claim what is theirs. Your only choice in this
matter is whether you give it to them willingly or not. While I am
certain that you are aware of their… capabilities… you can also see that
they’ve left you a generous reminder. Think of it as both a warning and
an olive branch. Despite your… rocky, previous encounter my employers do
not wish to harm you, or anyone in your organization. They only want
what is theirs. That specimen… she doesn’t belong out here. She belongs
back with them. Where she will be truly safe!”

​

“Your ‘employers’ have a lot of nerve claiming that they own that girl,”
I said. “And as long as I’m still alive they aren’t going to lay a
single slimey green finger on her.”

Mr. Frost chuckled.

“Girl… you think that she’s human?” He asked.

​

My heart skipped a beat, although I forced whatever questions came to
mind out of my head immediately. I had no reason to believe that this
man wouldn’t say whatever he had to in order to get what he wanted.
Anything he said to me could have been a lie.

“She’s human enough…” I said.

“My employers might just consider that a compliment,” Mr. Frost said.
“And I suppose I would too.”

​

Was he not human either…?

​

“I suppose whatever decision you make is up to you… you’ve been warned
of the consequences. But personally, I’d consider it a shame to see you
dead, Miss Vogel. You’re quite the interesting specimen yourself!”

“Get the hell off my property,” I said. “And tell your Employers that if
they come back, I’ll kill every single last one of them. I don’t care
what I have to do.”

​

Mr. Frost’s grin widened.

“As you wish,” He said before turning to leave. “It was a pleasure
meeting you, Audrey! A shame that we won’t meet again!”

​

With that, he was gone. I barely even saw him leave… I just blinked and
he disappeared. There was no light, no sound… nothing. My grip on the
gun remained firm. I could feel my pulse racing. But the oppressive
silence surrounding me told me that nothing was there.

​

Slowly, I lowered the gun and turned to go back inside the cabin, only
to see Bea watching me from the doorway. My heart sank as I saw the look
on her face, and I knew that she’d heard everything.

​

Slowly, I lowered the gun and went inside again.

​

It seemed that we had a lot to talk about and a long night ahead of us.
