For obvious reasons, including job security, I can’t tell you my real
name or what state park I work at, but what I can tell you is that the
land we’re on has seen some shit. The site itself has native history
dating all the way back to the early 13th century, a Spanish mission by
the 16th, a fort that mysteriously burned down in the 18th century, and
a milling industry that came to a screeching halt in the 1920s after
several men from the site started disappearing. The area it’s settled in
is a no-name town on the Eastern coast of the US, and its roots go back
to the 1730s. 

The point is, its old and it’s seen a lot. From massacres to burnings,
wars to local murders, blood has been spilled here more than a few times
and continues to be. There are things here in this town that don’t make
sense, and most of them seem to concentrate around my place of work.

I’d like to go ahead and say that despite that description, I love my
job. I love history and I love teaching people about it. I used to be a
teacher, and when I was younger I had hoped that profession would
fulfill that itch. Safe to say, it didn’t. I quit after three years. 
Middle schoolers suck and their parents are even worse. I was getting
angry emails every other week about teaching topics that “weren’t
appropriate” for their little Billy. I mean, God forbid I follow the
state standards and teach a 13 year old about the horrors of slavery in
the US. Meanwhile, little Billy is vaping in the bathroom during lunch
and calling the special needs kids slurs. 

Compared to all of that, working outdoors in the heat and changing air
filters is a vacation enough. I get to have conversations with people
here who are actually interested in history and I even reenact out here
for special events. It’s honestly a dream come true in that regard, but
the occasional bumps in the night sometimes leave me questioning whether
or not I have the nerve to work in this town. 

There have been small things here and there. Shapes in the corner of my
vision, noises that could be owls but have the slightest uncanny element
to them, that kind of stuff.  However, every once in a while, something
dangerous or really messed up happens, and we’re all left scratching our
heads. 

A recent tragedy in the township resulted in the loss of a good friend
of mine and has left me with a desire to record it all. He always told
me to “write a book or something”, and I guess this is the “something,”
I can muster. 

This is for you, Lenny. I hope you’re better off, wherever you are, and
safer than any of us in this quiet little town. I miss you.

It’s a big site with a lot of ground to cover and even more events, so
I’ll start off small and try and work my way up from there.
Here’s one:

When I first started, I was cleaning the blacksmith display and went
around the corner of the structure to get something. I distinctly
remember hearing the sound of a hammer striking the anvil several times.
I came back, ready to tell off the jackass teens who were more than
likely screwing around, but found no one. There wasn’t time or room to
hide before my arrival, but everything was empty nonetheless. The only
thing I found was a piece of iron, struck flat on one end, and a small
hammer resting on the anvil’s face. A hammer that I had put away in a
locked tool box moments before. A box that, by all inspection, was still
locked. I had the only key. I ended up blaming it on my heat-addled
mind, and went about my day. I double checked with my co-worker at  the
front desk of the welcome center and she firmly assured me that no one
had come into the park yet, and that none of the other rangers were
scheduled on site that day. 

Things got much weirder after that. 

My first full year in, we got a series of complaints, all stating that a
“half-naked lunatic” was running around on the hiking trails, shouting
and chasing travelers who were out alone. It happened on three separate
occasions, and each time, we called the cops. It’s not the largest
property in the world, but it’s large enough that it’s a pain in the ass
to search. Every time the cops did a sweep, nothing turned up. The last
time it happened, they took a boat up the river the site sat on, blaring
sirens and using that stupid microphone speaker to try and spook
something out of hiding along the river brush. Once again, they’d found
nothing and finally lost their patience with us. 

“Look,’ the sheriff told us, “clearly you got some pranksters out here
trying to make some spooky video or something for the ‘youtubes’.” (I
swear to God that’s how he said it.) “Unless someone ends up bleeding
or- God forbid- if you see something yourself, please refrain from
calling us.”

My boss gave them a curt response and let them head out, but he pulled
me aside not long after they left. 

“Have we had any reenactors out recently?” he asked. 

“Not that I’m aware,” I said. “Why?” 

My boss went quiet and replied with something I didn’t expect. “Read up
on your local history and start doing some regular walks down the nature
trails. Make sure your radio is on. Understood?” I nodded but I didn’t
understand a word. If he sensed my confusion, I couldn’t tell. He only
bit his lip and sighed. “Close off the paths to visitors, for the week.
Still patrol, but make sure no one else goes out there.” He tucked his
black hair into his ball cap. “I gotta call the Nation.” 

I don’t know if I was supposed to hear that part, but regardless, I knew
it was some serious shit. The “Nation” he was referring to was the
center for native affairs and tribal government. The indigenous people
of the site were the ancestors of the modern Muscogee tribe, though they
long predated them. My boss, Henry, was a member of the tribe, though
contact and collaboration was difficult. Due to that son of a bitch
Andrew Jackson, they and several other tribes had long since marched the
trail of tears and resettled in Oklahoma. We get ambassadors and native
historians from time to time who work with the site to promote and
preserve the indigenous culture of the site, but I had no idea why on
earth Henry would contact them about this. Henry wouldn’t elaborate
either, but I really didn’t want to pry.

Then came the dead gator. 

A few days after that last incident with the man in the woods, a guest
ran up to me screaming that something was wrong and I had to come
quickly. I tried to calm them down, but they were near hysterical,
saying:

“Sweet God they killed it! They killed a gator near the pond! They
killed it!”

No matter what park you’re in- at least on the state level- this is a
serious offense. A federal one, in fact, and one that could land you
behind bars for a hot minute. All animals are protected from hunting and
violence by law, so any intentional harming of a critter on state
property is prosecuted. Sometimes we get cruel teenagers trying  to
stomp a snake to death or we deal with some dumbass campers shooting at
birds overhead. Satisfyingly, eight out of ten of those cases end up
with a ride in a squad car. This case, however, ended up being much
different. 

The gator was lying belly up on the side of the hill overlooking the
pond, red blood oozing from the several cuts and slashes on its belly.
What I could only assume was a sharpened stick was speared right down
the poor things open mouth, shish-kebobing it. Its guts were spilling
out of it and there were so many cuts, I couldn’t even attempt a
definite count of the wounds. I radioed in for Henry and he called the
police, but while I waited, I noticed something in the cuts. 

For some reason, little pieces of glittering stone were littered around
the tissue in various places. They were very small, and thin, almost
like slivers of glass. I tried to examine it more, but Henry pulled me
away. We needed to wait for the cops and a DNR rep to respond before we
could do anything about the body. He told me to close off the nearby
walkway and redirect any nosy visitors. 

As I was walking away, though, I could’ve sworn I heard him say
something to himself. 

“Just like they did it…” he muttered.

I didn’t get much out of him after the fact. To this day its still one
of the most gruesome things I’ve ever seen happen to an animal. But,
like all things, the grind of work makes even serious issues distant
memories over time. 

At the end of that month, we’d thankfully gone a week and a half without
any further incident, and programming proceeded as normal. One of my
favorite parts of the job is reenacting and living history, and
thankfully, to take my mind off all the craziness, we had a small event
planned. We set up an encampment and portrayed the Spanish and French
explorers who traveled and settled through the region. I was dressed up
like a renaissance explorer and got to demonstrate how matchlock guns
fired. It was honestly a great program besides what happened after. 

We were shutting down around four that day and I was walking my gear to
my car when I saw a flash of movement in the treeline near a forking
nature path. At first I thought my eyes were messing with me, but sure
enough I was looking at the shape of a lean tall man running off into
brush. I didn’t get a good look at him, but I radioed in that someone
was still in the park and that I was investigating. Henry told me to
wait, but curiosity had already taken hold of me. So off I went,
carrying a 16th century replica gun, dressed like Shakespeare, and
chasing down this elusive figure. 

I ran for what must have been only a few minutes, but when I finally
stopped, dusk was settling in overhead. It finally dawned on me that in
my excitement, I’d not only dropped my radio, but had forgotten a decent
flashlight as well. I was alone in the growing darkness, chasing
something that was most likely an owl flying low to the ground. All of
it could be explained by tricks of the light and an overactive
imagination, yet I followed it, and now stood in a thick patch of woods
with no way to contact help. I did have my phone, so I thankfully wasn’t
completely blind, but I had no signal. 

I used my tiny phone light to help me find the nearest path and I
breathed a sigh of relief. I knew the paths all wound in a big circle,
so regardless of direction, I was going to make it back to home base
eventually, but it took only a few steps along the trail before my fear
came back to me.

You learn a lot of things being out in nature, and one of them is only
apparent when you lack it.

Nature is rarely completely silent. Even in the darkness, and even when
no one’s around. Maybe it’s different in other places, but by then I
knew my woods, and I knew the sounds of my park. Crickets, owls,
rustling leaves, twigs snapping, cicadas droning… I heard none of them. 

It was like the woods were filled with something else, as if it were
holding its breath, waiting patiently to exhale. It felt like something
new was with me, and I couldn’t see it. Something felt like it was
supposed to happen, but I had no idea what. Then, without prompting, my
brain started to count as my whole body trembled.

One-one thousand…. Two-one thousand…. Three-one thousand….

Then it came.

Like a crack of thunder so loud it rings your ears, I was engulfed by
the sound of high pitched whooping and screaming. Several voices,
hundreds of them, echoed all around me and shook my whole body numb. I
don’t think I’ve ever felt panic like that before, and I haven’t since.
It was, without argument, the scaredest I’ve ever been.

All of the voices rose and rose like a million shrieking furies,
undulating, angry, and vengeful. I hadn’t made it but two steps forward
before a strong sharp pain struck my shoulder and sent me tumbling to
the ground. My back hit the packed dirt of the trail and forced out any
remaining air in my body. I was helpless. I pissed myself from the fear
and pain, but realized the other wet feeling surrounding my body was
blood. I still had my phone light and could barely raise it to my
shoulder, but I saw clearly enough. A large deep gash cut through my
clothes and flesh, gushing blood as easy as a water fountain. I closed
my eyes and tried to pray but my mouth couldn’t stop chattering. All I
could do was close my eyes as the noises grew louder. In the blurring
vision of the ever growing night, I swear I saw someone standing before
me, fuzzy and almost one with the darkness, but they too left me. I
blacked out, terrified those cries would follow me into my dreams.

I woke up in the hospital with Henry sitting next to my bed. He was
dressed in plain clothes and stood up as soon as my eyes opened. I asked
him what happened. 

“We found you out on one of the trails, along with your walkie. Don’t
worry we grabbed your phone too. It’s  dead, but I’ve got it on a
charger-” 

I told him that wasn’t what I meant, and his demeanor changed. He gave
me a look like a disappointed dad who just caught his son sneaking home
late, but it quickly changed to guilt and pity. “When we found you,
after I told you not to go into the fucking woods, you were in bad
shape. You were bleeding from some wound in your shoulder but we
couldn’t tell at the time what was causing it. That is until we got you
here and the doc pulled this out of you…”

He took a plastic bag from his pocket  and dangled it in front of me. In
it was a stone arrowhead, but not one of those traditional flint ones.
This one gleamed like frosted glass and had a chip where the point
should be. 

“Don’t worry,” Henry told me, “they got the other piece out, but I need
that for something…” He shook his head. “Nevermind. The point is, this
is yours now.”

“What?” I thought he was joking but he explained to me that the hospital
was concerned it was some native artifact and didn’t want any hot press
about destroying one, even in a surgery. People in the area were kind of
nutty about that, but I still couldn’t believe it.

“It’s quartz,” he told me. “There’s not a ton of flint around here, so
the early natives used quartz, though it’s a tad too soft to be as
useful.” He tossed the bag on my lap and shoved his hands in his jacket
pocket. “Oddly, there wasn’t a shaft attached to it. Doc said you
must’ve fallen pretty hard for it to get lodged so deep. You’re lucky it
was only a fleshwound.” He gave me a stern look and  emphasized. “Are
you feeling any better since the fall?” 

He said that word with such a punch that I understood his meaning
clearly. I nodded my head and he gave a small smile. He told me he’d see
me at work when I was feeling better, and that I wouldn’t be doing any
heavy lifting for a while. He was about to leave when I blurted out:

“Did… did you hear them too? When you… you found me?

His eyes went grave, as if I’d resurrected a forgotten terror, but he
blinked it away. 

“No, I didn’t,” he said, pointing at me, “and neither did you.” 

He left and I was discharged from the hospital the next day. Besides
managing the shock and stitching up the giant cut in my shoulder, there
wasn’t much else to do for me. I told my shrink about the incident and
he told me to up the dose for a bit on my anxiety meds. I was out for a
full week from work before returning, and I used most of that time to
relax and focus on hobbies. I sewed, played video games, and even found
the energy to mow my lawn, but on the Sunday before I went back, I was
cleaning the house and found a book I’d misplaced. It was the guidebook
they’d given me when I started work. It laid out the full history of the
site and, although I was supposed to read it back when I first started,
I figured that a year later was better than never. 

I thought I knew most everything I needed to know about the site, but
the book surprised me. It had several facts and dates I didn’t know, and
it held my attention better than I expected. I was on my couch with it
for an hour or two when I read a timeline entry that made me stop cold. 

The date I’d injured myself was in it. No exaggeration, the same day and
month over four hundred years ago was in the book. I almost wrote it off
as some crazy coincidence, but then my eyes fell on the description.

1597- Native uprising against the Spanish.

I stopped reading after that. 

I came back to work to discover Henry and a friend of his from the
Muscogee Nation had gone on a hike down the same trail I was found on,
and that no other incidents of the man or butchered reptiles had
occurred. It’s stayed that way, but they aren’t the only weird thing out
here. 

This town has a deep history, covered in blood. Assuming nobody from
management discovers I’m typing this, I’ll update with more stories from
the site, both my own and my colleagues. 

Wish me luck out here, and remember to stay safe in the woods. I wear
that arrowhead as a necklace now, just as a reminder.
