I’m an ED nurse in a small, rural city in the midwest. On an average
night we’ll get a few cooking injuries, a guy who ‘slipped’ and got
something stuck where the sun don’t shine (I’ve got plenty of bizarre
stories about that to tell you), and a crash victim or two. As gory as
that last one sounds, it’s most often just a case of whiplash or someone
in need of a few stitches after getting cut on broken glass. 

We do get overdoses too, but that’s a given in the rust belt. It doesn’t
make it any less sad, seeing them come in night-after-night. But you get
used to it. Learn how to deal with watching people struggle. Knowing
nothing you say will help them unless they’re ready to make a change in
their life. Most often they aren’t.

Other times, they make it hard to feel bad for them. A few years ago I
was working third shift on a slow night when EMTs arrived with an
overdose. When they called it in it sounded pretty routine, which is why
it’s safe to say I wasn’t prepared to be met with the patient strapped
to the stretcher, covered in blood. Apparently he was in and out of
consciousness, and from what the EMTs could make out from his ramblings,
very aggressive. The EMTs couldn’t find the source of the blood, so that
became our first priority. I was searching around the patient’s body
looking for a cut or a scrape, but I couldn’t find any. To make sure my
exhaustion wasn’t just making me oblivious, I even made another nurse
help me look. 

As we were searching, the patient began to wake up, and he immediately
launched into an aggressive tirade. Through slurred speech, he began
berating us and demanding to be let go. Then he started threatening us,
telling us he was going to kill us for ruining his high, how he was
going to stab me when my back was turned, and a lot of other pretty
messed up shit about me and the other nurse, a dainty thing who caught
the brunt of his graphic speech. 

Now, we can’t find a source of bleeding and we have a patient
threatening our safety, so it’s pretty obvious that I became uneasy. We
had to stop a passing tech and have them ring hospital security.

After another round of trying to find an open wound on an openly hostile
individual, and after cutting off what was left of his clothes just to
find he was perfectly unharmed from a wound standpoint, we determined
that this wasn’t his blood. He didn’t seem to be injured at all. Then it
became a waiting game. Security had to phone the cops, and we had to
keep an eye on a hostile patient to make sure he doesn’t die, while also
hoping he doesn’t somehow break loose of his restraints and make good on
his threats before his police detail arrives. I know what you’re gonna
say, “why didn’t you sedate him”, right? Well, although we could have
administered ativan, benzos don’t mix well with opioids. There’s a line
you’ve got to toe around there, you can chemically restrain the patient
when it becomes necessary, but you also risk sending them into
respiratory distress. This guy was already in-and-out of consciousness,
and he was already physically restrained, so the risks seemed to
outweigh the potential benefit. 

So, I had to sit by this guy’s side for fifteen minutes while he
struggled to get out of his restraints and threatened me with all the
ways he was going to harm me. I know people who are doped up can be
scary, but something about him was worse. The blood, which wasn’t his,
covering him head-to-toe. The cold look in his eyes, which were staring
daggers into me. The explicit details in his threats. It was the worst
OD I’d ever had the misfortune of dealing with. 

I was relieved when the police finally showed up. He wound up being
taken into custody upon discharge in the morning, and that was all I’d
heard of him. That was, until about a week later. It headed the local
news for a month, in between stories about kids raising money for a
local shelter and stories of gang activity in the area.

The patient admitted to murdering his girlfriend and one of their close
friends. He found text messages between the two that evidenced an
affair, and spent a month plotting revenge on them. That night, while
the three of them were hanging out and shooting up, he killed them in
cold blood. He subsequently went home and tried to take his own life by
overdosing on an exorbitant amount of heroin. One of his neighbors saw
him walk into his house drenched in blood, apparently dazed and
stumbling, and called for an ambulance. He was charged with two counts
of first-degree murder, along with some drug charges.

I want to make it clear that drug users are people. The only difference
from you and I is that they fell on hard times and turned to drugs as a
form of self medicating. Rarely are they ever actually violent, even if
they’re aggressive after the Narcan’s thrown them straight into
withdrawal. This man, however, was an exception.

…

Druggies aren’t the only edge cases we get, though, and seemingly
edge-cases have been popping in more-and-more frequently as of late.

The next story I’m about to tell you may seem a little hard to believe.
Trust me, I still have a hard time wrapping my head around it almost two
years later. 

The ‘clairvoyant,’ as I’ve come to dub her, was rushed into the ED
following a crash on I-74. From the start, she didn’t appear to be A&O,
and I can’t say I didn’t understand why. She had a massive gash, about
three-to-four centimeters long, running along the left side of her
forehead. On top of that, her left leg was almost mutilated. Apparently,
according to one of the EMTs that brought her in, they had to cut the
driver-side door open to extricate her. It’s a miracle she hadn’t bled
out in the meantime. She was driving at high speed during a particularly
bad storm, when all the sudden she hydroplaned and lost control of her
vehicle. Her car fishtailed to the right, leaving the drivers side wide
open to being t-boned by the car behind her.

Now the ‘clairvoyancy’ comes into play a while later. She’d come out of
emergency surgery, in which she’d lost her left leg from the knee down,
and she was stabilizing in the ED while we were waiting for an ICU bed.
She still wasn’t completely aware, and while she could talk, she
couldn’t tell you what day of the week it was or who’d won the
presidential election only a month prior. Most of that was probably due
to the effects of the pain meds she was on, though we had orders for
frequent neuro checks due to her head injury. About an hour after her
surgery, I went into her room for another neuro check. Through her drug
induced drowsiness, she began to mumble something. I paused what I was
doing to focus on her words.

“I met God today. He wanted me to pass on a message. Don’t worry about
Jamie. He didn’t feel a thing. He’s waiting for you up there, and he
can’t wait to see you again soon. And check the bottom drawer.”

I was immediately taken aback. Jamie was my boyfriend. ‘Was’ meaning I’d
lost him only a few weeks earlier when he, himself, had been killed in a
hit-and-run on his motorcycle. Now, I’m no stranger to death. Working in
the ED will get the two of you well acquainted, so I’d been able to put
on a face for work, but I was still deep in the throes of mourning.
Jamie and I had been together since high school. We’d lived together
since his nineteenth birthday, after his parents kicked him out for
being gay. He’d been my rock during the hardest exams during my BSN.
But, more importantly, how could this woman possibly know about him?
What did she mean by him ‘seeing me soon’? The whole situation creeped
me out so much I made the charge nurse reassign her.

Now, I never was very religious, but I’ve started to turn that way in
recent weeks. And of course, the seemingly off-handed comment the
clairvoyant woman made nearly two years ago makes sense now. I don’t
know how she knew I’d die soon. Nearly two years ago, long before I’d
discovered my sickness, she’d seemingly predicted it. To make a long
story short, after dealing with some persistent abdominal discomfort
last month, I was diagnosed with colon cancer with mets nearly
everywhere in my body. My five-year survival odds aren’t looking great.
Part of me wants to tell these stories for that reason.

On a lighter note, I still have no clue what she meant by “check the
bottom drawer”, so maybe she was just two sheets to the wind, but I
still feel something impossible happened that night.

…

Now, if you didn’t believe the last story, you certainly won’t believe
this one. Some of the strange visitors we get are not patients. They
aren’t the family of the patients either. And no, they aren’t the
hospital staff. They’re… something else. Now, I know I said I was never
really religious until recently, but I’ve had far too many strange
experiences in my time here to not believe there are things out there
that we simply cannot explain. On another late-night, when the ICU was
short-staffed, I worked a float shift there. The ICU is the third worst
place you can be as a patient in a hospital, the only places worse being
hospice and the morgue. A lot of people in the ICU die. Even more live,
but the ICU is no stranger to death regardless.

I’m doing my rounds, sometime around two to three in the morning,
checking patient’s vitals, making sure IVs don’t need replacing, making
sure foley bags aren’t full. I’m about halfway done with my patients,
out in the hallway walking from one to the next, when I get a chill down
my spine and the sudden feeling that I’m being watched. Then, I’m about
to enter my next patient’s room when I see the outline of someone
standing in the dark in the room next door. I can barely make out the
figure through the window on the door, but it looks like they’re just
standing, watching over the patient in bed. Now, I have to do something
because visiting hours have long since ended and this person’s behavior
is concerning. Honestly, if it had been someone sleeping on one of the
chairs, I would’ve thought nothing of it. I would’ve thought it was a
family member who was staying the night with their loved one and moved
on, ignoring the visiting hours. But they just stood there, motionless
at the foot of the bed. 

The figure disappeared when I swung open the door. I took a moment to
look around the room, nothing seemed out of place. No one seemed to be
there. The patient was fast asleep, and their vitals seemed normal, so I
moved on to the next of my patients. 

The patient, an elderly man fighting an infection that resulted from a
fracture, was asleep as well. I counted his respirations, took note of
his BP & heart rate, and moved to replace his foley bag. I guess I made
a bit too much sound, as the patient woke up.

“Back so soon,” he said, which I’d initially brushed off, as he probably
thought he’d only slept a few minutes between me checking on him. “Where
did that other nurse go?”

“Oh, your other nurse left for the night around seven, remember? I’ll be
your nurse till shift change in the morning.”

“No, there was a young lady in here just a few moments ago. She was
standing at the foot of my bed. I asked her what she was doing and she
said she was checking my breathing.” I winced. It seemed a bit too
coincidental.

“Huh. They must’ve accidentally assigned the both of us to check on you.
Don’t worry, that just means you’ll have two people checking in on you
instead of one. Did she do anything else?”

“Oh, I don’t know. She was very careful not to disturb me. She did say
she was watching over me, too.”

“Okay, well, I’ll try not to disturb you for the rest of the night
either. Try to get some sleep, it should help you heal a bit faster.”

I said some polite goodbyes and I was on my way to finish my rounds, but
not before stopping at a computer to check in on my patients charts. I
was the only one who had been charting for them that night, no one else
had entered any data. Whoever that lady was, I don’t think she was
counting respiratory rates. 

During my next set of rounds, I saw them clearing out that room next
door, the one where I saw the figure standing at the foot of the bed.
The patient had passed peacefully in their sleep. I don’t know who that
lady was, whether she was a guardian angel, there to guide souls to the
next life, or something more malignant. But I’m pretty sure she was
involved.

…

Sometimes horrors are just the opposite of unexplainable. Sometimes
they’re so far within our comprehension, it aggravates us when they
happen. I can recall one of these horrors happening a year or so ago. 

A teenage girl presented with abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, and
seizures. She was A&O x0 on arrival. Her mother clung by her side, a
total mess, and not far behind them was her father, who looked angry. He
seemed generally pissed off that he had to be there, as if his
daughter’s life wasn’t in danger. 

While the rest of the team worked to stabilize her, I was working with
the triage nurse to try and console the mother enough to get more
information so we could get a better idea of what we were dealing with.
We tried speaking with the dad, but he was rather terse. It didn’t seem
like he was really bothered with saving his daughter’s life at all. When
did the symptoms start? “I don’t know”. What was she doing when the
symptoms started? “I don’t know”. Has she taken anything? “I don’t
know”. We pretty much had to look this man straight in his eyes and tell
him that she could die if we didn’t figure out what was going on. That’s
when he finally decided to give us something to work with. “She
swallowed a bottle of ibuprofen, I guess”. We asked if he had any clue
how many pills she had swallowed, even if just an estimate. He rolled
his eyes then looked to his wife, as if he was incapable of answering
anything himself. 

We asked the father to leave and finally got the mother calm enough to
answer some questions. Their daughter had swallowed a fistful of pills,
most of the bottle was still there, but she had likely swallowed at
least a few grams. We tried to get a better grasp on what might’ve
caused the situation so we’d have some information to write down in the
psych consult. From what it sounded like, the father was abusive. They’d
gotten into a fight, he’d slapped her, she’d said she’d be better off
dead than living under his roof, and he told her ‘maybe she would’. 

After they leave the ED, you don’t really get an update on your patients
unless you start asking around. From what I’d heard, the girl had made a
recovery. I assume DCFS would’ve gotten involved, which would be for the
best. Some people do not deserve to be parents.

…

I figure I’ll end off on a lighter note. Not everything strange is bad,
right?

A couple months back, we’d had a guy presenting with a broken femur and
a few broken ribs. He’d been out on a hike, and I guess it had been
raining the past few days and the ground had been slick with mud,
anyways he slips in some mud and winds up falling down a pretty steep
hill.

Now, I’m not supposed to say this about my patients, but he was a pretty
conventionally attractive guy. Mid 20’s, around my age, clean cut, and
seemingly a bit dumb. He’s like if they instilled the essence of a
marine into some civilian out in the-middle-of-nowhere, USA. 

Now, everything’s going fine, he’s completely alert and oriented, his
breathing seems fine so it doesn’t appear any of his broken ribs
punctured a lung, but he’s being taken back for an x-ray just to make
sure. In the meantime, a girl shows up to visit him. Right, seems fine,
she’s probably his girlfriend coming in to check up on him after telling
him not to go for a hike in the mud, as that was stupid. A few guys show
up, a couple in full hiking getup, probably his friends, right? But then
another girl shows up. And another, and another. It gets to the point
that the desk attendant has to actually start asking how they know the
patient, and these girls keep saying they’re his girlfriend. Now, this
gossip does not stop from spreading around the entire department. We’re
all wondering what’s gonna happen when he comes back from his x-ray to
see all the girls he’s been having relationships with have discovered
each other, and I’ve got a front row seat to the show. 

When I tell you, what happened next had me floored. I wheeled his bed
back to his room, and through the window it seems all these girls are
getting along just fine. I wheel him in, and they all start fawning over
him and his injuries like he’s a baby deer, just the cutest thing
they’ve ever seen. That’s when I pause to ask what exactly everyone is
doing here, as there’s about ten people in his room now, seven women and
three men, not including the patient and myself. Well, it turns out all
his girlfriends know about each other. And so do his boyfriends. Dear
reader, all of them belonged to one massive ‘polycule’. And I can’t say
a part of me wasn’t disappointed that I didn’t get to see some Jersey
Shore drama unfold, but another part of me almost thinks this was the
better outcome.

…

I work in the ED, we get some strange visitors. I hope these stories
horrified you, made you curious, and made you laugh. Maybe, if there’s
demand, I’ll post some more. I did say I have plenty of stories about
people “falling” and winding up with things stuck where the sun don’t
shine. And I have some others, too.
