The way I see it, if you don’t notice that I exist, then I’m doing my
job correctly.

​

My name is Ben McFarlane and I work as a municipal sewer inspector in
the town of Tevam Sound, Ontario. It’s not the most glamorous job, but
hey, somebody’s got to do it and it puts food on the table.

​

You’d probably think that working as a sewer inspector isn’t that
exciting… and yeah, for the most part you’d be right. Most of the time,
all I’m doing is checking the pipes for damage. Unless there’s a reason
for me to investigate a certain area, most of what I do is routine
inspection, which helps ensure that the sewers remain in good working
order. Trust me, nobody wants to see what happens when they aren’t.

​

Thankfully, a lot of what I do can be done without me needing to crawl
through pipes. I can use a small camera to help me do the inspection.
But with some of the larger pipes and cisterns, I need to actually go
inside and take a look.

​

It’s never the best part of my day, but like I said before: somebody’s
got to do it.

​

Going down into the bigger tunnels is always a little unnerving. Part of
it is the claustrophobic atmosphere and part of it is the knowledge that
you’re basically standing in a river of literal human waste. I can deal
with it now, but back when I first started the smell alone was darn near
impossible to deal with.

​

Ask most sanitation workers and I’m sure they’ll have stories about what
they’ve found in the sewers before. Heck, most of it isn’t even stuff
that people flush down the toilet. It’s the stuff that people drop down
manhole covers, or the stuff that gets washed into the sewers by the
rain. Dead animals are surprisingly common, as are kids toys. I found an
entire bicycle in the sewer once and I’ve got a buddy who found a loaded
gun down there! Someone probably thought they’d get rid of it by just
tossing it in the sewer.

​

Someone was wrong.

​

But of all the strange things I’ve experienced during my time working in
the sewers… none of it compares to the stuff I see in the pipes on the
southeast side of town.

​

The things down there… I don’t usually like to talk about them. Heck, I
might not even be legally allowed to talk about them. I guess we’ll find
out, won’t we? I’ve had a few drinks tonight and I’m feeling
particularly chatty. So why not spill the beans? Hey, maybe someone out
there will tell me something I don’t already know.

​

I’d been on the job for about a year or so before getting sent to the
southeast side of town. It’s closer to the lake and the downtown area,
so there’s some deeper pipes there. I’d always figured that that was the
reason they only really ever sent certain people down there. I’d heard
that those tunnels were old and a little labyrinthian. Anyone who didn’t
know what they were doing could easily get lost.

​

But after we got hit with a particularly nasty rain storm back in summer
of 2013, they needed to send someone down to check on some sensors and I
just so happened to be one of the guys who was available.

​

A bad rain storm can push a sewer system to its limit, so it wasn’t
really that surprising that we’d gotten that kind of call and at the
time, I didn’t think that there was anything that strange about it. My
supervisor told me to head on down toward the pumphouse on the southwest
side of town like it was any other priority inspection, and I went along
with no questions asked. It was a few streets away from downtown. I’d
seen it before but never had a reason to go inside up until then.

​

I was working with a couple of other newbies at the time, a guy by the
name of Stewart Long who’d only been on the job for a round three months
or so, and another guy by the name of Tomas Opunui who’d started around
the same time that I had.

​

We’d arrived at the pumphouse, and when we got there we noticed another
team waiting on us. This wasn’t too shocking either. Depending on the
size of the job, they might’ve sent some other guys in to help us handle
it.

​

The guy in charge was an older man who looked to be pushing sixty. He
had sort of a ‘Santa Claus on summer vacation’ look, with white hair, a
short white beard, a big beer belly and a no nonsense expression.

​

He watched us get out of his truck with a look of stern disapproval,
before huffing and trudging over to us.

“Where’s the usual fellas?” He asked.

“I dunno, out. They called us,” I replied.

​

He didn’t seem to like that answer but didn’t say anything in response
to it.

“You ever worked on the southeast approach channel before?” He asked.

“Yeah, we’ve been in the ones on the north side of town,” I said.

“That’s not what I asked, kid. You ever worked in this one before?”

​

Something about the way he asked this question struck me as a little
odd. I’d worked in an approach channel before. I knew the drill. What
did it matter which one I’d worked in?

​

For the unenlightened, an approach channel is a cistern filled with
wastewater. They feed into a deep tunnel which feeds into a water
treatment plant and they’re considered to be fairly dangerous, due to
their depth (if you fall off the ladder on your way down, you’re in for
a long drop into a biohazardous lake unless you’re properly tethered)
and the harmful gasses that can accumulate in them. Standard operating
procedure is to always test the air before entering one just to make
sure that it’s even safe to breathe down there.

​

Being reckless while going into an approach channel is a recipe for
disaster, and I would have understood if the old man was concerned about
us not having dealt with one before. But the way he spoke to us implied
that this one was different somehow, which didn’t make a whole heck of a
lot of sense to me.

“What’s the difference?” I asked. “Same procedure, right?”

“No, not the same procedure. We need people experienced with this
approach channel. These tunnels are a little different than what you’re
used to.

“Look, the boss sent us here. So I’m sure we’ll manage,” Tomas said.
“You can show us what we need to know.”

​

The Old Man didn’t respond to him. He just shook his head and turned
away.

“I’m gonna call this in and clear it with the boss first. You three,
don’t move until I get back.”

I traded a look with both Tomas and Long as the Old Man trudged away. He
said something to the two guys who were with him, before getting back
into his truck to make a call.

​

Part of me was obliged to try and just get to work. But looking at the
other two guys that the Old Man had with him, I had a feeling that
they’d try to stop me. One of them, another older guy with a receding
hairline and a bushy moustache was watching us like a hawk.

​

So we waited.

​

After a few minutes, the Old Man got out of his truck again, said
something to his buddy with the mustache and trudged back over to us.

“Bad news, fellas. Looks like our usual company’s retired… guess you’re
the replacement.”

“So we can get to work?” I asked.

“Yeah. We can get to work,” The Old Man said. “Come on, let’s get
going.”

​

With that, he turned and led us into the pumphouse.

“Suppose I might as well introduce myself. Names Troy. My colleagues
here are Craig and Peter.”

He gestured to the two men who were with him, Mr. Moustache (who I
assumed was Craig) and the other guy, who looked to be in his mid
thirties and had sunken eyes, as if he hadn’t slept in a few days. The
one who I assumed was Craig just gave us a nod, while the guy I figured
was Peter gave a lazy half wave before they followed us into the
pumphouse.

“So if you don’t mind my asking, what’s so special about this channel?”
I asked.

“I guess you’ll be seeing for yourself soon enough,” Troy replied as he
started down a set of stairs. “The guys you’re replacing… well, guy… a
fella named Tom… he always had a set of rules for working down here. He
passed ’em on to me and Craig when we started. We’ve passed ’em on to
Peter. Guess it’s time we passed ’em on to you too.”

​

“Rules?” I asked, “What kind of rules?”

“The kind you listen very, very closely to, kid.”Troy looked back at me,
before his eyes shifted to Tomas and Long behind me.

“Very, very closely.”

He descended the rest of the way down the stairs, where there was a
hatch in the concrete floor beneath us, along with a large locker on the
far side of the room.

​

“Rule number one,” Troy began. “You don’t enter this part of the sewers
alone. You stay in a group of at least three to four at all times. No
more, no less. Too many and it slows you down. Too few, and you might
not come back at all.”

He trailed off, watching as Craig cracked open the hatch to test the air
inside.

​

“Rule number two: You do not enter this part of the sewers without a gun
and a radio.”

He opened the locker on the far side of the room and I was taken aback
to see a collection of several handguns inside, along with boxes of
ammunition and one shotgun in amongst the usual PPE.

Troy clipped one of the guns to his belt, along with one of the radios,
before handing a pair off to Peter and looking over at us.

​

“Who’s taking it?” He asked.

“Whoa, just hold up for a minute!” Long interjected, “What the hell is
down there?”

“Honestly, I don’t know,” Troy replied. “Hate to say it but it ain’t our
job to know. I leave that to someone else. Our job is to follow the
rules. You follow them, and you’ll be fine.”

Long seemed skeptical, but I looked at the gun in Troy’s hand and took
it. I wasn’t sure if he was having a laugh with us or not, but I was
there to do a job and I intended to do it.

​

Troy gave me a quiet nod, before thrusting the second gun over to Long.
He didn’t seem to happy to get it.

“Are we gonna have to use these?” He asked.

“Not if you do as I say, you won’t. Rule 3: If you see a pipe or a
tunnel with heavy spiderwebs, don’t go down it. Doesn’t matter if that’s
where the sensor is. You make a note of it, report it to your supervisor
and leave it alone.”

​

Spiderwebs? What the hell was he talking about?

“Rule 4: If you find a body… and odds are, you will find a body, don’t
touch it. Don’t try to move it. Hell, don’t even get close to it. And
don’t waste the supervisors time reporting it. Only time the bodies get
reported is when they’re human.”

“I’m sorry, you’ve been finding human bodies down there?” I asked.

“Rarely,” He replied. “But it’s been known to happen. And if we do find
one… the same rules apply. Don’t approach it. Don’t touch it. Stay as
far away as possible.”

​

I could see some of the color draining from Long’s face.

“Rule 5: If you see anyone else down there, you are not to interact with
them. You do not follow them if they try to lead you somewhere, if they
ask you for help, you do not help them. I don’t care if they’re crying
and begging. You leave them alone. You report it to your supervisor.”

“There are people down there?” I asked.

“Normally, no. Far as I know, Tom only ever ran into a couple during his
career. I’ve only ever seen one. Like I said, best to leave them alone.”

​

“Why?” I asked, “If there’s someone stuck down there, we have an
obligation to help them!”

“That would be very ill advised,” Troy said. “You don’t want to anger
the things that are down there… which leads me to rule 6: Avoid killing
anything you come across down there. They’re not yours to kill. And if
you have absolutely no choice, if you have to break that rule for the
sake of self defense, then we leave immediately. That’s rule number 7.”

​

“Air’s safe down there,” Craig said, interrupting our conversation.

“Good. Let’s get suited up, then. Oh… and rule 8. Final rule. If
anything happens to any member of our team, we leave immediately. We
don’t go after them. We don’t try to help them. We leave immediately. Is
that clear? I don’t care if it’s me, begging you for help. You leave me
behind.”

​

Long and I remained silent, neither of us entirely sure how to react to
this or even what to say. Troy had made it sound as if we were about to
descend into a level of hell. I couldn’t imagine what the hell could
possibly be down there to elicit a list of rules like that, and I wasn’t
entirely sure I wanted to find out either!

“Well? You fellas getting ready or not?” Troy asked impatiently as he
put on his PPE. “The quicker we get down there, the quicker we can get
out again!”

​

“If this is so dangerous, why are they sending us?” Long asked,
“Shouldn’t they be sending… I dunno, the cops or something?”

“They tolerate us being down there, so long as we don’t disturb them.
They wouldn’t be so forgiving toward the local police,” Troy replied.
“Listen, kid. Obey the rules and you’ll be fine, got that? We’ve been
doing this for years without any problems. You keep your head on your
shoulders, you do what we say and you go home safe. Alright?”

​

Long still didn’t seem convinced, but I did. By this point, I was
morbidly curious about exactly what was down there… and Troy’s assurance
that they’d come out unscathed before did set me at ease a little bit.
These rules sounded kinda scary, but what could realistically go wrong?
With Troy keeping us in line, everything would probably be fine and
besides, I still wasn’t convinced that this wasn’t all some sort of
elaborate prank the old man was pulling. I grabbed myself a set of PPE
and got ready and after a moments hesitation, Long did the same.

​

When we were ready, Craig opened up the hatch in the floor, and Tomas
helped get us tethered so that we wouldn’t plummet down into the waters
below if we slipped on the ladder, then we finally began our descent.

​

Troy went first, climbing down the ladder and into the darkness below. I
went second, followed by Peter and followed by Long.

​

We climbed down into the approach channel in relative silence, only
really speaking again once we made it to the bottom of the ladder.

​

Troy helped me get untethered, before doing the same for Peter and Long
as they reached the bottom, and while he did that I got my first look at
the dreaded southeast approach channel. I can’t say that there was a
heck of a lot to see. The walls were boxy and flat, and the dirty
wastewater trickled over my boots and into the pipe sending it even
deeper through the sewer system.

​

The sensors should have been mounted on the ceiling, and I traced the
black conduit line with my flashlight as I searched for the sensor they
connected to. Peter and Long stayed back as Tomas and Craig lowered our
tools down after us, while Troy came up behind me.

“Should be quick work…” He noted, “Rain doesn’t seem to have done much
in here. Water level is still fairly low.”

​

I saw his flashlight shift upward toward the ceiling before he spotted
the sensor. He trudged through the water to get closer to it, and I
followed him.

“No external damage,” I noted. “Conduit lines look good too.”

“Yeah, we’ll run our tests and get out of here,” Troy said. “Approach
channel is usually pretty safe… usually.”

“Usually?” I asked, and Troy pointed his flashlight up toward a set of
silky spiderwebs hanging from the ceiling a few feet behind the sensor.

​

“They don’t typically come up here… but every now and then you might
find some proof of some young ones, trying to get into the pumphouse.”

I looked over at him.

“They try to break into the pumphouse?” I asked, “Did they ever get in?”

“Not that I’ve ever heard of. Can’t imagine they’d stay long if they
did. Nothing to eat in there.”

“What exactly are they?” I asked, “And don’t you tell me that’s not for
us to know. You’ve seen them, right? What do they look like?”

​

Troy had started to answer, when suddenly I heard Long screaming and
swearing up a storm. Both of us turned to look, just in time to see
something large skittering up the wall beside him. I only caught a brief
glimpse of it, but it seemed to be roughly the size of a dog with more
legs than I could count. Long stared at it with wide, horrified eyes as
he fumbled with his gun, before pulling it free.

​

I saw Troy’s eyes widen before Long fired five times. Only one or two of
the bullets actually hit the target. I heard Peter cry out in pain and
grab at his arm before falling and whatever it was that Long had
actually been shooting at collapsed into the shallow water, its pale
body twitching violently.

“What did you just do?!” Troy demanded, running over to Peter’s side.

“I-it was coming for me!” Long protested, before noticing what he’d done
to Peter. I saw his eyes widen in horror.

“Oh no… no, no, no… I didn’t…”

“Rule 6! You don’t kill anything down here! You leave them alone and
they leave you alone!” Troy roared, before his attention returned to
Peter. “How bad is it?”

​

“J-just a scratch, boss… I think I got hit by the ricochet,” Peter said,
as Troy inspected his wound. I’ve never seen a gunshot wound before, but
there was a lot of blood for it to just be a scratch.

“We’ll get you topside,” Troy said. “And come back down tomorrow with
someone who knows how to follow rules!”

​

He shot Long a death glare before his radio crackled to life.

“Troy, everything good down there?” Craig asked.

“No, no it isn’t. One of the newbies got jumpy, shot at a centipede.” He
huffed, “Put a hole in Peter in the process. Think you can reel him back
up?”

“Yeah, sure thing. Hook him up. Tomas and I will bring him topside.”

​

Troy quietly hooked Peter up to the line, before helping him onto the
ladder.

“You take it easy on the way up, and we’ll get that checked out,” He
promised.

“Thanks boss,” Peter said quietly.

Troy’s attention returned to Long next, as he fixed him in a death
glare.

“You, up the ladder behind him. And you…” He looked at me, his
expression softening just a little.

“Behind him. I’ll go up last.”

​

Peter started to meekly climb the ladder, although it seemed like Craig
and Tomas were doing most of the work, hoisting him up rung by rung.
Once he’d made it part of the way up, Long started to hook himself up to
climb behind him. Although before he could hook himself in, I saw him
pause for a moment, staring at Troy.

“What is it?” Troy asked, before pausing.

​

Long craned his neck a little, his hand moving down to his gun again…
and it was then that both Troy and I realized that he hadn’t been
looking at Troy. He’d been looking at what was behind him.

​

I only saw a shadow, perched on the roof of the tunnel. But that was all
that Long needed to see before he started shooting again.

“DON’T!”

But by the time Troy had gotten the word out, that trigger happy idiot
had already started shooting again and this time, the thing that came
for him didn’t drop dead.

​

Instead, it launched itself off of the ceiling of the tunnel, crashing
into the ground a few feet away from me.

“WAIT!” Troy tried to protest before the thing in front of us knocked
him aside, dashing him against the wall. Long scrambled away, retreating
deeper into the tunnel while Peter frantically tried to unholster his
gun.

“Troy? Troy, what’s going on down there?” I heard Craig calling over the
radio, “Troy? Anyone, respond!”

​

The shape in front of us turned, looking over at me and Long. Eight eyes
shone in the darkness and though I could only see the shadow of the
creature before us, I saw enough. It had a body like a spider, with
eight long chitinous legs. Only its body was much larger than any spider
I’d ever seen before.

​

Much, much larger.

​

This creature was almost the size of a small car, but it wasn’t its size
that terrified me. It was the humanoid torso coming out of the front of
it. The two arms that ended in razor sharp claws, the snarling mouth
that made noises that almost sounded human.

​

When this impossible thing looked at us, I saw real intelligence in its
eyes. It was studying us, trying to determine how much of a threat we
were…

​

Long kept his gun trained on it, hands shaking violently. I knew that he
was going to shoot again, and hoping not to anger this thing, grabbed
his arm, trying to force his gun down. He jumped the moment that I
touched him giving me a hysterical look.

“Don’t!” I snapped, “You’re just gonna piss it off!”

​

The Spider took a step toward us, hissing as it did. Long pulled away
from me.

“Stu!”

I tried calling his name, but Long had already made his choice and
sealed his fate. He’d opted to fight this thing. And so, like the fool
he was he shot at it again.

​

The Spider lunged for us.

​

I ran. Long didn’t.

​

He only had enough time to scream before it pounced on him, and then…
all I could hear were the dying screams in his throat as he was pulled
apart. I didn’t see him die. But I didn’t need to. I heard everything. I
kept running, not even thinking about where the approach channel was
going to end. And when it did end, all I could do was plummet into the
darkness.

​

See, at the end of an approach channel is what is appropriately called a
drop shaft. It’s where the water flows into a larger tunnel beneath the
city. That tunnel, flows into the water treatment plant, eventually and
the water down there… yeah… let’s just say that you don’t want to end up
in the water down there.

​

Unfortunately, that was exactly where I was going.

​

I know that every job has its struggles, but I didn’t expect to need to
choose between diving into raw sewage and fighting a giant spider
monster when I woke up that morning. However the choice was presented to
me and I did the best that I could given the circumstances.

​

Going into the wastewater was exactly an unpleasant experience as you’d
think it would be. I’m inclined not to share the details of what it was
like, simply because I genuinely do not want to remember them and I’m
still not entirely convinced that dealing with the giant angry spider
person wasn’t the better choice.

​

A small comfort was that the pain of hitting the water, combined with
the confusing sensation of being flushed through a pipe and into an even
larger pipe made the whole experience slightly less disgusting, at the
cost of being considerably more painful.

​

At the end of it, I was washed out into the main pipe and collapsed into
the water, covered in filth and gagging from the stench that had sank
into my every pore. I felt disoriented and confused. I tried to stand,
only to collapse back into the wastewater, before aimlessly looking
around, hoping that maybe I could figure out what direction to go in. It
was too dark to see much of anything and I’d lost my flashlight during
my trip through the wastewater, so I was left to just wander aimlessly,
following what I thought was the flow of the water as my eyes slowly
started to acclimate to the darkness.

​

I could feel shapes in the water. Some of them I almost tripped over and
I could smell rotting meat on top of the stink of human waste. In the
darkness, I could make out shapes in the water and hear the buzzing of
bugs around me. I could even feel a few whizz past my head and
mindlessly swatted at them.

​

Old bones crunched under my boots, and I quietly thanked whatever God
was listening that I couldn’t see what they’d belonged to. I wanted to
assume they were animal bones… but who knew, right? I couldn’t shake the
mental image of myself unknowingly stepping over the mauled corpse of
Stewart Long… although that was more from the trauma of having recently
witnessed a man die than any guilt over what had happened to him. Long
had quite literally gotten himself killed. Although I was terrified that
I’d be joining him at any second.

​

I kept listening in, half expecting to hear spider legs creeping up
behind me. But it was impossible to tell if I was alone or not in that
darkness and with the bugs buzzing past me. If there were anything after
me, I truly would not know it until after it had pounced.

​

Still, I knew I couldn’t afford to let the fear get the better of me. So
I just kept walking, hoping that maybe if I did, I’d somehow find myself
at the water treatment plant and maybe then I’d get some help.

​

Maybe.

​

As I pressed on, I noticed a light ahead of me and picked up the pace,
hoping to God that I’d finally found my way out of this mess. But as I
drew closer, I became very aware that whatever the source of that light
was, it was not from the water treatment plant.

​

In fact, I wasn’t entirely sure what it was. My first thought was that
it was a fatberg (which is a solid mass of waste matter formed by an
unholy mixture of wet wipes, grease, oil and every other piece of
garbage people tend to flush down their toilets) but the longer I
looked, the less certain I was about that.

​

Fatbergs usually didn’t have lamps embedded in them.

​

Fatbergs usually didn’t have thick spiderwebs clinging to them.

​

Fatbergs didn’t usually lead into a separate tunnel into the earth large
enough for me to walk through.

​

And finally, fatbergs didn’t usually have dead deer protruding from
them. Let alone dead deer with other bugs living in them. God… the sight
of those corpses… the way the bugs crawled through the rotting flesh and
exposed bone. The empty, hollow eyes… it was almost too horrible to look
at.

​

And I swore that I could see things inside the corpses! Honeycombs of
some sort, and the bugs who crawled around them looked almost like bees.

​

Was… was something cultivating some kind of bee in these things?

​

I thought back to Troy’s rules.

“Rule 4: If you find a body… and odds are, you will find a body, don’t
touch it. Don’t try to move it. Hell, don’t even get close to it. And
don’t waste the supervisor’s time reporting it. Only time the bodies get
reported is when they’re human.”

​

Suddenly, they made a little more sense. If those spider things were
cultivating something in these bodies… of course we shouldn’t touch
them. And if they were cultivating their food in the sewer… I paused,
before staring down the tunnel that the corpses sat near the entrance
of.

​

Dull lamps illuminated it as it wound down into the earth, and I could
see several pale centipede things that looked a lot like the creature
that Long had shot to get us into this mess in the first place. These
things must have belonged to the Spiders too, although whether they were
some sort of guard dog or another thing they were farming was hard to
say.

​

I took a step away from the tunnel, before looking back to make sure
that I was well enough alone and trudging onward. And that was when I
heard the slow rustle of movement.

​

I paused, feeling a chill run through me as the imminent reality of my
own death dawned on me.

​

Slowly I turned, just in time to see a dark shape descending from the
ceiling. A fresh set of eyes settled on me, narrowing as they studied
me.

​

I put my hands up, hoping that it might understand the gesture of
surrender and slowly it drew closer to me. I wasn’t sure if it was
curious, or looking to murder me and at that point, I don’t think it
really mattered. I wish I could say that I faced my death with dignity,
but I’m going to be honest, I didn’t. I sat there, quivering and praying
to whatever God would listen that it wouldn’t, kill me.

​

And then… I heard a voice.

“Leave that one! He’s with me!”

​

Troy?

​

I saw a figure emerge from the tunnel in the wall, and against all
logic, somehow it was Troy! He had a hell of a goose egg on his head
from where he’d been hit earlier, but he was alive! He stepped between
me and the spider person, arms outstretched.

​

“With me.” He repeated firmly.

The Spider stared down at him, before huffing and turning away. I
watched as they disappeared down the nearby tunnel, and Troy watched
them go, before quietly turning to me.

​

“Good lord, boy… I’m shocked to see you’re still alive!”

“W-what just happened?” Was the only thing I could stammer. “You can
talk to them?!”

“Some of ’em. I’ve been down here for long enough that they know me.
Know I’m not a threat. But they ain’t too happy with us right now. So
what you’re gonna do here is get up, follow me, and I’m gonna get you
out of here.”

“How do you know they’re even gonna let us leave?” I asked.

​

Troy’s expression soured.

“Had to pay ’em off…” He admitted, “Let them keep what was left of your
friend. They considered it a fair trade, so long as we leave. Now, let’s
go.”

I didn’t ask any more questions.

​

***

​

After I made it out of the sewers that day, I ended up in the hospital
alongside Peter. I had some minor cuts and bruises, a burning rash over
most of my body from all the sewage I’d been crawling around in… but I
was still alive, and I figured that had to count for something.

​

Nobody said a word about what happened to Stewart Long down in the
sewer. He got written off as a workplace accident and they never even
tried to recover his body. I suspect what’s left of him is still down in
the sewers, even now… feeding whatever it is that those things down
there are cultivating, although I’ve never seen the body myself.

​

Yes… I have been back down beneath the southeast side of town. The next
time they needed someone to go, they sent me and Tomas along with Troy,
Craig and Peter. We know what’s down there and we know how to deal with
them, after all. My second visit to those sewers was a lot less
eventful, and most of my subsequent visits haven’t been all that
eventful either.

​

Over the years, I’ve gotten better at dealing with the Spiders… they’re
not the most friendly folk and I know all too well that if you cross
them, they’ll rip your guts out before you even realize that you’re
dead. But so long as you follow the rules and leave them alone, they’re
content to live and let live. They can even be reasonable, to an extent.
We’ve had a few small incidents over the years, but nothing like the one
that Long caused.

​

Odds are, when Troy and Craig retire next year, Tomas and I will be
training the next group on what to do when you’re down beneath the
southeast side of town. So in preparation for that, I’ve made a point to
keep a copy of Tom’s rules in the pumphouse. I also keep a picture of
Stewart Long in there. Not as a memorial and not out of spite either.
Just as a grim reminder of what can happen when you don’t follow the
[rules.](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeadOfSpectre/)
