All of my life I’ve been afraid of the dentist. I can’t point to one
singular event that made me have this extreme fear, but I know my mother
had to wrestle me through the door of the dentist’s office kicking and
screaming when I was younger and to this day I avoid it at all costs. As
a result of this my teeth aren’t in the best shape, but that’s never
affected me too much- my teeth are all a pale, sickly yellow, misshapen
and pointing in all directions.

However, recently, I’ve been noticing my teeth have taken a turn for the
worse.

I’d gotten home from work, threw off my jacket and shoes and made myself
dinner. My teeth had been killing me all day and I couldn’t eat my lunch
due to the pain. I knew I should try and go to the dentist, but what was
the point now? My teeth were messed up as it is, nothing they could do
now. I pushed the thought and the accompanying anxiety down and made
myself dinner. While eating dinner- a meager meal of ramen and stale
white bread- I bit down on my sandwich absentmindedly while focusing on
my phone. My mouth clamped down on the bread but all I felt was my teeth
softly grazing the sides as I pulled it out of my mouth. I put my phone
down and frowned. Was I having a stroke? I tried again, faster this
time, roughly shoving the sandwich in my mouth and biting down as hard
as I could- pain bloomed between my gums and all I could do was squeeze
the sandwich between my teeth. I looked down at the bread. There weren’t
any usual teeth marks, rather it looked like someone had pushed their
finger down on to the bread in a large semi circle- smooth, rounded
marks where my teeth should have been. My breathing quickened- a sticky
panic settled high in my chest as I rushed to the bathroom.

Sweat beaded down my forehead as I opened my mouth. I fumbled with my
phone, it almost slipping out of my grip; with my phone torch
illuminating the inside, I could see my teeth properly.

The normal hard bone had been replaced with soft, squishy dark brown
epidermis. Every tooth, top to bottom, felt spongy to the touch- like I
was pressing my fingers together. Each tooth was covered in a dark,
sticky film and I could feel some kind of warm pulp in the liquid below
the surface as I gently touched my finger to my back tooth. The gums
beside them were angry and inflamed which made each tooth throb
painfully, as if I had bruised a finger or a toe.

I almost passed out from the shock. I sat on my bathroom floor running
my tongue over my ‘teeth’, feeling every wrinkle and fold between them,
feeling them move against each other with every touch. In my stupor, I
sent a dazed message to my mother. Switching my phone off, I placed it
face down on my sink and went to lie in bed. My tongue was obsessively
going over every tooth, saliva pooling between them- the enzymes causing
my ‘teeth’ to throb even more, as if every one of them had their own
heartbeat. Liquid coursed inside the membranes, like water balloons full
to the brim that sloshed with my every movement. After a while of
tossing and turning I finally passed out.

In the middle of the night I woke up with a shock. My body stained the
sheets with sweat and I groggily sat up, causing a dart of pain to shoot
over my jaw. I groaned and held my jaw as it twitched. My mind instantly
went to my teeth. My tongue ran over my back teeth and felt a small tear
in one of them- not enough to cause a hole but small enough to be
noticeable. I gently pushed my tongue against it but felt the tooth
widen in size, epidermis stretching painfully as it swelled larger. At
this point I had to keep my mouth open as closing my jaw even slightly
would cause a horrible pressure against my swollen tooth. It had grown
so far that it was touching the roof of my mouth even with my jaw open.
The smell coming from these ‘teeth’ was nauseating- a festering necrotic
stench that left my eyes watering as I exhaled hot, damp air and sprayed
brown drool over my bedsheets. I was shivering; hot and cold at the same
time and had a head full of cotton wool. Every movement felt like I was
underwater. I thought of my mom- maybe I should call her? I reached for
the side of my bed but all I did was pat the wood. Of course my phone
was still in the bathroom. Despite the pain in my head, I stood up
slowly, blearily; and took a shaking step towards my bathroom.

I’d done this thousands of times before; it wasn’t a long walk, I
counted the steps. 24 of them to be exact. Nothing I hadn’t done before.

1, 2, 3…

My ankles shuddered underneath me.

10, 11, 12…

Bolts of pain raced up and down my neck, settling as a consistent agony
underneath my skin.

15, 16, 17…

A particularly sharp pain caused me to clench my jaws shut. Hard.

I felt a gush of sour, dank liquid fill my mouth. Instantly my body
rejected this and it spurted out of my mouth and nose fast enough to
splash onto the carpet below. It steamed as it hit the ground. The pain
in my mouth reached a blinding high and my nostrils burned from the
acidity of whatever it was I’d just vomited. I stood there gasping,
staring at the dark brown stain below me and dry heaved from the pain
and disgust. As I went to close my mouth, it felt like the pain had
almost… gone? However, to my horror, I felt my gums brush together. A
shuffling limp to the bathroom later and I discovered that all that was
left of my teeth were soft pits in my gums where my teeth should have
been. Those liquid sacs were gone, and as I checked the stain again,
were ejected once they had popped alongside with the liquid inside of
them. Leathery skin pierced into thin chunks that now curled onto the
fabric of my carpet. The holes still oozed that dark liquid, and it
drooled out of my mouth onto my t-shirt as it filled my mouth once more.

My phone buzzed.

I had totally forgotten about my mom. She’d left me a voice message the
night before.

I sat on the floor with my head in my hands and clicked play.

“Hey darling, I just heard your message, I hope you’re alright. If you
need me I’ll come over- I’ve had issues with my teeth as well, you know
about me and my dentures! I know just what it’s like. Anyway, thinking
of you, love you so much!”

I took my hands off my eyes, still feeling the thick liquid drip from my
mouth. I shuffled back to my bed, ignoring the stain and the drips
leading to and from the bathroom; I just thought some sleep might help
me wake up from whatever horrible dream I was stuck in. I slept for what
felt like forever, gums getting increasingly more painful and inflamed,
from the near constant poking and prodding from my tongue. I woke up to
my jaw hanging slack, my swollen tongue turning a deep, sickly grey and
lolling out of my mouth.

I raised a finger to rub my sore jaws when I felt something hard
protruding through my fingertip. It felt strange and dimpled, like a
raised wart- I looked at my hand and saw this protrusion was on all of
my fingers, like whiteheads dotting each finger and palm. Hands shaking,
the protrusion grew, slowly; pressing beneath the skin, threatening to
break the surface. I stood up from my bed to see better in the light
when it felt like I was standing on broken glass. My shaking legs
dropped me to the ground and I saw blood seeping into the cotton of my
socks. I ripped the socks off my feet and screamed as hard, white
protrusions broke through the soles of my feet, tearing the skin around
them and gushing blood onto the floor.

My hands were similar; dimpled white bone pushing through my palm and
fingertips at awkward, jagged angles, injuries weeping blood onto the
floor. My mouth agape, I wailed in agony spraying brown pus on to my
hands. My tears clouded my vision turning everything a pallid shade of
brown. Roughly wiping my eyes with the back of my bloody hand, I saw
that my tears had turned the same colour as the saliva currently pouring
out of my inflamed gums. I had to crawl to the bathroom, dragging my
heavy body on my hands and knees- every push of my had was excruciating
as the floor pushed the new bone in my fingers back in and out.

As I reached the bathroom, collapsing in a heap underneath the sink, a
terrified panic spread fast across my body. Something hard was pushing
against my tear ducts. I cried and cried as that same pale bone pushed
through the tiny duct, propping my eyelid open as it twitched
frantically trying to blink away whatever was blocking the tear duct.
More tears poured out of my eye, sputtering around the blockage,
covering my face in a drying brown film. It squeezed my eye and pushed
my cornea to the side to where I couldn’t move my eye anymore. My ocular
nerves snapped like tight strings as my eye was squeezed to the breaking
point. As it grew, so did the pressure in my eye; tighter and tighter,
until…

My eye popped, leaking reddish jelly-like fluid down my already snotty
face.

Covered in drying blood, vomit, fluid and brain matter, I raised myself
up slowly to look in the mirror.

I knew exactly what was growing out of my body but didn’t have the
strength to fully believe it.

Brand new, shiny, teeth. Just like I’d always wanted.
