We’ve all had that moment when our minds on something else, are hands
are busy, we may even be driving, and then out of nowhere something
catches our eye. Specifically something in our peripheral, the specific
corner of our eye where are vision is slightly obscured and we can’t
clearly makeout whatever it is.

We brush it off, it’s usually nothing, nothing important enough to stop
what we’re actually looking at and doing.

But then there are sometimes when we get this feeling, it gets suddenly
very quiet and all you can hear is your own heartbeat, making you want
to look directly at whatever distracted you in the first place.

You may be thinking, “But I check my peripheral vision all the time,
nothing has ever happened?”

And that is exactly what it’s waiting for.

It waits in the shadows of your vision, and lulls you into a false sense
of security, waiting for you to give it your full attention. You may not
see it the first time, or the second; it may take years, but you will
eventually look.

If you keep catching something in your peripherals and realize it may be
trying to get your attention:

1)Do not look directly at it.

2)Keep your eye on the space you believe it occupies, ONLY using your
peripherals.

3)If you look away it will take this opportunity to get closer to you,
trying to make you look it at. Blinking is okay, just not or long.

4)Use a mirror or phone camera to slowly back out of the area.

If you do all this the first time, it will more than likely leave you
alone and move onto the next person.

If you do happen to look directly at it, you only have two options, each
with their own risk:

1)If it’s daytime, close your eyes and walk backwards to the nearest
exit to wherever you are. (I’m assuming)

2)If it’s nighttime, find the nearest light switch and turn it off.
There is nothing more to do. You have effectively cut off its entrance
into your direct field of vision and it has to start over now.

I was walking out of my optometrist appointment when I first felt the
eery silence around me. I was just about to try on a pair of new
prescription glasses when something caught my attention out of the
corner of my eye. I assumed it was just the heat waves rising from the
concrete as it was an extremely hot day that day.

I didn’t look, whatever it was wasn’t gonna distract me from trying on
my new glasses. I had waited months for these frames. I definitely
didn’t have terrible vision, a slight stigmatism in my right eye, they
mostly just helped me read at night. But I couldn’t shake the feeling
that whatever had briefly tried to pass before my eyes wanted me to see
it.

It happened again later that night, I had just gathered everything I
needed to have a cozy night in, a new book, put on the kettle for tea,
and fuzzy blanket. I turned off all the big lights when I realized I
forgot my glasses and turned towards my bedroom, when I saw something
move in my peripherals.

It was enough to make me immediately stop what I was doing. And the
silence crept in again. The kettle that had just started to whistle
suddenly went quiet, and all I could hear was my own heartbeat.

I was frozen to the spot, something deep inside me told me not to turn
my head and look directly at it. I left a window open, maybe it was just
a curtain blowing in the wind; I was going through a list of all the
rational things it could be when my eyes briefly dropped to the floor
and I heard a soft shuffling behind me.

“Hello?”

Silence.

I slowly reached into my pocket, watching the room again through my
peripherals, and grabbed my phone. As I turned on the camera I heard the
soft shuffling again, closer.

I put the camera on selfie mode and slowly raised it up to eye level.
There was nothing there. Then I did something stupid.

I turned around.

And immediately beheld it.

Where the face should have been, was a black void, it was so tall that
its head almost brushed the ceiling, and its body was pallor in color,
so skinny it was almost transparent.

The more I stared at it, the more its face started to change. It slowly
started to look like…me. First my eyes, then my nose that was slightly
crooked after breaking it in first grade, and then it was like I was
staring at a reflection of myself.

I began to back away, with every step I took, it took one. I was
desperately trying to make my way to the front door, but it was gaining,
it’s one step was three of mine.

As it was just upon me I tripped over a bump in the rug and in the
process of trying to catch myself I knocked the lamp off the coffee
table and it shattered, enveloping the room in darkness.

I lay on the ground frozen, waiting for whatever it was going to do to
me. Nothing happened, and I could suddenly hear the kettle whistling
away.

I got up slowly and with bated breath felt for the light switch to turn
on the big light.

The room was empty. And the kettle was boiling over.

I’ve never seen the creature again. But every once and awhile I see
something out of the corner of my eye. I never look.

I wrote my story and the rules down, to hopefully help anyone else
finding themselves in the same situation. It’s by no means a completed
and detailed list, just what I could compile from my memories.

So if you ever happen to see something out of the corner of your eye,
please don’t look directly at it.
