Fifteen minutes on the timer.

It was late—the lights in the house had been shut off, and the dogs were
growing antsy, ready for their nightly patrol outside. Thinking about it
now, years later, I don’t know why they liked it so much. I guess it was
the thrill of the dark, the loss of sight, the adrenaline that smells
without sources brought. For a dog, midnight brought endless
possibilities; night-creatures and intruders, things that meant a hunt
was on. A primal, ancient instinct awoke during the witching hour, and I
always knew this about my dogs.

So it didn’t scare me when they started pacing along the windows in the
living room, instead of pawing at the back door like they usually did.
Schmitt—our skinny mutt—had a nervous kind of excitement about him, as
always. With the warm glow of the ambient night-lights, he looked like a
thin beast, his ribs rolling beneath his papery flesh, his spine knotted
and protruding from his back, joints old and achey. Eyes all white,
rolling.

Since then, I have learned that, in dogs, white eyes are called whale
eye.

I should mention that I am older now, and as I tell this, it is all from
memory. Maybe some of my memory is skewed by my current knowledge, but I
do not think this memory is one of those memories. This one is clear,
like the crystal blade of a dagger. Sharp and painful in a way that
makes you wish you could turn back time. Almost magical. Surreal. The
burning feeling it brings is something I could not ever forget.

Dottie—our spotted female—was behaving differently. She was not pacing.
She stood still, her nose pointed towards the nighttime abyss, tail
erect, hackles raised. Every three seconds, she would sway her head back
and forth, then pace alongside Schmitt, and return to her soldier-still
stance.

Fourteen minutes on the timer.

I was making pizza rolls. The warm, toasted smell of breadcrumbs and
cheese filled the air, making my stomach turn with hunger. That week, I
recall, my brother and I were home alone. Parents had taken a
spontaneous trip to Chicago. That left us to fend for ourselves for
dinner, and after a busy day with the horses, I resorted to junk food.

What I would give, now, to taste something as unhealthy and tasteful as
a pizza roll.

Dottie let out a low, guttural growl, ducking her head and backing into
the side table. The lamp rocked and I rushed to catch it before it fell,
steadying it and eyeing the dogs. Both looked up at me, looked at the
window, and shirked into the back corners of the house. Nails clicking
on the hardwood as they left. Tails tucked between their legs.

I cast a glance to the staircase. My brother was upstairs, in his room,
and I knew that. I knew he hadn’t left. I would’ve heard or seen him go.
But for some reason, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was … alone.

No, not quite alone.

Like I was alone in the house, but something—or someone—was outside.

Horses. A rabbit. Yes, the horses and the rabbit were outside. I wasn’t
alone.

Something pattered against the window. I jolted, fumbling with the lamp,
and spun to look at the glass. Chills ran through my veins, up my arms,
and I saw the glint of something small and wet land on the window, then
slide to the ground.

Sleet.

Right. The forecast had said it would snow. Right, right.

Twelve minutes on the timer.

The sleet picked up, and I sank into the couch, turning the lamp off.
Now I could see the backyard. We had a small pasture, big enough for
about seven horses, and they were all there, standing in the cold.
Against the horizon, where the faint gray glow of the moon outlined the
plains, their still figures looked like misshapen landforms, as if the
earth had changed shape while the dogs were pacing. Or as if the dogs
had willed it to be that way.

Our rabbit, Daisy, was in her hutch against the house. She must’ve been
hiding, because I couldn’t see her silhouette through the chickenwire.
But I heard her shuffling around.

In the pasture, the entire herd faced one direction. I’d never seen that
before in my life, the way they were all silent, heads raised, eyes
fixed on a point I couldn’t see. Well, not exactly fixed. They were
relying on hearing and smell. Their ears were perked towards something,
and they were listening for it, motionless like obsidian statues.

But don’t they have some degree of nightvision? I thought, squinting.
They have to be looking at something.

My eyes traveled up to the sky. Nothing existed out there. No nightbirds
could sing, maybe for the cold, maybe for some other unseen reason.
Nothing stirred in the yard. No possums, no bats, no bugs.

Just the horses, the rabbit, and the sleet.

Ten minutes on the timer.

I traveled to the back door, opening it and leaning out. The cold nipped
at my nose, at my bare feet, and I pulled my free hand in towards my
stomach. I whistled, long and low, fixing my gaze on the horses.

“Aaaannieee,” I called for my mare, whistling again. “Annie!”

Only one turned to look at me, and it wasn’t Annie. It was our big, gray
draft. He let out a snort and his expression reflected the lightless
sky, the lightless land, a dull warning swimming in his soul. Almost
mechanically, he looked back to the thing he had been focused on before.
His ears flicked to the side, as did the rest of the herd’s.

As I stared at them and puzzled through the darkness, I realized, quite
stupidly, that horses have a blind spot directly in front of their
faces. They weren’t looking at the land in front of them, but rather
something off to their sides. Something closer to the porch. To me.

My heart leapt to my throat. I thought I saw something white flit
through my peripheral, but I told myself it was snow. I slipped back
inside and shut the door, locking it.

Seven minutes on the timer.

I rushed upstairs to my brother’s room and knocked on the door, creaking
it open. “Hey.”

“Hmm…” He stirred, rolling over and rubbing his face. The red glow of
his alarm clock illuminated his tangled blankets. “Get out.”

“No—the horses are acting weird.” I looked back into the hall and saw
Schmitt standing there, his face all sharp bones, all angles, all
emaciation. He perked his ears at me, turned, and left. “… And the
dogs.”

“Whatever.” My brother sank back into the bed, pulling the covers over
himself. “Get out.”

Okay, great. I left and loitered in the hallway between our rooms. It
was probably nothing. Animals—they act out sometimes.

Animals are also intuitive—they know things humans don’t. This is a
belief I will take to my grave. I know it now, and I knew it back then.
There was no reason for me to abandon this philosophy in the terror of
such a dry, burning moment; something was wrong, and the animals knew
it.

Downstairs, the timer had five minutes left.

I pushed up a chair in front of the back door, considered it, and pushed
up another. I checked every lock in the house. I checked them again. And
again. I ended the timer early and put the pizza rolls on a paper plate,
filled a cup with water, and retreated to my room.

After locking the dogs out of my bedroom, I watched a movie to pull my
mind away from the horses. My favorite movies, the ones I always
rewatched—Signs, Cloverfield, The Day After Tomorrow, The Road—suddenly
weren’t so appealing to me anymore. Something about them made my head
ache and my heart race.

Shrek was the alternate choice, but after finishing dinner, I couldn’t
bring myself to watch the film all the way through. I needed the night
to end. I needed to be in the daylight again.

As I fell asleep, the horses began to run.

Hoofbeats echoed across the icy ground. Thump, thump, thump, thump;
their strides were the song of a tasteless musician. The dogs, too,
cried outside my door.

Ignore it, I remember telling myself. Ignore it. Go to bed. It will be
over in the morning.

———

Now, in this older body, with this older mind, I am not sure how
accurate that statement was. But I do know that I … woke up. I woke up.
I woke up … alive. And some did not.
