The game’s title flashes across my screen: UNREQUITED. An old-school
loading bar pops up—a vein pumping blood to a heart. The words START
GAME hover over the beating heart. I move the knife that is my mouse
icon onto it and click, and the heart explodes. A stock scream rings in
my ears. It’s a hamfisted mix of gore and cheese—baby, you broke my
heart, so now I’m gonna stab yours!

UNREQUITED begins like 90% of horror games: in a haunted room. My goal
is rendered in bloody letters at the top of the screen:

Explore the room.

EXCEPT—the moment I swing my camera around to view a low-res, boxy sofa,
wallpaper, and pixelated furniture, my heart drops into my stomach.

No way, I think. No fucking way.

The room is my living room.

Hold on—let me back up a second. UNREQUITED isn’t a game you’ll find
anywhere. I’d never heard of this game before my friend Sarah sent me
the link via messenger last week, with a note about how it was “right up
my alley.” (She knows I have a thing for indie horror games.)

Today was the first day I clicked on that link, downloaded the game, and
ran it, with no idea it was about to drop me into a pixelated version of
my own goddamn living room.

I message Sarah: WTF is this game???

Then, while waiting for her response, the rationalizations kick in:

Maybe it’s a coincidence. Every townhome on my street has this same
cookie-cutter three bedrooms, two bathrooms, and garage. So for this
indie game to use the floorplan of this rental I moved into only a few
months ago, is improbable but not impossible… right? And after all, the
furniture is different. The carpet burgundy instead of beige. The damask
wallpaper yellowed and grimy. The lamp one of those cheesy-disturbing
ones of a woman’s leg beneath the lampshade—I definitely don’t own
anything as tasteless as that.

Just a spine-tingling coincidence.

At least, that’s what I tell the knots in my stomach as I move my
character to the coffee table to pick up a note:

PETER’S PLUMBING CO

COMPLAINT: “blood pouring from the tap” “loud banging noises”

RESOLUTION: Found some rust flecks, no evidence of noises. Water running
clear. It all looks good. Call with any further problems

Ah yes, blood in the pipes—a tried and true trope of the paranormal. As
I continue to explore the room, it becomes clear our young female
protag, “Mary,” has just moved into this new townhome, and has noticed
“strange happenings”—lights flickering, horrific nightmares, and of
course the aforementioned blood. Ignoring the dread curdling in my
belly, I settle in and grab a coke, which I sip here in my real living
room, as I guide Mary through the much grimier game living room
searching for clues.

Normally, there’s something comforting to me about an old fashioned
point-and-click horror game with grainy graphics. Maybe that sounds
weird, but when you’ve been through actual life hell, it can be
cathartic to see the horror unfold for someone else. Sure, I’m going
through some shit, but at least I don’t have blood pouring from my
faucets. Games like this are my bread and butter. And on a night like
tonight, with the rain drumming on my roof and only a single lamp
casting its feeble illumination across my table—well, that just adds to
the ambiance.

At least, that would be the case… but I can’t shake the feeling there’s
something really wrong about this game. And not just because it’s set
disconcertingly in my own home.

This game is retro—and when I say retro, I don’t just mean the graphics.
It treats Mary the way all early video games treated female characters
back when developers assumed the sole audience was horny males. Mary’s
boobs are jutting pyramids, her midriff bare, her shorts hugging her
butt cheeks. When I send her up to investigate the faucets, Mary’s
internal monologue shows up as italicized text: “It’s running water
again… guess I’ll take a shower.” Uh huh. Sure. Exactly what I’d do in
my shower that was recently running blood. Next, of course, is the
shower scene.

After the fanservice (nice pixelated pyramids, Mary), the camera cuts
away to the mirror above the sink. I cannot help the tightening of my
gut as I notice the fixtures are identical to those in my upstairs
bathroom. Handprints appear on the foggy glass.

Cue scary violins.

Then the camera pans, and my stomach lurches. I slam my coke on the
desk. A horrible twist of dread wrings my insides like a damp rag.

On the hook on the bathroom door is a striped bathrobe.

I message Sarah: What the actual fuck, Sarah?

I take a screenshot of the bathrobe and send that to her along with my
message. Then I hunker down and stare at the screen. A bathrobe on a
hook isn’t strange. But a striped bathrobe, the same exact stripey
colors as mine, in an exact fucking replica of my bathroom? I try to
decide how terrified I should be. Shit my pants terrified? Call the
police terrified? Move away and don’t leave a forwarding address
terrified? Am I going to throw up this coke?

I can’t decide. So I swallow the coke and keep playing.

For right now it stays down.

The cutscene ends, Mary gets out of the shower draped in her towel, and
I’m now in control of her again.

Explore the bathroom.

Um, ok, how is “get dressed” not an option? I try to steer Mary toward
my striped robe to cover her pyramid boobs, but no dice. Mary is
definitely interested in exploring her haunted bathroom while in a
towel.

(It’s a small towel. In case you were wondering.)

With a sigh I point her toward the mirror. There’s an option to
investigate a slip of paper sticking out the side of the glass. Tug the
paper? Y/N

I click Y and Mary reaches to grasp the edge of the paper. It’s stuck.
Excuse me while my heart rate spikes. This game is really getting to
me—and as she pulls the edge of the mirror, the mirror swings open!
Behind it is a squarish hollow in the wall from which she withdraws the
paper.

The paper flashes up on screen, a bold handwritten scrawl:

Mary, how could you abandon our LOVE, our FUTURE? Don’t you see we were
meant to be together? And now I’ve found you, I’ll make sure we are
together FOREVER.

When I exit out of the item menu, Mary’s internal monologue pops up
again:

Mary: Brad… he killed himself last week. I can’t believe it… were those
handprints… Brad? Impossible. When did he write this?

Ok, so let’s parse this… Mary is being haunted by her ex? Or—her
stalker? Who killed himself over her rejection? And whose ghost is now
hovering around her bathroom leaving handprints on the mirror? JFC Mary,
why are you still in a goddamned towel?

Quickly I message Sarah: WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS GAME?

She hasn’t logged into messenger since last week. So I close messenger
and search my contacts for her cell number.

I text: Sarah, that game you sent me is giving me serious flashbacks to
that creep Josh. WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS GAME???

Then I sit there, staring at the screen, willing Sarah to please fucking
answer, all the while memories flash back into my consciousness: Josh,
the quiet, skinny guy in the cubicle across the room from me. His eyes
darting away whenever I’d look up to catch him staring. The weird notes
left for me on my desk, until I asked to be transferred to a different
department.

And then…

The signs he’d been around my house. Flowers on the doorstep. Letters
with no stamp or return address slipped in the mail slot. Messages on my
phone: That blouse looks good on you. Or: Just want to say, orange is
your color. Not trying to be creepy just want to brighten your day. 😊
With a fucking smiley face, while I’m choking on my breakfast cereal,
wondering which window he’s peeping through, or whether he somehow has
cameras on me. A ring, left on my pillow, was the last straw because it
meant he’d been inside my bedroom. I packed up and moved, leaving no
forwarding address.

Now, I copy the link of the game, send it to a former coworker with a
single sentence: Is this Josh’s handiwork?

Then I grab a knife from the kitchen rack, tuck my laptop under my arm,
and head upstairs. Goosebumps rise on my skin, even though I flick on
every light in the house to chase away the shadows. I check the
bedrooms, the closets, finally the bathroom. When I’m certain there is
no one else here with me, I turn and face the mirror.

It’s just a game. There’s nothing there.

My heart slams in my chest as I reach for the edge of the mirror. My
breaths come fast and shallow. Am I going to pass out?

It’s just a game…

The thing about being stalked is, it doesn’t end when you uproot your
life and move away. You can scrub yourself from social media. Avoid
public places where you might show up in someone’s background and
accidentally disclose your new location. Cut ties with all former mutual
friends or coworkers.

But the fear will never leave you.

You wake up in the middle of the night to footsteps, only to realize you
were dreaming. You hear the garage door open and close—but was it yours,
or a neighbor’s? Things go missing—your favorite mug, that pizza you
were saving in the chest freezer. Sometimes, you feel eyes on you.
Watching you. You feel, with every bone, every fiber in your body, that
he has found you, but everyone tells you that you’re F-I-N-E. You’re
S-A-F-E. It’s just your iMaGiNaTiOn! Then one day, you notice the closet
door behind you ajar, and you PANIC!

You snatch up your phone, with the message from your friend that you
haven’t answered yet:

SARAH: [link] Check this out! I think this game might be right up your
alley. :-)

YOU: OMG, I think someone’s in the house with me!

SARAH: What, seriously???

SARAH: Are you all right?

SARAH: Hey are you all right??? If you don’t respond I’m calling the
police!!

But you don’t respond because you’re already on the phone with the
dispatcher, babbling your address while arming yourself with a baseball
bat and checking the closet. You peek out into the hall, and over the
railing down to the first floor and front door. You creep into each of
the bedrooms while brandishing the bat. There’s no sign of intrusion,
but every sense tells you that you are being watched. The dispatcher
says police are just a few minutes away.

Then a door creaks. You freeze, and hear the familiar groaning clack of
the garage opening—he’s in the garage!

All that terror surges into your arms, into your throat, as you rush
down screaming with your bat.

You burst into the garage—

Your mother shrieks and drops the load of books she’s carrying.

“Mom? Oh God, Mom!” You babble apologies, trying not to sound crazy as
your mom stares at the baseball bat you nearly brained her with.

Police find no evidence of intrusion. Everyone, including you, laughs at
how you were spooked by your mom’s surprise visit.

The implication is clear: you are a girl, in hysterics, making up
monsters…

***

So.

Guess how many times I’ve called police in the past month to come out
and search my house?

Four.

That’s once every week.

And you know what they’ve found to be the cause of my being watched
feeling every time? If you guessed my iMaGiNaTiOn, congrats! You win!

You know who doesn’t win at this game?

Yours truly.

That’s why I don’t call the cops, or my mom, or anyone as I reach for
the mirror. Because chances are, it’s just an ordinary mirror. There’s
no cabinet or anything built into this bathroom. Certainly there’s no
reason for some weird-ass square hole—

Click.

Holy. Fucking. SHIT.

Under my horrified stare, the mirror pulls away from the wall. I tug it
open and behind it is…

A hole. Just like in the game.

The squarish hollow is empty except for lots of dust because I never
knew it was there. Dust, and a single slip of paper.

My heart slams into my throat as my fingers grab the paper. I tug it out
and read:

BEHIND YOU

The coke comes up. It’s a good thing I’m in the bathroom, because the
toilet is right there, and I double over it, heaving up my insides while
the panic rages through me.

It’s a miracle I don’t have a fucking heart attack.

When I finally finish and sink down by the bowl, shaking, my body is
cold all over, and my shirt and part of the rim are spattered with
vomit. Nothing but the rain drums outside. There’s no one here in the
bathroom with me. I’ve locked the door. But… I reach for my laptop. The
only way I’ll figure what’s going on is by finishing the game.

I direct Mary to leave the bathroom. The screen goes black. Then we’re
back in the living room again. Only now, it definitely is my living
room. There’s no ambiguity. Gone is the leg-shaped lamp. Gone the boxy
sofa. In their place are my lamp, my futon sofa, my coffee table and
plant rack.

A new note has appeared on the coffee table. I can’t make Mary do
anything else, so I have her investigate the note. It comes up on screen
in bold letters.

CONGRATULATIONS! You’ve nearly completed UNREQUITED! I hope you enjoyed
playing this game. I promised I’d find you, didn’t I? I promised you
would never be alone… and this little homage is the proof of my
devotion. You aren’t alone, my love. You’re NEVER alone. I’m ALWAYS
watching you. I’ve memorized everything about you, from your favorite
cereal to your favorite color to that cute striped robe… I even know
about that hole behind the mirror! Oh yes it’s real. Go look behind it.
I’ve left you a surprise!

Fade to black. Then more text appears:

From now on we will be together… FOREVER!

Fade to black. Then one final line of text:

(But seriously, check the mirror!)

I look at the note in my hand, with its scrawl of BEHIND YOU. Look back
at the black screen. There’s no one here but me.

“You fucked up the timing, buddy,” I mutter.

The sudden buzz of my phone is like a siren shattering the silence.

I jump, shrieking, and clap a hand to my mouth, sobbing. I close the
laptop with its terrifying message. Then I pull out my phone.

It’s Sarah, responding to my text.

SARAH: What game? My account was hacked, sorry, probably a spammer.
Everything okay?

For a second, my vision swims. Everything goes black. But then, over the
rushing of my own pulse, I come back to myself. And I am incredibly
calm. I need to get out, I think. But I don’t dare open the door. Don’t
dare go out alone right now. Not because there’s anyone here, but just
because I can’t bring myself to move. So I do what any child anywhere in
the world does when terrified. Even though it’s nearly one in the
morning.

I call mom.

******

Police found no evidence of anyone in my house when Mom called them
later that night. I tried explaining about the note, how I’m certain I
was meant to find it a week ago when “Sarah” texted me. From the “BEHIND
YOU” it’s pretty obvious Josh was planning to hide inside my home and
leap out at the climactic moment. I suggested they search his
computer—but the general feeling I got was that they were blowing me
off. Also, the mutual officemate I texted let me know that Josh hasn’t
been to work recently—and in fact, may have fled in fear of being caught
after his plans went awry.

But it no longer matters. I hired a moving company to take care of all
my things, and am staying with Mom until I relocate.

There’s one more important detail I haven’t told anyone. Last week, when
I scared my mom with the baseball bat, she brought all those boxes of
books I’d left at her place from the first time I moved because of Josh.
I was too frazzled to deal with them, so we stacked them in the garage
on the chest freezer. Mom saw how shaken I was and invited me to come
stay with her for a few days. After she left, I messaged Sarah, whom I’d
left hanging:

SARAH: Hey are you all right??? If you don’t respond I’m calling the
police!!

ME: Everything’s fine. Sorry for the freak out.

I hit send. Turned off the garage light. And then, just as I was heading
inside, a faint ping caught my attention. A pale illumination behind the
chest freezer.

I could have checked, of course. It’s possible that if someone really
was inside my house, and stupidly jumped into the chest freezer to get
out of sight when the garage door went up with my mom’s unexpected
arrival, their phone might have tumbled from a back pocket and fallen
behind the freezer.

But hypothetically speaking, if anyone did hop into that freezer, they
weren’t getting out from under those heavy boxes.

So, I didn’t check.
