My name is Claire. I remember the day I bought Fen. He was so cute and
cuddly. A German Shepherd puppy barely a month old, he was my best
friend. He was my comforter during the hardest times in my life.
Boyfriends come and go, friends leave, but Fen was always there. All of
this makes it even harder as I cry because I just saw him out of the
corner of my eye and he darted off. Although some part of me knows this
isn’t the last time I’ll see him.

I should back up, not from the very beginning but close. Fen and I were
sitting on the porch listening to the winds. The cool Norwegian air blew
a bit colder tonight. Not temperature cold, a different kind of cold. It
felt wrong, it felt evil. I knew all the stories of giants and trolls
and all the other mythical creatures that the Edda and other poems
talked about. I never believed any of them of course, but it was still
creepy to think something like that could be out there. I thought
nothing of it until Fen sat up. He was laying down at my feet and he hit
me getting up.

“Fen!”

He didn’t even look at me, usually saying his name made him look at me
expecting a treat. He just went to the end of the porch and stared. We
lived in the woods of Norway, the front of my house opened up into
massive amounts of trees. Fen started to woof very quietly. Just then a
light came from up the driveway, it was an immensely bright blue light.
It was blinding but Fen stared into it. He darted off into the woods.
I’ve never seen him run so fast. It wasn’t a chasing kind of run, or
like he was running after something. It was like he was running
joyfully. It was a fast run but looked like he was running to me. I
yelled after him.

“Fen! Come back!”

All I got was a far off bark. I waited for hours for him to come back.
Soon after he ran off the light seemed to turn off. I figured it was
headlights and he ran to see what it was, and Fen was dognapped. Like I
said I waited for hours, I was almost morning light when I thought I saw
Fen. I swore I saw him, he was in the tree line and he just looked at
me. He woofed then ran off. I know that run anywhere, that was Fen. I
waited a little longer until going in and going to bed. I figured I
would put up missing posters later in the day, but for now I need to
rest.

I am a freelance writer so I work from home thankfully, I could do my
work whenever I wanted to. I went to bed around 6:30am and woke up
around noon. I wrote up some missing dog posters for Fen and went into
town to post them up. I went to the post office of my small town first.

“Missing dog Claire?” It was Turid, the sweet little post office lady.

“Yeah. Fen ran off last night.”

She knew Fen as did everyone in the town. He was everyone’s best friend.
Every business in the town allowed me to bring Fen inside, even the
restaurants. The reply of he ran off broke Turid as she heard it.

“Oh, well I’m sorry to hear that sweetie.”

“It’s okay. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.”

“Let’s hope so.” She walked off with her walker.

I posted a few more posters around the town. I saw him again, he was
following me. Not close at all but he was. I saw him in the corner of my
eye, when I looked he would tuck behind a car. Peeking at me. I will
always remember his eyes, they aren’t his.

Part 2

After a random PC reset and an entire post about to be posted gone, here
we are. Anyway where was I? Oh yeah the creepy peeking “Fen”.

I saw him peeking around a car, I knew Fen’s eyes but those weren’t it.
I knew them like the back of my hand. Big black dopey dumb eyes that
looked up at me for a treat everyday. He looked at me like I was some
abuser who didn’t feed him. I promise I did.

 I called out to him, something I would regret till the day I die.

“Fen? Come here boy, tell momma what’s wrong.”

He came out, but he was all wrong. His legs were backwards, not like
they were put on backwards but like they were twisted. Like the pre
stages of a hard candy on a hook. He limped towards me, when I say limp
that’s the best word I can use. It was more of a broken leg shuffle that
made sounds of bones cracking with each step. He slowly came over to me
and I winced. I pulled back my hand I had outstretched for him to smell.
His eyes were eerily human. They were green and would be attractive if
not on my lost dog who looks like this abomination. Just then a car
drove by, I didn’t notice until it was past but Fen did. He dove back to
his peeking place and peeked once again. I turned away and started
walking back to my truck. I looked back occasionally to see Fen peeking
behind cars at me. I walked faster but he kept following. I got in my
truck and the same thing happened, I saw him peek out of the corner of
my eye. I drove back to the places where I had put up the posters
earlier and tore them down. I didn’t want anyone seeing them now that
I’ve seen him. It stopped when I came down my driveway though, But what
happened next was even stranger. On my porch was my sweet old neighbor
Ran. She was a widowed woman who was more of a mother to me than I’d
ever had. Her husband died many years ago so we keep in touch so I can
keep an eye on her now and then. She waved and in her other hand peeking
around the corner of my porch was Fen. But not demon spawn Fen, my Fen.
I slammed my truck into park and the transmission banged and rattled
until it caught the right gear. 

“Well hello sweetie. It’s nice to see you again. Look who I found.”  she
said to me as i walked up.
.

“Where did you find him?”

“Well see that’s the strange part, he found me. I was in my living room
early this morning, I don’t sleep in the bed much anymore. There was
this bright light coming from my porch, I thought some hoodlums were
parking in front of my house to scare me again. But no it was your sweet
boy Fen. I opened the door to yell at those kids and the light went out,
and there he was so sweet and looking for a treat. So, I gave him a
piece of chicken and let him sleep at my house for the morning. I’m
sorry I didn’t tell you deary I couldn’t find my phone to call you. I
swear that thing does all but floats away when I need it.”

“It’s okay, Ran. He is here now, that’s all that matters.”

“Well I’ll be off then.” She said walking away and waving her hand above
her head saying goodbye a few more times.

Usually Fen tackles me when he sees me but not this time. He just sat
there. I was used to being tackled by my seventy pound dog but not this
time. He was skinny, too skinny. Like a bedsheet draped over a bag of
bones. I scooted past him to get up my porch and went inside. I locked
the door, I didn’t want whatever that was to be in my house. The rest of
the evening was, dare I say normal, other than the weird “dog” outside
my door. He just sat there, studying me. I showered and made dinner all
the same, nothing new but Fen. I went to bed and left the kitchen/living
room light on. If I did have to run I didn’t want to do it in the dark. 

I drifted off to sleep and had horrible nightmares. I was being ripped
apart and sacrificed to the old gods. I laid on a stone table with
torches lit all around me forming a circle. Tall, large men with axes
stood over me. They were speaking in a language I didn’t understand,
they lifted their heads as they danced and yelled. They drank and drank
until they could barely stand, then they started the ceremony. I looked
off into the crowd and I saw him, Fen. As soon as I made eye contact I
was woken up by a crash in the kitchen. I didn’t dare go see what it was
and then he walked into my door frame. A man. The tallest man I have
ever seen, he was the body of a man but the head…..was Fen. A hairless
stretched over Fen but I recognized him. His eyes opened and met mine,
they glowed green in the darkness of my room. Just as he put a hand on
my door to push it further to enter, a howl echoed from outside. He
howled back out of his dog face, as he opened his mouth I realized he
had too many teeth. They were growing out of places they shouldn’t. I
winced away and when I looked back he was gone. I heard a pounding
shuffle and I prayed that was him leaving. I pulled the covers over my
head like a scared child and cried myself into a very light sleep.

 I was shaken awake by my alarm clock and I sat up fast. I was drenched
in sweat and tears from the night before. I got up to see the damages,
again praying it was all a dream. It wasn’t. Mostly everything was in
order until I saw the fireplace. It had a small bloody and cut up fox on
it, laid in a familiar way. It had my fake candles I kept in the junk
drawer circled around it. Like me last night in my dream. I was at a
loss for words, I quickly grabbed the fox and threw it out. I spent the
whole morning trying to get the smell of dead fox out of my house.

 I left later in the day to get more bleach from the store. As I walked
into the store I saw a poster in the spot I had put up. In the same spot
was my poster, the poster of Fen. Someone or something had put it back
up. I was going to take it down but all the contact slips at the bottom
were already gone. So, if you see my lost dog, do not return him. 

Part 3

I snapped a picture of the shrine before throwing the fox out, figuring
it would help me. I have a friend who works at the college in town. I
went to her for help, she is an expert in this sort of occult stuff. I
drove up and parked, she was already standing outside. 

“Signe hi. I’m glad you could meet with me today.” 
 
I hugged her, we hadn’t seen each other in weeks. 

“Why don’t we go somewhere more private, my office is just inside.”

I nodded. We went inside the small single story college and I sat in her
office across from her. 

“So, tell me what’s going on with Fen.”

“It started a couple days ago, he ran off into that weird blue light. It
was blinding and he ran off like I was out there calling him. You know
he goes to no one but me, that’s how I trained him. Then like any owner
would I put up missing posters. Then the weirdest thing happened, I saw
him. Well, not him but a poor rendition of him. He was peeking at me
behind a car and just staring. Like an idiot I called him out, he came
but I wish I hadn’t called him.” 

I spent the next hour recalling everything that happened, not sparing
any detail, down to the fox. She looked puzzled, she sat there quietly
looking at me like a therapist trying to not make you think you are
crazy.

“Oh I have this!” 

I showed her the photo of the fox. She took my phone and stared at it,
rotating it around. 

“Claire. This is not good, that thing is not Fen that did this.”

“Um yeah I figured that out brainiac. A dog can’t make a shrine. What is
it?”

“What did you feel when Fen was on the porch? When you first got home.”

“I felt a sense of relief. Nostalgia even, I was remembering all the
great times we had.”

“That’s what I was afraid of, Claire Fen is gone. Fen is and has been
dead for days now. Maybe even weeks, this kind of behavior is very late
in the transformation cycle.”

“Transformation? What do you mean what happened to Fen?”

“I’m afraid he was taken over by a vardøger. A doppelganger.”

“W-what do you mean, like it is a copy? Is that why I saw him in town
and at home? Was that really Fen at my door last night?”

I had so many questions and she answered them all. She was a big help,
unfortunately. I didn’t want to go back home so I called Ran to see if I
could stay over tonight. She didn’t answer her phone. 

“Odd” I thought. “I’ll just drive over there, I’m sure she’s home this
late in the afternoon.”

I drove over and when I stepped out of my truck I instantly threw up.
The smell coming from her house was immense. It smelt of death and
rotting fruit.  I knew what was coming or I thought I did. I walked up
the porch to see the windows broken. I figured she died because she was
just old. I knew the day would come that I would find her, but not like
this. I opened the door, and if “man dog thing” wasn’t enough to send me
into a panic attack this was. She was held up by ropes from each side of
her house. Her feet were at eye level so she was close to five feet off
the ground. One was tied to the mantle and the other was tied in the
kitchen. Her back was cut open, her ribs broken to form what looked like
wings. Her lungs were also hanging out, there were flies and maggots on
her backside. I dry heaved as I sobbed. I went to leave but I saw a note
in between her toes. Grabbing it was the last thing I wanted to do but I
had to. I reached out and gave her a sorry look as I pried her stiff
joints apart to grab it. Just as I was about to read it I saw Fen
peeking, I looked and he darted off again. I went back to reading the
note. It looked like Bokmål (modern Norwegian), but a variant I didn’t
know. I could make out the words though.

“Móðir, ek em heim kominn.”

“Mother, I have come home.”
