I followed them, and they led me to that beautiful and horrible place.
When I finally awoke, I scanned my field of view with tired eyes that
felt as if they had never been used. What I saw told me very clearly
that I wasn’t in Alabama anymore. Looking straight ahead from my supine
position, I saw the peculiar, insane treetops. The purple, shifting
skies. The entrancing starbursts. The two brilliantly bright suns set
into the heavens. No, not suns. Bloodshot, amber eyes peering down at
me.

I live in central Alabama, born and raised. When most people not from
the Yellowhammer state hear that’s where I’m from, they think it’s all
hate crimes, incest, and cotton fields. While that definitely is the
case in some areas, that’s fortunately not been my experience. What
people don’t realize about Alabama is how green it is.

I live in a pretty developed area. Lots of small cities, surrounded by
dense, lush woods. Gorgeous forests worm their way in between every
Chick-fil-A and Southern Baptist Church, each populated with diverse
wildlife. All kinds of creatures work their way in and around the wood,
many unfortunately well acquainted with the undersides of the local
pick-up trucks. My house is frequently visited by hordes of deer,
raccoons, opossums, marmots, land turtles, foxes, coyotes, you name it.

My wife, Jane, and I absolutely love it. We sit at our couch and watch
the rabbits run in and out of our sticky patch, the cardinals that perch
and sing in the bushes, and the deer that come in herds to graze on our
grass and eat our Jack-O-Lanterns on Halloween. One time, we just about
pissed our pants laughing when a stray doe bumped her nose on our living
room window trying to eat our beloved pothos and aloe vera.

These beautiful creatures come and go, emerging and returning to the
woods in between each house, school, and parking lot. It was one of
those woods near my house where it happened. I saw them for the first
time.

Just down the street from my neighborhood lies a school with a public
park attached. Jane and I frequent the gravel trail around the large
pond, marveling at the ducks, fish, and turtles in and around the water.
Once we even saw a heron catch and swallow a fish whole! Nature wasn’t
always pretty, but hey, it’s the circle of life. It was much preferable
to the snot-nosed kids we often saw reeling in skewered, gasping fish,
poking and prodding them while they muttered and mouth-breathed.

I try not to let things like this bother me. It’s a free country after
all. Fishing is perfectly legal. Yet, it still doesn’t sit quite right
with me. I understand hunting or fishing to feed your family, but to do
so just for the fun of it? At least you could catch and release fish,
but other animals weren’t so lucky. Although I had seen far too many
amateur fishermen lose a hook deep in a fish’s maw, only to toss them
back, shrugging and not sparing a second thought that the rest of its
life could be lived in agony. Perhaps death was preferable after all. 

Involuntarily, I imagined those snotty children with a twelve-inch hook
shoved down their throats and dragged to the bottom of the pond. Their
fat bellies poked by ginormous scaled fingers in the murky depths.

The measured voice in me replaces these thoughts with more hopeful ones.

“They’re just kids, they don’t know.” After all, I didn’t.

I know they can change, because I did. One thing I’ve learned over the
years is that people can change when they’re willing and when they’ve
had a strong emotional experience. We have to work through the things
holding us back; we can’t avoid them, brute force them, or hope someone
will do it for us. There’s an element of submission and vulnerability
required for healing. Every child that once blew up lizards with
firecrackers or squished bugs for fun has this potential for change. I
have to believe that.

Sorry, I’m getting ahead of myself.

Connected to our beloved trail and pond was another trail that led off
into the woods across the street. One day, out by myself on a walk, I
decided to try it out. I was shocked at how long this inconspicuous
little trail was. It wound and twisted through a surprisingly dense wood
of mossy trees and rocky creeks. I still find it hard to fathom how all
of it fits in between the school and the shopping center on either side.
It became my new favorite walking spot, and I visited it nearly every
day.

These walks had to be frequent for me, you see. You may have noticed my
mental health hasn’t always been the greatest. I struggled with
depression for most of my life and exhibited a lot of symptoms from a
soup of personality disorders. I’m much better now, though. Normal, you
might even say! But that’s from years of a supportive partner and good
therapy. Despite this, I am still myself, and I have to stick to a
strict regimen of self-care to make sure I don’t slip into old habits of
despair and addictive tendencies. Hence, the walks.

I like to go for long walks, hours at a time. No phone, no music. Just
me, my thoughts, and nature; no technology to take any of it away from
me.

And that’s where I found myself that monumental day, walking alone on
the trail in the early morning light.

It was a usual damp, somewhat misty morning. The humid Alabama spring
air feeling more like the cool steam after a warm shower than the muggy
soup of the typical summer air. I quite liked this level of modest
humidity, and I know the countless snails and slugs I saw on the trail
did too. Mornings like these were quiet. Occasionally, you’d pass by
another walker or two, but today there was no one.

Breathing in the cool air and reaching out my attention, I took in all
the sounds of the woods. Little rodents skittered through dry leaves.
Birds chirped and sang sonatas. Tall thin trees creaked as branches high
above rubbed together in the wind. And the subtle hum of distant traffic
persisted in the background.

I looked around, slowly stretching my neck as I scanned the tree tops
and tried not to pull a muscle as I followed the trails of chipmunks
darting in and out of fallen logs and beds of leaves. I always loved how
their little fuzzy tails stuck up as they chased each other through the
grass.

My calm observations were halted when my shoulder collided hard with a
thin tree in the path. Birds high above squawked and flew off, dried
leaves drifted down in their place.

That’s odd. I should’ve seen that tree, and I swear it wasn’t there ten
seconds ago. I’ve walked this trail a dozen times, and you’d think I
would’ve noticed a tree directly in the middle of the path.

“Guess not,” I thought and chuckled under my breath. I made to keep on
moving but noticed something strange on the tree. A symbol.

It was typical to see things carved onto trees on trails. “M+P,” “Deez
Nuts,” “Dan wuz here,” other random stuff. But this wasn’t like that. It
wasn’t a carving. It was as if it were part of the tree, almost like it
was grown into the tree. Even weirder, it seemed to shimmer when I
looked at it. It was like trying to read a book that was too close to
your face. I could tell there was something to be read, but my eyes
simply could not focus on it.

I took off my glasses, rubbed my eyes, and just about near shit my pants
at the sound that hit me in my blinded state. Leaves crunched fast and
loud, much too close to me. I put my glasses on to see a chipmunk had
emerged from the brush and now stood in the middle of the path, a few
feet behind the tree. It stood there on all fours, breathing quickly,
then assumed a “standing” position on its haunches. It looked up at me,
tiny clawed hands drooping, and there was silence for a moment.

I was struck with a memory. One that colored my life in ways I had tried
hard to forget.

When I was seven, my parents got me a Red Ryder BB gun for Christmas.
Yes, that one. I didn’t know who Red Ryder even was, I just wanted to be
like Ralphie in the movie. In the months following Christmas, I took it
out back, shot my parents’ discarded Diet Coke cans, archery targets,
and acorns off the top of the porch railing. This was all fine, yet it
didn’t wholly satisfy. I had some bizarre internal desire that still
haunts me.

A desire to shoot something living.

To hunt, I suppose. My mom told me I could shoot squirrels and crows to
keep them away from her plants. Looking back, I’m not even quite sure
why. It’s not like we had a major garden or anything. Every fruit and
vegetable we ate was Great Value brand anyway.

I knew that what I wanted to do was wrong. Yet, the possible pain or
even death I might inflict on them never really made its way into my
seven-year-old understanding. I blew the legs off of pixelated soldiers
on my Xbox every day. I didn’t know the difference.

I should have known. I should have been told. I should have been
supervised. Should have anything. But I didn’t and wasn’t.

My first and last victim was a chipmunk, much like the one which stared
me down by the marked tree. Except this one had a distinct white tuft at
the end of its tail. I saw him come out of the hole in my mother’s patch
of woodchips, tulips, and lawn figurines that she called a garden. He
crested the hole, looking around in all directions, darting his head
from side to side. He was a beautiful little creature. Amber and black
stripes ran down his back, leading to the tufted tail. He cleaned his
hands and chewed on something with incredible speed. Without much
thought, I raised the BB gun, aimed, and fired.

The poor thing swayed almost comically, a smooth circular motion, as if
a cartoon character that had just been hit over the head with a mallet.
It swayed and was gone. Nothing left to be seen but the hole it emerged
from; a mirror to the hole the action left in my gut.

Realizing what I had done, I ran down the porch steps and shamefully
approached the garden. I peered into the hole, expecting the worst.
Expecting to see a mangled corpse on its side, one empty black eye
staring up at me. I did see an empty black eye, but it was just the
entrance to the chipmunk’s den. Nothing else to be found.

I ran from the scene and into the house to find my dad. In typical kid
fashion, my only understanding of guilt or shame was that of bad guys
and policemen.

The question that left my trembling lips was, “Dad, is it illegal to
kill chipmunks?”

He looked at me with a look I’ve never been able to fully describe. It
was an, “I know what you did” kind of smile. A look that said, you’ve
done something wrong, but I’m not upset at you. That look has always
made me sick. Something about the slyness of his grin, the silent
judgment that came with no punishment, just the look of someone who
enjoys seeing someone embarrassed.

“Why? Did you kill a chipmunk?”

I protested and ran away from him, never broaching the subject again.

I spent the rest of my childhood and adolescence with a persistent sense
of unease and shame. I found myself believing I was flawed, evil, and
disgusting. Every minor inconvenience I caused, every mean thing I ever
said, every relationship that didn’t work out was all my fault. I was to
blame. I was broken. Sick. Crazy. A psychopath.

It wasn’t until a therapist worked through the story with me that I
realized I probably hadn’t even actually killed it. There was no corpse
to be found after all. I’d probably just stunned the thing, and it ran
into its hole to hide. I’d realized I wasn’t broken, evil, or a
psychopath. I was flawed, empathetic, and very human.

It still didn’t ease the fifteen years of guilt I’d harbored. The guilt
that had made me who I am today. The guilt that made me vegetarian. The
guilt that gives me an existential crisis whenever I see roadkill. The
guilt that gives me knots in my stomach every time I see the neighbor’s
dog tied up outside, rain or shine. The guilt that fuels my rage at land
development; habitats destroyed to make way for bullshit fast food
restaurants, just to feed ground-up gore to people who don’t care to
know what they’re eating. The ones who turn a blind eye to the baby
chicks taking their first and last breaths over a bed of eggshells on a
conveyor belt. Chicks dragged towards a maw of razors on gears. How
would people like it if that was their reality? Giving birth over an
industrial belt. A wet, screaming baby, still attached yet pulled away
by cold, damp rubber treads, dragged towards the—

My focus returned to the chipmunk in front of me; the glaze receded from
my eyes. He sniffed, scratched his cheek with his back leg, and darted
off into the bushes. I smiled, took a deep breath and walked on.

The morning was quite normal for the next thirty or so minutes until,
further down the trail, I encountered another strange tree in its direct
center. It was different this time, yet I still couldn’t make out what
exactly it was. It shimmered and morphed before my eyes. Typically, when
I struggle to focus my eyes, I start to get headaches. Instead, I felt a
bubbling sense of serenity. A slow, growing sense of calm.

Dreamily, my gaze was drawn to my right without my consent. A new path
lay there.

This time, I was sure it hadn’t been there before. This one was marked
by another tree with a similar symbol.

Before I could question the impossibility, my attention was again ripped
away from the symbol by a sound. To my left, leaves crunched and bulged
as if more chipmunks played beneath them. Though these must have been
the biggest I had ever heard. The skittering was more like tromping, as
if tiny, yet heavy, feet clomped through the soft earth beneath the
leaves with incredible speed. I felt the vibrations of the ground before
my eyes could spot the rodent making them.

The small, fast stomping grew louder and closer. Unease crept its way
into my inner world. Usually, the sound of chipmunks playing filled me
with a calm joy, but this just felt wrong.

And that’s when I saw it. Sticking through the tops of the litter was a
chipmunk’s tail; swimming through the leaves like a shark’s fin. It was
cocked at an odd angle, adorned with a white tuft of hair on its end.

“No,” I breathed, “it’s not you. Just a coincidence.”

The thing with the white-tufted, broken tail ended its journey by
ducking into a fallen, warped log a little way off the trail. It managed
to avoid my sight, revealing nothing but its tail thus far, until I saw
an eye peering at me from a small hole in the bark. An amber iris
surrounded by red lightning bolts stared back at me.

When my brain managed to process what I was seeing, I swear to God the
pupil shrank, as if focusing on me with a hunter’s ferocity.

Dread pierced my heart and it came crashing down to my gut. For a brief
moment, I felt the full weight of my shame. As if my magnum opus of sins
were presented before me by an omniscient judge. A symphony of horror
and guilt performed on the stage of my psyche, my mind simply unable to
make sense of what I was seeing.

Then, a soloist called out in the cacophony. The symbol. It provided a
new, more soothing note to the concert. My gaze fixed upon it, calming
my mind with extraordinary speed.

Without noticing, I had already passed the tree and was about twenty
feet down the new trail. It was as if nothing had happened just moments
before. I was miles away, further down the new path.

The trail twisted and wound in odd directions. Surely, I would have
gotten lost if not for the symbols. They bade me follow with an almost
magnetic allure. At times, it felt like I was floating. I wasn’t, but my
senses were so dialed in on whatever those symbols wanted for me that I
didn’t notice myself expertly stepping over rocks, roots, and fallen
logs.

The trail had begun to darken. I looked up, expecting to see rain clouds
or dense treetops, but simply saw blue skies. Just a darker blue now.

“That’s not right, it’s only morning,” came a thought that floated up
through my mind like wax in a lava lamp.

My attention returned to the symbols.

After what could have been either minutes or hours of this, I managed to
bring enough of my focus away from the symbols that I noticed the sounds
around me. Or, lack of sounds? You know when you’re in total silence,
and you start to hear that persistent ringing? Or a kind of warmish,
audible wave of something? I know it doesn’t make sense, but that’s all
I can really describe it as. Total silence and total deafening noise at
the same time.

I carried on, occasionally scratching my ears with a dreamy neuroticism.

Later, as if moving my head through peanut butter, I looked at the
ground below me. Weird, unnatural grasses and mushrooms grew through
blackened leaf litter on either side of the trail. The trail itself,
once comprised of normal rocks and pebbles, now housed remarkable gems
and minerals shining with colors I didn’t recognize. They glimmered and
pulsed with an orgasmic rhythm. It took nearly all of my focus to avoid
falling face-first into them.

I kept going in a daze. A daze. Daze. Days. Days later, I began to hear
discernible noises. Something like birds called out. It sounded unlike
any birds I had ever heard. Some sounded like people imitating birds,
others sounded like bird calls played in reverse, others off-kilter and
echoey, others not. My head began to spin at their calls but still no
discomfort, just a persistent low hum of euphoria.

The sky had gone purple now. Mystifying comets and flashes of light
reflected in my eyes from the heavens above. The unusual mushrooms and
plants now towered over me, each one emitting waves of pleasure,
revulsion, excitement, and anxiety.

My senses were assaulted from all sides.

The scent of freshly baked cinnamon rolls mixed with the stench of
rotten cabbage fumigated my nostrils. Pins and needles traveled across
every nerve in my body like waves on a calm summer day. And then, my
head lulled lazily towards the sounds of movement around me.

More freakish, heavy, unseen chipmunks skittered about, only revealing
tails. Unnatural birds called out, chanting as if in ritual. Something
with antlers rushed past, just out of sight. A thing resembling a fish
with too many fins crested the murky yellow water in a nearby stream.

Equal forces of terror and eagerness warred inside me. One foot dragged
through the gripping mud while the other pulled me forward. My body
fought my spirit for control and vice versa. I suppose I looked like
some sick marionette out in the dreamscape forest, surrounded by
incomprehensible animals and afflicted with sensations I had never
dreamed of. I had gotten myself somewhere beyond recognition. This was
no longer in Alabama, not even Earth as far as I could tell. This was
somewhere else. Somewhere where there were no people. Somewhere that
didn’t make sense. Somewhere where. Somewhere…

 

Consciousness came back to me in slow waves. The crust over my eyes
split apart with an audible “crack.” As I blinked the residue out of my
eyes, an image of two loaves of sourdough being smacked together formed
in my mind.

Vision somewhat clearing, I saw the alien treetops, purple skies, and
those dreadful amber eyes.

I tried to scream but choked on something. This particular something was
snaking from the outside of my cheek, into my mouth, and down my
esophagus. It was thick, spongy, and porous. From the texture alone, my
body had already intuited what it was before my consciousness had caught
up. Before I could make any progress on dislodging the thing with my
parched tongue, it began to retreat.

The gargantuan, sopping wet braid of hair was pulled agonizingly slow
from my throat, leaving me with a hollow feeling I had never experienced
before and likely never will again. It was composed of all different
shapes and textures. Some long, dark and wavy, some fine and light, some
black and kinky, others thick, curled, and pubescent.

The sight of the sticky, dripping thing that had just exited my body
would have made me lose my lunch if there was any to spare. Instead, I
convulsed and wretched on the ground, nearly choking on my dehydrated
tongue. My mouth was the driest it had ever been; absolutely zero
moisture in my mouth. All of it was taken away by that braid and
whatever monsters had crafted it. I didn’t notice until later how sore
the underside of my tongue was. Dirty little fingers had been pushing on
my salivary glands, wringing my mouth dry of every drop of moisture.

Just as I thought I could catch my breath, a sticky, cackle-like noise
was ejected from my derelict throat when one of my fingernails was torn
from its roots.

The pain was unlike anything I had ever felt. I’d had night terrors of
being eaten alive, cut in half, suffocated, shot, maimed, everything—but
this was real. The extraordinary, iridescent world around me with
impossible plants and purple skies belonged in a dream, that was for
sure. Yet, this was my reality.

Another nail torn off.

I convulsed and tried to pull away to no avail. More senses had returned
to me, revealing I was bound and unable to move. I felt great metal
teeth holding my ankles and wrists firmly in place. Thin strands of
something were stretched all across my naked body, tethering me to the
unnatural earth below.

I could feel my now bald head on the cool soil, accompanied by a
throbbing residual sensation all over my body; every hair on my body had
been plucked out, leaving me with a cold I had not known since birth.

I blinked furiously to try to clear my vision, but my glasses were gone.
Through dry, near useless eyes I squinted, seeing small forms all around
me.

Another nail.

I tried to yell, plead with whoever was doing this to stop, but I could
only cry and whine like a wounded animal, my tongue sandy and useless. I
squinted hard and craned my neck towards the bright eyes looking down at
me. It was nigh impossible to make it out in the fantastic purple
moonlight, but it seemed as if the eyes belonged to a small human-like
figure, no more than two feet tall. It was no man.

Rip!

I winced and tried to make sense of what I was seeing. Not a small man.
Not an ape. Not even sure it was an animal! Just a small thing, that
looked like a man. The only thing to be seen in the silhouette was
patches of hair and bright eyes. I could almost discern a great bushy
beard below those haunting eyes.

Squelch…

There were dozens of them, all around me. I should have been able to see
them clearly. I am nearsighted, for God’s sake! Yet, it was as if my
system didn’t want me to perceive them. Or maybe it was they who didn’t
want to be perceived.

Each of them wore some kind of adornment. One wore dried, cracked
antlers. Others wore straps and sashes of leather and hair. Some wore
what I can only describe as armor made of bones and other materials. The
one standing over me, burning my soul with those eyes, wore a headband
with a kinked chipmunk tail attached, a white tuft of hair on its end.

“Not possible,” the thought came. “Not real… nope, no way!”

Pop!

Writhing helplessly and eyes bulging, I saw others further away, working
in and around small huts. One wove many different kinds of hair into
intricate braids. Another wrung out the bile, spit, and phlegm that once
belonged to me from the braid into some kind of ivory basin. And another
was putting together some kind of scaled armor from some wet, glistening
scales. Not fish scales. Fingernai—

Tear!!!

My back arched in revolt. I writhed in the dirt, a panic and terror that
I never knew possible had overcome me. My eyes flicked to each of the
creatures. Nothing clear about them but burning eyes and ceremonial
items. I looked down and saw twenty bloody stumps in the places of my
fingertips and toes. Each limb locked into place by great iron bear
traps. And for good measure, countless strands of fishing line held the
rest of my body still.

I wouldn’t realize until much later that the bear traps were not fully
activated, saving me from the hell of two broken wrists and ankles. They
simply held with enough pressure to keep me immobilized and draw blood.

I am grateful for this mercy, yet I realize now what they were saving me
for.

Unable to even shed a tear, I frantically looked all around me. One tall
being adorned in clothes made out of human hair and wrinkled cuts of
leather approached me. It walked slowly and methodically. I heard its
long leather robe dragging through the strange grass, accompanied by a
clinking like that of a wind chime. The thing wore a patchwork leather
belt with various bones attached, dangling from braids of hair. Blinking
rapidly to clear my eyes revealed that none of the bones were human, as
far as I could tell. The brief respite the knowledge provided melted
away when another bone object peeked at me from behind the grim chimes.

It had a blade.

This was it for me. I was kidnapped by some fucking psycho aliens or
some shit and going to be sacrificed. Fucking hell, oh Jesus Christ,
what the fuck! Just please let it be quick, don’t let them cut off my
junk or something please, oh god, please.

It drew nearer, and I saw the blade it held clearly. It was half of the
jawbone of some small predator, a fox likely, with jagged, blackened,
ivory teeth that looked as if they had been burned by something. The
thing raised it to the heavens and all the beings around me grew still.

An eerie silence enveloped the entire wood. The priest-thing called
something in a voice I could not comprehend. After a beat, all of them
began chanting and singing in deep and high throaty voices that both
pierced my ears and soothed my soul.

The chants grew and grew. Starbursts in the sky grew larger and
brighter. Plants and fungi swayed around me, bending towards and away
from me. Terror and euphoria vied for control within me. The glistening
jaw shone above me like a comet. I expected it to come flying down, to
sink into my heart, neck, eyes, anything. Instead, it drifted down
leisurely and with great care.

Instead of rending flesh, the jaw-knife began expertly severing the
fishing line holding me down. 

“Oh, thank god,” cried a voice in my mind, “They’re letting me go!”

They weren’t. Not yet.

As the holds on my body were stripped away, I tried to move, tried to
sit up, but I couldn’t. Wouldn’t. I was so terrified yet so calm, so
serene. What beautiful music they made around me. What terrible words
they said! I couldn’t possibly leave when they had done all this just
for me!

“I’ll just lie down and rest,” I thought, “they’ll take good care of—

“I gotta get out of here!” Their damn chanting was messing with me. It
was so beautiful, so horrific. I loved and hated it. Feared and desired
it.

As I fought an internal war, four of the things calmly approached my
limbs and wound back the bear traps, gently lifted my hands and feet,
lovingly placing them in the grass.

I tried so desperately to rise to my feet, to start swinging, thrashing,
and screaming until every one of these little bastards were nothing but
mist. But I didn’t want to. Instead, I lay there, entranced by that
terrible, delightful music.

My attention, affectionate and disgusted, drifted back to the
priest-thing. It bent down and pressed the cool flat edge of the blade
to my naked arm. After a beat, it dragged the serrated teeth through my
skin with great care.

It hurt less than my fingers and toes, but still enough to make me dizzy
with pain. Another cut was made at a right angle to the first. Then
another. And one more. The priest-like thing, carefully peeled back the
square of my flesh it had carved and handed it to another, who placed it
lovingly into another ivory basin. Another being briskly approached and
knelt down, cupped its hands over the square of exposed muscle,
whispered something, and retreated. A lightly bleeding, geometric scab
replaced the once open wound.

The priest began again. Another square of flesh removed, the flesh
collected, the wound scabbed. This carried on for years as they sheared
every inch of my body, leaving me a bloodied checkerboard across every
fold and wrinkle. I writhed and groaned through all of it, their
euphoric chants keeping me just docile enough to allow them this
ceremony. Their beautiful music even convinced me to flip onto my
stomach when the time came to begin work on my backside. All I could do
was shift my head around and take in the world I had found myself in.

I saw everything much clearer now. All around me the things swayed and
chanted. Some danced, some worked, some blew through whistles and horns
made of bone, dead wood, and smithed metal.

Their clothes, tools, and houses were all built from both man-made and
biological items. Hair and skin were used in every way possible. Bones
too, but as with the priest, I could see that none of the bones were
human. Every bone was from an animal. And that was the extent of it. No
meat, leather, or fur, save for the white tufted tail.

It was specially presented for me.

The leather and hair I had so intimately seen were clearly from people.
All different colors were present. Some tattooed, some freckled, some
old, some young. I saw one creature leisurely stitching a large,
checkerboard, patchwork quilt of all different human skins.

But why, I thought, why only animal bones and human skin and hair. Where
was the meat?  The human bones? Surely, I was going to be eaten! Why
else would they be doing this!

Other resources came into vision. Interwoven in the architecture of
their huts were more fishing lines and hooks. Bullet casings were used
like bricks. Other bear traps were chipped away piece by piece and
smelted into beautiful jewelry. Barrels of rifles were manipulated to
make horns and other wind instruments.

It hit me then. These things, whatever they were, recycled what man left
behind. Not the plastic bottles and granola bar wrappers of hikers and
campers, the trash left behind by hunters. Men who killed for sport. Who
left traps to maim bears and leave them to starve. Who left hooks
embedded in the bellies of fish. Who shot rodents in the backyard for
fun.

There was no animal leather or fur because they let nature decompose the
bodies. That was for the scavengers, worms, fungi, and bacteria. To eat
away at the bodies until there was nothing left but bones, fish hooks,
and other man-made litter. Then they came, collecting the things that
would not return to nature and put them to good use.

This much made sense. But why were they doing this to me? Why shave me,
carve me, and harvest all of my resources? Why use me up before finally
killing me? Why? Why? Why!?

The realization filled my mind like a drop of color in water.

Experience.

People must have profound experiences to change.

That was their goal all along. They knew what I had done. They collected
the white-tufted tail after my sin. They watched me and followed me all
my life, waiting for the right moment to punish me. To teach me so
intently and so carefully. They lured me out here, and with great
reverence, took every renewable thing from me. Every part of me that
would grow back.

This was my absolution. This was my moment to finally pay for my cruelty
and put the past to rest. I had sadistically taken that chipmunk’s life,
and they reverently took from me only what I could afford to lose.

I felt immense gratitude for the little beings that surrounded me. I
took pride in the experience they gave me. I felt excitement at the
prospect that I have not been the only one to have been blessed by them.
That anyone who had so callously and cruelly harmed animals would be
given the same experience I had. That one day, the symbols would appear
before them, and lead them here, to this revelation.

That is why you must follow them. I write this now, months later,
adorned in checkerboard scabs and partially regrown nails to ask you,
beg you, to follow the symbols. They sent me home; you have nothing to
fear. They want to help you, to free you of your sins. You can’t inflict
this experience upon yourself. It is not the act of being harmed that
will save you. It is the experience. One that you must face; that you
must embrace. Face the full raw terror of your guilt, shame, fear, lust,
whatever ails you. They can help you, but you must submit yourself to
them. All you have to do is follow the symbols.

I can’t wait for you to meet them.
