I heard from a friend that this is the place to submit stories about
paranormal or horrific things that have happened to you. Get advice,
solutions, answers. If you’re willing to offer that, I’ve written
everything I remember.

But if you know what my name is already, and you want me to leave this
freezer, click off now. Don’t leave a comment. Don’t DM me. I’m not
leaving until I die, no matter what any of you say.

For context, I work at a Subway. I won’t say where, it’s not like it
matters, but my small town was in the middle of a heat wave, par for the
course in summer and early fall. Nobody’s ever surprised or even that
bothered by it, just make sure you have working AC.

I think that’s the first thing that tipped me and Joseph off. Our
coworker Nicholas was complaining about the store being too cold. Our
work uniforms include pants no matter the weather, so the usual
complaint is the exact opposite. And in addition to that, he brought
along a hot cup of coffee to work. Having a drink isn’t anything to
raise an eyebrow at; keeping something in the back to sip on between
customers is a long-held tradition. But a hot cup of coffee in the
middle of a heatwave wasn’t particularly common.

Nicholas said he’d found an independent coffee shop a few blocks away,
and the taste won out over the warmth. I believed him. I didn’t think
anything of it. Why would I? We made a few jokes about him being
replaced with a demon or an alien from the sun, and all of that died
down when dinnertime swung around and we had to focus on orders. Nobody
brought it up when the same thing happened the next shift. I didn’t even
notice until I recalled it.

God damn it.

Two days later, Hannah walked in with a cup of coffee from that same
store. And she complained that the store was cold. Nicholas wasn’t
working that day, but we still jabbed at their apparent similarities in
good fun. Since the two of them closed the previous night, we shared the
thought that he might have infected her with his flaming spores.

God fucking damn it.

Call me an idiot if you want. But nobody thinks they’ll be proven
correct when they say something outlandish like that. How many times
have you cracked a joke about some tiny change or odd trait being a
symptom of something greater? How many times have you laughed at a
conspiracy theory because you know it can’t be true?

Am I an idiot for thinking this time wasn’t different than any other
time? Last month, we joked that Louis was actually from a mirror
dimension, since he used his right hand instead of his left to make
subs. All that had really happened was a minor bruise on the drive here.
Expecting anything else didn’t occur to us beyond the human urge to
crack a joke about it.

But the thing that tipped the scales a little happened two days after
Hannah started bringing in coffee.

Nobody was in the lobby. She was in the back talking to Cole about
something unimportant. All I remember was trying to move past them,
drink in hand. It didn’t have a lid. Hannah stepped back into me
unaware, spilling the iced Pepsi all over her back.

And then she screamed and moved faster than I’d ever seen a person move.
Before I had time to think or apologize, I was on the floor slumped
against the counter, my shoulder wet from a small trickle of blood, my
ears ringing. Hannah was sitting too, leaning against Nicholas and
sobbing. Cole didn’t know what to do with himself.

It was agreed that I’d go home early, but get the full payment for the
remaining hours in my shift. Hannah would cover it, she was about to
clock off anyway. She profusely apologized over text while I drove home,
an ice pack on my bandaged limb. She said that she’d been injured on her
back earlier, and the soda really stung. She didn’t mean to shove me so
violently.

She probably got my number from Joseph, I thought. I never did ask her,
though. And I never asked how she got injured, or when, or why she
didn’t bring it up. Tiny little inconsistencies aren’t the kind of thing
you think about. You read mystery stories where every detail matters,
everyone’s on the lookout for specks and crumbs. You get on your hands
and knees to find a speck of black fabric stuck between the floorboards.

But if you don’t know you’re in a story, you could step over the most
obvious clue and never give a damn. Why bother looking for an answer to
a question you’ve never been asked? There’s no mystery. There’s no
conspiracy. The world spins on, and sometimes things just happen.

I didn’t think like that when I returned to work three days later, and
found four cups of coffee in the back, with names on them. Hannah, Cole,
Martin, Nadia.

Joseph was closing with me and Hannah that day. Hannah left the store to
toss some of the recycling. When it was just me and Joseph, he cornered
me and asked if I had also noticed the warmth, the coffee, the aversion
to anything cold. While I was gone, Joseph was the only one who ever
went into the walk-in freezer or fridge. It wasn’t just the four cups
this shift. Every shift he’d had, everyone else was changed. He’d
finally noticed, really noticed, and as he spoke my own pieces fell into
place.

I remembered countless little details my mind had long thrown out for
being unimportant. The way they handled cold ingredients. The way they
put on two layers of gloves. The way they never stunk of sweat after a
long day of running around the store in the heat and humidity. I
wondered why I never saw it before, quickly realizing that I did. I just
didn’t care to think about it.

Joseph had his back to the door leading out, as he asked me what I
thought. If I believed him that there was something sinister going on.
And out of the corner of my eye, I saw Hannah looking and listening in,
through a barely visible crack in the door.

In that instant, I told Joseph nothing important was happening. If they
wanted to bring in boiling hot coffee during a scorching summer, so be
it. He walked away when Hannah entered, and we finished closing in
silence. I left before the two of them did.

Laying in bed that night, I remembered something else. Hannah and
Nicholas closing together.

I had told Joseph he was crazy, and now he was more than likely gone.

Still in bed, unable to sleep, I checked my phone.

Tomorrow, I was scheduled to close with Joseph.

Maybe I shouldn’t have gone into work. But part of me believed my own
lie, that there was no correlation or conspiracy. Joseph must have been
seeing a pattern that didn’t exist. It wasn’t that I didn’t trust him;
he was a good friend even before we were coworkers. I just didn’t see
the pattern.

But I did. And I didn’t want to admit it.

Every single second that passed during that shift, everyone acting
friendly, Joseph not blaming me for anything or showing any signs of
hostility, made my skin crawl. He didn’t even give me the cold shoulder.
I had walked into a den of monsters because I refused to admit that’s
what they were. Go ahead, call me an idiot. I was an idiot.

Five cups of coffee, one with the name Joseph plainly written in
sharpie, and a store that felt just a little bit warmer than usual. I
didn’t complain about the heat. I didn’t make an excuse to leave. They
were going to kill me and didn’t do anything about it. For what? A job I
could get anywhere else? To prove that nothing was happening? Because I
wanted to die?

I knew what was going to happen when everyone started clocking off. When
Joseph and I moved to the back of the store to start closing. I knew I
was walking to my death. And I walked anyway, sweating bullets and
breathing unsteady, but never leaving. Why. Why didn’t I run. Why didn’t
I fight.

Just above the dishwasher, on the metal knife rack, I saw his reflection
as he talked about the show he was watching.

How can you tell yourself that you’re past the point of no return? What
makes someone want to hide a zombie bite from their friends? How can you
know you’re addicted and still refuse to stop? What makes a brain betray
itself? How can you kill yourself while screaming that you want to live?

In the middle of a sentence, in the middle of a word, Joseph’s face
split open. Teeth and mandibles burst forth in less than a second. Eyes
turned black. His voice didn’t change in the slightest, no sound
interrupted his speech. His hand landed on my shoulder, just above the
place that was bleeding a few days before. I didn’t even feel it. If I
wasn’t looking at the reflection, I’d have no idea.

As fast as I could, I threw open the door to the walk-in freezer. When
the cold air hit us both, he jumped back shouting in pain, and his hand
left my shoulder. I ran into the freezer, slipping a bit and landing
hard on my chest and elbows. The door shut behind me, and the metal
barrier between us kept out any sound he was making outside.

I scrabbled to the back, as far away from the door as I could get. Smoke
was rising from my shoulder, giving way to something black and solid
that fared far worse in the cold than any other part of me. But I
couldn’t sense a change in the flesh unless I touched it with another
hand. It didn’t feel like an injury. Just a cold

Fucks sake, he did give me a cold shoulder.

My life is a joke. I’m dying in a freezer, writing down all of this as
if it’ll save me, and laughing like an insane person because I got the
cold shoulder.

The worst part about it was the fact that it didn’t feel bad beyond the
chill. It felt like my shoulder, just freezing far more than any other
part of me. If I didn’t look at or touch it, I almost forgot that
anything had happened to it. My brain still refused to admit what was
going on unless it was right in front of me.

This isn’t happening, it told me. You’re going to wake up soon and this
will be forgotten. The world moves on.

I took off my apron and wrapped it around the limb, not wanting to look
at the transformation any more. Instead, I looked up at the temperature
control. It was kept in the freezer, which apparently wasn’t rare, and
meant he couldn’t change a thing about the cold unless he came in.

If these monsters couldn’t handle a splash of iced soda or a chilling
breeze, I was more than safe in here. Of course, I couldn’t leave
without exposing myself to their warmth. My perfectly defended cage.

A minute later, the door opened, just a crack.

I remember what happened after that perfectly. No matter how my brain
tries to shove it away, I won’t let it forget or deny what’s happening.

“Abby. Come out of the freezer.”

I didn’t respond. I didn’t know how to respond.

“It won’t hurt, I promise. I’m still your friend.” I knew it wouldn’t
hurt. My shoulder, for all its changes, didn’t hurt beyond the freezer’s
frigidity. But that didn’t ease any of my fears.

“You’re going to kill me,” I said.

“No.” His voice was human. There was nothing about his voice that even
indicated he was a monster. No luring song, no raspy tint. If I hadn’t
seen what he looked like, if I didn’t notice the drinks, I wouldn’t
suspect a thing. If whatever he was didn’t hate the cold, I never would
have known.

“I was scared too, okay? When the others confronted me, when I first
joined. But it passes. I promise it passes. And you feel better when
it’s done, but you don’t feel different. I’m still Joseph. And you’ll
still be Abigail.”

“And how do I know you’re not lying to me?”

“You don’t. But if you stay in there, you will die. And it will hurt.
And then we’ll find a way to get you in the morning, and you’ll join us
anyway.”

My breathing started to become erratic. I could see the clouds in front
of my face. “Please.” I didn’t even know what I was asking for. It was
clear what the monster wanted. It wouldn’t spare me, I knew that.

“Abby, once we have enough people, we can make the world better. You
won’t have to worry about keeping up with a job just to afford to live.
Nobody will starve or go without shelter. Weapons of war will all be
thrown away. The world will heal.”

I wanted to believe him. I wanted to believe that the world could be
saved if I gave up. Would I really rather die for nothing?

His voice wasn’t angry in the least. It was as patient as a mother
soothing their scared child. “Come out of the freezer. Please. You can
trust me.”

But it wasn’t Joseph. I knew that for a fact. Whatever they were, they
weren’t perfect copies, and I didn’t trust whatever he had become. To
hell with your utopia. I took out my phone, and dialed 911.

He stayed silent outside as the click of someone picking up quietly
played in my ears.

The dispatcher’s voice was calm and firm. “911, what’s your emergency.”

“I…” For a moment, I thought about telling the truth. I thought about
what would happen if the cops arrived and didn’t know what they were
getting into. But I knew they wouldn’t believe me anyway. Maybe they
could help without knowing the truth. “I’ve been locked in a walk-in
freezer by my coworker, I don’t know what he wants but he sounds
deranged. It’s the Subway on-”

“Abigail.” Her calm voice felt like a metal spike stabbing into my ear.
“You can trust us. Come out of the freezer.”

The phone dropped from my hands. The dispatcher’s voice, or whoever’s
voice they had stolen, continued for a while until they hung up. It
remained silent outside.

I didn’t dial again. Maybe I should have. Maybe the thing outside would
just kill whoever arrived, if the next operator wasn’t another one of
them. Maybe the cops weren’t taken, and knew how to deal with them.
Maybe the world was being taken over silently and calmly. Maybe the only
human left was in this freezer.

I’m going to call my parents, some other members of my family, close
friends from outside work. See how many of them are still alive.

But I’m doing this first. I need answers.

If you know about these things, how fast are they? How weak to the cold
are they? Are they a hive mind or something else? Can I run and escape
just by going fast? If I take some of the frozen stuff, can I use it to
fight back? Are they just toying with me, and I’m dead as soon as they
decide to stop playing with their prey?

Even if you don’t have answers, even if you don’t have a solution, I
guess it’ll just be nice to know that there’s other people out there who
are just as scared as me.

I’m going to die in here if you don’t find a solution for me, though I
don’t know how long it will take. I already feel the beginnings of
frostbite on most of my limbs, and my shoulder feels like it’s going to
fall off. Then again, maybe it’s not.

Maybe frostbite won’t set in. Maybe I’m going to be okay. Maybe I can
set the temperature to the perfect number, to keep it cold but not
enough to kill me. Maybe moving around without getting too close to the
door can keep me warm enough. Maybe it can’t. Maybe I was dead the
moment I walked into the store today, choosing not to fight or flee.
Maybe this is what I get for being such an idiot.

Maybe, for the crime of baring my neck and closing my eyes, I deserve to
have my throat ripped out.

Please. If you’re here, if you’re human, tell me.

I don’t want to die alone.
