I was 7 when I first remember playing the game, if you can even call it
a game. It didn’t have any sort of formal name like most games kids
play. There were no strict instructions to follow, no prize for the
winner, no explanation of how to play. Just one simple rule. If you hear
a car coming up the driveway, hide!  

It was innocent, or at least it seemed that way at the time. Anytime we
heard a car coming up the driveway, we’d drop whatever we were doing and
scatter for our hiding spots. Sometimes someone would yell hide, other
times we would all just do it without a word, giggling the whole time.  

For two years we played that game, and for two years it stayed just
that, a game. Looking back, none of us could remember where the game
came from in the first place. No one taught it to us. No one suggested
it. It was just something we’d always done. It never seemed like
anything more than just a silly way to pass the time…until it wasn’t. 

 

For reference, my family lived in an isolated neighborhood deep in the
Blue Ridge Mountains, a sub-region of the better-known Appalachian
Mountains.  

When I say isolated, I mean 30 minutes from the closest town with a
grocery store. There were a handful of houses scattered along a
five-mile gravel loop, with our house sitting at the very end. It was,
by all accounts, the perfect place for a child to grow up.  

Miles of wilderness stretched in all directions, teeming with deer,
bears, and turkeys for us to hunt. A stream ran at the base of the
mountain, providing us with opportunities for fishing and swimming. Life
was simple and full of joy. No traumatic experiences, no troubling
times, just a simple life in the country surrounded by those I love. 

 

It was mid-August, informally known in the South as “The dog days of
summer.” The air was hot and thick with the kind of humidity that only
comes after a recent summer thunderstorm. A truly terrible experience
for most people, but the perfect summer day for a group of four young
siblings.  

My brother and sister, the twins, Michael and Erin, stood on one side of
a pop-up volleyball net. My oldest brother, JT, and myself stood on the
opposite side.  

The air was filled with harmless insults and laughs, as we played what
could only be described as the worst excuse for a volleyball game in the
history of the sport. Which is about what you’d expect from a
nine-year-old, two eleven-year-olds, and a fourteen-year-old who’d never
played volleyball before. 

 

My sister Erin was the first one to hear the sound of crunching gravel
underneath a tire. In unison, as if we had practiced it everyday of our
lives, we all made eye contact and simultaneously screamed “hide!”  

I bolted for the back of my dad’s track, my typical hiding place. JT and
Michael fought for a spot behind the large sycamore tree, per usual. And
Erin, feeling adventurous, switched up her usual spot in the garage in
favor of crouching behind our raised garden beds.  

As we quickly settled into our respective positions, the loud crunch of
gravel and a struggling engine eased closer and closer. I crouched down
in the truck bed, head tucked between my knees, not daring to look.  

That was an unspoken rule of the game. Aside from hiding when a vehicle
was coming, the only other stipulation was to not look at the car as it
passed. Nobody told us this rule, and nobody enforced it. It was just
something we all did, as it just felt like the appropriate thing to do.
The old “If I can’t see them, they can’t see me” kind of mantra. 

 

Everything was happening exactly as it had every time before. The
vehicle was right in front of our house now, with no indicator that it
was going to stop. That is until, to my right, I heard Michael yell
“Move!”  

My head instinctively shot up and looked towards the sound of his
cry. My eyes were met with the sight of my oldest brother, JT, lying on
the ground as if he had just been pushed down. Evidently, Michael had
won the spot behind the Sycamore tree.  

Whereas typically when this happened, the loser would just climb to the
top of it, on this day, JT must have decided he wasn’t willing to give
the location up without a fight. Which prompted Michael to shove him out
of the way.  

From my position I could make out three distinct things:  

First, Michael was staring down at JT with wide eyes.  

Second, JT was staring toward the driveway. His face had gone
completely  pale. I’d never seen him look that scared before, but in
that moment he looked like  he was  seconds away from crying.  

Third and most notably, I heard a car door open in the direction JT
was looking. 

 

Scrambling to his feet, JT made an attempt to run towards the front
door. Based on his response, I half expected to see someone sprint after
him and drag him back to the vehicle. For this reason, I refused to look
towards the vehicle, now parked in front of our house.  

As he reached our front porch and scrambled up the steps, I sat
perfectly still in horrified anticipation of what was going to come
barreling out of the car and grab my brother. And as he reached the
front door and reached for the knob…nothing. My older brother stepped
inside and shut the door behind himself.  

Michael and I made eye contact and reflected a puzzled look towards each
other, and as if we read each other’s mind, slowly turned our heads
towards the direction of the car. As our gaze fell upon the location of
the vehicle, our jaws dropped at what we saw.  

The car was gone. We hadn’t heard it leave, we didn’t see its taillights
further down the driveway. It had simply vanished without a trace. 

 

I hopped out of the truck, meeting Michael and Erin at the front steps,
and we all made our way inside the house. Not knowing what to expect, we
slowly opened the door, only to be met by JT sitting on the couch eating
a bag of chips.  

As we stared at him curiously, his eyes met ours and he frowned. “What
are you staring at? Quit being weird,” he said in an annoyed tone.  

We gathered in the living room and began to question him.  

“What happened?” I blurted out.  

“Yeah, what did you see?” Michael asked.  

“Was it a monster?” I asked.  

Erin, on the other hand, did not ask a question. She just sat there
quietly, staring at our oldest brother with a sense of caution.  

“What are you talking about?” JT asked with genuine confusion in his
voice.  

“The car!” Michael said, “What was in the car?”  

JT, as if the previous 10 minutes had never happened, looked at all of
us like we lost our minds and asked, “What car?” 

We couldn’t believe it. Either our brother was the greatest gas-lighter
in history, or he genuinely had no recollection of the events that had
just transpired. We continued to prod him with questions, and each time
he only became more confused, claiming that the last thing he remembers
is playing volleyball and then coming inside for a snack.  

What bothered me most wasn’t that he couldn’t remember. It was that
he didn’t seem capable of remembering. It wasn’t the way someone acts
when they’re lying. It was the way someone acts when you’re asking about
something that never happened. 

 

Growing tired of our endless questions, he stood up and went to his room
to take a nap.  

As Michael and I continued to discuss the matter, we noticed
Erin hadn’t said a word since we entered the house.  

Our attention turned to her and we noticed she seemed to be in deep
thought.  

“Erin?” I asked cautiously.  

As if she snapped out of a trance, Erin looked at both of us and spoke.
“You didn’t see it did you?”  

“See what?” Michael asked.  

“The car. Neither of you looked at it, did you?” asked Erin.  

Michael and I shared a concerned look before he responded “No. When we
turned towards it, it was gone.”  

Erin, unsettled, squirmed in her seat and continued “I was behind the
garden beds. I couldn’t make out much from my angle, but I saw JT and I
saw the car door open. There was…”  

Erin struggled to find the words to describe her thoughts. “There was
nothing there.”  

I tilted my head and gave Erin a confused look before I corrected her.
“You mean there was nobody there?”  

She turned to me and reiterated “No! I mean there was NOTHING there.
When the door opened, it was as if…as if I was staring into a void.
There was nothing but darkness. No driver, no seats, no steering wheel.
I couldn’t even see the interior of the windows or windshield.”  

Michael chimed in after processing what she said “What are you saying
Erin?”  

Erin looked him straight in the eyes “I’m saying that there was nothing
in that car! And I don’t know what JT saw in the nothingness, but
whatever it was, it was enough to make him run in terror.” 

 

The three of us sat there for what felt like hours, contemplating what
to do next. It was JT, of all people, that finally broke the silence
when he popped his head out of his room asking if we wanted to go back
outside.  

His sudden shout from down the hallway made us all jump before we,
against our better judgment, agreed to his proposal.  

JT walked slowly down the hallway, slipped on his shoes, and headed out
the door. Michael, Erin, and I followed him; albeit with a bit of
hesitancy.  

As we made our way down the front steps, we all stared daggers at the
spot where the car had sat earlier. Just as before, nothing was
there. No trace of anything ever being there at all. Just an empty
gravel road.  

But even still, we all stared. All of us except JT, who had already made
his way to the backyard, whistling a tune as if nothing had ever
happened. 

 

And life continued this way for some time. We wrote the event off as
overactive imaginations and things returned to normal. JT showed no
signs of anything being wrong, and the rest of us decided to never
mention the event again.  

That was until, about two weeks later, when we heard the familiar sound
of car tires on gravel. We all had the same thought, though Michael was
the first one to verbalize it when he yelled “Hide!”  

As we took off to different places, I couldn’t help but shake the
feeling that something was off.  

As I settled into the back of my dad’s truck, I peered over the tailgate
to see Michael and Erin underneath the porch. I quickly scanned the yard
to find where JT was hiding before panning my gaze back towards the
twins when I couldn’t find him.  

Though it was hard to make out from the distance I was at, I could see
Michael and Erin staring in the direction of the driveway. As my head
followed their line of sight, I quickly understood the reason for their
expressions.  

Sitting directly in front of the house, stopped right in the middle of
our gravel drive, was a car.  

It was black, or at least it used to be. Rust and sun damage had taken
its toll on the majority of the vehicle, giving it a decaying brown and
white color. It looked more suitable for a junk yard than a road.  

The vehicle looked like some kind of sedan, though
I couldn’t identify the make or model. No logo, no branding, not even a
license plate.  

The windows were dark. Not just tinted dark, but impossibly dark. A
darkness that made me feel uneasy. A darkness that if I stared into for
too long, would pull me in and never let go.  

Its engine grumbled as if it would give out at any second, and two
questions popped in my head as I observed everything.  

How did this car get up our driveway so quickly since we first heard it,
and how did we not hear it drawing closer during this time?  

All of this I noticed in the split second my eyes fell upon the car, and
a split second was all I had for my brain to process the information in
front of me. Because there was another, more pressing, issue that lay in
front of me.  

Standing no more than three feet from the side of the vehicle, was JT.
His body was standing perfectly still, with his eyes staring at the rear
door on the passenger side. He had no expression on his face,
and didn’t even flinch when I jumped out of the truck and screamed his
name. 

 

As if driven by pure instinct for the safety of my brother, I sprinted
as fast as my 9-year old legs could carry me towards where he stood.  

At about 20 feet away, I saw his hand begin to move towards the rear
door.  

At 15 feet away, his fingers grasped the handle.  

At 10 feet away, the door swung open. At 5 feet away, my attempt to
reach out towards him resulted in my legs stumbling, before I hit the
ground with a thud. My momentum carried me along the gravel to a point
just beside the back tire of the car.  

Pushing through my dazed state, I was able to lift my head to look up at
the car. From my position, I was looking directly up at the back seat,
or where the back seat should have been.  

Inside the car was pure darkness. No seat, no interior windows, nothing;
save for JT himself sitting down where the back seat should have been.  

As I tried to reach up towards him, his head slowly tilted down to look
at me. And what I saw next, will forever be burned into my brain.  

As my brother looked down into my eyes, there was no fear in his
eyes. No reservations about his current situation. There was nothing but
a smile. An unnatural and wrong smile. Too wide, too stretched out, too
uncanny. 

 

They never found my brother.  

The car door slammed shut and nicked the side of my head in the process.
The next thing I remember was coming-to a few minutes later to Michael
shaking me awake, and Erin screaming for our mom.  

The police showed up an hour later and put out an alert based on our
description of the vehicle. We tried to tell them the full story, but
the police only took down the information that they deemed reasonable,
and not the “imaginative thoughts of a few scared kids.” 

They put up “Missing Child” posters on every utility pole, newspaper,
and store window in the county. Search parties gathered to check the
local forests, in hopes that the kidnapper may have ditched the car and
gone into hiding.  

None of this worked.  

My family mourned the loss of my brother and had an “empty casket”
funeral two months later.  

As time went on, we recovered as best as we could. The twins and I never
talked much about that day after that. We all agreed it would be best to
put those bad memories behind us and try to move on.  

As for the game, it goes without saying that we stopped playing it.
Anytime we heard a car coming up the driveway, we didn’t just hide, we
ran inside. Even as teenagers, we would run inside out of terror that
one day that car might come back and take one of us. 

 

I’m 38 now.  

I have a great job, a beautiful wife, and 3 amazing kids. I live about
20 minutes from my childhood home, and still maintain a good
relationship with my parents and siblings.  

Life is relatively peaceful, save for the fact that I now find myself
reliving these traumatic memories all over again.  

I sit here and write these words, preparing to share them to any form of
media I can, to whoever may decide to read them. Maybe its out of
fear, maybe guilt, I’m not quite sure.  

What I am sure of is that yesterday, while peering outside the window to
check on my kids playing in the yard, I saw that same old car stopped in
front of my house. My three children stood beside it, its rear door
swung open wide.  

And in that pitch black interior, I saw the familiar face of my oldest
brother, staring up at me, and smiling from ear to ear. 
