If you are camping in Baxter State Park and you see trees marked with
red paint, please pack your bags and leave before it’s too late.

Let me preface this by saying that I’m not one who believes in cryptids
or supernatural stuff. I want to believe that there is a logical
explanation for what happened to me and my friend, but for the life of
me, I can’t find a rational answer. I’ve been camping since I was a kid,
but now I can’t find the courage to go back into the wilderness ever
again.

I’m a pretty experienced camper. I love traveling to different parks and
staying out there for 4–5 nights at a time. My friend Aaron and I had
planned on staying 5 nights in Baxter State Park in Maine. Aaron is also
very experienced and has gone with me on countless previous trips. He
knows these particular woods better than I do. So when he picked a spot
pretty far off from any trails, I didn’t question his decision. We chose
a spot near a tree that was marked with red spray paint. We planned to
leave the site every day to go hiking, so the paint made it an easy
landmark that would help us locate our campsite. The campsite was in a
small, open field about 30 yards north of the tree with red paint.

The first night was completely fine. We hiked out to a nice fishing spot
and then headed back to camp when the sun was setting. I distinctly
remember passing the painted tree on the way back. Unfortunately, this
was the last normal experience I’d have in that forest. Later that
night, I woke up to the sound of what seemed like a tree about to fall.
I could hear the cracking of branches followed by loud creaking noises.
The odd part was that there was no thud. It’s as if the tree never hit
the ground. What made it weirder was that the forest still seemed to be
rustling. Although now more faint, I could still hear the cracking of
branches and lots of commotion. I was still half asleep, so I chalked it
up to there just being a large animal making noise.

In the morning, we went out on another hike. As we left camp, I glanced
around for any recently fallen trees, just to be sure. There was
nothing. We continued with our day as usual until deciding to cut it
short and head back in order to prepare dinner. On the way back, we
couldn’t spot the tree with red paint. It was odd, but we still managed
to make our way back to camp based on memory. Aaron was more confused by
the absence of the tree than I was. He kept going on about how he was
certain the path he had us on would’ve taken us right by the tree. To
confirm, he walked back over to the location of the tree, but it was
nowhere to be seen. When he told me this, I thought he must’ve missed
it, so I also investigated. Sure enough, the tree wasn’t anywhere to be
seen. I trust our spatial awareness, and I wholeheartedly believe we
were in the exact spot where the tree should’ve been. I remembered the
sounds from the previous night having come from the direction of the
tree, so I thought that maybe it was the one that had fallen over.
However, after scanning the area, there was no sign of a fallen tree.
It’s as if the tree had just completely vanished. Although we were
confused, we didn’t keep looking for much longer and returned to the
campsite and went to bed.

Later, in the middle of the night, I was once again awoken by the same
sounds. It sounded like the forest was moving. The sound of trees
breaking and snapping was unnaturally loud. It was much louder than
small branches snapping. It was like a whole trunk was being broken in
two. I still told myself that it was just a large animal, most likely a
bear. I should’ve investigated it to be sure, but it sounded distant,
and I didn’t want to risk an encounter with an animal.

That morning, we went hiking to another fishing spot nearby. This is
when things got really strange. On our hike back, we took the main trail
and walked past an older couple who were also out camping. They saw our
fishing gear and asked if we caught anything. We started having a pretty
casual conversation, but the whole tone shifted when the husband brought
up hearing trees fall in the night. It was their first night camping,
and I told him that we had been hearing loud noises in the night for
multiple days now. I asked him if he was able to find the fallen trees,
but he said they couldn’t find anything. Then I asked him what direction
he heard it from.

“It was right over there, near that tree with red paint on it,” he said
as he pointed off toward the distant tree line.

Aaron and I looked at each other with confusion and an uneasy feeling.
It’s very possible that multiple trees had been marked with paint in
these woods. Maybe there was logging scheduled soon. Despite all logical
conclusions, both of us were put on edge by the mention of a tree with
red paint. All four of us walked over to look for a fallen tree, but I
was more interested in finding this tree with red paint. When we got
closer, I asked the man where the tree with red paint was.

In a confused tone, he said, “It should be right here. That’s strange.
Maybe I’m mistaken.”

His wife chimed in. “No, it was definitely here. It was pretty easy to
spot because of the bright red.”

Now things felt really off. What are the chances that two different
groups spot a tree with red paint, and then both trees seem to vanish
into thin air?

We continued on our hike to the fishing spot. On the way, all we could
talk about was the tree with red paint. It was such a strange
coincidence, and we couldn’t figure out a logical explanation. Despite
this, we tried to forget about it and focus on fishing and the beautiful
scenery. We didn’t want these strange events to ruin the vibe of the
trip.

The day came to an end, and I was once again awoken by loud rustling in
the forest. I ignored it and went back to bed. When morning arrived,
Aaron and I decided to take a break from hiking and spend the day at
camp. While eating lunch, Aaron got up to go take a piss. He walked over
to the tree line, which was close by. It was maybe 20 yards away at
most. One thing I feel I need to stress was that he had walked in the
opposite direction of where we had initially spotted the tree with red
paint. I didn’t think anything of it and continued eating with my back
facing the direction where Aaron was peeing.

In a shocked voice, Aaron shouted to me, “I found the tree with red
paint. It’s over here!”

Immediately after he said this, the forest began to rumble again. It was
the same sounds I had been hearing every night. I could hear loud snaps
of branches and a deafening creaking noise, the kind you hear from large
trees swaying in heavy winds. I couldn’t see Aaron anymore, and I became
concerned, so I started calling out his name. My guess was that the tree
couldn’t have been far from the tree line, so if he walked into the
woods to investigate it, he only would’ve walked a few feet. He was
definitely close by, given the fact that I could hear him. However, as I
called out his name, I didn’t get a response.

I began to panic. I thought maybe a bear or something had attacked him
in the woods and that’s what caused the loud noises coming from the
forest. But I didn’t hear any screaming or cries for help. It’s like he
vanished.

I ran over to where he was, and I couldn’t find him anywhere. By now,
the loud crashing of branches had reduced to a distant rustling of
leaves. I continued calling out his name, but there was nothing. It
didn’t make sense. How could he go from within earshot to completely
gone in less than 30 seconds?

My heart was racing. I didn’t know what was happening, but I knew
something was terribly wrong. I began to sprint through the forest,
following the sound of distant commotion in the trees. Unfortunately,
the dense woods slowed me down, and eventually the forest returned to
silence.

I ran back to camp, all while still screaming out for Aaron. I went to
investigate the spot where I last heard him. I thought that if something
happened, maybe I could track him by tracing his steps. I walked back to
the tree line and found his canteen, which he had laid next to him on
the ground. I even found the puddle of pee where he had been doing his
business. But that’s about it. His footprints went only a couple more
feet before coming to an abrupt stop.

What made it stranger was that I couldn’t even find the tree with red
paint. It’s a very bright red and is easy to spot, so if he spotted it
while peeing, it must be extremely close by. I circled the area multiple
times but found nothing. No tree, no Aaron.

In all the confusion, my heart was racing, but I tried to stay calm and
called 911.

I didn’t sleep for the next 72 hours. A search-and-rescue operation
started just 30 minutes after I dialed 911. I tried to help as much as I
could. I gave a description of Aaron and described where I last saw him
and what had occurred just moments before his disappearance. I felt
crazy for doing it, but I even brought up the tree and tried to stress
that I believed it had something to do with his disappearance.

As I expected, the police disregarded the whole tree thing. Under normal
circumstances, I would have as well, but something felt deeply wrong in
my soul. I don’t know what it was, but I know that tree had something to
do with Aaron’s disappearance.

To make matters even worse, the couple we had spoken to was also
reported missing. Apparently, police estimate that they disappeared just
a few hours before Aaron did. They were only reported missing after they
didn’t show up to a guided hiking session they had scheduled that day.

How fucking strange is that?

The couple also vanished without a trace. As far as I know, they were
the only other people who had a strange encounter with a tree with red
paint, and now they are missing as well.

After multiple nights, I had to get some sleep. I was at the point of
exhaustion. I packed mine and Aaron’s things and decided to get a motel
room. I wanted to be nearby the forest as the search continued.

As of writing this, it’s been just over a month since he went missing.
So far, all the rescue team has found is one of Aaron’s shoes. It was
discovered about 15 miles from where he had vanished. Nothing has been
recovered from the older couple.

I’m still at the motel. I can’t find it in me to leave Aaron in those
woods. I feel so distraught and angry. I honestly just want an answer as
to what happened. None of it makes sense. I can’t find any logical
explanation as to how or why he vanished, but all I know is that there
is something dark in that forest. I know that somehow, that tree is
connected to all of this.

It tears me up inside knowing that Aaron may never come back and I’ll
have no rational explanation as to why this happened to him. All I can
do now is warn others from experiencing the same fate.

If you’re out in the woods and you find a tree with red paint, please,
for the love of God, turn around and go home.
