It’s been years since I’ve been to Hardwood Island. In all that time, I
haven’t even been able to look at it. Not even when I cross the
Jonesport-Beals bridge and all I have to do is turn my head. But I think
about it. I think about Josie and what happened almost every day. 

I wasn’t going to write any of this down, but I’ve got ALS. Lou Gehrig’s
disease. Don’t get all choked up on my account. I’m an old fart and
nobody’s going to miss me anyway. But I guess there’s a part of me that
still wants someone to finish the job. Succeed where I failed. I might
be the only person alive that knows the secrets of the Bunker House and
how to get your hands on that necklace. And boy, if you do, you won’t
just be comfortable, you’ll be set for life.

If you grew up around here, you’ve heard all about Hardwood Island. It
belonged to a man named George Bunker. Had his mansion out on the island
overlooking his shipping operation. You can still see the wooden pilings
sticking up out of the water where the dock used to be.

Every year at the end of summer, George would have a big party. Throw
open the doors to his old colonial and invite all the workers. There’d
be drinking, fiddle music, and dancing. And making the rounds would be
George and his wife Francis Alice Bunker.

Francis was thirty years his junior. Said to be a great beauty. George
kept a close eye on her. Tried to make up for it by lavishing her with
gifts. Including a necklace with a 14-carat Maine tourmaline gem. One of
the rarest gemstones on Earth.

If you sold that necklace at auction today, what do you suppose it would
be worth? By my estimate, anywhere between four and five million
dollars. Better than a kick in the ass with a frozen boot, right?

Now what if I told you that necklace still existed? That all you had to
do was go out to Hardwood Island and lay claim to it? Not so fast. Not
until you’ve read my whole story. Otherwise you might end up spending
eternity out there with the rest of those poor devils.

They say George Bunker fell on hard times. The parties got fewer and
farther between. It got so no one heard from him or his wife for years.
Passing boats would catch sight of Francis standing in the window,
looking out to sea. At some point a piano was delivered and the mournful
sound of her playing could be heard across the harbor. Eventually, even
that stopped.

According to old newspaper archives, it was the mail carrier who found
them. Details of Francis’ death were withheld, except that she’d been
deceased for some time. George was found completely nude in the parlor,
covered in blood, likely dead from starvation.

Over time the legends only grew. Every now and then the breeze shifted
and folks on the mainland thought they heard faint piano music.
Sometimes people swore they spotted someone standing in one of the
upstairs windows, looking out.

By chance, it was my uncle who planted the seed in my mind. My
entanglement with Hardwood Island begins with his tale.

He’d been out to haul one afternoon in late summer and was just about to
turn in for the day when he thought he heard music coming from the
island. He’d just been out there pulling traps and hadn’t seen a soul.
It irked him mighty badly so he headed for the island around dusk.

As far as I know, I’m the only one he ever spoke to about what he saw. I
was only twenty-two when he took me inside the Rusty Anchor, ordered us
two ales and bent my ear about Hardwood Island.

“Now the first thing I noticed when I tied up was music coming from
inside. Sound of people laughing and clinking glasses. It sounded like
they were having a good ole’ time. So I went up and knocked on the door.
No answer, so I said to hell with it and went on in. Well, you should’ve
seen it. There were people dancing, talking. Must’ve been near a hundred
of them. They were dressed like the old days. Overalls and wool caps,
cotton dresses.”

“At first, no one paid me any mind. But the more I stared, the more they
started to take note. Then this old man arrived and I swear he wasn’t
wearing anything. Just there in his birthday suit. No one seemed to bat
an eyelash, in fact, they were all deferential, like he was the king. A
woman appeared at his side, beautiful, like you’d never seen. And she
had on a necklace that’d put the Crown Jewels to shame.”

“Now I couldn’t help but stare at that woman and her necklace. But as I
did, I noticed that the old man was starting to really lock in on me.
Not only that, but the rest of them seemed to stare more and more, until
the whole room stopped and they were just looking at me. I’ll never
forget the way that man glared at me. Like he could set me on fire with
that look. Well, I beat feet out of there faster than I don’t know what.
Got in my boat and never looked back.”

My uncle had polished off his second beer and was starting on his third,
but he’d had some time to think and had come up with a plan.

“I went out to haul the next day and passed by the island. It was just
about dawn. I could still hear ’em in there carrying on, but as soon as
the sun met the horizon, everything went quiet as a church mouse. Now I
think they were having a party like they did back in the old days. And I
bet if you went out there on that night at the end of summer, you’d
stand a chance of getting your hands on that necklace.”

He never had the gumption to go back out there himself, but his theory
stuck with me. 

A year passed and I was in love. Pretty young girl by the name of Josie
Gray. I was working at the lobster pound and she was the boss’ daughter.
Never said I had much sense. The boss would leave me to wait for the
last boats to come in and she’d come down and keep me company. We’d
spend almost every afternoon sitting on the old dock with our feet
dangling over the water.

Winter came and we saw each other less and less and I got determined to
make sure that never happened again. I got it in my head to marry that
girl and what better engagement present than a rare tourmaline necklace?

I had no idea how much the thing was actually worth back then. Just knew
it was special like Josie. I had a friend from high school named Thomas.
He was better than me at almost everything, including boating. It was
nearly September and I managed to convince Thomas to borrow his dad’s
skiff and take me out to Hardwood Island on Labor Day.

I met Thomas at dusk down at the wharf near the pound, ready to
commandeer his old man’s skiff. We were just getting ready to row out
when Josie came barreling down the gangway. She’d seen my truck go by
and got curious. I couldn’t come up with a decent excuse as to why Tom
and I were about to go out on the water at night and even worse,
couldn’t come up with a reason for her not to come along.

As the skiff approached the island, we started to hear the sounds.
Murmuring voices. Tinkling of glass. The strings of a fiddle. From the
water, we could see the dilapidated colonial aglow in candlelight. I
still remember the way the light danced in Josie’s eyes, the way she
stood out against the last streaks in the sky.

We docked, strode up the path, and slipped in the front door. Instead of
a dusty old house, it was like the place was brand new again. A
staircase with a red rug cascading down it, a brass railing, polished to
an inch of its life. The chandelier above shined like a thousand stars.

“What’s going on?”

It was Josie asking the obvious.

I looked around. To the left was a parlor where ladies were sitting. To
the right, the ballroom, where the workers were stamping their feet in
rhythm to the twang of a fiddle.

It was like my uncle said, if you didn’t look too long, no one seemed to
notice you. But if your eyes lingered, it was like they were drawn to
you.

That’s lesson number one. Keep your eyes to yourself.

I wasn’t sure what to do. I decided to go up the red staircase. Stay
away from the crowds. I took Josie by the hand and started to lead her
away. I wasn’t paying much attention to Tom.

He was gawking at everything and caught the eye of a barrel-chested man
smoking a pipe near the ballroom. Tom couldn’t stop staring. Little did
I know that Tom’s ancestor had worked for George Bunker and this here
man was familiar to Tom from the family photo album.

But Tom knew the man was long dead and couldn’t reconcile what he was
seeing. The man blew out a plume of smoke and turned his eyes through
the cloud of vapor.

“You there, boy. What do you think you’re doing? Get yourself in here
where you belong.”

It was like a spell fell over Tom. His legs moved on command. The man
ushered him into the ballroom and out of sight. That’s when I realized
some of the ladies were glancing at us.

I didn’t know how to help Tom, but I knew I didn’t want to end up in
there with him. I put my arm around Josie’s waist and hurried her up the
stairs.

We reached the second floor and a long corridor with rooms to either
side. The carpeting was an emerald green and the wallpaper was a pale
yellow with black diamonds.

A painful melody floated down the hall. It was the slow, delicate
playing of piano keys.

Like Tom, I felt the uncontrollable urge to move my feet. Josie too. We
took tentative steps, one at a time, all the way to the end of the hall
and the last room on the right.

The door was ajar. Like it had been left open for us. A key hung from
the lock, so as to lock the room from the outside.

A woman sat inside the room at an upright piano. Her hair was in ragged
tangles down her back and she wore a tattered nightgown, yellowed with
stains.

As she continued to play, we were drawn inside. I noticed on the ladies
vanity, resting on a tray, was an ornate necklace. The gem was
tourmaline.

The woman at the piano, who still hadn’t turned, lightly stroked one of
the keys.

Plink-plink-plink.

With each plink Josie took a step toward the vanity. Her eyes were
fastened on the necklace.

Thunk-thunk-thunk.

The woman brought her fingers down on the heavy, bass keys.

Josie, expressionless, took the necklace and clasped it around her neck.
As she stood in the mirror, she tilted her chin and placed an open hand
on her chest, like she was admiring herself.

Plink-plink-tonk.

Then the woman’s hands flew across the keys and she played a rapid,
chaotic tune.

Josie turned swiftly and strode from the room without paying me as much
as a glance. The woman stopped playing and began to giggle. It grew into
a coarse laugh. 

The break in the music brought me back to my senses. My feet moved on
their own again. I rushed after Josie.

As I stepped into the hall the door swung shut and slammed behind me.
From inside the tune began again. Josie was nowhere to be seen. I raced
down the corridor. 

Lesson number two. Beware the music. It will ensnare you.

When I got back to the lobby I scanned the room. Josie was now sitting
in the parlor amongst the other women. She seemed to be speaking with
them, all prim and proper, occasionally feigning a laugh.

I stole a glance to the ballroom and to my surprise Thomas was arm in
arm with the other dancers, careening around in a circle, jumping when
they jumped. He was grinning like a fool.

“Thomas! Tom!”

But I couldn’t be heard over the merrymaking. I strode toward the parlor
but the women were streaming out.

I glanced out at the sea. It seemed like the sky was starting to
lighten.

Rap-rap-rap.

From the top of the stairs, a cane stamped the floor. I looked up and
there was an old man with a white beard, holding the brass end of a
walking stick. He wore a felt top hat and nothing else.

The ladies arrayed themselves at the foot of the stairs. The workers and
their dancing companions crowded the opening to the ballroom to get a
glimpse of him.

And then to my surprise, Josie strode up the stairs and extended her
hand. He took it and pressed his withered lips to it and flashed a
smile. No one seemed to care that his pecker was just dangling out there
in the open or that his old saggy ass was free for all to see.

With utmost dignity, arm-in-arm, he and Josie strode down the steps. The
necklace sparkled around her neck.

I tried to intercept them. But I was caught in the crowd. We all poured
into the ballroom. The band struck up a waltz and my Josie and this pale
creamsicle of a man, if you could call him that, paraded around the room
to the adoring gazes of all. Thomas clapped his hands and stamped his
foot with the best of them.

In a panic, I pushed through the crowd toward the dancers. As they
twirled toward me, I reached out and grabbed the necklace. It tore from
her neck and the music abruptly stopped.

There in my hand was the necklace. The tourmaline glowed a surreal
neon-green.

My act seemed to have broken the spell. Josie pulled herself free of the
old man. Thomas too seemed to have come to his senses.

I looked up and the naked old man glared at me with a hatred that could
tear your heart out. The others all stood there in complete stillness,
eyes intent on the three of us.

Then we heard a weeping. Entering the ballroom was the woman who had sat
at the piano. I now know this was Francis Bunker.

She held a piece of piano wire in her hands, twisted around them,
digging into her flesh, the blood trickling to the floor. She crept up
to George. He stood there defiantly, and she took the piano wire and
wrapped it around her head. Then she started to pull.

The cord dug into her neck. She wiggled it back and forth so that it cut
deeper, all the while never taking her eyes off George. She was sawing
her own head off.

Josie grasped my hand, afraid. I couldn’t let her continue. I didn’t
know what to do.

“Stop!”

I slid the necklace across the floor to her feet. She stared at it
oddly, then released the wire. The poor woman bent down and slipped the
necklace back around her neck. For a moment she seemed at peace and
turned to see herself in the long mirror above the bar.

I looked into the mirror as well and in its reflection I saw a headless
body, just a stump for the necklace to hang around. The headless body’s
hand arched over her breast, as if to accentuate the necklace, just as
Josie had done when she first tried it on.

Everyone clapped. George stamped his cane in approval.

Thomas was running out the door before Josie and I could get our wits
together. The others seemed to notice our escape and began to crowd the
exit. The sky outside had further brightened at the approach of day.

I dragged Josie after me, fighting against the tide of bodies toward the
lobby.

We finally pushed our way through. I ran to the door and stepped
outside. I turned back and Josie’s skirt was caught in George Bunker’s
hand, trying to force her to stay. His face was red and he clung to her
like his salvation depended on it.

She tore free and rushed for the door. I turned to see the first rays of
dawn.

Josie stepped out beside me and linked her arm in mine and we ran like
the dickens. Down to the skiff. Thomas was already there with his hand
on the motor.

He drove her hard out into the harbor and toward the mainland. I
breathed a sigh of relief and looked over at Josie. Except she wasn’t
there. Thomas cut the engine and we looked around. I glanced into the
water, fearing she’d fallen overboard. Then Thomas pointed.

I looked back at Hardwood Island, back at the old colonial. And I
thought I saw Josie in one of the upstairs windows. She didn’t look out
with any emotion on her face. She seemed resigned.

As the sun rose, she vanished.

Third lesson, make sure you get out before daybreak, or you’ll never
leave again.

I write this on the last night of summer. Tonight I will row out and
take my place at the party. I was ready to promise Josie forever, and
the time has come to fulfill my vow.

If you’re reading this, maybe you can be the one to finally wrest the
necklace free from the island. There’s a chance it’ll even break the
curse that hangs over it and set us free.

Just remember, if you’re going to go to Hardwood Island, don’t stare,
don’t dance, don’t listen. Don’t bring anyone you care about. And for
pity’s sake, don’t stay past daybreak. 

And if you happen to see me amongst the guests, don’t call out to me. I
already have a dance partner.
