It all started about… I don’t know. Maybe a month? Or two? I’ve lost
track of days.

I had started having trouble sleeping. Not that I wasn’t sleepy, though.
I just physically couldn’t sleep. There were times when I was up until 3
in the morning. For instance, I’m usually a heavy sleeper, so this was
very concerning.

It was also affecting my work efficiency. I was constantly zoning out at
the office, eyes bloodshot. God, I can’t tell you how horrible it is. I
just wanted some rest. Rest that never came. My colleagues were also
starting to notice. To show you how agonizing my situation was; I barely
had about 7 to 9 hours of sleep in one week. I could not hear people
calling out to me and frequently got yelled at for it. I was so freaking
tired.

6 days in, my boss called me in to his office. He showed me my work
performance; and as you can expect, they were terrible. He got ready to
yell at me. But when he looked up and saw the bags underneath my eyes,
his words froze in his mouth. I could tell he understood. He looked down
at his desk in pity and rubbed his temples. “Samuel, you look like a
dead man walking,” he said, finally looking up at me. “Go home. Have
some rest. Come back after a week, okay?”. I almost snorted, because he
said rest as if I could even have any in the first place. But I didn’t
turn it down. Which sane person would? I thanked my boss and left the
building.

I knew driving would be way too risky, given my condition. So, I called
a taxi. As I got inside, I rubbed my eyes. It didn’t do anything. When I
arrived home, I stumbled out of the car and shuffled toward the front
door, muttering a curse under my breath as I fumbled with my keys. I
used the wrong key twice. I basically sleepwalked toward my room, pulled
the blinds and threw myself at the bed. I kept turning left and right
for God knows how long. The last time I stared at the clock before
finally dazing off, it was… what time was it? 2 AM? 4 AM? I don’t
remember. When I woke up, it was 7 AM. I wept tears of joy at the fact
that I had finally slept, albeit for 3 to 5 hours. This, dear friends,
is a blessing to a man who is cursed with insomnia. I practically
skipped down the stairs to the kitchen. I was pouring myself some cereal
when my phone buzzed. I glanced at it through half lidded eyes. It was
from Nicholas, a friend from work. I answered. “Samuel? Why are you
still here? I thought boss gave you free time!” I froze. “W-What do you
mean, Nicholas? I’m home.” A silence that felt like an eternity. “Then…
who is this person?” Before I could say anything, the line went dark. I
sat down, watching my cereal dissolve into the milk, all appetite gone.

The world suddenly felt tiny… claustrophobic. I felt the urge to throw
up. I climbed back into my room and looked out the window. My bedroom
overlooked the office building, so I could see it. I couldn’t stop
wondering… who was there? Dressed in my skin, equipped with my voice…

I’m now under therapy. My insomnia has vanished, but this time… I don’t
want to sleep. Because I know…

Whatever that thing is, may come for me. And I’m afraid what will happen
when it does.
