“That’s a big one!” I said, pointing out a brightly colored starfish to
my son. The specimen was a combination of red, orange, and purple. A
true work of art.

My boy knelt among the rocks and petted the echinoderm. At three years
old, my son was attentive, curious, and keen on making oceanic
discoveries. 

He and I had wanted to explore tide pools for months, but because of
work and other responsibilities, I hadn’t been able to make the trip.

Finally, after weeks of begging my supervisor, I got some days off. My
wife was busy at a work conference, so my kid and I made the three-hour
drive to the coast and booked two nights at a hotel. 

The beach wasn’t far from where we were staying, but it was a strenuous
hike down to the sand. Once we made it, the tide pool adventuring began.

“It’s so slimy,” my boy said, giggling as he prodded the sea star.

“You shouldn’t touch the starfish.” A gruff voice sounded behind us. 

We spun and saw an old man dressed in traditional fisherman attire. He
wore a yellow raincoat and galoshes and had a dark blue beanie. A
corncob pipe extended from his lips and a hostile expression filled his
face. His harsh appearance shook us from our exploratory mood.

“Excuse me?”

“It’ll curse you, touching them.”

I frowned, annoyed at this stranger’s intrusion. I figured he was some
nosy local pointing out a new marine law, so I pulled my son aside. “I’m
sorry, sir. We’ll keep our hands to ourselves.”

“Good,” the fisherman muttered, took a puff from his pipe, and continued
down the beach.

“Who was that?” my son asked as soon as the old man was out of earshot.
“Is he telling the truth? Can we really not touch the starfish?”

“Oh no, we’re touching them.” I watched the old man get further away.
“We just need to wait for Mr. Nosy to get out of our business.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was a good ten minutes before the fisherman was out of sight. Once I
was sure we were alone, we returned to the rocks to find more aquatic
creatures.

“Check these out!” I pointed out a group of mussels.

“They look like tombstones.”

Yeah, they kind of do, I thought.

We spent the next hour searching tide pools, and of course, every
starfish was adored. I snapped pictures of our experience, documenting
the adventure.

The best spot was a massive rock partly submerged in waves. One section
was completely covered in starfish. It allowed us to get close and
analyze their colorful bodies. 

“I told you not to touch them!” The fisherman’s voice boomed out across
the waves.

I turned and spotted our intruder. He was perched on a rock about ten
feet from shore, surrounded by chest-deep water. I wondered how he’d
even gotten out there.

“Listen,” I said, trying not to sound rude. “We just want to explore
some tide pools. We’re not hurting anything.”

“You think you’re so smart.” The old man frowned. “Just last month a boy
was dragged into the murky depths. The ocean doesn’t take kindly to
travelers harassing their sea stars.”

It was then I realized this man was crazy.

“Fine, then…” I gave him a stern look. “We won’t touch any more.” I
tugged my son’s arm. “Come on, let’s go.”

“Do we have to?”

“Yes, we’ll get lunch. Then come back and do some more exploring.”

My son hung his head as we retraced our steps back to the trail. It was
a steep climb to the parking lot, but it wouldn’t take us long.

Right before we started our ascent, my son’s voice halted me. “Look,
Dad! There’s a giant one!”

I followed his gaze and — oh my god — there it was… the biggest starfish
I had ever seen. 

It was a translucent yellow and nearly the width of a basketball. It
dwarfed all the other sea stars on its rock and seemed to be moving much
faster than normal.

“Can I touch it?!”

The echinoderm pulsed as it crept along the half-submerged rock, seeking
shelter in one of its dark crevices. It seemed ancient, like a
prehistoric beast. 

I remembered the fisherman’s words — Don’t touch the starfish — then
shrugged.

“Sure, son. Why not?”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

What happened next is so insane that I’m not even sure how to write it
down. But after my son traced his fingers along the creature’s limbs, a
blood-chilling scream erupted from the waves.

A middle-aged woman and her teenage daughter were sprinting along the
beach. I hadn’t seen them come down the trail. We must’ve been so
distracted by our exploring.

“Daddy… what is that?!” 

The woman and daughter were running from something.  

At first I thought it was a scuba diver. The shape moved like something
trapped in a wetsuit. But the longer I studied it, the more I realized
it wasn’t human. Seaweed and barnacles covered its body. A slimy,
fish-like tail erupted from its back. When it finally pulled itself out
of the water, it was nearly six feet tall.

“I warned you!” The fisherman’s voice called out over the waves. “Now
the sea sprites will come!”

“Watch out, Daddy!” 

I shifted my gaze and saw another hideous creature charging toward me.
Its body was made up of kelp and barnacles and sea urchins. The
creature’s face resembled a crab’s. And its torso was purple, like a
starfish. It was moving fast.

“Get up the trail!” I shoved my boy behind me and reached for a piece of
driftwood at my feet.

I had just enough time to seize it when I felt wet heat pour down my
face.

I stumbled and realized… I was bleeding. The creature must’ve hit me.
But how? It was so quick. 

“Daddy!” My son’s voice compelled me to action.

I didn’t know how bad my wound was, but I didn’t care. 

I swung at the creature, snarling like a wild animal.

Crack. The driftwood smashed into the beast’s brittle exoskeleton leg. 

The absurd creation stumbled back—a goopy, yellow liquid spilling from
its wound.

Back on the beach, the mother and daughter were struggling to outpace
the original sea sprite. It was gaining on them. 

“Dad, it’s not dead!”

It sure wasn’t. The wounded creature lunged at me again, raising a
serrated, crab-like claw.

Crunch.

The creature’s skull came clean off and tumbled down the steps and into
the sand. 

I glanced back at the beach in shock and saw dozens of creatures
emerging from the water. 

The fisherman was still there on his rock pointing at us. 

But the mother and her daughter were gone.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

My son and I ran like satan was after us. We leapt into our car, sped
off, and never looked back.

The entire experience had felt so surreal. When I got to the urgent
care, I didn’t tell the doctors what happened. I just mentioned that I’d
slipped on a rock. Who would have believed me, anyway?

By the time we got home, it was early evening. I made sure my boy was
cleaned up and ready for bed. I let him play in the living room while I
searched online for stories about the region. I had to find out more
about the fisherman and these terrifying creatures.

After a quick search, I found articles from local authorities warning
against tide pool exploration. I typed the words “old fisherman” and
“starfish curse” into the search bar and an endless wall of results came
up.

Turns out the old fisherman had been a local legend during his life,
catching some of the largest crabs during his tenure in his tiny coastal
town.

But one day… about twenty years ago, he went out to explore some newer
waters… right next to the beach we had visited… and disappeared.

No one had seen him since, although some witnesses had claimed to see an
old fisherman wandering along the coastline. The descriptions given
matched the man I had seen earlier that day.

“This can’t be real.” I sank back, staring at my screen. “If he’s dead,
then that would mean…”

I shut my computer and watched my son play with his monster trucks. My
wife would be back tomorrow night. I needed to come up with a way to
explain all of this without sounding insane. 

Then I heard a noise coming from the kitchen.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

What is that?

Tap. Tap. Tap.

It sounded like something rapping against a windowpane.

I got up and went in to investigate.

A massive seagull was peppering the glass with its beak. It let out a
cry as soon as I entered and fluttered away, almost sounding like a
whirlwind as it left.

My breath vanished as my eyes drifted to the sink. There, draped over
the faucet was a yellow starfish. Its translucent limbs dangled over the
rim, dripping seawater onto the floor.
