I’d like to start this post out, by saying this is a completely true
story and it hasn’t be altered, edited, or exaggerated in any way shape
or form!
I know sometimes even real events can be dramatized for more reactions
and engagement/entertainment. This is not that!!!

I apologize for any grammatical errors and/or poor sentence structure as
I’m writing this on my phone and don’t have the means to provide a
polished version. That being said, I would like to provide some context
as I think it’s important to have in any good story…I live in a city of
300/400k ppl in North America. This city has seen much better days,
unfortunately the increasing wage gap and many small business & big
companies leaving the city has caused an uptick in crime over the past
decade. It is not uncommon to see someone shooting up heroin or using
fentanyl in broad daylight in certain parts or the downtown of my city.
Organized crime has also become more prevalent. To say the least the
police department here have a lot on their plate, and don’t have the
resources to tackle all the criminal activity or even make a significant
dent in it…Fortunately, I live in a fairly safe part of the city it’s in
the suburbs so we really don’t see too much of what I described earlier.

I live in a neighbourhood of townhouses, mostly just small families and
millennial dog owners trying to get by. We have 4/5 dumpsters in our
neighbourhood that are intended only for the use of the tenants of my
neighbourhood.

About a year or two ago. I started to notice that random people were
parking their cars here by the dumpsters at night sometimes leaving them
there for days and a lot of them were throwing there trash in our
dumpsters at night. I didn’t really think much of it, but I was weary as
my car had been broken into several times and I had got my sunglasses
wallet and watch stolen that I foolishly left in my car over night…

About 8 months ago during the winter at around 6 pm or so my family was
getting ready to start dinner. When we heard a strange noise which
sounded like a small confrontation at first and then turned into full on
yelling in the moments after. I then heard a car peel out of the
neighborhood very quickly. I will add that my townhouse is really close
to the entrance of the community and the dumpsters. I made my way
outside as quickly as possible to see what all the commotion was
about…strangely enough I saw our property manager/building manager Kevin
lying outside in a snow bank that was created earlier by plow trucks.
There was already a small crowd of tenants around him so I just asked if
he needed anything he said water. I got some water bottles from my house
to give him as quickly as possible. Kevin was in his late 30s a great
guy the best adjective to describe him would be “chipper”. He’s the type
of guy that shows up to work an hour early and leaves an hour late. Even
with no direct supervision he would always be working on something to
make everyone living here’s life a little better. Whether it was a leaky
faucet or a broken fridge Kevin would always work endlessly to get the
job done as soon as possible. I was shocked to see that it looked as if
someone had attacked Kevin and fled the scene on this day. I didn’t want
to overwhelm him by asking questions so I just gave him the water and
went back inside.

About 30 mins later the police are at my door asking me if they can see
what my doorbell camera might have recorded today. I would’ve loved to
help, but unfortunately our doorbell camera had ran out of batteries
months ago…when I asked the officer for the reason he said he couldn’t
say much as it was a pending investigation. But basically Kevin had
caught a man in a F150 dumping his garbage into our dumpster. When
confronted, the stranger didn’t answer if he lived here (he did not) and
just told Kevin to F off and mind his own business. At this point Kevin
tried to stop him from leaving. This man got in his truck and ran over
Kevin’s leg all in a desperate attempt to leave. Kevin broke his leg and
couldn’t work for months after.

I was really sad to see a hardworking family man lose his ability to
earn for his family just because he did the right thing and tried to
stop somebody that was breaking the law. That being said, I couldn’t
understand why any rational person would rather run over someone over
just a small ticket/fine. The man who ran over Kevin was eventually
found and charged and I think he got charged with assault or battery.
This could’ve easily been an attempt murder charge if Kevin had life
threatening injuries. I don’t understand why any criminal would risk
assault or attempt murder charge over atmost a $500 fine for dumping his
garbage where he shouldn’t have. It just didn’t make any sense to me.
Did this man just make a bad impulsive decision when Kevin confronted
him or was he hiding something more sinister??

A few months after the Kevin incident. I heard a loud bang near my house
at 2/3 am almost as if someone was dumping a sofa or washing machine in
the dumpster. When I looked thru my window I noticed a box truck and an
old ford sedan. One older man was in the box truck and there were about
4/5 guys that were teens or in there 20s in the sedan. They were all
removing things from the vehicles and dumping it in the dumpster. I knew
what happened to Kevin so I was very scared to confront them. But I took
a shot of Jameson and grabbed my Driver from my golf bag and worked up
the courage to confront them. The guys in their 20s acted they look like
they saw a ghost and immediately got in their car and locked the doors.
The older guy in the box truck was a lot calmer he just ignored me and
walked to his truck and drive off. I don’t remember saying much just
“wtf are you guys doing here?”

The sedan hastily left too but I was able to get a picture of there
license plate before they left the neighbourhood. I went back to the
dumpster to see what kind of stuff they were throwing out…and it was
shocking the hair on the back immediately stood up. It’s tough to
describe but I had this eerie feeling that they were trying to throw
away evidence of something nefarious. I investigated the dumpster with
my phone flashlight and from what I could make it there were plastic
bags of human hair, torn clothes, and some sheets that were covered in
red.

Maybe I’ve watched too many crime shows, but I’m almost 99% sure at this
point that this was all evidence from a crime scene somewhere. I called
the police non emergency line and asked them to send a unit to check out
what’s in the dumpster. I also told them the entire story including
Kevin’s incident and what happened that night. The police line operator
was uninterested she didn’t even really confirm if a unit would come to
investigate. She just said that license plate has been given to everyone
patrolling so if they see that car they will stop it and investigate
further. I was shocked to think about how casual she was about it but I
guess that’s her job…..No officers ever did come to investigate what
they threw in the dumpsters that night. When I called the line again to
see if they found the car they say they didn’t but took my number and
name and said they’ll keep me posted.

I’m convinced that these guys were covering up a crime and I’ve even
heard that many criminal organizations will use teens in there activity
because they likely won’t be charged as adults and would likely just be
given a slap on the wrist.

Oddly enough the illegal dumping stopped after that night…
