(Part 1)

(Part 2)

I’ve run into some issues since my last post. That’s, well, quite an
understatement. Regardless, I’m going to go ahead and apologize for the
haste with which this one will be written. I haven’t had much time to
write this one up and with where I’ve landed today.. Well, you’ll see.

I’ll start where we last left off. I had been looking into my employer a
bit more deeply than I had before my first post. I was able to find a
colleague who had some similar experiences to my own. Albeit less
personal, but he was able to get a hold of some documents for me that I
shared here. Like I had said, I only shared a couple of the worst ones
for brevity, but the extent to which the damning evidence I was able to
get ahold of was astonishing. Sadly, I won’t be able to share more.

After clocking in this morning and heading to my desk, I noticed a
present. It sat innocently on my desk. Wrapped in plain brown paper and
tied with a twine bow. There was a note on it that read “For all your
hard work and dedication.” It was about the size of a water bottle,
rectangular in shape, and had a slight heft to it. I removed the twine,
tore off the paper, and opened the box it was within. Then without
checking the contents, I turned the box over so that whatever was inside
would fall into my hand. To my surprise a small planter pot hit my hand
first. Then slowly coming free of the box was a cutting of W. aculeatus
planted within the pot. My panic control kicked in before the lightning
jolt reflex to throw it and I was able to carefully place it on my desk.
A momentary realization hit me. If I had held the box from the other
end, my carelessness would’ve killed me. It was a sobering thought, but
one I couldn’t linger on. Someone at Blackthorn wanted me dead, and with
the questions I had been asking.. It was going to be difficult finding
out who. 

I left the fungus where it was. There was no point in trying to dispose
of it. I had little time and I needed to escape. But, if I had just ran
for the nearest exit that might’ve caused a scene. I was pretty sure I
could remember one of my friends from college telling me that if you’re
gonna steal something, walk out like you already own it. I just hoped
that would apply to my life as well. Doing my best to conceal the inner
turmoil and yearning to run. I started walking to the elevator that
would bring me up to our main parking lot. I passed fellow researchers
on the way, trying to make small talk that sounded believable. I had
gotten close when the Director of Mycological Research, Adam, stopped
me. 

“Good morning. Have you made it to your office yet?” He asked.

I stammered out a reply “N-no not yet.”

He gave me a once over, and chewed on his words before he spoke again.

“Are you feeling alright? We left you a gift on your desk. It might
serve to lift your mood.”

What, the gift of death? I thought to myself, immediately worried he had
somehow heard. I fixed my posture and feigned surprise.

“Oh that sounds wonderful! I’ll have to go check it out! But uh.. I
seemed to have forgotten some of my notes in my car. Let me go get those
real quick and I’ll be right back to check it out.”

He sighed.

“Don’t get scatterbrained on us now. You’ve been doing your best work
these past few months.”

He smiled and turned to walk toward his office, but as he did so I could
see his proud expression falter. As soon as he released me from the
conversation, I entered the elevator. A massive grid of buttons greeted
me. Countless sub-levels made up Blackthorn, but there was only one way
I wanted to go. Up. I hit the top button to take me to the ground floor
and began the slow journey up to the surface. Our elevator had at one
point played lovely tunes during the rides, but time and poor
maintenance had distorted the speakers. So the usual upbeat piano had
turned unnaturally somber. It was a 3 minute ride to the surface. I
watched each floor pass, holding my breath, and willing it not to stop.
Thankfully it didn’t, and I was able to reach our main reception area. I
presume Adam had found my “present” around this time because red lights
started flashing and the security guards looked to their pagers for
instruction. Through the commotion I was able to sparse out “Defector…
escaping… initiate lockdown.”

That was enough to tell me I wasn’t making friends here anytime soon,
and seeing as the front doors most likely would lock themselves in the
event of a lockdown I wouldn’t have many options available to me. I ran
down the nearest corridor, searching my satchel for any way to fight
back. I had some samples from a less common fungus, not as deadly as the
stinghorns, but highly hallucinogenic/deliteriant. Now before you judge
me, I was not taking these home for recreational use. I had stashed them
away after I started noticing the strange discrepancies. I hoped I
wouldn’t have to rely on them like this, but it was the best I had. What
worked in my favor though was the potency and method of delivery that
these fungi possessed. They looked like puffballs, a deep purple in
color, and their spore cloud that is released when squeezed is
instantaneously effective. Imagine the deleterious effects of high doses
of diphenhydramine or datura seed on the timescale of salvia. Sadly,
this would also mean that the effects would wear off quickly as well. 

I turned into an empty conference room and positioned myself by the
door. Ready to gas the next poor soul to come through. The first guard
to barge in got a full lungful. He fell immediately. Struggling to
command his limbs as the toxin flooded his system. The second a few
paces behind doesn’t even get into the room before the first guard, now
sat straight up and faced toward the door, began to scream. He levels
his weapon at his partner and tears him apart with lead. It wasn’t until
his partner fell dead that he began to incoherently mutter about shadows
coming for him. I stood stark still as he started to chant “one way out”
over and over. I hated myself for the hell I had set on this man. I
still do. He unholstered his side arm and brought it up to his head. I
ran from the room before I could witness what came next. A gunshot rang
out from the room as I made my way back to the front entrance. I didn’t
have long to take in my options, little less mull over the regret in my
stomach. I didn’t expect the spore clouds to cause that immense of a
reaction. 

I wasn’t able to reach the main doors however. I had missed the guard
standing by the door, just like I had moments earlier. He tackled me to
the floor. Unfortunately causing both of us to land on my satchel and
forcing a massive spore cloud to erupt from within. I held my breath for
as long as I could, but the thrashing of the man above me made it
difficult. Eventually, I caved. Figuring a temporary hell would be
better than asphyxiation. 

Almost immediately it was as if someone had turned the gamma down on a
TV screen. Shadows engulfed the corners of the room and malignant
entities tore their way through the shadow. The guard on top of me
morphed into a harrowed creature of bone and skin. He stopped fighting
to keep me down and ran for the elevator. He stopped at its threshold,
hand hovering over the button to call it. In my warped perception the
button had been morphed into a pulsating nodule, glowing with a visceral
bioluminescence. It squelched as he pressed it and the elevator groaned.
Opening up as a great maw, only void past its teeth. He bolted within,
and the urgency of my situation returned to me. The shadows licked at my
heels, dancing along the floor as I finally made it to the main door. As
I suspected, it was locked. The deadbolt didn’t budge but I had to try.
I was looking over the front desk for anything that could help me out of
this place, the nightmarish things built from normal stationary not
making it any easier. Then, suddenly, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I
snapped my head over my shoulder to see what had summoned my attention
and to my horror and surprise a shadow had come from the wall. No longer
a 2 dimensional form, breathed into life by this vicious fungus, it
peered at me behind a face that was sludge over teeth. It grinned as if
I had made a fool of myself. Then made no other move than to point
toward the fire extinguisher affixed to the wall. Then to the window. 

The harsh cold air outside the facility helped to sober my thoughts.
Though did little to hamper the wild visions imparted to me through the
spores. I remember wondering about the credibility of the “quickly wears
off” statement in the document on this fungus as I ran towards my car. I
would have my answer soon though as the giant snarling creature that was
in the vague shape of what should be my car slowly morphed into my Mark
IV Continental. Still not the perfect image of sober, I persuaded my
keys into the door of the car and wrenched on the handle once it was
unlocked. Once inside I took a moment to steady myself. When I looked
ahead I saw multiple guards pouring from the facility and beginning to
shoot at my vehicle. I jammed the keys into the ignition, turned, and
kicked the gas. I was able to avoid catching a bullet myself but I can’t
say the same for my car. It’s silly to think about it now, but I was a
little heartbroken at the damage they were able to do. But reliably as
it had always been, it roared out of the parking lot and brought me
through the back roads leading away from the facility. 

As I approached the outskirts of the forest and crested a small hill
overlooking the valley that housed the main gate I saw in the distance
that they had set up a blockade. Barring my exit. I decided to ditch the
car before getting any closer. Trying to maintain any element of
surprise I still had. I figured if I could scope out the fence
surrounding the place I may be able to find a suitable spot to climb
over and forgo the confrontation waiting at the gate. I negotiated
through the brush and briars that covered the forest floor away from the
road. I was far from the more dangerous areas of the forest, but there
were still minor hazards to worry about. Chief among them was the live
bramble I had been stumbling towards. These are prehensile briars that
will coil around and grasp anything unfortunate enough to tramp through
them. This secures them a continuous source of nitrates from the fauna
that was trapped and starved by the briar. I didn’t want to be relegated
to a nitrate source so I did my best to move clear of it. I came to
where the bramble bordered the fence and to my surprise there was a
small hole in the fence. Just large enough to squeeze myself through,
but covered by the bramble. That’s most likely why it hadn’t been fixed.
Blackthorn wouldn’t waste field ops trying to fix a hole that had its
own living briars as a guard. I looked it over and weighed my options. I
could try to clear it, but any movement over the briars would cause a
feeding reaction. I had my lighter on me. I could try to burn it clear,
but that might alert the guards.

I decided a race with the guards was slightly better than being caught
in the briar. I set my lighter to the less lively branches and watched
as the flame slowly caught. It was only a couple minutes before the hole
was clear, but the flame had grown bigger than I anticipated and I could
hear shouting in the distance. It was a roaring inferno by the time I
squeezed myself through the hole. Smoldering briars grasped at my legs
as I forced past the last couple feet. I don’t imagine the burn marks
they left will ever go away fully. The fire proved a well enough
deterrent to the guards trying to pursue me. But as I looked back at
what I had started, I couldn’t help but feel… Guilt. My whole life up to
that point hadn’t just been about protecting the general populous from
that forest. But protecting it as well. We served as wardens, yes. But
we were also supposed to be stewards. At that moment I had decided that
my own life was worth more.

I hitchhiked back home. I had figured my house would be bugged or maybe
even trapped. But I didn’t care. I couldn’t survive the next few weeks
without what I had stashed there. In the event something like this were
to happen, I started to stockpile various atypical specimens. Tens of T.
fecundum eggs stowed away in temperature controlled lock boxes. Low
temps may not kill them, but freezing them will delay their hatching
until they thaw. A dry-box with hundreds of H. cerebrophagus eggs. Much
more vulnerable than the spider-ticks, this species could be held
indefinitely just by drying them out. There are other improvised
bioweapons, but I would be remiss to show my full hand. 

Once making it to my house, I was relieved to see I was the first one
there. I collected my specimens into my second car. A 1977 Cadillac
Eldorado. Purchased for the comfort and trunk space it would provide for
my upcoming plans. I planted each box in a location where it would do
the most ecological and human harm once opened. Then set each one to a
deadman switch. If I am killed, there will be approximately 2 days
before they each open. I figured Blackthorn has already seen my posts
here, so this will serve as my warning. These boxes are my assurance
while I set up means to leave the country. I’m sorry.
