 

​My name isn’t important. Nothing other than what I’m about to tell you
is important.  

I have worked in every discipline within the field of astronomy and
astrophysical research, and I’ve found more than a few head scratchers –
to say the least. Things other people haven’t previously seen and are no
longer allowed to see.  

Which is why going public with these findings has been ill-advised;
however, I’ve decided to wave them since if I must suffer, so does
everyone else. And in light of recent events, I can’t allow myself to go
to the grave with knowledge that may change mankind’s perception of our
place in the stars.  

Some of the things I’m about to tell you will not appear believable. And
while I caution you that the theory side of things is just that –
theories. The rest is entirely what was seen with my own eyes. Things
that have led me to one conclusion.  

There are things within this universe that we cannot completely
understand. Speculation and theory can keep our minds at ease with the
overarching fact that the truth may never be objective.  

This is what I’ve found.

Through my time working on the JWST, I was tasked with theorising
compositions of exoplanets. A process that particular telescope carried
out by observing the chemical identifiers a planet exhibited as it
passed over a star. The results presented three separate metal worlds.
Not in a conventional way, such as a planetoid having a primary metallic
composition among rocks and gas. I mean worlds that were perfectly
spherical and reflective. Several light-years away from us are worlds
the size of Neptune, made of perfectly smooth and mirrored material with
no other discernible features. The best part was the minimal amount of
analysis and cross-checking done by my superiors, as my discoveries
weren’t even the first of their kind. Enough so it was perfectly
believable that a giant ball of metal could exist in the same vein as
any other exoplanet. The team quite enjoyed speculating that it was an
ancient alien artifact of some kind. But I never believed that. I simply
thought of space in a similar light to nature. In how sometimes
conditions become perfect for something completely unbelievable.  

In my first few years as a PHD candidate, I learnt just how exposed our
planet was. How easily everything I’ve ever known could be obliterated
by a planet-killing asteroid.  

You may already have your head wrapped around classic meteorite
depictions from Hollywood and the resulting reassuring statistics about
their unlikelihood (at least of the ones shown in films). Which I
believed too until that day.  

I was looking through a Dobsonian reflector observing the inner system
when I found we’d gained a second moon: an asteroid about 100 meters
across. When we tracked its approach, it was found to have passed just
100km from Earth. Meaning orbiting astronauts could’ve made out its
composition if they squinted. And we had only seen it now – four days
after its closest approach. Had it been a few kilometres lower, Earth’s
gravity would’ve pulled it to the surface. The resulting impact, while
not extinction-level, could still vaporise a city. We even found our
maps indicated that, had it been pulled in, the trajectory would most
likely have ended right outside of Changzhou, China – a city of over 5
million people. 5 million who didn’t even realise how close they came to
death.

We’ve stressed our capabilities to deflect asteroids headed towards
Earth. But they’re pointless if we don’t notice them.  

Another time I’d been tasked with going through photos of potential
landing zones for the Artemis crews. Plenty of pretty high-definition
images I had to make sure didn’t yield any hidden boulders. It was a lot
more rewarding than my usual guesswork with distant stars. Though close
to the southeast region, a nearby lava tube caught my attention. Within
it were patchy glowing blue spots coating its walls and floor. By the
time I identified four separate occurrences of it, the entire mapping
and research team was in my branch. All peering over the photos of what
we believed was evidence of bioluminescent aliens sheltering in the cave
walls. Astronomers are a collectively driven bunch when they want to be.
In this case, I spent the next 48 hours making sure I was at the
forefront of any further discoveries. Even if previous events told me
such a find would never see the light of a newspaper.  

We ran temperature graphs and found, sure enough, there was an increase.
There wasn’t substantial data to indicate ice depreciation, but that
didn’t stop people from theorising that’s what they were feeding off of.
Which then switched to solar radiation after we found it was lacking in
the region.   

Then when we finally scrambled the tech to run a UV spectroscopy,
everyone collectively held their breath; the indisputable method found
what we all hoped and dreaded. It turned up exactly the same as every
other region.  

The lunar reconnaissance orbiter that took the pictures was over ten
years old at that point (Way past its lifespan) and thus overcorrected
in colour, which took us a few days to realise given the potential scale
of the discovery.  

As a matter of fact, there are still a few guys secretly performing
other observations with the hope of finding other substantial evidence
that mankind’s closest neighbours are next door.  

Honestly, I’m convinced bioluminescent moon aliens with the same
intelligence as a peanut would be better than the other hint I’d
observed.  

One day, a machine tasked with detecting supernovas caught a notably
mild neutrino burst. Regardless, we mobilised a telescope and began
observing for the ensuing system-evaporating flash of light.   

What I saw twisted my throat into circles. It was like the universe
itself was spitting on me.  

It didn’t come from the star.  

The nearest planet detonated first, then ignited the star. A planet
can’t go supernova – but the neutrinos’ origin traced back to said
planet. The only clear theory was that whatever was on that planet had
been tapping into the vacuum energy. For whatever reason, the result
described their entire solar system.  

Outside of that, I’ve got plenty of other stories to tell. 
