Do you avoid errands because you might bump into someone you know? Does
the phone ringing make you break out in a panicky sweat? The School for
Shut-Ins can help! Transform from shy, socially inept loner to life of
the party! We can’t make you an extrovert, but we can teach you how to
fake it so well everyone will think you are! Grow from cocooned
caterpillar to social butterfly in 6 weeks. Click to register.

Wrapped up in my pajamas at my computer, I consider the link. No one can
make me an extrovert. Not even a fake one.

You may wonder about me writing this post. Sure. I’m great online. But
in person I can barely stammer two words. I turn red and sweaty and I
panic-fart. Which would be funny if I were a charming extrovert and
could make a joke from it. But I can’t, so I just die inside. Last phone
conversation I had with my boss, I ended with, “love you, bye,” because
the only phone calls I ever make are with Mom. Needless to say, I quit
my job. Just ghosted. Couldn’t face the fallout of that.

Ok maybe I need this class.

I sign up.

Syllabus

Link to the syllabus here (if you’re curious).

Week 1

Week 1 opens with some pretty generic videos explaining types of
anxiety. Those who are comfortable are asked to write an introductory
post (those who are not can fill out as much or as little as we want of
a questionnaire—but at minimum we need to pick a username. Mine is
Frogger). There are sixteen of us in total, and I’m surprised to find
that a lot of my classmates have social anxiety even online—only about
half write an introductory post.

Our other assignment is to journal about our biggest fears. I write:

I’m worried that I am worthless and will never find love. I’m basically
a female incel, and my greatest fear is that I will never like myself.
There. I said it. I’m 22 years old. I obsess over everything I do or
say, every mistake I make burned forever in my brain. If this class can
teach me to go out in the world, maybe people will like me, and if that
happens maybe I can learn to like myself even just a little bit.

Week 2

We have our first Zoom meeting at the end of Week 2. We’re working
toward Week 4, which is the big week when we have our in-person meet-up,
which will require us to go to an actual café. We won’t have to talk to
anyone—we’ll place our orders in advance and our drinks will be waiting
for us at tables with our usernames. We’ll pull out our laptops and
conduct class online. But we will have to be in the same space,
breathing the same air… being together.

It makes me nervous. I’m sure it makes everyone nervous. So to get us
ready, Week 3 is our first synchronous online Zoom, and to get us ready
for that, Week 2 is our first synchronous online chat. We only spend the
last ten minutes of class in the chat. Our instructor, Brandon, coaxes
replies:

BRANDON: Hey everyone. How are you doing?

BRANDON: … ok. How about we all just say ‘hi.’

TRUDY: Hi

BRANDON: … just type ‘hi’ in the chatbox please, so I know it’s working
for you.

TRUDY: Hi

FROGGER: hi

Everyone is nervous, and two people have already dropped the class.
We’re down to fourteen students now. Our instructor nonetheless applauds
everyone, even those who only lurked. He tells us we are doing great.

Week 3

Week 3 is our last online session. We join Zoom. Onscreen, our
instructor smiles at us from the actual coffee shop where we will meet
next week. Patrons sip drinks and bustle around him. The instructor
cannot see us (our cameras are off), but he invites us all virtually to
pull up chairs with our coffees. Brandon is a pleasant professorial man
in his mid-40’s with red hair and a beard, chubby and good-looking.

Brandon says comforting things like, “I won’t expect you to talk, don’t
worry. I actually love sitting in silence. Sometimes if I’m nervous, I
pretend that instead of a person I’m a cat. No one can talk to me
because cats can’t talk. That’s how I used to convince myself to go out
places. Not as Brandon, but as Cat-Brandon…”

Wow, dorky. Makes me feel better about my own dorkitude.

There’s no pressure to say or do anything in the chat. After an hour,
Brandon finally says that next week will be just like this, but we’ll be
in person. And remember—next week, we’re all cat people. We won’t have
to talk. We actually can’t talk. It’s not allowed. So don’t be scared.
But if you are that’s okay. You can be a scared cat at your keyboard,
just like today, and that’s fine.

Ok, Brandon. I think I can do the meetup. I’m ready for next week.

Some people clearly aren’t, though.

We’re down to only twelve students.

Week 4

The coffee shop is exactly like it looked on Zoom. I find my seat, with
my nametag, which also has a cat version of me (we had to make these as
homework and send them in). I also can see everyone else’s cat versions.
One person has a zombie cat and another a cutesy anime cat, and of
course there are housecats and meme cats. I sit down and take my hot
cocoa and open my laptop and join the chat.

Our instructor, Brandon, sits at a table nearby. He definitely saw me
come in but he doesn’t look up, doesn’t turn around, doesn’t even make
eye contact. He also has his cat picture up, a fluffy ginger tabby.
Cat-Brandon. He can’t talk, either, per the rules.

Ok. Just a bunch of weirdos with coffee and cat pictures sitting around
doing nothing.

Check. Can do this. God I wish I weren’t sweating so hard right now. My
stomach in knots.

About half of the other students are here already, and I’m surprised at
the diversity. A thirty-something woman in sweats, a man who might be in
his fifties, a teen girl who is the only person younger than me, with
pale skin and haunted sad eyes, dressed in goth style complete with
smoky eye makeup. One guy, whose name is George, arrives late and says a
nervous, “Hi, hey,” to everyone as he sits at his place. We are all
aghast. George, we’re cats. You can’t break the rules! No talking.
Thankfully George reads the room and shuts his trap.

Brandon’s fingers rap on his keys into the chat.

BRANDON: All here! Good. Let’s begin….

Week 4 (post class)

So the cat thing was actually pretty fun. In the chat Brandon asked us
each why we picked our specific cats. We could pass or engage. Then
Brandon broke us off into pairs, to meet each other or to be “quiet
cats” if we didn’t feel like talking. I even made one friend!

Goth Girl (that’s her username, but I call her GG) is the first person I
was paired with. She’s closer to my age, so I think I was sort of drawn
to her to begin with. And she’s kind of cute and… ok let’s be real I am
never going to approach a cute girl IRL. But like, from my keyboard?

I asked her about her cat pic, which is this super creepy scary monster
thing that honestly does not look like a cat at all. And she was nervous
to share so told me to “go first.”

FROGGER: Uh, ok. Well, mine is a cat in a frog hat because I have kind
of a weird frog face.

GG snuck a peek at me from across the table, then quickly looked down
again and typed:

GG: 🤭I don’t think you look like a 🐸. Well… maybe a little.

FROGGER: It’s okay. I totally do and know it. Hey you know why frogs are
so happy being frogs?

GG: ?

FROGGER: They eat whatever bugs them! 🐸 🪰 … I got that from a joke
book. So, what’s with your cat from your worst nightmares that clearly
is not a cat? Did you draw it yourself?

GG: Yes

FROGGER: You got skillz! I’m impressed. My only talents are looking like
a frog and sharing frog puns… and shoot! I just realized what I
should’ve made my username!

GG: ?

FROGGER: Hermit the frog! 🐸

GG: 🤭

BRANDON: Ok everyone, time to switch partners. Finish up your
conversations.

FROGGER: Oh, dang. Well it was nice chatting with you GG! Can I call you
GG? I really enjoyed seeing your art, too. Looking forward to our next
chat!

GG: Me too 😊 take care frog face 🐸

Ok, so it’s not an actual conversation. But we were technically IRL,
which means I interacted IRL with a girl who’s not my mom or me looking
back from a mirror. A cute girl. Go me!

Once I got out the door, though, the anxiety hit me in a wave. The worst
anxiety I’ve felt in… forever, really. It literally felt like eyes
watching me, following me… my nerves didn’t stop until I got home. And
even then, after I wrapped up tight in my blankets like a caterpillar
into its cocoon, it took a long time for that unsettling feeling to
fade.

Week 5

Today is our conversation class, and I’m so terrified at the thought of
speaking to GG aloud instead of through the keyboard that just the
thought drenches me in sweat. Upper lip sweat. Armpit sweat. Underboob
sweat. Oh God. I can never meet her. Unless it’s in the rain so she
can’t tell how sweaty I am, but why would we meet in the rain? I’m
doomed. Maybe I’ll make a joke about my exceptional sweat glands and how
frogs are moist.

No! Don’t use the word moist! God, do I want to chase her away forever?

Why, why, am I so bad at life?

I pull everything out of my closet looking for the right outfit,
something that will magically make me cute. I settle on a green hoodie
with frog eyes on top of the hood, and the front of the hood zips closed
over my face like a frog mouth, which will allow me to hide when I
inevitably embarrass myself in front of the whole world. Perfect.

It’s as I’m on my way to class the anxiety kicks in so hard that once
again, I feel eyes on me, staring. But whenever I whirl around, there’s
no one. It’s just nerves.

At the coffee shop, I find a new double-sided nametag. One side reads,
“Frogger,” the other shows my cat picture. Brandon tells us cat-side-up
means quiet. Name-side-up means talking. He encourages us to start with
our names and only turn into cats if we need a break.

About half the class start as cats anyway. We are down to only eight
students.

Moist, I keep thinking in my sweltering hoodie, wishing I could shunt
the word out of my brain forever but unfortunately, it’s how I am and
how I feel.

Moist, moist, moist. Kill me.

I almost sigh in relief when I’m not paired with GG, even though I’m
desperate to look into her beautiful sad eyes and joke, “Look! We’re the
princess and the frog, except the frog never turns hot!” Instead, I’m
paired up with some guy whose nametag reads, “Dark Lord.” He’s tall and
hunched and has this, uh… dark… stare. Seems to be going for Kylo Ren
vibes, but a lot nerdier and way less jacked. His cat picture is a
low-res black cat with laser eyes. We’ve been given conversation cards
to facilitate our interactions, but he only glares down at his cards,
not making eye contact. Finally he mumbles, “I’d watch out for her.”

“Huh?” I say.

“Haven’t you noticed?” *intense stare at cards* “She doesn’t breathe.”

And even though I’m melting in my hoodie, suddenly, I’m chilled. I try
to sneak a glance over at GG. When I look back at Dark Lord, he’s eyeing
me with such a burning intensity I feel my skin crawl, but he quickly
drops his gaze and reddens. He really can’t look anyone in the eye,
apparently.

After a few more partner swaps, GG is my last conversation for the day.
She still has her nametag on the cat side, and looks utterly shattered
by the conversation exercise. Apparently, she just can’t bring herself
to make so much as a peep. Her face is red and her eyes damp, and even
though it’s her turn to start by reading a question from a card, it’s
obvious that isn’t going to work for her.

I have an idea, and I reach over and tap the top question on her list:
WHAT IS YOUR NAME? Then I point to myself, tugging my frog hoodie and
circling my face with a finger. Frogface.

She peers at me from beneath lowered lashes.

I show her the first question card on my list: WHERE ARE YOU FROM? She
shakes her head. I try another one, sifting through the conversation
questions, and hold one up for her: WHAT’S SOMETHING YOU REALLY LIKE?

She looks at it, and then points to me.

“You like… me?” I blurt. Her eyes widen, and I suddenly realize what she
means. “OH! Oh, geez. You’re asking me to answer the question about what
I like. Not telling me that you… like… uhhhh….” I zip up my hoodie so
that she’s just looking at a green fabric frog face now. My cheeks are
on fire. It is really unbearably hot in this room. I think I might die
right here. But then I hear a sound that breaks through the fire and
makes my heart lift—a very soft tinkle of laughter. GG is laughing.

I mean, I’m still going to go and die of shame when I get home. But at
least I’ll die knowing I made her giggle.

And then I feel a soft tug on my hoodie. The zipper opens and a wave of
cool air rushes in as her small fingers open up the front. Brandon is
calling us back to order and saying class is going to wrap up and we’ll
meet next week.

As I’m packing up my bag, I glance back to GG and she’s watching me. She
points at her question card—the one I pulled out about something you
really like—and then points back to me, and then she turns and quickly
darts out.

My heart. It’s bursting.

Week 5, post class

I’m just about to set off for home when a bell jingles behind me and the
coffee shop door opens and the barista yells, “Hey!”

I’m already in my introvert bubble (let’s be real I’m always in my
bubble), and having it popped by this aproned barista whose face is
making loud words at me shatters me into a panic. Oh no, I think. My
palms sweat and my throat closes up. Unfortunately, I already made eye
contact, so I’m trapped. Suddenly I notice the tablet he’s waving—and
the stickers on it. It belongs to GG. Finally the sounds tumbling out of
his lips register: “… one of your classmates forgot her tablet!”

Not knowing what else to do, I hold my hand out.

My internal monologue flares up: What if he thinks you’re trying to
steal it? What if he takes the opportunity to strike up a conversation?
You’ll have to pretend to faint, and when he goes in to get water for
you wake up and run away—

But the employee smiles and says, “Thanks,” and hands me the tablet and
heads back inside, and I breathe a sigh of deepest relief.

… well, I survived that.

The sky overhead is a deep and beautiful purple, the stars just coming
out to twinkle, and as I recover myself, looking up the street for GG,
it feels like they’re shining just for me. I spot her tiny form
retreating in the distance, and I follow her. For once, I don’t have
that feeling of eyes on me, watching me. It must be because my nerves
are finally settling… Am I becoming a better, braver Frogger? I
fantasize about handing her tablet back to her, our hands touching (NO!
She will snatch her fingers away in disgust and gawd even my fantasies
are a fail…). Um, I fantasize about smiling and tucking my sweaty hands
back into my pockets after I hand her tablet to her, and offering to
walk her home.

… but with each passing step, it feels less romantic, more like I’m just
a stalker. If she’d only turn around for a second so I could wave!

I should just go home, keep our interactions safely online—and I’m about
to do just that when my phone pings.

DARK LORD: look

DARK LORD: [pic] [pic]

I click the links, and open two images that I stare at for several
moments in confusion. The first is a class of 1993 yearbook photograph,
the hairstyles and clothes outdated. The second is a senior photo from
that same yearbook, with the name Genevieve Grayson.

Genevieve looks exactly like GG.

FROGGER: Whoa… is that her mom?

DARK LORD: r u an idiot? Its HER.

His insistence on some girl from a thirty year old yearbook being GG
seems ridiculous. It has to be a relative. I mean, it looks exactly like
her—but for that to be GG herself would be impossible. And yet… a shiver
creeps along my spine, because it’s not just a resemblance. The girl in
the yearbook photo looks… well, identical. Something isn’t right here.
Something isn’t…

Watched. I feel like I’m being watched.

I glance around, and then I tuck the tablet into my bag. I’ve lost all
trace of GG. I’ll have to message her about the tablet later. But now…
now, as I turn and hurry home, I’m certain I hear footsteps behind me.
Certain that eyes are on me, following me. That something is drawing
nearer and nearer… meanwhile my phone is pinging, again and again. I
risk a glance and see Dark Lord messaging me.

DARK LORD: Haven’t you noticed? How the class keeps shrinking?

DARK LORD: I got the class list from the teacher. Well… stole it.

DARK LORD: Anyway. People aren’t dropping.

DARK LORD: They’re DISAPPEARING. I found missing persons reports.

DARK LORD: I tried to tell teach but he thinks I’m a conspiracy
theorist.

DARK LORD: So I looked myself. That girl you got the hots for… Frogger,
on the class list her name is Genevieve Grayson. Same as that yearbook.
And guess what I found out about Genevieve?

DARK LORD: … Frogger? Are you still there?

DARK LORD: Shit, are you home? Are you safe? Frogger? Emailing you.

I’m running now, the phone in my pocket. The shadows… the shadows seem
to be closing in around me. That feeling of being watched has
intensified so much I swear I can see eyes, glinting out at me from the
dark. The chill has penetrated to my bones, and as I run, in the thud of
my footsteps, either there’s an echo, or….

THUD-thup-THUD-thup-THUD-thup

… or a second set of footsteps, just under mine, hidden almost to be
inaudible by the pounding reverberations. Someone running after me,
almost at exactly my pace… but ever so slightly, with each step…

… catching up.

Finally my apartment building looms. Relief floods me, and I dash toward
the bright glare of the exterior building lights. For a moment, I feel
the presence of that icy chill like a wind raking my back—and then I’m
inside, rushing up the stairs, bursting into my apartment and slamming
the door shut, locking it. After several moments, I finally take out my
phone in shaking hands.

FROGGER: I’m home. I think someone followed me.

FROGGER: What were you going to tell me about Genevieve?

There’s no response, so I go to my desk and Google “Genevieve Grayson.”
And as I sit there, staring at my screen, my blood runs cold. Because
when I do find her yearbook photo, it’s true. Genevieve Grayson looks
just like GG. But…

According to Google, Genevieve has been dead for nearly thirty years.

Week 6

I am really freaked out. Like, so freaked out. The morning after I had
that scare running home, I tried to contact Dark Lord but he wasn’t
answering. The email he sent me the night before had attachments of
missing persons reports. These matched the list he sent of our
classmates’ names and contact info that I guess he stole from the
teacher.

He was right about our classmates disappearing.

But the worst news came later, after I was checking the local news—I
started looking because I was searching for more missing persons
reports—and there was a headline that caught my attention.

MAIMED BODY OF SLAIN MAN FOUND OUTSIDE APARTMENT

The body of Xavier Rodriguez, 27, was found disemboweled outside of his
apartment late Monday night…

Gazing at the image of the man in the newspaper photo, I felt my heart
drop to my toes. Because it was Dark Lord, looking out at me with his
trademark intense stare, and in his arms was a cat—the black cat with
the laser eyes from his picture. Apparently it was his actual pet cat…
and somehow it’s this little detail that makes it all seem so much more
horrifically real. Should I call the police? Tell them that Xavier was
trying to warn me about something the night he died? Oh God… I’d never
be able to sit through an interrogation!

I consider telling Brandon, but Xavier already tried and got dismissed
as a conspiracy theorist.

By the time class rolls around, I’ve done nothing. Pathetic, I know.
When I arrive at the coffee shop, almost an hour early, the bell jingles
above my head, and the barista smiles in greeting. I duck my head. And
then I see Brandon—his pleasant face brightening.

“Frogger! You’re early. I haven’t ordered drinks yet. Would you like to
order your own? Or are you a quiet cat today?”

“Can I talk to you?”

“Sure.” He comes over and sits at a corner table with me, leans in and
asks in his gently affirming way, “What’s up?”

Already I am sweating like mad in my frog hoodie. I lean in and Brandon
furrows his brow in that concerned way of his, and I blurt out, “Xavier
thinks we’re all in danger and now he’s dead and we have to call the
police and ambush Genevieve because… she doesn’t breathe.” Oh. He
already looks like he doesn’t believe me. My face is red. Hot and
flushed. I open up my messenger app and show him the messages I
exchanged with Xavier, as well as the yearbook pics of Genevieve and the
news article about Xavier’s death.

“I don’t know what to say,” he admits when he finally does speak,
shaking his head. “This is all so….” After a pause, he asks, “Why did
you wait until now to tell me? Aren’t you usually much more comfortable
communicating by messages?”

“I didn’t want her to know and I was worried she might have some way to…
I dunno. I mean Xavier hacked your site and got access to your class
roster.”

“What??”

“I just didn’t want her to find out beforehand and come after you or
me.” I drop my eyes. It feels like a betrayal, talking about GG this
way. I have to remind myself that she’s not GG. She’s Genevieve. And
she’s much, much older than the nineteen-year-old she appears to be.

“Did you go to the police?” asks Brandon.

I shake my head. “I’m pretty sure they’ll go through his emails and
messages to try to find his killer. I can’t really add anything.” … what
I don’t say is that I could barely blurt out the truth to Brandon, let
alone officers in an interrogation room. I’d probably just look guilty
and they’d wonder if I had something to do with it and then arrest me
for murder and I’d be too terrified to open my mouth to defend myself…
and while my mind is tunneling ever deeper down this rabbit hole,
Brandon is talking again:

“… I’ll message everyone that class is postponed until further notice.
Meantime, you go straight home. And message me that you got home safe.
Actually…” He rubs his chin. “I’d better walk you. Come on.”

We head out into the early evening. And even though I am bundled up with
a scarf over my frog hoodie, the wind is biting and makes my eyes weep.
Brandon interrogates me about my disappearing classmates, who else I’ve
told, and I’m mumbling my answers when my flesh prickles…

“What is it?” Brandon stops.

“Eyes,” I whisper. “Someone’s watching us…”

He looks all around. “You must be imagining it. There’s no one out
here.”

When I insist that someone is watching us, he considers for a moment,
and then tugs my wrist and pulls me into a trot, saying we’ll take a
shortcut. We move quickly, ducking into an alley. I still hear the echo
of footsteps, feel the weight of eyes. But then the feeling vanishes as
we turn a corner. Brandon takes us further away from the street, deeper
into the back alley between buildings, and finally stops by the dumpster
at the rear of what seems to be a warehouse.

“Still feel eyes?” he asks.

I shake my head.

“That’s good,” Brandon says in his mellow, reassuring voice. “I wouldn’t
want there to be any witnesses to your imminent demise.”

“… huh?” His words register too late—

—and then I am on the ground, struggling for air because he has me
pinned. He smiles, and his teeth are long… sharp… and there are too many
of them to fit in his mouth.

He lifts a hand to wipe away the saliva that dribbles down his chin, and
his eyes have a feral glow. “Xavier got too close,” he remarks. “I had
to get rid of him. Didn’t realize he showed all his findings to you. The
thing about shut-ins, though, that makes you such wonderful pickings, is
that you never go to anyone for help… every time, every class. If
there’s anyone suspicious—and usually there isn’t—but if there is, you
always come to me. A shame, Frogger. You made real progress. I’th be
pthoud of you, ihf you dithnt thmell tho delithious…”

His teeth have gotten too long for his mouth, and warm wet droplets fall
onto my face—

And then it’s back—eyes. Watching me. Soft footsteps.

I look past my slavering professor—and behind him stands a girl, pale in
her gothic makeup.

Brandon’s head turns. “Hnnh?”

She looks down at me. Then at Brandon.

He wipes his face and his teeth retract enough for him to growl, “Nice
of you to join class, Genevieve. My worst student, here with my best.
You know your classmate here thinks you’re immortal? A shame she doesn’t
have my sense of smell, or she’d know better.” He inhales deeply and
smiles. A smile that cracks his face wider than should be possible,
revealing that those teeth run in rows deep into his skull. Then he
tells her to please wait and not run and make him chase her. “I hate
exercising before dinner.” When he turns back to me, his jaws open wide
enough it seems he might swallow my head whole—

“Stop.”

It’s a whisper, but the first word GG has ever spoken.

To my shock, Brandon does stop. He blinks and turns. “What’s that?” He
looks at her, and his eyes have gotten wide, nostrils flaring as he
sniffs the air, as if he smells something on her breath.

She inhales deeply, clenching her fists, and yells: “STOP!”

The world explodes.

I don’t know how to describe it. It’s like the word leaves her body and
in the air becomes a great dark mass of blackness, shadow given form,
and at the same time her real body—her human body—collapses like a
deflated balloon. And the thing that emerges from her voice expands like
spilled ink across my vision, stretching up and above us, and for just
an instant as it looms, all solid black except for vaguely pointed ears
and the flashes of white that might be teeth, I recognize it—the “cat”
she used for her nametag picture. Cat-GG. But of course it is not cat,
and never was. And apparently now that it’s been freed by her voice,
Brandon can definitely smell it, because in the instant before it
envelopes us he springs—leaping with a shocking agility away from me and
up the side of the building.

But that liquid shadow spills upward just as fast, and his screams
vanish into gargling. There is a crunching and squelching, and blood
rains down on me.

And then I hear screaming and this time—this time it is my voice. And
I’m running. Running as fast as my legs will carry me.

Graduation

Brandon’s corpse has not been found. He’s been listed as a “missing
person.” Just like all my classmates. The only exception is Xavier—if I
had to guess, Brandon was interrupted at the scene and fled to avoid
being caught by someone who wasn’t a shut-in.

It’s been weeks, and I still haven’t told anyone all of this. Who would
I tell?

Ironically, even though Brandon’s class didn’t make me an extrovert,
I’ve gotten better at things like grocery shopping. I guess after the
last lethal lesson, well… I’ve found there are scarier things in the
world than small talk (though it’s still in my top ten).

Oh, also, GG messaged me:

GG: Hi.

GG: hope ur ok, frogface. sry if I scared u

ME: Sorry for thinking it was you disappearing people. I was completely
suckered by brandon. :(

GG: its ok

ME: So it was you following me all those times? Watching me?

GG: Yes

ME: You knew what Brandon was and were trying to protect me?

GG: honestly I had no idea about our teacher. The truth is… I followed u
bc I like u. u seem sweet. Im sorry I shouldn’t have been following… I
just took the class bc I have no friends…

ME: Oh… well, kinda glad you did. If you hadn’t, I’d probably be dead.

GG: u not mad, frogface?

ME: No. I actually, um… I followed you, too, the other night. Wasn’t
trying to stalk you but you left your tablet.

ME: So… you’re not gonna try to eat me? Have froglegs for dinner?

GG: no

ME: What about that super scary monster? Cat-GG?

GG: If I don’t use my voice, it sleeps

ME: So we can be friends?

GG: yes

ME: Ok. Well… I have to give your tablet back, so…. How about we meet
next week? Like… like we do in class? I’ll order your drink for you so
you don’t have to talk. We can call it our graduation!

GG: 😊 yes pls

ME: we’ll have a hopping good time 🐸

(Shut up she thinks my jokes are cute.)

So. My new friend might be a monster. And she did just eat our teacher.
But you know what? I’m cool with that.
