For me, the hardest part of being a nurse has always been seeing my
patients suffering from pain. Especially when there’s little I can do to
ease it for them.

It comes from what I consider to be my empathetic nature—that’s why I
wanted to become a nurse in the first place. So that I could help people
and make them feel better. Even so that I could shoulder some of their
burdens and take that pain off their hands through my aid. I always knew
that my patients’ agony would hurt me, emotionally at least.

But I never thought that it could literally kill me.

And yet, that’s what happened to so many that I knew on that fateful
shift.

I had been working in a local hospital in my city, one with a fairly
great reputation and resources. St Mary’s Hospital had been somewhere
I’d wanted to work at when I was doing my placements, and I fit in so
well there. As someone who thrives working under pressure and comforting
people in hard situations, I was typically rostered in the hospital’s
ICU. You might think it would be overwhelming, but it never was for me.

Not until the day I met Brandon.

My long shift was just starting when a new patient was assigned to me.
The patient’s doctor, Dr Harrison, led me to him while explaining his
situation. It was all fairly standard. A young college student who had
been unexpectedly struck by a car while crossing the road, with multiple
broken bones throughout his entire body. He was still being checked for
internal damage after several days’ admission, but was otherwise healthy
and expected to make a full recovery.

I got on well with Dr Harrison, so his calm explanation about the
patient put me at ease. In fact I felt relieved to be working with this
patient, viewing him as a break from the usual insanity of sepsis and
organ failures.

Entering his hospital room, I saw that most of Brandon was in a full
body cast, although his head and torso were unbandaged. The poor guy had
clearly caught the full brunt of the speeding car that had hit him.
Thankfully, his notes told me that he was being sedated with codeine, so
at least he wouldn’t be in much pain. I glanced over his charts before
approaching his bedside, patient IDing him and introducing myself.

“Hi Brandon, my name is Eileen and I’m gonna be your nurse for the next
few days” I told him warmly. Brandon looked like your typical college
aged guy, with a mop of messy brown hair, a youthful face and some
facial scruff. He greeted me with a sincere smile—but his green eyes
were filled with worry. I wanted to put him at ease.

For the next several minutes we made friendly conversation, with me
asking about where he went to college and what he studied as I went
about assessing his bandages. Then came the time for me to assess his
pain level.

“Brandon, I want you to tell me how much pain you’re in right now on a
scale from 1 to 10” I told him. 

Gently, I pointed to a chart on the wall with 6 smiley faces on it,
ranging from a wide smiling one to a blank faced one to a deeply
frowning one. The colours ranged too—the happier faces were moss and
green, the neutral faces yellow and orange, and the miserable faces red
and crimson. 

I explained to him how each face corresponded to pain levels. 0 meant no
pain, 1 and 2 meant mild pain, 3 and 4 meant moderate pain, 5 and 6
meant severe pain, 7 and 8 meant very severe pain, 9 meant excruciating
pain. And 10? Meant the worst pain possible.

He hesitated in thought for a moment, before answering.

“5” he said, with a nod against his pillow.

That made sense for his level of injuries—widespread but stable bone
breaks, with codeine for pain relief. He seemed to be managing the pain
fine, it seemed.

However, what he said next took me completely off guard.

“Look, Eileen, I don’t want to be a burden” he said grimly, fixing my
eyes with a serious stare. “But I have to warn you—no matter what, my
pain level cannot reach 10 on that chart. If it does…it’ll be fatal.”

I was taken aback by this comment. In the past I had had some patients
that were prone to dramatic statements, and others that were deeply
frightened. I was used to this. But Brandon had seemed to be
level-headed and at peace with his injuries. He’d casually talked to me
about his economics course and how long he’d be away from it. He hadn’t
seemed like someone that was terrified of dying.

“Oh honey, don’t worry, we’re gonna take good care of you” I reassured
him with a smile. “Your injuries certainly aren’t life threatening to
you.”

To this, he just looked up at me solemnly, his face framed surrounded by
his casted limbs.

“I’m not saying it will be life threatening to me. If my pain level gets
to level 10, everyone around me is going to die.”

My face went blank. I furrowed my eyes quizzically at this statement.
How much codeine was this kid on right now?

“I know it sounds crazy, but it’s been that way ever since I was a baby”
he pressed on despite my confusion. “Whenever I was in intense pain—if I
fell on the playground, skinned my knee riding a bike, or burned my
mouth on hot food—it would happen. Someone random in a 30 foot radius to
me would die.”

I continued listening, trying to note his facial expression. He didn’t
look like he was hallucinating. He looked like he was recalling
devastating, real memories.

“Sometimes it would be a stranger. More often than not, it would be
someone I knew. They were more likely to be around me. It always came in
the form of heart attacks. The first time it happened it was my cousin
Casey, at my house. There were other relatives. Neighbours. Schoolmates.
The longer and stronger my pain was, the more people died.”

“My pain would probably spike to 7 or 8 on those occasions” he murmured.
“Those few seconds were all it took to kill people.”

Tears started to well up in the corners of his eyes, despite composed
demeanour.

“I spent my whole damn life trying to be as safe as possible. Got my flu
shots, never played sports, rugged up in winter, barely left my room. I
did everything I could—and still got hit by a drunk driver and wound up
in a full body cast.”

Brandon turned from his reverie back to face me. His tearful expression
was pleading.

“You seem really nice. You’re doing really important work to help
people. I don’t want my power….I don’t want to hurt you….”

I decided that I’d let the poor, clearly delirious kid go on for long
enough. I calmly assured him that everything would be okay, and made a
note to have him checked for head trauma from the accident. The day went
on and I continued with my rounds, thinking little of the obviously
imagined story he’d told me.

Until I came back to double check his medical records and add my own
notes to them. His file was unusually long. Apparently, his family had
had a high incidence of cardiac arrests throughout his life. A
grandparent here, an aunt there, a sibling too. And there was his cousin
Casey—the first person to exhibit his heart condition.

Now my interest was piqued. His school records were also on file, and
they had the same occurrences. Classmates of his had died of heart
attacks around him, and he’d been investigated for potentially
instigating them through violence or pranks. Brandon’s history really
was peppered with strange deaths as he’d said it was. Could he have been
telling the truth?

Again, I shook it off. While completing my rounds, I reminded myself
that I had to remain logical and sound in order to do my job. I couldn’t
start believing in crazy superstitions and cursed powers of death.

By the time I returned to Brandon, I could see that he was in a state of
even more distress and agitation. I pointed to the chart and asked him
again to relay what pain level he was in.

It was a 7 now. Severe pain. The codeine must have worn off—or it wasn’t
properly working anymore.

“That level’s enough for people to start dying!” he fretted. “Oh God,
after years it’s gonna happen again!”

I wanted to calm him down. I was going to. But before I could, I heard
an alarm sound from across the hospital floor. One of the other patients
in the ICU was coding at this very moment and staff were needed right
now. So I let Brandon know that I would be right back and darted out of
his room to the scene of the upheaval.

Just one door down from where Brandon was, a patient had just flatlined
out of nowhere. I watched as doctors tried, in vain, to revive him. But
Mr Levante was gone. 

Discussing it with my fellow nurse Aria as they called the time of
death, I couldn’t help but note the strangeness of it. The patient had
been recovering from stomach surgery and was just in the hospital for
post-operative care. There was no reason he should have died then—and of
a heart attack too.

Aria adjusted her blonde bangs and reminded me that this was the ICU and
these things weren’t unexpected. She had no idea about the absurd
death-bringing tale I’d been told earlier. 

Then, just as suddenly as before, another patient died across the
hallway. This time it was someone who had been in the process of being
discharged to another unit, after already recovering from their illness.

I didn’t need another coincidence to convince me this time. I raced back
to Brandon’s hospital room and began to administer to him the codeine
that I’d picked up along the way. He gulped down the tablets as fast as
he could, not even pausing for me to get him water. He hadn’t been due
for his next dose for 2 hours but I didn’t care. I’d eat any reprimands
the nurse in charge gave me. All that mattered was that I alleviated
Brandon’s pain—and stopped the deaths.

It did the trick. Slowly, Brandon’s demeanor relaxed as the pain relief
washed over him. No further deaths followed in the passing minutes. I
looked at Brandon with a look of shared, bleak understanding. His story
finally rang true to me. The rest of my shift would have to be conducted
with that in mind.

The pain had been coming from Brandon’s damaged limbs, so I made sure to
be extremely careful whenever I tended to them. Changing his bandages,
doing wound care and conducting neurovascular checks periodically over
the following 12 hours—it was all done with the gentlest, most delicate
level of care. Any pinches or rips of pain could send his pain levels
soaring again—and I had two examples of what would happen if that
occurred. I could be the next one.

How had they even gotten him into the hospital without paramedics dying
en masse? The answer quickly became clear. Brandon would have been
knocked unconscious during the initial accident. By the time he came to,
his pain had been stabilised and medicated. God knows if any bystanders
passed away at the scene from heart attacks too.

Against all odds, I reached the end of my shift without any incident.
I’d been so preoccupied with Brandon and his codeine that I’d barely
paid attention to any of my other patients—taking care of Brandon was
taking care of them. But I’d kept the hospital alive that day without a
bloodbath. 

Or so I thought.

I had just said good night to Brandon and was headed into the elevator
when Dr Harrison pulled me into a conversation. He wanted to discuss my
care of Brandon. Or at least that’s where I think he was going with the
conversation.

“So, Eileen, before you go” probed Dr Harrison. “I was meaning to check
with you about one of your patients. Is it true tha-”

Midsentence, he dropped to the ground in front of me, clutching his
chest. I knelt down to assist him, shrieking for help, but a few seconds
later he was dead. Another heart attack.

Responding to my cries, a hospital orderly began racing towards us to
assist when he, too, dropped dead gripping his chest. My exhausted mind
whirled over the long 12 hour shift, organising my thoughts into order.
Then, realisation.

Brandon. Something’s happened to Brandon.

Singlemindedly, I leapt up from Dr Harrison’s still body and began
racing to Brandon’s hospital room. The chain reaction of deaths was
happening faster now. On the way, I passed the concerned wife of a
patient asking what had happened to the two dead men near the front
desk.

She went down before I could even shout a response her way. The heart
attack killed her as fast as the others. I sprinted past the hospital
visitor. Brandon’s curse didn’t discriminate.

I burst through the door into Brandon’s room and was met by the
cataclysmic sight of him face down on the floor—his casted limbs
immobile save for him writhing in pain and moaning into the floor.

On the table across the room as a stray codeine pill. He had been
reaching for the pain relief pill I had foolishly dropped in my haste.
In the process, he’d fallen out of his bed and—dear lord—potentially
rebroken every broken bone in his body.

With a voice of haunted terror, I began to ask him the dreaded question.

“Brandon, wh-what’s your pain leve-”

I didn’t need to finish asking. I realised he had been moaning a word
this entire time, again and again.

“9…9…9…” his voice gurgled. His pain was now very severe. The kind of
pain that made speaking near impossible.

“Oh God, it’s rising…it’s rising to 10”.

This shook me out of my panicked stupor. If his pain level reached 10,
everyone in a 30 metre radius—every soul on this hospital floor—would
die. I had to act now. 

I rushed over to haul him back onto the bed, but quickly realised this
would almost certainly cause his pain level to jump, which meant certain
death for everyone. The same followed for trying to knock him out with
force. Codeine was only a moderate opioid—he was gonna need something
stronger.

He was gonna need morphine.

Determined, I set about grabbing the morphine drip and setting it up
while the screams of hospital chaos echoed in the background. I had just
got the bag onto the stand when Aria’s head poked around the corner of
the door frame.

“Eileen, my god, I need your help over here!” Aria cried. “One of my
patients has just gone into cardiac arrest and I—what are you
administering morphine to a patient on the floor?”

Aria was adamant that I come to assist with the domino of flatlining
patients and staff alike. She triaged the situation and insisted I leave
the non-dying teenager. How was she to know that he was the reason for
all the death, that my actions were trying to stop it?

Ultimately, I didn’t need to convince her. My friend keeled over dead
seconds later, too, right before my eyes. 

In fight or flight mode now, I worked the IV drip into moaning Brandon’s
arm. I located a vein in his wrist and inserted the needle, keenly aware
that I could be the next one to go like my colleagues had. At last,
though, the morphine started to flow.

I held Brandon, grief stricken, and felt his pain lessen and lessen.
Alongside it, my panic lessened. Soon, Brandon had passed out into sweet
unconsciousness, parting with his unbearable pain.

The death toll from that deadly day came to 9 people in total—4 staff, 3
patients and 2 visitors. It was the same number as Brandon’s maximum
pain.

St Mary’s Hospital explained the tragedy as a mass panic chain reaction,
triggering a series of undiagnosed arrhythmias. Even though it didn’t
make sense, there was no better explanation. Way more would have died if
not for my actions, but they’d never believe that.

I still wonder if it was really luck that kept me alive, or if it was
Brandon’s fondness of me that protected me from his effect. 

Regardless, with the guilt I feel for not acting faster, my emotional
pain level is at a 10. It is because of this that I’ve dedicated myself
to staying on as Brandon’s nurse for the duration of his recovery. My
responsibility will remain to keep his pain levels out of the red via
care and medication, ensuring there’s no future deaths. It’s a bumpy
road ahead, however.

He begins physiotherapy tomorrow.
