As unfairly hated as flyer distributors are by many people, I’ve learned
that some of them truly deserve the hate. In fact, some deserve even
more.

I should know—I was one of them.

Over the course of just a week, I did many small, terrible things. And
from this, I was forever changed for the worse.

Not too long ago, I was strapped for cash. I had bills to pay after
being randomly let go from my last menial position, rent, utilities,
food—all of that. My days consisted of scouring the Internet for job
listings, mass applying to whatever random roles I could easily submit
my resume to. I was hardly discriminating in what I applied—after the
first few rejections, you open your net pretty quickly.

That’s the process that led to me accepting one of the most unenviable
jobs out there. 

I barely even remember the online job listing for the gig, I’d applied
to so many. But I got an email back from the manager, followed by a
short video interview about my past sales and face-to-face experience.
It wasn’t particularly selective, and the guy really just seemed to want
to know that I was a people person and not bad to look at.

With this confirmed, the job was mine and I grittingly accepted it.

I’d never imagined myself having a despised job. The closest comparison
would be ticket inspectors I saw on public transport, who now looked
like angels compared to the annoyance I’d be putting people through.
Little did I know that it would be far more than annoyance I’d be
handing out…

It was explained to me by Horace—the guy fronting recruitment and
training—that the company I was working for was subcontracted by other
businesses to distribute flyers, with information and discounts. My work
at Zestprint would simply be getting the word out there for other
companies—the worst I thought that would come from it was wasting trees
for paper.

I was starting on the ground floor, but it didn’t occur to me that I was
also a pawn in a much larger, eviler game.

At the start of my first week, I showed up to meet Horace outside a cafe
in the city—the bustling area I’d be stationed at. He looked even more
handsome and charming in person, and I was impressed to see that he was
around the same age. This was belied by his sharp navy suit and expert
white smile, which indicated he’d worked in this role for a while.

Grinning, he handed me a stack of flyers promoting a new sale at a
hardware store. 

“Just hand out these leaflets to every passerby and let them see your
shining character, that’ll pull them in!” beamed Horace. “These little
deals we’re offering will go a long way for the recipients—trust me.”

The flyer pile was decently thick, about the size of a printer paper
stack, but small enough at A5 size for me to hold comfortably. As I
gathered the bright, sleekly designed papers together in my hands,
Horace’s energy darkened slightly, though his smile remained.

“Remember the rules, Mike. All those flyers need to be distributed by
the end of the day, or your pay will be cut” he warned. “It’s strictly
one flyer per person. And don’t get any ideas about dumping them out in
a trashcan in the alley nearby, eh?.”

He added that last part with a playful chuckle, but I knew he was
anything but jovial about that outcome. Horace made no pains about
conveying that, if I destroyed or ditched that pile of papers, he’d know
it.

I already understood that this wasn’t someone to be played with and this
wasn’t a job I could just hack by taking the easiest route. I certainly
wasn’t gonna risk cutting my already meagre paycheck by pulling a fast
one.

“Got it, of course not” I assured Horace, eyeing his own sophisticated
getup in contrast to my own. I’d tried to dress appealingly in a button
up and chinos, but I still looked grubby in comparison to Horace. Well,
that’s why he was the guy in charge, and I was harassing people on a
street corner.

With those words, Horace wished me luck before leaving me to distribute
the flyers.

Before this, I had never really had social anxiety and was normally
fairly extroverted. But despite this, I still found it to be a daunting
experience handing out the flyers to people that day. Most citygoers
that I encountered on that sidewalk would try to avoid making eye
contact with me or would step away when I went to hand a flyer to them. 

Some would flash me apologetic looks or give a hushed “No, thank you”
sheepishly. A handful of these nicer folk would even take a flyer out of
pity. Even fewer people would take one out of sincere interest in what
said flyer advertised. Predictably, I saw a few chuck their recently
obtained flyers into the nearby bin after initially taking one. 

Well, as long as there wasn’t a whole pile in there, it would be obvious
to my boss that I’d at least tried distributing them. I couldn’t get in
trouble for that, at least.

Then there were less pleasant cases who would get angry with me and
return swear words to my offer of a handout. This experience on the
street corner grew more common as I tried to verbally entice people to
take the flyers.

“Would be be interested in thi-”

“Sod off, prick!”

Good day to you too, sir.

The end of the day was drawing nearer, and I still had a lot of my pile
left to distribute. So, I started adding little exciting comments to my
sales technique, mentioning the great savings and offers pedestrians
would get from the flyers, if they just took one. Because of this, more
people ended up taking a flyer. Somehow, I managed to finish handing out
the stack before the day’s end.

By the following day, I was starting to warm up to my new role. Now I
was handing out discount promo flyers for a food store. Here I
introduced another, even more attractive technique to my leafleter
repertoire: complimenting strangers on their appearances.

Confident, I started telling passersby that their clothes looked lovely,
their hair looked stunning, their smiles looked joyous. This buttering
up succeeded in convincing far more strangers to grab a flyer. Of
course, it had the opposite effect for some who were annoyed by the
fakeness—but most people loved my compliments. They took flyers off me
more gently and even asked questions about them.

I was really nailing being a pamphlet pusher.

By the third day, I was used to studying people intently for things to
compliment. It was around now that I started to recognise pedestrians
from earlier days, people walking past again in the same commute they
did daily.

That’s how I began to recognise these small, disquieting changes in
their appearance that I normally would have overlooked.

One kind woman who had taken a flyer from me the other day, after I’d
complimented her lipstick, now had a wart on her nose. A man who had
taken a flyer from me, after I’d praised his tie, now had a rash on his
neck. The schoolgirl who had taken a flyer from me, after I’d commended
her shoes, was now missing a patch of hair.

Now, it’s obviously not unusual for people to develop small and
temporary imperfections.

But the sheer amount of them, all in people that I remembered handing
out flyers, began to alarm me. I wondered if recipients might be having
allergic reactions to the paper or the dye in the flyers somehow. But I
hadn’t had any kind of reaction yet and I’d been holding them all day.
Besides, could all those people really all have the same yet varied
allergic reaction—even those who’d immediately binned their papers?

More of these minute aberrations presented in the stream of pedestrians.
Someone had lost a tooth, some had a mild sunburn, someone had a patch
of pimples. All faces I’d handed flyers to. A number of them who’d taken
flyers over multiple days had stacking, plural blemishes.

My natural talent for the gig was undeniable by Day 4—I’d now empty my
paper pile hours before the end of the day, leaving me spare time to
duck home early.

But all that occupied my mind during that time was my instinctive
apprehension about the flyers’ and physical changes’ correlation.

Therefore, on the day of the week, at the start of my shift, I didn’t
take my usual spot on the corner of Main Street. I’d heard of another
leafletter working on a different street who I’d seen talking to Horace
some days earlier. So, instead of doing my job, I decided to visit her
street corner to talk about things.

Lindi was clearly a seasoned pro at flyer distribution, working fast and
efficiently to pass out the flyers to every passing body like a machine.
A quick smile, brief warm words, a sweeping hand out with nary a paper
cut—she had me beat for skill at this.

I interrupted her flow by a park bench and introduced myself as a fellow
leafletter also working for Zestprint. Not beating around the bush, I
asked straight up if she thought there was something allergenic in the
flyers. To this, she hushedly answered that she couldn’t discuss it
here.

“When I’m on my break, we can discuss this somewhere more private.”

And we did, going to a cafe shortly after and sitting down.

She was a pretty and preppy looking light brunette girl, a female
equivalent of me in that. She, too, was dressed in business casual, in
black jeans and a stylish blouse.

“So, have you noticed people having similar allergic reactions to your
flyers?”

“It’s not an allergy” Lindi replied bluntly. And then she came out and
said it. “You’ve been handing out curses.”

Understandably, I thought she was joking. I quipped something about
discounts being curses for shopaholics. Har har. Her face was grim as
ever. 

“I’m not joking, Mike. This is serious. They are literal curses.”

My body tensed with impossible realisation.

“Well, more accurately, they’re micro-curses.”

What the hell was a micro-curse?

She proceeded to explain it.

“Many big and small businesses make deals with the devil to increase
their fortune and revenue,” Lindi told me nonchalantly, sipping her
cappuccino. “These powerful, demonic rituals for success have a deadly
side effect—in that they generate cursed energy as a byproduct.”

I listened along fascinatedly, my own flat white remaining unsipped. If
pedestrians could hear me out, I could hear her out.

“The only way to dissipate these generated curses is to distribute them
to human beings. If allowed to linger for too long, this cursed energy
will form a deadly void in reality itself. So, the companies, looking to
safely discard this dark byproduct, print them into slips of paper and
have schmucks like us get rid of them.”

My mouth was numb with guilt by now.

“Have…have I been killing, infecting and crippling innocent strangers
with curses this whole time?” I croaked.

“It’s not that severe” was Lindi’s matter-of-fact response.
“Micro-curses, remember? Zestprint is smart enough to hand out just
enough curse energy to each person that no one will cotton on. Nobody’s
gonna die from a tiny, permanent skin imperfection or blemish each day.
They might barely notice.”

God. “Permanent”. That word was heavier than any stack of flyers I’d
held.

“But they’re curses—so victims will carry them for the rest of their
lives, yes.”

I was utterly horrified.

“How on Earth can you be okay with distributing these flyers if you know
this?!” I hissed across the table at my callous colleague. “You said
you’ve been doing this for over a year! That’s countless victims!
Regular people going about their day who trusted you!”

Lindi just shrugged. She clearly didn’t care.

“Look pal, we’re just the little people here. The companies resorting to
the dark arts are the real capitalist monsters. How are we any worse
than realtors screwing people into bad properties, or car salesmen
screwing people into bad cars?”

Dumbfounded by her apathetic words, my gaze came to rest on the stack of
flyers. The ones I still had to get rid of.

As I got up from the table, flyers in hand, Lindi offered a final
warning to me. Like Horace, she reminded me that I needed to finish
handing out at least that stack, lest it form a dark rift in reality. I
told her to go to hell as I left.

I did really want to dump that stack of vile curses straight into the
garbage. But Lindi was right that it would just open a void portal that
could kill many people. Trying to burn, shred or pulp the pile would
have the same effect.

But I felt guilty enough for all the curses I’d already unknowingly,
irreversibly passed out. I couldn’t live with the remorse of doing it to
a single other person. Yet the only people who could distribute the
stacks were Zestprint employees—Lindi’d told me it was in our contract.
So the burden lay on me.

I resigned myself to my fate—and then resigned from my job, calling up
Horace and quitting over the phone before blocking his number. I put the
stack of flyers into an anonymous parcel locker—but not before removing
one of them.

To hand to myself.

Each day thereafter, I returned to that locker and “distributed” another
flyer to myself. With the pile’s cursed energy growing smaller each day
from my sacrifices, no void would form here.

Meanwhile, every day, I absorbed a new micro-curse. A little skin issue
here, a benign mouth issue there, a small eye issue elsewhere. By this
point, I’ve given myself hundreds of micro-curses, and they’ve added up
to something grotesque. I look disfigured—a far cry from the charismatic
man who used to charm people into taking cursed flyers. There’s still
one or two left to receive.

I also have vastly less job prospects than before looking like this, and
I’m unemployed again. But what matters to me is my actions. 

I may look like a monster, but it’s because I resolved to behave like
the opposite.
