https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/1wruybe/im_an_apartment_maintenance_technician_i_get/

Emilio’s dead.

I hadn’t expected to post so soon after my last one. I had been
supervisor for a few months by the last upload, and I thought that was
the end of the story. I was wrong.

It was sudden. I never expected it. It was a Tuesday, and I received my
weekly call from 1001. The work order was mundane. All we had to do was
change the aerator on her bathroom sink. Emilio volunteered to go. I saw
him leave to go take care of 1001, but I didn’t hear from him for the
rest of the day. I didn’t think anything of it. Emilio often slacked off
after going to 1001 because I only really cared if she was taken care of
that day. I thought I had maybe missed him when he clocked out.

I only started to worry when his wife called me that evening. She asked
me if Emilio was still at work, but I told her I thought he had gone
home. I heard her mumbling something about a bar before she hung up, but
my mind immediately jumped to 1001. Something felt off. I tried to call
him, but it went straight to voicemail, and he didn’t reply to any of my
texts.

The next day, I sat in my office praying that Emilio would walk in, or
I’d get a text that he was too sick or hung over, or a resignation email
telling me what a piece of shit I am. Hours passed, and I never heard
from him. Eventually, I did get a phone call, but it wasn’t a voice I
wanted to hear.

I recognized her familiar rasp. “I need you to come and clean up your
employee. Bring the new one and a bone saw.”

Then she hung up. I felt sick. My first thought was shameful.

At least we have good life insurance, I thought. Better than anyone at
corporate. Then I wondered what the hell I was going to tell the new
guy. Emilio and I called him Ford. Sometimes I forgot his real name
because that’s all we called him because he was obsessed with his
pickup. We had an extra golf cart for him to use around the complex, but
he used his truck like he was some kind of off-site handyman that we
hired.

I put off telling him for as long as I could, but I didn’t have much
time. We had never had two calls from 1001 in one week before, but
considering the circumstances, I didn’t want to question it. We had to
get it done by the end of the day. I bought him a Red Bull and breakfast
pizza in a vain attempt to soften the news.

I called him into my office and sat him down on the paint bucket and
explained everything. I told him to write it all down, and he did. I
explained that we had to abide by the emergency rules, with one person
talking and one person working. I told him how sorry I was for not
telling him before he was hired, and I promised to be completely
transparent and honest going forward. What I did not expect was his
reaction.

“Can I use the bonesaw?” he asked.

“The bonesaw? You want to cut up Emilio and put him in trash bags?”

“Look, I’d never do any of it myself, but I love serial killer
documentaries and Dexter. You were the one who said we should be honest.
Besides, we’re better off if you do the talking.”

He wasn’t wrong, but I was a little disturbed. I supposed 1001 picked
him for a reason.

“The sooner we get it done, the better,” I insisted. “So, let’s get to
it.”

“You got it, boss.”

We went to the shop, and I began my ritual of taking my wallet, keys,
and everything else and sticking it in the fridge. Ford did the same. I
was still unnerved by how well he was taking everything. Then we grabbed
the trash bags and gloves, found a suspiciously stained bonesaw, and
tossed it all in the back of my cart.

We drove down to 1001, but we kept being spotted as we went to the door,
so we had to return to the office and start over. Normally, I’d be
annoyed, but this time I didn’t mind. I wanted to illustrate to Ford how
important it was to follow the rules, and he never pushed back. By the
sixth time, we were finally able to enter the apartment. We did our foot
wiping and our knocking, then I heard her voice through the door.

“Come on in!”

I swung the door open and braced. The stench was already unbearable. I
didn’t understand how the rot could be so bad after only one day. We
both started to dry heave but held in our breakfasts. For the most part,
the apartment looked the same as it always did. Piles of discarded
containers of rotten food strewn all about the place, the sticky
brownish film made from years of grease that covered every surface, and
the massive woman-shaped thing that inhabited the couch.

Part of me held out hope that Emilio was somehow still alive. That she
had just kept him as some kind of pet and that cleaning him up meant
something else. But no. He was truly dead. He was in the hall in front
of the bathroom—or rather, what was left of him. There was a large chunk
missing from his neck so that his head dangled unnaturally behind his
shoulder from what little flesh was left. I believed this is what killed
him, but there were many other wounds on his body, as it appeared she
had continued to feed on him despite the decomposition, which seemed to
have progressed at an unnatural rate. Maggots poured out from his mouth,
nose, ears, and wounds. His skin was a sickly shade of brown, so far
from the deep tan he was supposed to be. His company nametag sat
completely untouched, clipped to his shirt, as if nothing ever happened.
It took everything I had in me to stay composed.

“What the fuck?” Ford whispered.

“Shut the hell up,” I whispered back.

I stepped towards her and began my greeting. “Thank you for inviting us.
My colleague is here to work. I will be speaking to you.”

Then I elbowed Ford, and he made his way to the body. He immediately
began sawing at Emilio’s thigh, and she looked up at me and smiled.

“Finally,” she rasped. “You and I can get to know each other.”

I swallowed nervously as she began the first volley of questions.

“What is your name?”

“Caleb.”

“What is the name of your girlfriend?”

“Andrea.”

“Does she know that you smoke cigarettes?”

“No.”

“I can make it so that she doesn’t care.”

“No, thank you.”

I tried my best to focus on her questions and offers, but it was hard as
Ford was sawing into Emilio. He had made it through the muscle and flesh
on his right leg, and I could see him struggle as he hit the femur.
Despite the respirator, I started to feel sick as I heard the sound of
the blade grind against the bone. For a moment, that’s all I could focus
on until I realized she was suddenly standing right beside me. I could
tell she asked me something, but I didn’t hear her. She was grinning;
her blood stained teeth looked ready to latch onto me.

What did she ask me?

“No, thank you,” I guessed.

Her mouth closed, but she still loomed over me. Her next barrage began.

“I can give you cash.”

“No, thank you.”

“I can give you gold.”

“No, thank you.”

“I can give you women.”

“No, thank you.”

And on and on and on she went. She asked me about every member of my
family. She asked me about every woman I ever dated. She offered me all
that I could ever ask for, and I turned her down. She asked the same and
offered the same things over and over again in different ways. All the
while, meat was being flayed and bones were cracking in the background.
She was alternating questions and deals when she finally said something
that rocked me.

“Does your girlfriend know about the lump on her breast?”

The what? I thought.

“I don’t think so.”

“I can take away the cancer.”

I paused. I had so much I wanted to ask her. What did she mean by
cancer? I wanted to press her to find out what stage it was, to ask for
a diagnosis. I wanted to believe it wasn’t true, but she never lied.
Javier made that clear. Her jaw opened as I hesitated, and I saw out of
the corner of my eye Ford bagging one of Emilio’s arms.

I bit. “What do I have to give?”

A smile crossed her face that was so wide, I thought her skull was about
to split.

“What can you give me?” she asked.

“I can give you all the money back,” I offered.

“Not good enough,” she said.

“I can work here until I die.”

“That might happen, but that’s not what I want.”

“Just tell me what you want!” I demanded.

“Once you find the right trade, we can make a deal.”

Then, suddenly, her smile faded, and I saw Ford stand. He had filled
four bags full of Emilio’s gore, and he was ready to drag it all out of
the apartment. I looked at him and nodded. He started explaining the
work he performed, and I only thought about what she said. Was Andrea
going to die if I didn’t make a deal? What did she want from me?

He finished his explanation, then we said, “We’re sorry for our
mistakes, and we promise to return next week.”

Then I helped him drag the bags out. As soon as we were out of there,
Ford ran and vomited onto a lawn. It seemed cutting up a body wasn’t as
fun as he thought it would be. We dumped the bags in different dumpsters
around the property and went back to my office. I prepared for Ford to
let me have it, but he just sat on the bucket looking wide-eyed.

I opened my desk drawer to pull out $1400. I’ve never seen how it gets
there. A thousand for me and the rest for him. I pocketed my end and
turned to Ford. He just stared at the space in front of him.

“Ford… Ford!” I tried to get his attention, but he didn’t respond.

Then I grabbed his wrist and put the money in his hand. That finally
snapped him out of it.

“What’s this for?” he asked.

“That’s for servicing 1001. Every week when you go back, you’ll get
another $400. Cash.”

“I don’t think I can go back there, man. What the hell was that?”

“I honestly don’t know much, only what I’ve been told. The guy who had
my job before me said everything would get worse if we stopped, and I
believe him. She knows things she shouldn’t, and you saw what she did to
Emilio.”

“I still can’t go back in there.”

I didn’t want to force him. I thought I was allowed to service her even
if he didn’t want to.

“It’s fine, but you won’t get the bonus, and if there’s an emergency,
there needs to be two of us. You’re the only other person in the world
who can do this.”

“Can’t you hire someone else?”

“I can try, but she gets the final say in whoever is hired. It was the
same for me and for you.”

“Shit, okay. I don’t know if I would have taken this job if I knew it
would be like this.”

“Me neither.”

Neither of us did much for the rest of the day. I pushed the calls from
other residents until the next day. I just told the manager that we were
having 1001 issues, and he didn’t argue.

Towards the end of the day, I got a call from the police asking me to go
down to the station. They said they were looking into Emilio’s
disappearance, and they wanted to speak to me. That immediately made me
sweat. Did someone somehow know what we did in 1001? Did they find the
parts in the dumpsters? Did she somehow tell them?

Once I clocked out for the day, I made my way into town. I’ve never
mentioned the name of the town before, but it’s called Autumn’s Rest. I
am not from here but it’s very nice. The downtown is surprisingly lively
and there’s tons of nice restaurants opening up in town all the time.
Once I arrived at the station I met with the detective who had spoken
with me on the phone. He brought me into an interrogation room. They
brought me water and offered to buy me a burger from the restaurant
across the street. I wasn’t sure I could eat a burger after what
happened, so I turned them down.

The detective sat across from me and asked me what I knew about Emilio’s
disappearance.

“I don’t know much. I saw him come into work on Tuesday, but I never saw
him leave. I got a call from his wife. She was worried but assumed he
went to a bar. I never saw him again.”

“That’s all?” the detective asked.

“That’s all,” I assured him.

He suddenly stiffened. “We received a tip that he was seen going into
apartment 1001. Do you know anything about this?”

I tried my best to put on my best poker face, but I could almost feel
myself turning pale. How could Emilio, someone who’d been there longer
than me, somehow forget to follow the first rule?

“Um… I—”

Suddenly, he cut me off and asked, “Was it handled?”

I played dumb. “Was it handled?”

“Did you take care of the problem in 1001?”

I suddenly realized that he knew, but I still wasn’t sure how to
proceed.

“Am I in trouble?” I asked.

“Not if you took care of the problem.”

“If you’re referring to what I think you are, then yes. We took care of
it today.”

“Good. That’s all we wanted to know. You are free to go.”

I left the station feeling more confused than anything. I thought they
were going to nail me right then and there, but they knew. They weren’t
the only ones, either. The hospital staff seemed to know, and I started
to wonder just how many people in this town knew about 1001.

That night, I tried to get 1001 off my mind. I knew I didn’t have to
worry about it for a week. I kicked back on the sofa and had a few
beers. My girlfriend could tell something was off, but I didn’t want to
unload everything on her. I didn’t think she would understand. I implied
it was just a rough day at work, which was pretty much true.

It turned out I was wrong. I wasn’t free of 1001. The time was 1:01 AM.
I was woken up by the on-call ringtone on my phone. This wasn’t unusual.
Even before Emilio… we had a small crew, so I participated in the
on-call rotation. If there was an emergency in the middle of the night
we had to go and take care of the issue. I assumed it was one of the
many other residents. Then I heard the familiar, ruined voice on the
other line.

“My AC is leaking. I need you to come take care of it.”

The line clicked off. I had no idea what I was supposed to do. I had
never received a call from 1001 in the middle of the night. Javier never
trained me on this. I didn’t know if there were any special rules I had
to follow or if I had to bring anybody with me, but I knew one thing. I
couldn’t leave it alone.

First, I went to my office and searched around for anything that might
tell me what to do. Maybe some kind of note or file that Javier left
behind. I tore the place apart but found nothing. I tried something I
hadn’t done in months and dialed Javier’s number. I couldn’t think of
anything else.

It went straight to voicemail.

I swore to myself. I didn’t think he would answer. We didn’t end on the
best of terms. I couldn’t think of anything else except to fulfill the
work order as I normally would.

I found myself wiping my feet and knocking on her door.

“Come on in!”

The apartment was completely dark, save for the dim light from the hall,
but I could hear her rasping breath. I could also smell the rotting
stench from the remnants of Emilio’s corpse, and I began to gag. I had
forgotten the respirator. Once I regained control, I felt around on the
wall as fast as I could for a switch, then flipped it on.

There she lay deep in the groove her body had formed on the couch. She
smiled at me but didn’t say a word. Her eyes were fixed on me as if I
were her next meal, and I was worried that I would be. I approached her
and gave my usual greeting.

“Thank you for inviting me. I am here to work.”

I walked to the hall and flipped on the switch there. The evaporator
unit was in the hall above a low-hanging tile ceiling, and I could
clearly see the water had leaked through one of the tiles and collected
on the ground. It had mixed with the bloodstains from Emilio’s corpse
and formed a pool of blood. Maggots writhed around in the filth. I
fought back another gag, then lifted the ceiling tile.

As I did that, I heard her stand and move impossibly fast across the
room. I quickly turned to see her,and I feared she was going to unhinge
her jaw and attack me. Instead, she just silently stared at me and
smiled, which was so unlike her. Normally, she just jabbered on and on
at me, and I had to ignore her. Now, her silence unnerved me more than
ever. I was prepared to run and jump through one of the windows as fast
as I could.

She didn’t move, so I went back to checking the AC. It was just as I
suspected. The drip pan was full of water, and I figured there was
probably a blockage in the drain line. I had brought a small shop vac
just for this, and I went to the bathroom and looked under the sink
where the drain line emptied. I heard her follow me to the door, and I
strained to listen in case she came closer.

When I detached the drain line from the pipe, no water dripped out,
confirming my suspicion. I plugged in the shop vac and put it to the
line. I flipped it on and almost immediately felt something come unstuck
in the drain, followed by the flow of water. As I was draining the
water, I felt her hand suddenly touch my shoulder.

I flew up from where I was crouched and backed against the wall. She
just stood there, still smiling the same as before. I shivered in
disgust. She had NEVER touched me like that before. The last time she
touched me was to grab my wrist while she was devouring Javier. That
somehow felt more natural and preferable to her gently caressing my
shoulder.

I finished the job as fast as I could, and as soon as I placed the
ceiling tile back, I explained my work to her. I wasn’t sure what to
say, so I just went with my usual goodbye.

“We’ll be back next week.”

She didn’t try to stop me as I made my way out the door, so I figured I
was good, but I had figured that before and been wrong. I walked over to
the road to empty the shop vac, and out came the bloody water, along
with what I was almost positive was Emilio’s finger. It flowed with the
rest of the water down a sewer grate. I wasn’t ready to go home, so I
went back to my office.

I’m not the crying type, but as I sat alone in my office, I broke down
sobbing. The fluorescent light above me was the only other thing howling
in the dark. I had been holding a lot in since Emilio disappeared, and
it all came pouring out. The guilt, the fear, the confusion, all at
once. I didn’t know what to do. Something had changed, and I had no way
out. I returned home and had a restless night with very little sleep.

Over the next two days—or rather, nights—she kept calling. The problems
were all real. She had leaky pipes, a loose toilet seat, but most of
them wouldn’t be considered on-call emergencies. I didn’t think I could
turn her down if she asked me to do something. It was always at 1:01 AM,
and she was the same every time. She was always silent, and she always
touched me at some point in the visit. I started to notice strange marks
on my skin where she touched me. No wounds or anything, but strange
discoloration and small dark marks. I was becoming exhausted, and I
constantly felt sick and nauseous. I needed a way out, and Javier wasn’t
answering his phone.

Eventually, I learned of Emilio’s funeral, and I was invited. It was to
be the next day, Saturday. Apparently, the police told his family he was
dead shortly after they spoke to me. I wouldn’t have gone, but I
realized Javier would be there since he was his brother-in-law, and I
desperately needed answers, or I would drop dead simply from exhaustion.

The next day, my girlfriend and I woke up early for the funeral. All I
wanted to do was crawl back under the covers, but I had to go. During
the ceremony, I found out Javier was one of the pallbearers, but I knew
there was no body in the casket. The whole thing was in Spanish, and I
didn’t understand a lick of it, even though my nana was from Chile. I
waited for an opening to pull Javier aside, and found one at the wake
when people were getting up to eat. Javier sat there by himself, and I
beelined over to him.

I said, “Javier, we need to talk.”

“I thought you didn’t want to talk to me anymore, mijo,” he replied.

“Things have changed.” My voice was thick with desperation.

His expression turned serious, and he asked, “What is it?”

“She’s started calling at night, and I don’t know what to do.”

“This isn’t good,” he said. “Anything else?”

“She’s been touching me. Not like sexually or nothing, but just resting
her hand on me and stuff.”

His voice was stern. “You started to make a deal with her, didn’t you?”

“I did,” I admitted. “She told me Andrea’s got cancer. What should I
do?”

“She’s going to keep calling until you figure out what she wants. You’ve
started the deal, and whatever it is, there’s no way out now. If you
don’t give her what she wants, she will take it out on you or someone
you care about. Until you figure it out, you have to go every time she
calls and take care of the issue. Same as you would any work order.
Follow all the same rules.”

“What happens when I figure out what she wants?”

“You have to give it to her.”

“There’s no other option, is there?”

“No, mijo. You’ve made your bed, now you have to lie in it.”

Soon, his family started to sit down around the table, and he said, “It
was good catching up with you. Give me a call sometime. I’ll be sure to
answer.”

I nodded, and soon we left. I didn’t feel like I belonged there anyway.
None of this would have happened if I had gone instead of Emilio.
Besides, I had to figure out what she wanted from me.

She called again that night, as she had done every night since we
removed Emilio. This time, one of her kitchen cabinets was loose, and it
needed to be fixed that night. I wouldn’t dare question the resident in
1001, so I went, as dead on my feet as I was.

She was the same as every other night. She towered over me in silence. I
decided I was the one who was supposed to break it.

“What do you want from me?” I pleaded.

She was as quiet as the darkness around us.

“I can chop off my hand and feed it to you. I can stay here and sleep
for a night. I can burn down the front office! Just tell me what you
want! Give me some kind of hint, please!” I was begging now. I just
wanted it all to end.

Finally, something in her seemed to register, and her eyes flicked to
her closed door. Somehow, she seemed to look past it and across the hall
towards my door. I tried to think about what that could mean.

“Do you want something from my apartment?”

Her smile widened.

“What is it? Do you want my old journal? Pictures of my family? The
engagement ring I haven’t given to Andrea?”

Silence. Then the worst possible thought crossed my mind.

“Do you want Andrea?”

“That is what I want,” she whispered. Then she went and lay back on her
couch.

I walked over to her.

“I’m not giving you Andrea! You can’t have her! There has to be another
way!” I demanded, but she simply smiled back up at me. I clenched my
fist in rage. I’d have hit her if I thought it would do anything.

“Fuck this!” I shouted. I went and finished the work order, then gave
her my prescribed farewell, promising to return the next week.

When I returned home, the lights were on in my apartment, and Andrea was
sitting at the kitchen table. I couldn’t read her face, but I could tell
I must be in trouble. I didn’t sit; instead, I leaned forward against
the back of a chair and waited for her to start.

“What the hell is going on with you?” Her words sounded more like a plea
than a demand.

“Nothing,” I answered. “Just work stuff.”

“It’s not just work stuff, I can tell. Something is wrong with you.
You’ve been distant and on edge since last week. You look sick and tired
all the time now. I can tell when you’re hiding something from me, and
you said you wouldn’t do this anymore!”

I didn’t know what to say. What could I tell her? We had been here for
close to a year now, and I hadn’t said a thing about 1001. Would she
even believe me?

“Say something!” I could see the tears forming in her eyes.

“There is something I haven’t been telling you,” I admitted. She
stiffened, preparing for what I was about to say.

I let it all out, starting from the beginning. The moment I started
working there, I noticed Javier and Emilio were visiting the same
apartment every week. Unit 1001. I told her how Javier never told me
exactly what was happening. Then, one day, I was allowed to go there,
and I explained to her all the rules I was supposed to follow and how
that’s where the initial $400 had been coming from. I eventually got to
what happened to Javier and how I was promoted so he could leave. I had
to tell her about Emilio’s death and how we had to remove his body.
Finally I told her about the cancer the resident told me that Andrea had
and how I had started to make a deal. I connected it all to the nightly
visits and why I looked like death.

I could tell she was having a hard time believing me. She stared at me
like I was crazy.

“You’re serious?” she asked.

“I’m serious. Why would I make this all up?”

“Maybe you’re having some kind of breakdown,” she offered as an answer.

“I can prove it. Go check yourself.”

I was sure that she would find something, that I wasn’t crazy. Still, a
small part of me wondered if she was right. This whole thing was crazy.
My doubts were shattered as she burst out of the bathroom. She was a
mess of anger and tears.

“I might have cancer, and you kept it from me! How could you keep all of
this to yourself for so long?”

“I’m sorry, but it’s my job and my burden! As long as I live, I’m not
going to let anyone else carry it anymore. I was going to take care of
everything, and you weren’t even going to have to worry about cancer.”

“Cancer’s treatable!” she sputtered. “Whatever is across our hall is
worse! You made a deal with some monster about me and my body without
ever telling me! That is not okay, Caleb! What’s the deal you made with
her, anyway?”

I hesitated. “She wants you.”

“What does that mean?” she snapped.

“I don’t know yet, but whatever it is, it means she wants you to go into
her apartment. I’m not letting that happen. I’ll just keep going every
night if that means protecting you.”

“Don’t you understand? I never asked you to protect me! At least not
like this. You’re falling apart, and it’s only been a few days. I can’t
let you deteriorate into nothing!”

“It’s too dangerous. I can’t let you.”

“Caleb, I will leave you if you don’t stop this. I am serious. You have
to let me in, and you have to trust me.”

We held silence for some time. As much as I didn’t want to admit it, I
knew she was right. I couldn’t keep doing this, and I couldn’t keep
hiding things from her.

“I don’t know what she wants from you yet,” I said. “But when I find
out, I promise to tell you. Then you can decide what you want to do.”

“Okay,” she said. “Let’s get to bed. You need to get some rest.”

For the first time in a while, I fell right asleep. I was allowed to
sleep in that morning because it was Sunday, but I still had to go in to
check the pool and to make sure there weren’t any emergency work orders
submitted overnight. When I walked into my office late that morning, I
noticed a note on my desk. The parchment was yellowed with age, and it
was written in gold ink. It was a strange list of rules.

1.  The keeper may walk you to the door, but no one else can see you.
2.  You must wipe each of your feet four times and knock with each of
    your hands four times.
3.  Wait until she invites you. You must enter alone, and the keeper
    must leave.
4.  When you are inside, you must greet her and say, “I hope you are
    well. I am here to have tea with you.”
5.  The tea will already be prepared. Two cups will be on the table.
    Bring one to her and keep one for yourself.
6.  Do not sit anywhere. The place is filthy.
7.  Your cup and the tea are clean. You must finish your tea.
8.  She will try to converse with you. Do not answer any of her
    questions or accept any of her offers. You must politely nod and
    smile while she talks.
9.  Do not be rude by rushing to finish your tea. You must be there for
    at least fifteen minutes.
10. Once fifteen minutes have passed and you finish your tea, you may
    excuse yourself. Say to her, “Thank you for the tea. I have to
    leave, but I will be back next week.” Then place the cup on the
    table and immediately leave.
11. You will visit every Wednesday evening. If you are unable to go, you
    must find another woman to temporarily visit in your place.

I assumed that the keeper must be referring to me. My first instinct was
to hide it. To rip it up and burn it, but I knew I had to show it to
Andrea. After I finished my Sunday duties, I returned home and showed
her the paper. I watched her as she carefully read it. Her eyes scanned
every line over and over again.

When she was finished, she stopped and looked up at me and said, “This
isn’t so bad. I can do this.”

“Really? Just like that, you’re willing to go in there?”

“Yeah, honestly, your job seems worse. At least I don’t have to fix
anything, and I only have to be there for fifteen minutes at a time.”

I was reluctant, but I said, “Okay, then. I will walk you over on
Wednesday after we both get off of work.”

That night, I dreaded my nightly 1:01 AM call, but no call ever came. I
slept peacefully through the night, and there wasn’t another call for
1001 until Tuesday, when she normally called. It was a ridiculously
simple work order. Change a lightbulb in her kitchen. Ford was still
refusing to go, but I was happy he came back to work at all. Even if he
didn’t really talk to me anymore. So I went down to her apartment and
followed the regular routine. I changed her light, collected my $1000,
then took Andrea out someplace nice to eat that night.

The next day rolled around, and soon it was time for Andrea to face her.
I arrived back at home first and waited for her. I downed a few beers to
try and calm my nerves, and when she finally arrived, I considered
trying to change her mind one more time. But I knew it wouldn’t be the
right thing to do.

She asked me, “Are you ready?”

“As ready as I can be. You?”

“I’m ready,” she said, full of determination.

“I honestly wish the neighbor was just trying to rob us,” I joked, and
she laughed.

Then we made our way across the hall, holding hands. I checked around
for any witnesses, but there were none. I let go of her hand as she
began wiping her feet and knocking. Then I heard the voice that smoked a
thousand packs.

“Come in, dear!”

I watched her walk inside, then I turned my back and entered back into
my own apartment. It felt like I smoked every hidden cigarette I had
left and drank every beer in the fridge while I was waiting for her.
Eventually, those fifteen minutes passed, and suddenly the front door
opened. Andrea walked in. I sighed with so much relief, it felt like it
was the first time I ever exhaled.

We had a conversation about what happened. I won’t detail that too much
here. Instead, Andrea has agreed to write down what happened from her
point of view. The next section is in her own words:

I felt nervous when Caleb let go of my hand but also weirdly excited.
I’ve never been the type of person to take risks before, and now here I
was about to walk into the apartment of a woman who I was told ate a
man. When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was the smell, which I
don’t think I was sufficiently warned about. It was awful. Some bizarre
mix between death, sewage, and the aroma of freshly brewed tea.

Trash and flies were everywhere. I am now convinced that every fly I
have ever found in my apartment originated here. They seemed to be on
every wall and every surface. Then I saw her. She was even more gross
than I imagined. She was big. I expected that, but I don’t think she had
ever seen the inside of a shower. Her hair was all matted, and her
clothes were covered in grease and stains. I greeted her as I was
supposed to.

“I hope you are well. I am here to have tea with you.”

Then she replied, “Thank you, dearie. Tea’s on the table. Your cup is
the one with flowers on it.”

It was as she said. There was my cup, all white and clean with pretty
floral patterns on it. There was a brown liquid inside, as I expected.
Next to it was her cup. It was chipped, broken, and a little yellowish.
Inside wasn’t what I would describe as tea, and the word liquid may have
been an exaggeration as well. It was more of a grey sludge. Her cup was
surprisingly warm, and I picked both up and brought them over to her. I
handed her cup over, then held mine with both hands. I took a sip before
she began. It was the best tea I’d ever had. This would almost be enough
of a reason to return every week.

Then she started talking. I tried my best to nod and smile along.

“Oh, it’s so nice to have a proper guest. Thank you so much for coming,
my dear. It’s been ages since the last time someone’s had tea time with
me. It’s probably been almost sixty years, but there have been times
when I’ve been even longer without a visit like this. Enough about me,
anyway. Tell me about yourself. How do you enjoy living at my property?”

I felt the words form in my throat. I actually wanted to talk to her,
but I held back. I smiled and nodded, and she continued.

“Is there anything I can do to improve your stay while you’re here? Just
say the word, darling, and I’ll do it. I can make Caleb stop smoking if
you’d like. I bet you didn’t know about that.”

I did not, and I made a mental note to talk about it to him later.
However much that annoyed me, I still refused to bite.

She kept asking me all sorts of questions about myself and my family.
She seemed genuinely interested and almost hurt that I never responded
with more than a nod and a smile. She continued to offer me things, but
I held my ground.

Before I knew it, I glanced over at her oven clock and saw that fifteen
minutes had gone by, and I could leave. I had already finished my tea
and wished that I could have some more.

It was like she read my mind when she said, “Oh, dear, let me fix you
some more tea. Stay awhile. I won’t bite you.”

Instead, I responded with, “Thank you for the tea. I have to leave, but
I will be back next week.”

Then I set my cup on the table and left. I heard her voice ring out
behind me.

“Come back soon, my darling! I look forward to our visits!”

I slammed the door shut behind me. Even though she wasn’t really
threatening, the whole thing still felt off. Whatever was going on
there, it wasn’t natural, like Caleb said, and I decided I believed
everything he told me about her. I was looking forward to telling him
about my experience, and I made my way back across the hall and into our
own apartment.

End of Andrea’s account.

I can’t say that I’m thrilled Andrea will be going into 1001 every week,
but I am relieved I no longer have to shoulder this burden on my own. I
didn’t realize how much I was carrying during those months of silence.
The resident kept her end of the bargain as well. Shortly after Andrea’s
visit, she checked herself again, and the lump was gone. I guess we’ll
never know for sure if it was actually cancer, but I believe that it
was. The resident never lies.

It seems we have found a balance with her. She’s continued to leave me
alone at night, and the marks she left on me have started to fade, but
now I know how easily things can break with her. I know I can’t let it
go on forever, but for now, what choice do I have? I don’t know if I can
find a way out that doesn’t end with me dead or forcing my job on
someone else, but if anything changes, I will be sure to post and
update. For now, I will enjoy my weekly bonus and do my best to keep
everyone around me safe.
