-вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”-

State Of New York Case No.В PT444fffjd3234

The following document was recovered from the home and crime scene of
Jack Marlow of Upstate New York. ItвҖҷs unclear if he wrote the following
before committing suicide, but first responders to the scene believe it
to be directly linked to the investigation. Certain aspects of the
material have been redacted for the privacy of the people and companies
involved. The document has been directly linked, not copied.

-вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”-

вҖӢ

вҖӢ

Let me begin by saying that my several years at [REDACTED] have been
truly fulfilling! Since my first day, IвҖҷve only looked forward to the
next, hoping there were more ways I could help keep the company growing.
My strict but fair manager, [REDACTED] has been supportive and honest
with me about my workload and the compensation thereof. I foolishly
attempted to ask for a raise years before I knew my role. I was
immediately reprimanded for the company time I wasted and including the
time for the disciplinary action that I brought upon myself. It was a
great learning experience! I could not have been corrected without it.

Today I begin my 25th year of ~~obedience~~ employment and am very proud
to give my mandatory acceptance speech. The rewards I will be given,
which I have agreed to as вҖҳfairвҖҷ on my HRвҖҷs behalf, include the
following: A voucher for half-off any (1) item from the company
cafeteriaвҖҷs вҖҳsoon to expire perishablesвҖҷ section, (1) discounted re-used
company uniform, and a single ten-hour vacation day (to be used in the
break room; subject to be on-call). My requests for the use of a
personal fan and to have the fluorescent light fixed over my cubicle
were denied. I accept that and the resulting disciplinary action
scheduled for next week.

What a ride it has been! Every day as busy as the last and no different
from the first. I canвҖҷt wait to see what is in store for me for the next
25 years. My вҖңdisobedient will to distract myself and othersвҖқ, as
diagnosed by the company-provided medical professional (terms and
conditions may apply) Dr.В [REDACTED], I might hope for something new,
more pay, or a sense of personal fulfillment. But I understand and agree
that I will be happy with what I get!

Luckily, my thoughts are just that. Thoughts. I know to keep my head
down and look to the future because when the company succeeds, we ALL
~~scream~~ SUCCEED! I would like to thank my company-approved вҖңwork
friendвҖқ in cubicle 94-B of section LL, [REDACTED] (deceased), for always
being there for me during our 5-minute quarterly breaks. And to my
former intern and trainee, [REDACTED] (missing) for reading to me one of
the many 15 company-approved ~~they fucking killed him~~ jokes during
our gracious 4 minute lunch break. I was instructed to clear my cubicle
out last Friday ~~because IвҖҷm getting old,~~ because when I return
Monday, ~~and IвҖҷm not as productive anymore~~ IвҖҷll have a new position
waiting for me!

I just know my superiors are looking out for me, so I know theyвҖҷll make
sure IвҖҷm taken care of!

вҖӢ

вҖӢ

-вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”вҖ”

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

Pursuant To Penal Code В§9945003

Notes: The victim was pronounced dead upon the officerвҖҷs arrival. The
case was first closed, marked as suicide, but has recently been
reopened.
