Part 1

‚Äã

Hey guys.

‚Äã

I know what you‚Äôre thinking, woah, he‚Äôs back! It‚Äôs been so long!

‚Äã

Yeah well, I‚Äôm sorry about that. Truth be told, I‚Äôve been pretty busy
between school and work. I work at the post office now right across from
campus so I don‚Äôt really have much time on my hands. Also, my laptop
broke and I was too lazy to type stuff out on my phone.

‚Äã

That‚Äôs besides the point though.

‚Äã

Right now, I‚Äôm at work. I should be doing work things instead of typing
on my phone but I‚Äôm not able to.

‚Äã

Instead, I‚Äôm sitting my ass on this cold, tiled floor in the lobby
behind the checkout desk while my coworker has barricaded himself in the
bathroom. I‚Äôm not sure if he‚Äôs still crying or not but if he is, I don‚Äôt
blame him.

‚Äã

Honestly though, it‚Äôs a fucking miracle that I‚Äôm able to get any sort of
wifi here to be able to post this right now. The office in the back has
been completely smashed up but I guess the router of all things somehow
survived so I can‚Äôt complain too much. I guess I should explain what‚Äôs
happening, shouldn‚Äôt I?

‚Äã

Like I said in my previous post, I live at the edge of a small, shitty
town and I go to a just as equally, shitty university that‚Äôs across the
street from where I work. My university is weird but I‚Äôve learned that
the town is weirder. The weirdness mostly involves paranormal happenings
that I just so happened to not believe in but I honestly think that‚Äôs
changed since I got here.

‚Äã

There isn‚Äôt much in the town besides the post office, the coffee house,
the police department, city hall and of course you can never forget the
park where some kids go to scream at night because of all the built up
stress homework and exams gives them.

‚Äã

Anyway, I went to work today. I started a while back ago and usually
work in the evenings. They were nice enough to work with my class
schedule so I was able to come here and still have time to study back in
my dorm. There aren‚Äôt very many people who work here. Steven, the guy
who‚Äôs hiding in the bathroom, Molly, the girl who also goes to school
with me and Bill. I don‚Äôt know much about Bill besides the fact that he
loves Harley‚Äôs and only drives a Harley motorcycle. He also has an
unhealthy obsession with beef jerky and dresses like he just got off the
ranch handling some cows.

‚Äã

Right now, it‚Äôs just me and Steven today. Usually what we do is whenever
packages and stuff come in, we‚Äôll go in the back and sort out the mail,
putting them into their respected PO Boxes and help customers with
whatever mail related needs they have. It‚Äôs simple, pays well and
oftentimes we can close up early if we want to because we don‚Äôt have
that much to do.

‚Äã

Today started off pretty normal. Steven was already behind the counter,
wiping it down with a Clorox wipe while I clocked in to start my shift.
Steven‚Äôs a decent guy. Like Bill, I don‚Äôt know much about him other than
he‚Äôs around 24-25, has strikingly blue eyes and messy brown hair with a
bit of a stubble on his chin, lives in town by the lake and also has his
own shop there where he likes to spend his time building props and
stuff. He‚Äôs told me he mostly does it as a hobby and occasionally he‚Äôll
sell them on Etsy or EBay but most of the time he keeps them on display.
Steven was one of the first people I met while working here. I met Molly
next throughout my first week and Bill I had already met since he was
the hiring manager. Bill decided that Steven would be my trainer for now
until I was ready to man the place on my own.

‚Äã

Anyway, I clocked in and hopped behind the counter. We had a couple of
people come in to check their mail who were mostly university students
but other than that, it was a mostly quiet day. Steven and I chatted
about how our week was and we worked on cleaning up the back mailroom,
sweeping up trash and dusting off furniture and such. I occasionally
asked Steven some personal questions to mainly get to know him better
like, ‚ÄúWhat do you like to do for fun?‚Äù Or, ‚ÄúGot any good stories to
tell?‚Äù He would happily oblige, telling me about his hiking adventures
through the woods with some family members or telling me about that time
he belly flopped into a pool of whipped cream. ‚ÄúIt was a kiddie pool,
just to be clear.‚Äù He would specify.

‚Äã

We talked for several hours, cleaned and helped customers whenever they
came in. Everything was going smoothly and then that‚Äôs when some guy
came in. I‚Äôll call the guy, Mr.¬ÝV. It‚Äôs not creative but just fucking
roll with it. Mr.¬ÝV comes in, cradling a box in his arms. He‚Äôs dressed
in one of those fancy suit jackets you could get at a Men‚Äôs Wearhouse,
has a clean shave and slicked back, blonde hair. The box he‚Äôs cradling
in his arms is of standard size and looks like a regular, cardboard box
that‚Äôs been taped up neatly on all sides.

‚Äã

‚ÄúCan I help you? Are you looking to ship something?‚Äù I ask him. He only
stares at me though.

‚Äã

I got an antsy feeling in my gut. Like, you know when you feel
something‚Äôs off but you aren‚Äôt sure what it is? That‚Äôs what it felt
like. I guess it radiates off of me enough for Steven to come over from
stacking up empty boxes around the corner.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSir, do you need help with anything?‚Äù It‚Äôs drawn out sort of as if
Steven‚Äôs unsure how to assist the man. Mr.¬ÝV says nothing though.
There‚Äôs a stoic expression on his face and his gaze never leaves mine as
he slowly but surely, places the box on the counter.

‚Äã

I‚Äôm looking at this thing now like, is this some sort of a fucking
threat? A bomb or something? Thoughts are racing through my mind as I
stare down at the box but my attention is brought back up to the well
dressed man when he finally speaks.

‚Äã

‚ÄúShipping.‚Äù He says. He pulls out a notepad with an address on it. It‚Äôs
somewhere in Michigan that I‚Äôm not at all familiar with but this is a
postal office and we get plenty of mail going to and from plenty of
places. However, this one feels off. There‚Äôs just something about it
that I can‚Äôt shake off and it‚Äôs not a feeling I like.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYeah, of course.‚Äù Steven tells him with a nod and the classic customer
service smile. He takes the box to the back, placing it temporarily on a
shelf before returning to my side once more. ‚ÄúJust uh, it‚Äôll be-‚Äú

‚Äã

The man seems to already know what Steven‚Äôs about to say and slides him
a $10.00 bill. He tells him to keep the change. Shipping in the states
is only about $5.00 here and I try to call out to him to double check if
he really wanted us to keep it but he already has his back turned and
walking out the door, a little jingle of the bell above indicating that
he‚Äôs left. He also left his notepad here as well.

‚Äã

Usually, we aren‚Äôt supposed to open boxes at our post office. It‚Äôs a
policy that Bill told me about but I could tell that Steven was just as
jittery about it as me and well, I don‚Äôt blame the guy for wanting to
see what was up with it but now I kind of wished that we had called the
cops first or something before opening it.

‚Äã

Can‚Äôt go back in time and fix it though, unfortunately.

‚Äã

‚ÄúBit freaky, yeah?‚Äù He glanced over at me from looking at the box on the
shelf. I shrugged.

‚Äã

‚ÄúLooks like a normal box, I don‚Äôt know. Maybe the guy just had trouble
speaking or something or he‚Äôs from another country and doesn‚Äôt know
English that well.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúYeah, I don‚Äôt think so,‚Äù Steven disagrees. He grabs the box from the
shelf, carrying it over to a table in the mail room. I followed behind
him. ‚ÄúSee kid, you haven‚Äôt been here that long. Things in this town are
freaky as hell, just as much as that university that you go to is.
Doesn‚Äôt make any sense but we try to make do with it. That man though,‚Äù
He points to the door where Mr.¬ÝV walked out of. ‚ÄúThat was a whole other
level of weird.‚Äù

‚Äã

I gave Steven a deadpanned look. ‚ÄúWeird like what? Paranormal stuff?
Listen, I know the school I go to has some weird shit happening but I
don‚Äôt believe in it. Everything has some logical reasoning to it, one
way or another and besides, should we even open this? If you‚Äôre that
concerned, I think we should go to the police or something first.
They‚Äôre literally right across the street and I don‚Äôt feel like getting
exploded to bits because of your stupid ass.‚Äù

‚Äã

He laughs, waving me off dismissively. As I‚Äôm typing this out, I‚Äôm just
now realizing how shit of a coworker Steven really is.

‚Äã

I tried to advise him again but he ignored me. I know that some of you
are probably thinking that there were plenty of options I had to get
Steven to stop but in the moment, I stood there, dumb founded and unable
to think about anything that would have been of use. I could have kept
pestering him but my mouth refused to move and I didn‚Äôt do anything. I
only stood by him and watched.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey, pass me your knife, would you?‚Äù Steven asks. I gave it to him.

‚Äã

He flips open the knife and cuts open the top of the box along where the
man had neatly taped it together. I figured at this point that if it was
something that we needed to be concerned about, it would have happened
as soon as he plunged the knife down into the cardboard but nothing did
happen. Steven hesitates after he gets the final piece of tape off,
handing my knife back to me as he finishes.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWell?‚Äù I ask, watching him. ‚ÄúAre you going to open it? I still think we
should call someone but it‚Äôs your call I guess.‚Äù

‚Äã

He shrugs. ‚ÄúMight as well get it over with, right?‚Äù Steven goes to grab
the first flap of the box to pull it back but he stops. Before he has
the chance, there‚Äôs a sound coming from it. A sound that doesn‚Äôt make
sense at all.

‚Äã

Knocking.

‚Äã

Knocking like when you knock on a door type of knocking. There were
three knocks, each one of them distinct and hard to wrongfully identify.

‚Äã

I don‚Äôt remember if there were any thoughts running through my head when
it happened. If there were, I‚Äôd have forgotten them by now. But if I had
to take a guess knowing me, I would have tried to rationalize it. Maybe
a tape recorder was in the box? Maybe some sort of audio recording that
was triggered by Steven‚Äôs fiddling with the flap. I looked at Steven. He
hasn‚Äôt moved from his position but I could tell from the look on his
face he was probably thinking, what the hell?

‚Äã

For a few moments, we didn‚Äôt say anything to each other. We only stared
at the box. I‚Äôm not sure what drove me to speak first between the
unnerving and tense silence but eventually, I did.

‚Äã

‚ÄúMaybe‚Ä¶you triggered a recording?‚Äù I offered as an explanation. Steven
didn‚Äôt say anything for a moment but then he shook his head.

‚Äã

‚ÄúNo, no that can‚Äôt be right.‚Äù He muttered. He let go of the flap of the
box and stood up, hurriedly going to the front counter. I heard him grab
the notebook the man had left before he returned to the back room where
I was. He started flipping through the pages and I watched him, confused
out of my mind before he threw the notebook down in frustration.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSteven?‚Äù I ask him, unsure of what else to say. He turns to me, a
nervous look in his eyes.

‚Äã

‚ÄúGo get the phone from the front and call Bill. Tell him to get his ass
down here now and while you do that, I‚Äôll watch the box.‚Äù

‚Äã

I didn‚Äôt understand what the urgent need for Bill was. Why couldn‚Äôt we
just‚Ä¶why couldn‚Äôt we go to the station? The police were right next door
and they could help if it was as serious as Steven was making it out to
be and I tried to get some answers out of him but he told me to shut up
and do it and to also lock the door and keep anyone else from coming in.

‚Äã

I picked up the phone and dialed Bill‚Äôs number.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHello?‚Äù His gruffly voice on the other end greeted.

‚Äã

‚ÄúBill? Yeah, it‚Äôs me, Shane. Uh, listen we need you to come down to the
post office. Right now. Steven said for you to get your ass over here
asap.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhat? Did he set something on fire again?‚Äù Bill asked, but I shook my
head. Before you ask in the comments, no. I don‚Äôt know the story behind
that one.

‚Äã

‚ÄúNo, no. A guy came in with a box and I know you said not to open
customer‚Äôs mail and stuff but the guy was acting weird and Steven wanted
to open it and we did but when he was about to open it there was
knocking and he started acting weird about it. Do you know what that‚Äôs
about?‚Äù

‚Äã

There wasn‚Äôt anything besides phone static on the other end for a good
minute. Then, I heard Bill curse.

‚Äã

‚ÄúGod fucking damn it, I told him not to fuck around with it if it ever
came in!‚Äù He swears. ‚ÄúAlright, I‚Äôll be there in about fifteen minutes.
Lock the doors, windows and close the blinds. Don‚Äôt let anything out,
you hear me?‚Äù I didn‚Äôt answer immediately, words stumbling over each
other as I tried to make sense of it all.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYeah but why-‚Äú

‚Äã

‚ÄúJust do what I tell you to! Do not let anything outside of the store!‚Äù
Then, he hangs up. I stood there with the phone in my hand before
placing it down on the receiver. At this point, I knew something was
wrong but nobody was telling me what it was. I quickly did as I was
told, locking the door and putting up the closed sign. A few students
tried to walk in but I was able to usher them away, saying that we were
closed for personal reasons. I locked the windows and let down the
blinds before I went back to Steven and froze.

‚Äã

There wasn‚Äôt anything in the box. It had been opened but there wasn‚Äôt
anything in it. Not as if in, you can see into an empty box and notice
that something wasn‚Äôt there but it was as if I were peering down into a
dark hole without any light. Pitch black on the insides of it. I look
over at Steven, staring at it in horror.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI turned my back for one second,‚Äù He says as if he‚Äôs in a trance. ‚ÄúI
turned my back for one second and it‚Äôs gone.‚Äù

‚Äã

There‚Äôs a lump in my throat that I managed to swallow. I‚Ä¶I didn‚Äôt know
what to do. This was out of my element. I don‚Äôt believe in any sort of
this stuff but everything in my body was telling me that something was
horribly wrong.

‚Äã

‚ÄúLet‚Äôs‚Ä¶let‚Äôs try and close it? We‚Äôve got plenty of tape and-‚Äú

‚Äã

Steven shakes his head.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWe can‚Äôt get near it. It won‚Äôt let us near it. I‚Ä¶I don‚Äôt know what it
is but it won‚Äôt let us touch it now.‚Äù There‚Äôs a hint of fear in his
voice that I‚Äôm able to pick up on. I nodded, taking a step back from the
box while stepping closer to Steven to try and bring him back with me
too. He takes a step with me without resistance.

‚Äã

I was about to suggest that we should go somewhere else but that‚Äôs when
we heard loud crashing coming from the makeshift office we have in the
back. The noises of furniture being thrown about, shelves, desks and
chairs reached our ears and both of us jumped in shock, taking our eyes
off of the box. Abandoning it on the table, we quickly went to the
office and I was about to open the door but Steven grabbed my arm,
pulling me back against the wall with him. He holds an arm against my
chest and shushes me.

‚Äã

There‚Äôs a window by the left side of the office door. I can‚Äôt really get
a good look into it as Steven is in front of me and we‚Äôre on the right
side but from what I can see‚Ä¶I can see a figure. It‚Äôs tall, and its hind
legs resemble a goat‚Äôs. At first I thought it was a trick of the light,
as the light fixture that was on the ceiling in that room had apparently
been damaged by whatever was in there, swinging back and forth judging
by the directions of the stream of coming from it but as I kept watching
the figure move around, jittery movements racking its body, I knew that
it couldn‚Äôt have been a trick.

‚Äã

I watched it with Steven. Occasionally, we‚Äôd see it jump on the adjacent
wall and have to press back further into the wall because if we didn‚Äôt
we were sure that it would see us. I guess on that note I should say I
didn‚Äôt get any pictures of it to post here so I‚Äôm sorry about that. I‚Äôm
not even sure if my phone camera would have picked it up to be honest if
I did manage to somehow get a picture of it. Everything about it was
just so‚Ä¶otherworldly. Like it didn‚Äôt belong anywhere mankind lived.

‚Äã

The office is trashed, I knew that from the moment we got there. I
wasn‚Äôt concerned about cleaning it up later. I was more concerned about
what the fuck I was seeing and if it was even real or if I had somehow
started having hallucinations. Eventually, it quiets down in there and
Steven and I have both decided that we need to leave but right as we‚Äôre
about to sneak by, the door slams open. We see something jump on the
ceiling before skittering off so fast we barely have time to register
what happens. Steven grabs my arm before it notices us and we dart into
the office, closing the door behind us and locking it behind us.

‚Äã

The first thing I notice is the blood. It stains the floors in smearing
patterns. I‚Ä¶I‚Äôve seen blood before. My classes require me to look at
some rather grotesque forms of human beings after crimes but this‚Ä¶it‚Äôs
so much different seeing blood in real life than it is in a photo.
Literal trails of blood are on the floor, smeared into different
patterns and vary in different sizes. There‚Äôs blood spatter on the walls
and on the ceiling and I had never seen so much blood before in my life.
There are hoofprints on the ground that have been made by the blood. I‚Äôm
sure I‚Äôm as white as a sheet looking at it.

‚Äã

I don‚Äôt know where all the blood came from besides whatever is out there
but there isn‚Äôt a body or anything nearby to indicate what it belonged
to. Steven and I stand there, looking at the scene before us. The light
fixture above swings back and forth. We‚Äôre only jolted out of our trance
when we hear a screech in the lobby.

‚Äã

Both of us looked at each other for a solid minute. Slowly but surely,
we looked behind us and out the small window by the door. We can‚Äôt see
that well where the creature is but we know that it‚Äôs out there. We can
hear muffled scuffling noises, grunts and coughs. Steven grabs my
shoulder.

‚Äã

‚ÄúDid you lock the front door?‚Äù

‚Äã

I nodded. ‚ÄúY-yeah.‚Äù My voice shakes but I don‚Äôt care.

‚Äã

‚ÄúClose the blinds?‚Äù

‚Äã

I nodded again.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWindows?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúEverything‚Äôs locked.‚Äù

‚Äã

Steven lets go of my arm. ‚ÄúI‚Ä¶‚Äù He starts off, mouth opening but closing
as if he lost his thought. ‚ÄúI think we‚Äôll be okay. We just can‚Äôt let it
outside. Nobody else knows about it.‚Äù

‚Äã

I nodded again. ‚ÄúYeah‚Ä¶yeah. Don‚Äôt let it outside. Got it. How do we do
that?‚Äù

‚Äã

Steven doesn‚Äôt say anything. He stares out the window even though there
isn‚Äôt much to see.

‚Äã

I repeated myself for some sort of answer from him. This time, he does
answer me.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Ä¶I don‚Äôt know. Bill just said to keep it away from everyone until he
gets here if this ever happened. I don‚Äôt‚Ä¶I didn‚Äôt think it ever would. I
didn‚Äôt think I would cause it.‚Äù

‚Äã

I don‚Äôt know what he means by that but I let him continue on.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHe said to me before that there‚Äôs some stuff in the back room behind
some storage bins. The blue ones that never get moved. He said we could
use it but we‚Äôd have to bust a hole in the wall to get to it. I don‚Äôt
know what it is but we can‚Äôt get to it. It‚Äôs in the lobby now.‚Äú

‚Äã

As if on cue, there was another screech and what sounded like scuffling
on the ceiling.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhat do we do?‚Äù I ask him but Steven shakes his head.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know. Maybe‚Ä¶we should just stay put?‚Äù

‚Äã

We couldn‚Äôt stay put. We both knew that. If we stayed too long, it would
come back and we‚Äôd probably be dead for sure. Somehow, we both got the
courage enough to step outside. We didn‚Äôt hear anything. No scuffling,
no screeching or even clomping of hooves on the ground.

‚Äã

Steve tugged at my sleeve and we inched forwards a couple of steps but
stopped when we heard it. It wasn‚Äôt in the lobby anymore. It wasn‚Äôt down
the hall or in a different room but we heard a huff of a breath right
above us. We both froze. Looked at each other without moving our heads
before finally looking up.

‚Äã

I still don‚Äôt know what exactly it is. It didn‚Äôt have a face but it did
have the skull of a goat and small antlers, branching out in the shapes
of hands on its head. Its body was completely covered in matted fur, and
its hooves were skeletal, planting themselves firmly on the ceiling
along with its claws that dug into the tiles. It stared down at us and
we stared up. Nobody moved.

‚Äã

Then, it blinked. Well, I don‚Äôt know what to call it actually. Where its
eyes should have been, got darker for a moment and then returned back to
normal but nothing about this was normal.

‚Äã

Not a moment later, it then pounced down at us and the sound I heard
come out of Steven was one of pure freight. That‚Äôs where we are now.
With me, sitting on the cold, tiled floor and Steven in the bathroom
crying his eyes out while I‚Äôm typing this. When it lunged at us, he had
grabbed my arm so forcefully that I was afraid it was going to dislocate
but I ran with him without hesitation. The creature above us was fast,
keeping up with ease and it landed in front of Steven, letting out a
guttural sound. He let go of my arm and took off. I could hear him slam
the bathroom door down the hall shut and a few thudding noises, telling
me he probably used the shelf in there as a sort of barricade.

‚Äã

I was by myself now. If I‚Äôm being totally honest (I am), I was ready to
piss my pants at any given moment. The creature in front of me leaned
forwards, like an animal sniffing its prey. Then, it made another
guttural noise before hopping back on the ceiling and skittering off.
Taking the opportunity, I ran to the nearest thing I could hide behind
and that happened to be the lobby desk.

‚Äã

I really don‚Äôt know what to do now. I‚Äôm debating on getting Steven out
of the bathroom and maybe we can get the fuck out of here and lock the
thing inside but Bill said he was going to be here soon. Has it really
not been at least fifteen minute already? I guess not since I haven‚Äôt
heard him pull up yet. You can hear his Harley from a mile away with
ease but there‚Äôs nothing besides deafening silence.

‚Äã

If Steven and I make a run for it, we can head back to my dorm room
maybe. Lie low for a bit until our shot nerves are calmed down.

‚Äã

I think I‚Äôll try and go get him from the bathroom. If I can crawl around
on the floor without the thing seeing me, I can get there with ease.
I‚Äôll update as stuff happens but for right now, I don‚Äôt know how this
will all play out.

‚Äã

Update - 4:35PM: I managed to get into the bathroom after convincing
Steven to push away the makeshift barricade he had made. Bill‚Äôs been a
no show for about half an hour now so Steven and I are sitting in a
stall together to try and figure out just what the fuck to do now. He‚Äôs
finally stopped crying, at least. I‚Äôm close to it but I‚Äôve gotta keep my
head together. I can cry when I get back to my room or some shit like
that but not now. I told Steven about my plan. Run the fuck out of here
down to the university and lock ourselves in my room. He had to make a
joke about that of course but I‚Äôm glossing over it for now. We‚Äôre going
to stay put for a few more minutes to see if Bill shows up and if not,
we‚Äôre just going to make a run for it.

‚Äã

Update - 8:15PM: Holy shit. That‚Äôs all I have left to say. Steven and I
made it out. We ended up crawling through one of the windows after
waiting for another twenty fucking minutes for Bill to show and never
did. We made sure to lock it, keeping the thing in there and took off.
We got some stares from some pedestrians of course but we didn‚Äôt care at
the moment. For once I‚Äôm grateful to live at a place so close to work. I
took out my keycard, unlocked the hall door and got us the fuck inside.
We were out of breath and the RA started asking us if we were okay but I
just‚Ä¶Steven and I just went upstairs and ignored him.

‚Äã

He probably picked up on the vibe that something was wrong but it must
not have mattered to him that much as he didn‚Äôt follow us. Once we made
it to my room, I threw up in the trash can. ‚ÄúThat‚Äôs fucking gross.‚Äù My
coworker commented but I flipped him off while hurled over, emptying
what remained of my stomach contents. There wasn‚Äôt any malice behind it
and he went to get me a towel, throwing it in my direction when I was
done vomiting and I wiped my face off with it.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI thought Bill was coming?‚Äù I asked, my voice slightly raspy. Steven
scoffed.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWell, I guess not because the bastard never showed, right? Unless he‚Äôs
pulling up now with a magical solution to fix everything. I‚Äôm not going
back, screw that place.‚Äù

‚Äã

I couldn‚Äôt disagree with him there. After we had cleaned ourselves up in
the bathroom, we both sat in silence on the beds that my room provided
us. I don‚Äôt have a roommate this semester but I still got a spare bed
anyway. I don‚Äôt know how long we sat there for. There was barely any
daylight outside now and I could see the darkened outline of trees
outside of my window. Steven said that he needed to get back to his
place now. To think things over. He told me to call him if anything else
happened and if I needed anything. I didn‚Äôt say anything and he left.

‚Äã

A part of me wanted for him to stay. I‚Ä¶I really didn‚Äôt want to be here
by myself tonight. Call it paranoia or whatever the hell you want I
just‚Ä¶in the back of my mind I knew something was still wrong. I watched
him leave and now I‚Äôm here, typing all of this out. All I hope for
tonight is that nothing else happens. I don‚Äôt know if Bill ever made it
down to the post office but right now, I could care less. I really just
want to get some sleep but something tells me that‚Äôs going to be a hard
task to accomplish.

‚Äã

I‚Äôll update sometime later. Maybe when I wake up, I don‚Äôt know. I‚Äôll
just let you guys know stuff that happens as it comes. Until then.
