[Part 1/2]

​

My joints ache. My muscles tense and throb with exertion, but I have to
keep going. There’s nothing else for it.

​

Our air pocket comes to an end, and as with before I scout ahead.

I have to, of course, as there’s simply no way possible for Ahmad to
pass me by.

After holding my breath for another painful period of time, I am blessed
with the discovery of a new breathable space, and so we continue in the
same manner.

These air pockets, however, grow shorter and shorter as we progress,
much to my quiet alarm. But they’re still just enough, and so our
journey continues.

Every time I have to hold my breath and go on ahead… It is a cruel
exercise in willpower and mental strength. But I do my duty. I have to.
We have to get out.

…We have to get out.

​

An exhausting struggle through the pipe comes to a temporary halt as we
reach an air-pocket a mere three or four metres in length. I start with
fright as my bad shoulder knocks up against something hard and cold. It
moves a little in response to the pressure I exert upon it, so it isn’t
a blockage of any kind…

​

Could it be…

​

My heart leaps.

Wriggling, squirming in the pipe, I do my best to bring my good hand up
towards my head. It is not a quick process, and requires some
uncomfortable manoeuvres, but eventually my hand can reach my neck, and
beyond, and my fingers explore the mysterious object.

Despite everything, a grin spreads across my face and I cry out loud
with joy. “AHMAD!” I shout, “Ahmad, I’ve found a tank! I think… yes…
it’s all connected! It’s all here!”

“A tank?” he replies, “what do you mean?”

“I mean an OXYGEN tank, Ahmad! It’s all in one piece! The breathing
tube… yes, it’s all here!”

“That’s fantastic!” he exclaims. “How many are there?”

My enthusiasm drops. I shuffle further down the pipe, searching blindly
in the darkness for evidence of a potential second set of diving gear.

Despite my silent pleas, however, there is only one.

“I can only find one here”, I tell my comrade, “but there might be
another further down! This is a game-changer! We can do this! We can get
out!”

“Whose tank is it, Kadar?” Ahmad asks me. “I think my own was about
half-full”.

“Yes, likewise”, I reply. “What about Amir’s?”

“Amir’s…” Ahmad begins hesitating. “Kadar, I think that Amir’s was
almost empty”.

I take a deep breath.

“Right”, I reply. “Well, still, this will help. I’ll use it now, and
I’ll see if I can find another set a little further along! Wish me
luck!”

“Good luck man”, Ahmad says. “Godspeed”.

I check the tank over as best I can, I hold the mouthpiece around my
lips, giving it a few test breaths, then on I go. Back beneath the
water, though this time armed with the tank to help me along my way.

I grunt and shift my body around, shuffling through the pipe, squirming
my way along… and I find what will come to be the final air pocket of
its type. A mere metre long, not even big enough for Ahmad and I to
share at the same time. And to my growing frustration, there is no sign
of a second tank.

​

So I push deeper.

Onwards through the pipe, breathing with the tank, pushing it along with
me as I go.

​

I discover, to my bitter amusement, what could well be my second missing
flipper… But there is still no second tank.

And no further air pockets, either.

Clenching my fist, I realise that I need to go back before Ahmad starts
worrying. So I make the pain-staking return journey, in a time that to
my friend must feel like hours… But at last I return to our shared
location, and inform him of the disappointing news.

​

He is quiet as I relay my findings, and then he says, in a soft voice:

“Kadar. I think that this is the end of the road, for me. There’s no use
in me going any further. I think… I think that I will have to wait
here”.

I begin to protest, but my words die in my mouth.

What is there for me to say? He’s right, of course. It’s a harsh truth.
But he’s absolutely right. He’ll simply have to stay behind.

The next leg of the journey, I’ll have to do alone.

A sudden rush of emotion swells up inside me, and I force it back down.

There’s a time and a place.

I try not to consider the fact that his may be the last time I ever hear
his voice.

Perhaps I’ve heard both of their voices for the very last time.

​

No. Time and a place. Keep moving.

​

“Ahmad…” I begin, fumbling for some words that’ll do the moment justice,
but he interrupts.

“See you soon buddy”, he says, in the dark.

I am not able to reply immediately, but when I do, I say to him:

“Yes… For sure. Seen you soon buddy”.

And with that, I’m gone.

I force myself further along the tank, crawling and shuffling, and I am
submerged.

​

My breathing is loud through the tube connected to my mouth, and when I
reach the final air pocket I allow myself a second to pause. To steel my
constitution; and then this pocket too is left behind.

​

On I go.

Underwater.

​

The rest of my journey will be underwater.

And since I cannot see, there is no way to tell how much air is left in
the tank.

If it was mine or Ahmad’s, then I should have hours to spare.

If it was Amir’s…

Well.

No point in being coy.

If it’s Amir’s then I’ll likely die down here. Unless I am blessed with
another surprise air pocket.

It’s not impossible, I tell myself, as I crawl through the pipe, water
all around me. It’s not impossible…

And yet, as the hours go by, there are no more air pockets to discover.
Just more pipe.

The endless claustrophobic dark of the tunnel.

How far have I come?

No idea. Impossible to tell, really.

And I don’t even know which way I’m heading. If it’s north, then there’s
hope. If south, then this whole venture was pointless anyway. I’ll never
make it to Azraq Two. Azraq One, on the other hand… For Azraq One, hope
remains.

​

There’s still hope.

​

Onwards through the pipe. Through the oily, poisoned water. My elbows
burn with pain from the friction. My shoulders have been rubbed raw. My
feet are developing painful blisters from the places I’ve been forced to
press them against the pipe for leverage, over and over. And my neck… My
neck is killing me. It hurts to turn my head too far in either
direction.

I just grit my teeth and keep on going. Too late to stop now. Must keep
going.

​

On, and on, and on.

​

…

​

“God give me strength” I mutter to myself, as my muscles contract and
sting; “give me strength to see this through”.

Thinking about Ahmad, about Amir… all alone, just like me… It helps
propel me forwards. I can’t give up. Not while they’re counting on me. I
could never do that. I could never do that to them. Not ever.

So on I go.

Endless, ceaseless dark. Endless, ceaseless torture of the pipe.

​

…

​

…Except…

​

Except, it’s not endless. Not as luck would have it.

The good news regarding my oxygen tank is that it definitely wasn’t
Amir’s. If it was, it would have expired by now.

The bad news is that I’ve been needing deeper and deeper breaths to fill
my lungs. And soon, the oxygen that the tank can spare me just won’t be
enough. It won’t go on forever.

I have found no other tanks along my journey. It’s just the one on my
person currently, and then that’s it. Game over.

​

“Come on you bastard pipe”, I hiss through the mouthpiece. “You can’t go
on forever. You CAN’T”.

And of course, it doesn’t.

My head bashes against hard metal.

“Eh?” I murmur in confusion. I try to continue on along my journey, but
the way is blocked. I simply cannot go any further.

My first thought is one of panic. A fear that I have reached some kind
of wall in the pipe, one that shouldn’t exist. That I’ve come all this
way to find nothing more than a dead end. Upon a little inspection,
however, I realise that a space has opened up above my head. I squirm
around, and for the first time in hours and hours I am able to change
positions, and to sit upright. My back cracks and a rush of unbelievable
relief in muscle tension flows through me. I bring up my hands to feel
around me in the darkness, and I almost shout for joy.

The pipe has reached its end. It’s going up, now. Vertically, up through
the sea towards the surface.

“We came NORTH!” I laugh, the cracks of hope widening, flowing into me
like rivers of silver. “We’ve been travelling north the while time!”

The end of the pipe.

The end of the pipe.

Upwards, now.

Upwards to the installation at Azraq One, and to salvation.

​

Unless…

I take stock, and consider the choice that now faces me.

​

If I’m going to push onwards, then this really is it. It’s a coin flip
for life, or death.

​

There’s not much air left in the tank. And if I climb this pipe to
discover the worst… if this pipe has been stoppered, or plugged, then
definitively for me, there will be no way out. I really will reach a
dead end. All hope will be lost and I will drown down here, with nowhere
to go. No way forwards, and no way back.

​

…No way back.

​

I shake my head.

There’s no choice here. Not really. It’s just willpower. I don’t have
enough air in my tank to get back to Ahmad even if I wanted to. It’s
only forwards. Forwards and upwards.

“Alright”, I murmur, bubbles spilling. “Here we go”.

And I begin my slow, deliberate ascent. Back pressed against the pipe
behind me, knees and calves against the pipe in front. Up I go. Kicking
at times, half-swimming, half shimmying. Up the pipe.

Up the pipe to the surface.

Slowly but surely.

Grimacing though the strain, and the pain.

​

And still, so dark. So unbelievably dark. The lack of light does not
fill me with confidence.

​

If the pipe was not stoppered, surely I’d be able to see some light,
right?

I open my eyes in the water. The salt and the oil stings like hell, but
I need to see. Or to try and see, at least.

…but there’s nothing. There’s no hint of light at all.

Don’t lose faith, I tell myself, screwing my eyes tight shut again. Keep
going. Keep going.

​

This vertical section of pipe is unlike the one we were sucked down.
This part here goes all the way up to surface. Up to the bustle and the
relative commotion of Azraq One.

​

Except it won’t be bustling right now, of course.

​

I hesitate, taking a deep, strained breath through the mouthpiece.
Grunting with the strain.

Thinking about it, the place could be entirely deserted.

I don’t even know what time it is.

I’ve been crawling through the pipe for hours upon hours. I’m not sure
of the exact time, but I am exhausted. I am starving. And my oxygen is
about to expire.

If I recall correctly, in fact, the site won’t even be open tomorrow.

I wrack my brains and try to remember.

When are they all off-site? Was it tomorrow, or the day after?

Fuck… what if everyone’s gone back to shore? What is the site is empty?
What if no-one’s there to hear me? What if the pipe is stoppered, what
if, what if, what if…

​

I bellow in frustration and continue my ascent.

​

Each breath becomes hard work. I’m starting to feel light-headed. But
there’s nowhere to go but up.

This section of the pipe can’t be longer than 80 metres or so.

So surely, if it was open, I’d see the light? Right? Wouldn’t I see the
light?

“Please”, I whisper, as I open my eyes again, squinting through the
darkness. Terrified that at any second I will hit a barrier or a
stopper, and my journey will come to an abrupt and bitter end. Any
second, at any moment, I could strike the ‘ceiling’, and I’ll be
trapped.

In the very next second, I emerge from the water.

I hear the sounds of splashing as my head breaks free of the surface of
water. I’m still in complete darkness, but I’ve reached the top.

AIR!

I pull off the mouthpiece and suck it all down, re-filling my lungs with
far greater ease, rubbing and brushing the oily water from my face and
eyes.

“I made it!” I say to no-one in particular, my voice echoing around the
narrow little space afforded me.

“But now…” Now, I have come to perhaps the final hurdle.

How cruel it would be, I think, how cruel to make it so far, and then to
be denied rescue. So close, and yet, so far.

I squirm and bring up my good arm, with my good hand. I reach it up
above me, feeling through the darkness as the water spills and drips
from my elbow. A few inches above my head, I feel the lid of the pipe.
Screwed tight shut.

My heart starts pounding again.

“Come on… Please, please…”

I search desperately for a release mechanism, or a valve that will open
the pipe from the inside.

But alas… just as I suspected. There is no such valve.

I bring up my other hand, and I try to force open the lid. I try to spin
it, to shift it, but nothing works. Nothing at all.

And there’ll be no-one on the other side. Why would there be? Their
shift is over.

They’ll have all left the site by now. Crossed back to the shore.

​

I’m stuck. After everything, I’m just as trapped as Amir, and as Ahmad.

​

I start pounding desperately on the lid. I bang on the pipe as hard as I
can. I start to scream. I start shouting, though the sounds will be
muffled… from the outside my shouts for help will just sound like a load
of moaning and groaning. Potentially even mistaken for the general
rumble of the pipe itself.

“HELP!” I scream, slamming both fists on the metal with all my remaining
force, caring not for the spikes of pain that shoot through my broken
wrist. Panic threatens to overtake me, now at this final stage of my
journey. “HELP!” I cry, slamming the lid, kicking the pipe, making as
much noise as I am able before my constitution breaks.

​

“ANYONE!?” I roar into the darkness, and with the sound of a great and
sudden grinding directly above my head, the lid shifts, and a curved
crack of light spills blindingly into the pipe.

I gasp with astonishment, the wind taken from my sails, and I slump back
down into the water with a splash. My eyes are forced closed, and the
world beyond my sealed eyelids is a dazzling orange-red. I don’t even
know what to say. I’m too afraid to believe what is happening.

I sense someone talking to me, their voice is confused and alarmed; they
grab me by the diving suit, by the shoulders, and with some considerable
degree of effort they haul me out and onto the platform that surrounded
the pipe’s exit.

I am unable to help myself from weeping. I still cannot see, but the
tears streak the salt and the oil from my face. I have never felt so
free. I turn and wince and stretch my arms and legs in ways that they
were unable to for what feels like an age.

I feel a hand squeeze my shoulder. A bottle of cool, refreshing and
above all clean water is gently poured over my face.

“Kadar?” comes a familiar voice. “Kadar what- what on Earth…” he fumbles
for words. “C-Care to explain yourself, Kadar? What the hell is this?”

I finally manage to open my eyes. Just a sliver. Gradually, painfully
adjusting to the light from the floodlamps all around.

And I am greeted by the sight of the only employee still at his station,
long after his shift has come to an end.

He stares at me, his scruffy red hair and his beard a mess, his
expression almost comical in its confusion.

A dry chuckle escapes my lips.

“Hello Zaahir”, I mutter. “You know, I don’t think I’ve ever been
happier to see anyone in my entire life”.

And this, my friends, is the truth.

​

*

​

The hours that followed passed by in a whirlwind. The company and the
authorities were alerted immediately and the helicopters were sent up
into the sky, and rescue boats were out in the water within the hour.

The ruined Habitat site was investigated and safely secured.

Vast teams of divers were sent down, and they traversed the entire
length of the pipe, way into the night. Knocking and tapping on the
metal and hunting diligently for Amir and Ahmad.

…There was, tragically, no response.

I remember pacing up and down in one of the control rooms, fielding
calls from family in the presence of several officers and officials as
the pressure in the pipe was carefully levelled, as it was disconnected
at the safest point and opened for inspection.

…I remember the way I reacted when I was told the news the next morning.
After a long and sleepless night, arm bandaged.

I remember the breath escaping me, and I remember collapsing into the
nearest chair.

“That’s impossible…” I murmured. “That’s… there’s no way…”

But the bodies of Amir and Ahmad were discovered together, about ten or
so metres north from where we were suckered down. It was ruled that the
two men died on impact with the pipe, almost instantaneously. It’s
likely they weren’t even aware of what had happened. Their last
conscious moments, I am told, most probably took place in the Habitat
itself, before the disaster.

To this I say nothing. I simply look out of the window as the morning
sun reflects and glimmers, sparkling in the gentle waves of the sea far
below.
