​

​

“Could you send in the closet man?” I asked my secretary, she sighed and
heard her yell for him. I could hear the distinct thumps on the ground
before hearing the familiar tone “he’s on his way” from my secretary.
There was a knock on the door, I adjusted my desk and walked up to the
door to open it up. There, standing in casual clothing was an 8 foot
tall man, his face had a large split down the middle exposing rows of
sharp teeth. His eyes were glossy white and legs were nothing but long
stumps which struggled to keep his body balanced. He bared his teeth
somewhat, smiling as I gestured to the couch where he slowly sat down.
“How are we doing today vic?” I asked, he covered his face with his
fingers “relatively bad so to say.” He hissed, he reached his hand down
to pet my cat who was cuddling against his leg. I smiled as I sat down
and asked my first question, “so what brings you here?”

​

​

“Every night I go to a different house, hiding in the closets of
unsuspecting kids, cowering beneath their blankets in an attempt to
introduce them to the meaning of fear. But as of lately I’ve been
finding my job has already been completed. So I tried teenagers, they
were even worse, they had boxes and socks filled with their-” He cut
himself off, I tried to motion for him to continue but he looked up at
me with genuine concern in his glossy eyes. “Trust me, you don’t want to
know what I’ve seen when it comes to them, it’s barbaric, it’s sickening
even for me. I mean I don’t have a stomach but it makes me want to throw
up.” He gagged at the thought, I took down notes, “so it must be pretty
bad out there lately huh?” I asked after a moment of silence. He looked
up at me, “I told you about the oath all of us monsters took when we
hide under the beds or closets of kids right?” he asked, “yeah, that you
would never hurt any child no matter how much you wanted to” I answered,
he nodded.

​

​

“Lately during my nightly calls there was something else with me, I
can’t begin to describe it. It was this feeling of pure evil, darkness,
that void feeling you have when you feel you’re in danger. I hid in this
child’s closet and I could only describe it as just this dark cloud
which passed over the house. It was the closest I’ve ever been to being
afraid for myself” He shuddered, “was there a possibility it was the
boogeyman? I mean next time he comes in I’ll ask if he knows about this
and see if we can-”“it’s not him, it’s not the boogeyman, it’s not any
monster or demon I’ve ever met. It wanted me dead, I knew it did. I have
alot of angels out to get me but this wasn’t an angel either.” he had a
look of pure terror on his face. He began to tear up as I looked outside
of my window to see a strange man lurking in the shadows. “What the
hell?” I asked out loud, so I called my secretary. “Hey Kelly, is there
anybody scheduled after the closet man?” I asked, knowing the
answer.”No, but there was someone in here earlier asking about someone
by the name of victor.” I dropped the phone, Victor was the closet man’s
real name. The name before he was given the job of being a monster under
the bed.

​

​

“Vic, we need to get you somewhere safe, I don’t think you’re safe
here.” I said, he stood up on his stumps and awkwardly walked to the
door. “Where do we go?” He asked, I shrugged and we both walked out of
the office, he dissipated into smoke and moved along the shadows as I
walked out of the office with him tailing close behind me. The man was
standing next to a pole about one hundred feet from my car. I began to
panic as I rushed into the car, Victor took form in the car again,
taking up the entire back seat. I looked in the mirror and sighed with
relief, when I turned to the passengers side I screamed in terror as did
Victor. The man was standing next to the car asking to roll down the
window, I was frozen in fear. And I tend to fucking monsters, this made
no sense, everything I had seen. Werewolves, skeletons, ghosts, the
literal boogeyman, and yet I trembled in fear at this man. He had a
steel gray mustache, his hair was unkempt, looking like it was covered
in cornstarch and he was dressed like a businessman. He gave a warm
smile as he reached out for me to shake his hand. “My name is Timeo, I
just wanted to touch base with you.” He smiled, Victor gave a nod before
I opened the door for this strange man.

​

​

“Do you know who I am?” He asked, I shook my head no. “Typical, nobody
knows me anymore, they rely on your monsters, ghost stories by the
campfire to tell the stories of beings beyond your comprehension.” he
sighed, I gripped the steering wheel with all the strength in my body
trying to comfort myself. “You see tess, you can see them even though
you aren’t a child, every child forgets but you never did, that is why
you see them. That is why you see me, but my time is coming.” I stopped
gripping the steering wheel, victor spoke up. “What do you want from
us?” He asked, Timeo looked back and smiled.”It’s not about what I want
from you, it’s what I’m going to do to all of you.” He said happily, I
felt a pit in my stomach, this man was giving off the energy of pure
evil in physical form. “Lucifer” I said quietly, he laughed
hysterically, almost like a mad man. “Trust me, he wishes he was me, he
wishes he had the guts to do what I’m capable of doing.”“which is?”, he
cleared his throat. “Killing the monsters of course, introducing a new
way of making them fear, sending a message that monsters are monsters.
They kill, they torture and they enjoy it.” I tried to grab Timeo but
immediately he turned around and stabbed Victor in the face with an
ornamental dagger.

​

​

“No!” I screamed, he smiled as he opened the door, “my time has come,
it’s time for humanity to be put back on the food chain for all of us.”
he said before walking away and dissipating into a black cloud of smoke.
I removed the blade and threw it out of the window.I tried to wrap the
wound but the blood seeping out was too much. He gasped in pain as he
tried to help cover the wound. “Please, Tessa, don’t let him win. Think
of the kids, he’ll kill thousands, maybe millions.” he sputtered out
before going limp in the back of my car. I cried softly as the sun began
to set.

​

​

The next morning I walked into my office to find a thick envelope
sitting on my desk, I opened them up and began to cry again. In the
envelope were photos of slaughtered monsters. Dracula impaled on a
wooden fencepost, a werewolf sliced open with a dagger sitting in his
head. The boogeyman hanging from his own guts, demons ripped in half.
Inside was a note written in monster blood. “The night is my domain now,
there are no saviors, no monsters to hide under your bed, just fear. I
am the darkness, I am the meaning of fear. And now the entire human race
will experience how it feels to be back on the food chain. Good night
Tessa” the note was signed by Timeo, I knew already I couldn’t stop it.
And now it’s out there.

Fear.
