(TW: geriatric coitus)

I had no plan for my future. I was either going to work at my local
movie theater until I was promoted to manager, or I’d marry some old
crow whose husband had keeled over. I don’t have the intelligence to
navigate the stock market, and college is for suckers. I figured I could
clean some old widows’ pipes for a couple of years and then live off her
fortune as a plan B after she kicks the bucket.

A low chance to be certain, but never zero.

Working at the theater’s ticket booth, especially in a smaller town, you
get to know all the patrons. We have several regulars. Many of whom I’ve
tried to get their number. Surprisingly, you get a lot of tail when
working at a movie theater. The pay is awful, but the baddies are bad,
if you know what I mean.

There was a notorious couple that attended the movies quite frequently.
An older couple, probably in their eighties. The husband owned a logging
company in the seventies and had been living off the royalties ever
since he sold it back in 2000. His wife’s an older woman, but not
gruesomely aged. They say some women age like wine; this lady sort of
aged like a 1996 Honda Accord. She wasn’t pretty to look at, but she
runs. More on that later.

I’d notice this couple come in every Friday during new movie releases,
but one day she was alone. This surprised me. In the four years I’d been
working here, I saw her every week with her husband. 

“Where’s the ol’ ball and chain?” I asked casually. I hadn’t imagined
anything bad happening to him. He was old, but he wasn’t sick, from what
I could tell.

Her lips tensed and thinned until they weren’t visible. “He’s sadly
passed.”

“Oh.”

Fucking awkward. I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t charge her for this
movie visit. It was the least I could do. She cordially thanked me, and
watched the movie in the theater for the first time in a long
time—alone.

This woman’s a cinenaphile, through and through. I saw her every week
all by herself. Some say that going to the movie theater alone is a red
flag, but I find it admirable. You aren’t embarrassed to see movies
alone, in a theater, as they are meant to be watched. That’s lowkey
badass.

As the weeks went by, I continued not to charge her for the movies, even
though I’m sure she could afford them. She lived outside of town, but
came to this theater because it’s the god damned best one in the area.
She probably has a home theater bigger than our setup. I don’t know why
she came all the way out here.

But we got to know each other outside of the movies. I’d talk and even
flirt a little bit. Hey, plan B was coming into full effect, and I
wasn’t going to miss my opportunity.

“So, Shela.”

“Yes?”

 She smiled in a way that I knew that I had her on the hook.

“Want to get coffee sometime?”

She appeared to be pondering my request, which surprised me. 

“I will take your offer, but only if I get to pay this time.”

“Deal.”

And I was in. I dressed up as best as I could, and we met in the only
local coffee shop in town.

She cleaned up nicely for an older woman. We had exchanged numbers
previously, and she was surprisingly “with it”. I didn’t have to explain
what technology was to her or how to send an email or text message. It
wasn’t like I was talking to my grandma. Our communication flowed
naturally, and, dare I say, it was somewhat fun to converse with her.

During our date, I discovered her husband had had an accident, fallen,
broken his spine and gone into a coma. She took him off life support
because she didn’t want him to live like that. The conversations were
heavy. She’d been with him since before he was rich. She was loyal,
through and through. I did have to do some reconnaissance, though. If I
were going to date this woman until the end of her days, I wanted to
know if there was any competition. 

“So… do you have any kids?” I figured this was an innocent question.

Shela just sighed. “Yes. We had one daughter. Peter was impotent. We
went through a lot of trouble to have her. We are estranged, currently,
as she didn’t believe her father’s wealth was obtained morally, and our
plans for her were different than her own.”

Turns out, her daughter is older than I am and a notorious
environmentalist. Like, chain yourself to trees and shit. Protesting in
the Amazon. Real hippy shenanigans. I had to hide my excitement at this
discovery. If her daughter wanted to throw away enough cash to set up
your entire family for generations, I wouldn’t stop her. More for me.

“I’m sorry to hear that.” I consolingly placed my hand on hers. It was
wrinkled, but not decrepit. When my hand eventually returned to my side
of the table, I noticed she wasn’t wearing her wedding ring. 

To make a long story short, we booked a motel, and I did what I had to.
Wasn’t as bad as you’d think. For some of you, having sex with an older
woman is a horror story in itself, but trust me, the horror hasn’t even
begun.

I’m assuming she’s a nymphomaniac because of how often she asks to do
it. For years, maybe decades, her husband couldn’t perform, so she had
long since buried that desire. Luckily for her, she has a young, active
boyfriend who doesn’t mind going spelunking. Plus, as an added benefit,
she’s been in menopause for years. I ain’t shooting blanks, but I ain’t
got to worry about putting a cake in the oven.

Shela was crazy for her age. I had to motivate myself by constantly
thinking about the cash this would net me after she found the other
side. Hell, I may even help accelerate the process a little bit, once we
are married, of course.

About two weeks of dirty motel visits and a trip or two to the movies,
and I was already invited to her mansion. Her home is fucking huge. I’m
talking marble pillars, foreign artwork, statues, servants, your fucking
voice echoes in every room, they’re so goddamn big. 

It seemed like my plan B was coming together. You always hear of young
women dating older men, but never the other way around. Old women need
love, too, dammit. I see this as an investment opportunity. Huh, maybe I
can navigate the stock market.

Anyway. That was my life, I played the doting and attentive boyfriend. I
quit my job and spent every waking second with her; in turn, I didn’t
have to worry about my financial situation. I dare say I was really
starting to like Shela, as a person. She was incredibly witty and gave
the best sloppy toppy I’ve ever had. Shit was like a slip-and-slide.

I moved in not long after my first visit. Things were going great. One
thing was odd, though: we never slept in the same bed. Well, not for
long at least. We may have fallen asleep together, but she was never
there when I awoke. As I said, she’s an active woman, and maybe lying
down for too long was hard on her joints or whatever. 

Despite that, I had her in the palm of my hand. I was going to propose
on our one-year anniversary, but that’s when something pretty weird
happened. I didn’t really explore the house; I never had to. I was
normally on Shela’s hip like a holster. 

Like many a night before, we were watching an old black-and-white movie.
I was bored to tears, but Shela didn’t know that. I occasionally would
say, “Wow, they don’t make ’em like they used to.” Even though,
truthfully, I had no idea what was going on. 

She’d nod and smile and tell me all about the directors and the actors
who have been dead longer than her husband. It was exhausting, but far
better than serving popcorn.

During a lull in the movie—AKA the whole fucking thing—I had to piss. My
mind was melting from the poor audio quality, and I needed a good excuse
to get out of the room. I gave Shela a quick smooch and looked for a
bathroom. Although I’d been living there for a few months at this point,
I still got lost. I didn’t mind being lost because, if I watched that
movie for another minute, Shela was going to be widowed all over again. 

I did my deed, and on my way back, I noticed a vague outline in the
wall. Like, there was supposed to be a door there, but there was no
handle. I looked around; it was late at night, so most of the servants
had already returned to their quarters. I placed my hand on the wall and
pushed. I heard a click, and the wall moved, revealing a door. I didn’t
get a good look inside, but I could hear a faint buzzing and a crackling
noise. A surprisingly strong grip startled me. It was Shela.

“Dear… don’t go in there. Peter is sleeping.”

“Right, sorry, my Love.”

Fucking what? Peter? You mean your dead husband? He was dead, wasn’t he?
Have I been pounding his wife this whole time, and Peter has been
watching from hidden cameras? Have I made this man a cuck?

The mystery “not” door hadn’t come up again. I knew my role, and it
wasn’t to look for things I wasn’t meant to find. After Shela died,
maybe I could go hunting for answers, after the estate was mine, of
course.

One day, we were eating breakfast at the table when we both heard a
scream coming from somewhere. It was definitely a woman screaming. I
shot up and went to investigate, and it was the new girl we hired. She’d
look like she’d seen the devil or something. She frantically crawled
away from nothing as she yelled for help. My heart was racing. She was
so terrified, but I couldn’t see what she was terrified of.

We caught up to her, and I stopped her from crawling away. Tears were in
her eyes as she tried to escape my grasp. “Hey, hey! Everything is okay.
What happened?”

She frantically looked around before finally asking, “You don’t see
that?”

I looked behind me and saw Shela, standing, unamused by the situation.

“Pick her up.”

Several servants obeyed her command, and the woman screamed again.
Pointing at nothing. “There it is! Oh my God, what is that thing?!” 

I looked to where she was pointing. There was nothing there.

“Take her to the servant quarters. It seems she needs some rest,” Shela
declared. The more seasoned servants did as she asked. The woman
wrestled in their arms and screamed for help as she was dragged away.
That was the last time I ever saw that young woman.

Again, this could be seen as a potential red flag, but I was going to
get my payout, one way or the other. One screaming servant wasn’t going
to deter me from a multi-million dollar estate. For all I know, she was
a druggie and shooting heroin on her lunch break. Or, even worse, she
was trying to steal my Shela away from me.

But if it were one creepy (not) door and a screaming servant, I wouldn’t
be posting this online.

We were watching a movie together in bed. I fell asleep about halfway
through. I had a hard day of making Grandma’s pound cake and just didn’t
have it in me to watch another movie that’s widely problematic by
today’s standards.

I woke up in a daze, and the room was dark, but not pitch-black. The
movie must’ve finished. I half expected Shela to be gone, but she was
right next to me. Which was different. In the six months we’d been
together, I had never woken up with her next to me before. I gave her a
kiss on the forehead, and then I saw it. A grey-skinned, long-haired
figure was propping itself up in the corner. It was human-shaped, but I
doubt it was human.

It was looking right at me. 

Its eyes were black, and they glistened in the moonlight. I tried not to
look at it. I tried not to notice it. I just rolled over and pretended
to go back to sleep.

I then heard a tapping on the walls, like fingertips drumming on a desk.
The noise kept getting closer and closer. Until the noise suddenly
stopped right above me. I felt something soft and delicate brush against
my face. It was hair.

I tried to play dead, as you would with a bear, but if this is what that
servant saw, I get why she was freaking out. The hair kept brushing
against my face until it started to curl over. The drumming of fingers
continued down the wall right near my head. I heard a soft clicking
noise as it approached me. Just before I was going to get up, the covers
rustled, and I heard a voice.

“Not yet. He isn’t ready.” It was Shela. She got out of bed, and I heard
the thing follow her. I only breathed once I knew they were gone.

I had half a mind to run out of the house right then and there. I crept
out from under the covers and put on some clothes. I made my way down
the hallway and towards the exit. I had seen enough evidence to consider
this a fruitless effort, and I was taking my leave.

As I made my way to the exit, I saw the place where the door should’ve
been. It was cracked open, and an orange light was pouring out. I knew
now was not the time to do some Scooby-Doo investigations and get the
fuck out of here. But I heard something cry out. It could’ve been Shela.
Then I wondered if this thing I saw had a hold on her, the stupid,
stupid, stupid, greedy part of my brain said: “You aren’t married yet,
if she dies, you don’t get the estate.” 

If I saved Shela from this monster, I was going to propose first thing
in the morning. I creaked the door open, and a staircase led down into
the Earth. Torches lined the wall all the way down into a blackness.
With the power of potential generational wealth by my side, I slowly
descended the stairs. Flies buzzed all around the torches. A pungent
odor reached my nostrils. I held my nose as I descended further.

When I reached the bottom, I was met with a hallway draped in stone and
black. I couldn’t see my own hand in front of my face. I could hear
something in the distance, but I couldn’t make out what it was. I placed
my hand along the stony wall and followed the noise. It sounded like a
soft buzzing. A feeble, flickering light was growing brighter as I
neared the end of the dark corridor. I stood in the darkness as I peered
inside a room at the end of it. Then what I saw nearly made me throw up.
I saw Peter. Shela’s dead husband. He was on a bed of corpses. His old
and emaciated body was awkwardly draped over the skulls, flesh, and
bones.

I heard two noises clearly now. A suckling noise, and a buzzing one. On
one end of the room was a dying man on a pile of bodies. It appeared
that a worn curtain was dangling just above him, but it wasn’t a
curtain. That thing was on the ceiling above Peter. It’s long, gray hair
dangled into his mouth, and Peter was suckling on hair fibers, like a
nursing baby.

On the opposite end of the room were dozens of CRTs. All of them were
playing videos of sexual acts from impossible angles. Then I noticed
that I was in the videos. Shela sat in a recliner, the lights flickering
in front of her. She was naked, fondling herself as she watched the
videos I was in.

Before I could leave, a pained voice erupted from the pile. It was
Peter.

“When… When will I be better?”

Shela stopped, left the recliner, and strutted over to Peter. “He has
donated enough of himself. You will be ready soon.”

She pet his head as he swallowed and chewed on the hair of that
creature. It looked like it wanted to be human, but it’d never seen one
before, so it just guessed what we were supposed to look like. I held my
breath as I watched Peter eat and eat this thing’s hair, leaning in
closer with each swallow. 

Shela appeared to be trying to comfort Peter when she looked in my
direction. She didn’t say anything. Her gaze seemed to be a warning. As
if she were saying, “You should leave.” I didn’t hesitate. I slowly
backed away, left the estate, and never returned.

It was a long walk back to town, but I was just happy to be alive. I
moved back in with my Mom and begged the theater to take me back. I
called the police about what I saw, but nothing ever came of it. I even
went down to the station, and everyone sort of just looked at me like I
was crazy. Brother. There is some fucked up shit going on in that
mansion, and somebody has to do something about it.

But no one ever did. I consider myself lucky for even surviving, and I
wonder if I was part of Shela’s plans. I half expected black cars to be
parked outside my Mom’s house as masked men tried to kill me in my
sleep, but Shela never came for me. I never saw her again, actually. 

But yesterday, I was working at the ticket counter, and a fine, young
woman walked up to greet me. I laid on my usual moves, and she was
giggling and laughing at every joke I had. She was in the palm of my
hand. She wanted to see the newest indie bullshit that had come out. To
my dismay, a much taller, handsomer man walked up and placed his hand
around her waist.

“Oh, there you are, Shela. I thought we were getting food?”

“No, Peter, I was just saying hello to an old friend.”

A weird coincidence to be sure. It definitely wasn’t the Shela I had
tried to seduce before she performed weird demon rituals in her
basement. I tried to push the thought out of my head of the possibility
of it being her when I saw the grey-skinned creature crawling on the
ceiling of the building. It followed just above her. Its hair was now
shoulder-length.

I watched as it followed them into the theater. I pretended not to
notice it.
