Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

When we arrived at Dollmaker City, it was under attack. Chazaqiel and
his followers, the Reconstructionists, had broken through the city’s
walls.

Angels lay on the ground screaming in pain, limbs and wings ripped off
their bodies, black blood pouring from their wounds, but the angels were
unable to die. 

Near the river, Chazaqiel forced another angel to the ground and then
twisted off her head. It rolled toward the water, still alive and still
screaming.

Yevun set me on the ground and then ran toward Chazaqiel.

“You’ll destroy all of us!” he yelled.

Chazaqiel had changed since I’d seen him in the basement of the Parallax
lab. His black skin had become translucent. His nerves, veins and
muscles all glowed neon inside his body.

He and Yevun grabbed each other and began tearing at each other’s flesh.

“I’ll take us back to Heaven!” Chazaqiel yelled. “Our own Heaven. A
paradise where we bow to nobody else.”

“God will never allow it.”

“All these years, and you’re still afraid of Him?”

Yevun tore off Chazaqiel’s left arm and threw it on the ground. Blood
sprayed from Chazaqiel’s shoulder. Neon light poured from his eyes.

“You coward!” Chazaqiel yelled. “You’ve always been afraid. Even when we
swore the oath on the mountain, you were shaking with fear.”

He lowered his jaw like a snake and then bit down on Yevun’s head. Yevun
screamed in pain. Other angels began chanting.

Yevun struggled but freed himself from Chazaqiel’s teeth. His neck had
mostly detached from his body, but his flesh and muscle tissues melded
back together.

He dug his fingers into Chazaqiel’s stomach and tore out his intestines.
Chazaqiel fell to the ground, light pouring from his body, his veins
writhing like worms.

The sky filled with black clouds. Lightning crashed into the ground.
Behind me, I heard Destiny calling my name.

I turned and saw her and Anselmo hiding underneath one of the
pomegranate trees. The child-dolls that hung from the tree’s branches
were screaming.

“Are you okay?” I asked.

“We’re fine,” Destiny said. “What about you?”

“I’m just glad to be on the ground again. Yevun’s palace isn’t far from
here. I’ll take you there. We’ll be safer there than out here.”

I led them toward the palace. The child-dolls watched us, screaming.

“They’re alive?” Anselmo asked.

“I think so,” I said.

“Why does Yevun do this to these children?”

“I’m not sure.”

Around us, the city began to distort. The limestone walls grew and
shrank. The ground split open and then resealed. Black clouds swirled in
the sky.

Finally, I saw the palace ahead of us. I brought Anselmo and Destiny
inside. More of Yevun’s dolls sat near the throne, whimpering.

“There’s a cave underneath the palace,” I said. “I’m not sure how deep
it goes.”

“This is where you saw the other Nephilim before?” Destiny asked.

“Yes.”

“And you’re sure we’re safer there?”

“It has to be safer than being outside.”

The ground shook again. The limbs of the dolls rattled. Chunks of
limestone fell from the ceiling.

I brought Anselmo and Destiny to the staircase behind the throne. Then
we went down the stairs to Yevun’s workshop.

Doll parts had been left scattered on the tables. A young Afghan girl
sat in a cage in the corner. Destiny ran toward her.

“Are you ok?” she asked.

The girl spoke in Dari.

“We need to help her,” Destiny said. “Do you see a key anywhere?”

Anselmo searched the tables. “Maybe we could break the lock with a
hammer.”

He picked up a hammer and a screwdriver and then used them to break the
lock open. The young girl ran into Destiny’s arms.

Above us, the ground shook, raining dirt on our heads.

“We need to go deeper,” I said.

We went down the next staircase, into the room where I’d seen the blood
machine before.

The other Nephilim stood against the walls of the cave. Between them, I
saw the blood machine, filled with wires and gears and the heads of
young children.

Destiny and Anselmo stared at the machine, not speaking anymore.

One of the Nephilim walked toward us. A twelve-foot-tall woman with
black hair, wearing a tattered dress.

The young Afghan girl hugged Destiny’s leg.

“You speak English?” the Nephilim asked.

“Yes,” I said.

“Can you tell us what’s happening up there?”

“Chazaqiel and the Reconstructionists have attacked the city.”

She turned to the other Nephilim and spoke in what sounded like Yiddish.
The other Nephilim whispered to each other.

“If the Reconstructionists win, it will be very bad for us,” the female
Nephilim said.

“They’ll kill you?” Destiny asked.

“They can’t kill us, but they can destroy our bodies. We need to go into
the tunnels. It’s safer there.”

“The tunnels?” I asked.

“I’ll show you.”

We followed her past the blood machine, toward a tunnel that led deeper
underground.

“My name is Esther,” she told me. “You’re Chazaqiel’s new son?”

“I’m not his son, but he did this to me. My name’s Vadym.”

As we went deeper, the ground stopped shaking and the distortions faded.

The walls of the tunnels were filled with gigantic bones. The bones of
dead Nephilim. A burial ground. 

The tunnel broke off in two different directions. We turned down the
left path and then went left again.

Encased in the walls, rather than bones, were strange objects. Stones
that glowed with ethereal colors. Paintings of ancient worlds. Strange
mechanical devices like clocks with six hands.

“What are these things?” I asked Esther.

“Artifacts that the Watchers brought here from Heaven. They keep them
hidden here.”

“If these angels can’t die, how will this end?” Destiny asked her.

“I’m not sure, but it will end eventually.”

The Nephilim began sitting against the walls.

“What’s happening?” I asked.

“I think we’ve gone deep enough,” Esther said.

Exhausted, I sat down, too. Then I closed my eyes, and I slept.

***

Two days passed before Yevun finally appeared. I was happy to see him,
but only because I imagined seeing Chazaqiel would have been much, much
worse.

“Is it over?” Esther asked.

“Yes,” Yevun said. “We’ve won. Come with me, please.”

We followed him back through the tunnels.

“Where are Chazaqiel and the others now?” Esther asked.

“In the mortar pit,” he said.

He turned left and then we went deeper again.

The little Afghan girl stayed close to Destiny, holding her hand.

Soon, we reached a large, open pit, filled with dried mortar. Looking
into the pit, I saw the limbs, torsos, and heads of angels scattered
across the ground. Other angels buried these body parts in the mortar
walls.   

“What are you doing here?” I asked.

“We’re binding the Reconstructionists to the pit,” Yevun said.

He led us down the stairs into the mortar pit.

“Vadym,” Chazaqiel hissed.

I saw him in the wall, staring back, his head stuck in the mortar. His
skull shone through his translucent skin. His veins wriggled against the
white bone.

“It doesn’t end here,” he said. “One day, I’ll be free again, and you’ll
pay for your betrayal.”

The faces of other angels jutted out from the mortar. They cried in
pain. Their scattered limbs squirmed as they tried to break free from
the mortar, but they’d become a part of it now.

“We could have been gods, Yevun,” Chazaqiel cried. “We could have ruled
our own Heaven. Do you know what life you have left to you now?”

“I know,” Yevun said.

Yevun, Armaros, Azazel, and the other Dollmakers began chanting. Slowly,
the heads and limbs of the angels in the mortar walls turned to mortar,
too.

Once Yevun and the others were done chanting, we followed them back
through the tunnels to the room with the blood machine. 

“We need to feed now,” Yevun told us.

The other Nephilim hung their heads, walked to the cave walls and sat on
the ground. Destiny, Anselmo, and I stood where we were, though. The
little Afghan girl clutched Destiny’s leg.

Yevun walked toward us.

“You can’t leave now, you understand?” he said. “You’re part of this
city now too.”

“You can’t keep us here forever,” Destiny said.

“This is the only place in the world left for you.”

“What are you going to do to us?” Anselmo asked.

“You’ll become Nephilim, too. You’ll live here with the rest of us.
You’ll help us stay pure.”

“I won’t!” Destiny yelled.

The girl cried out and hugged her leg tighter.

“It’s not your choice,” Yevun said.

Destiny took the girl’s hand and ran with her toward the staircase that
led back up to the workshop. A few angels chased after them, caught
them, and held them on the ground.

I turned myself into fog and tried to move toward the stairs to help
them, but then another angel started chanting and my body turned back to
flesh.

“We know your tricks now,” Yevun said. “There’s no escape this time,
Vadym.”

A few of the other angels picked up the tubes that extended from the
machine. The tips of the tubes ended in sharp needles. The angels jabbed
the needles into the veins in the Nephilim’s necks. As their blood was
drawn into the blood machine, its gears began turning.

Armaros ran toward Destiny and the Afghan girl, trying to save them too,
but one of the angels swatted him away.

He flew into the cave wall and then fell onto the floor, unconscious.

“I know this seems cruel to you,” Yevun told Destiny. “But this cruelty
is nothing like you’d see if we allowed ourselves to become demonic. The
purity of these children purifies us just like the blood of our
Nephilim. It brings us back to God.”

He went to the young girl and stroked her hair.

“Don’t be afraid,” he told her. “Heaven is real, and soon you’ll be
saved.”

“If God is real, how could you turn your back on Him?” Destiny asked.

“To live our lives how we wanted meant more to us than to live how we
were intended to live.” He pointed at me. “Now go, Vadym, and take your
place with the others.”

I stared at the other Nephilim, blood draining from their necks. They
seemed to be sleeping now.

“It won’t hurt much,” Yevun told me. “You’ll grow tired. You’ll sleep.
After, we’ll let you rest.”

Was this really my fate? Was this really what the world had in store for
me?

I felt like I did in the courtroom, hearing the judge read out my
sentence. Fifteen years in Hell seemed like a gift, though, compared to
eternity.

I went and sat against the wall with the other Nephilim. An angel shoved
the needle-tip of one of the tubes into my neck. The tube filled with
blood and my eyes grew heavy.

I thought about what would happen to Destiny and Anselmo. I thought
about the pain they’d go through as they changed. The suffering.

I thought about Alexei, still bound to the dirt where the Parallax
Medical building had once stood. Where Chazaqiel had spent decades
bolted to a metal wall.

I thought about my mother in Saint Petersburg, telling me all her dreams
for me. All her hopes.

She’d died before I could help her. I was happy she hadn’t seen me being
arrested. I was happy she wasn’t around to miss me anymore.

I remembered lying in her arms as a child, feeling her kisses on my
forehead, feeling loved.

She would have done anything for me, but there was nobody to miss me
now, and that was good. There was nobody to mourn me. Nobody to remember
who I was.

I couldn’t keep my eyes open anymore.

I leaned against the wall, and I slept.

***

Every few weeks, the angels drank my blood. Afterward, I’d feel very
weak. But I’d wander the garden, I’d drink the pomegranate juice, and
I’d sleep in the grass next to the trees.

Slowly, my strength would come back, but just as soon as I felt like
myself again, the angels would feed again. They’d feed on Destiny and
Anselmo and all the others trapped here in this hellish city.

I sat with Destiny and Anselmo in the shade of one of the pomegranate
trees. Destiny had grown white feathered wings on her back. Anselmo’s
wings were black and scaled, with a texture like hard leather.

I looked around at the city. During the fighting, the palace had been
destroyed. The trees had been burnt to the ground. The porcelain
doll-children had been smashed to pieces. In the months that had passed,
though, Yevun and the other angels had worked hard to rebuild the city.
To turn it back into what it once was.

“We could leave if we wanted to,” Anselmo said. “The walls are still
broken. We could escape.”

“Where would we go, though?” I asked.

“We could go back to my ranch.”

“We’d need money,” Destiny said. “We wouldn’t last long without jobs.”

“We could grow our own food. Learn how to be self-sufficient.”

“Maybe,” I said.

Above us, hanging from one of the tree branches, was a doll with the
head of the Afghan girl who Destiny had tried to save. The girl began
singing, but her voice wasn’t hers. It was Frank’s. The Pinkerton
detective who’d freed Chazaqiel from a circus cage a hundred years ago.

“Over in Killarney, many years ago, my mother sang a song to me in tones
so soft and low.”

“It’s awful to be a soul forced to wander this world forever,” Yevun had
told me. “I’m sympathetic to the dead Nephilim. The dolls give them a
bit of happiness to look forward to. A few hours to feel alive again. To
see the world. To feel the sun on their skin.”

A fate worse than death. Endless suffering in a dark and silent tomb.

The same fate as Alexei and Reid, who Yevun had moved to the mortar pit
and bound to the walls. Still alive and unable to escape this world.

But maybe the mortar would rot and one day, they would be free again.
Like Chazaqiel said, everything needs to end eventually, even this
world, even the God who created it.

That’s the only hope I have left.

I looked up at the clouds. At the summit of Mount Hermon, two hundred
angels had sworn a curse-oath together. They would turn their backs on
God and Heaven.  

Two hundred angels, damning us to purgatory just like they’d damned
themselves.

Did they know how many other people would suffer, too? Did they care?

Destiny started to cry. I put my hand on her back.

“No matter what happens, we’ll always have each other,” I told her.

The child-doll stopped singing. The wind blew through the pomegranate
trees.

It was such an awful feeling. To know that Heaven is real. To also know
I’ll never see it.
