3 years ago, I had an accident on the best day of my life. I had just
won the lottery.

50 million dollars.

After giving my overbearing boss and abusive coworkers a piece of my
mind, I drove out of that parking lot that I would thankfully never see
again and tore right across a busy intersection where a 10 ton trailer
truck slammed into my tiny sedan at 60 miles an hour.

When I woke up, everything was blindingly white and I couldn’t move or
feel anything. I remembered the lottery, the crash, I could see the
sunlight refract off of the windows onto ceiling of the hospital ward.
At first I assumed it was just sleep paralysis, but a minute passed,
then several minutes then an hour. A doctor came in to tell me what I
already knew, I was permanently paralyzed from the neck down.

It took a year of suicidal regret and therapy but I came to terms with
it, I’ve never been one to stew on my misfortune and besides, I was
rich. I just needed the perfect environment to cope with my situation.
My lottery payout let me build a home to suit me perfectly. It started
with a staff of half a dozen. A chef, a maid, a physical therapist, a
few assistants and my cat. I got rid of all the mirrors so that I’d
never have to see myself and got rid of all direct internet access so
that I didn’t have to see what I was missing. When everything was set
up, I started to optimise. I didn’t like to see other people walking so
effortlessly when I could barely turn my head. Luckily, modern smart
home technology let me slowly replace every single one.

My food was ordered based on ideal nutritional requirements every day
and delivered to a robot at the door. I had a swarm of roombas and
cleaner bots, I could speak and control the lights, temperature and
shower. And best of all, I had a custom million dollar motorized chair
built that doubled as a bed, I could use it to go anywhere in the house
and it massaged my limp body to make sure I didn’t develop bed sores as
well as managing my waste and swapping out my clothes. The only one I
kept around was my cat, Simba.

Life was okay at first, I read books, watched old movies, wrote some
noir fiction with Simba faithfully on my lap keeping me company. And
then I started to spot strange red stains. My chair or a roomba would
leave a red streak on the carpet, faint, red paw prints where Simba has
been walking, red stains in my laundry. I didn’t think much of it,
perhaps some spice in a meal I had eaten recently or some mud from the
garden, but then it got stranger.

I can’t look down, my chair holds up my neck and spine so I can only
really describe what I think I see in my periphery and from a distance.
The red streaks grew longer and redder. This was definitely not mud. On
the carpet, on the hardwood floor, on the stairs, scarlet streaks that
would slowly fade as the roombas scrubbed them into pink soapy water and
vacuumed them up. And then everywhere else were the paw prints, on the
marble counter top, on the sofas, on the tables and desks. And as Simba
came up to sit on my lap, climbing up to lick my face, I could smell it
on his teeth, fur and breath that it wasn’t tumeric or paprika, this was
blood, fresh blood.

So I figured, maybe there’s rats that Simba is hunting, or birds, but
there was never any fur or feathers, and it kept getting worse. Soon the
roombas couldn’t keep up, the floor was perpetually stained pink, all
surfaces were red splotches that would clot into dark maroon then fade
into the background of fresh paw prints. I felt like I was living in
some sort of macabre art gallery.

Then I started to feel strange, weak and light headed. My nutrition AI
kept stuffing me with iron rich foods and supplements based on my health
readings. What finally broke through my self imposed ignorance, the veil
I had hung to keep myself sane, was noticing that the momentum I felt
tugging against my neck when the chair massaged me was reducing. It’s
like there was less mass to push against, almost like there was nothing
beneath my knees. I knew at that point that Simba was eating me.

I have no family, I insulted everyone who knew me either when I won the
lottery or when I lay in that hospital ward wishing I was dead. Nobody
checks up on me because I like it that way, but now I realize that I’m
going to die here. I’ve built myself a coffin and Simba is going to make
sure there’s not even a corpse left. The entire home is self sustaining
and all my bills are paid automatically, I have visions of this home
being visited 10 or 20 years from now and all that’s around is a
skeleton on a chair and an old well fed cat living off of automatic food
delivery.

This morning, the roomba pushed a severed toe against the leg of the
coffee table. I recognized the crescent-shaped scar on the nail. I’m
typing this using my eye-tracking software, the same program I use to
write my books. It syncs directly to my publisher’s cloud. They’ll
probably think this is just my latest horror manuscript. By the time
you’re reading this, I’m probably already dead. If that is the case, I
only have one request, please take care of my cat Simba. I love him and
I’m sure he didn’t mean me any harm.
