Weird stuff was already happening in my town before I found this diary.
Last week, the neighborhood pets began going missing, and everyone
blamed a mountain lion. There’d been a drought and wildfires, so people
assumed it was causing some trickle-up famine for the wildlife. That all
changed today when a cougar showed up dead next to the highway. It was
drained of blood and fluids, but the most concerning thing was what it
was covered in. 

The local sheriff called it some kind of kudzu species, but he was
clueless. This vine, plant, or whatever the hell it is, was covered in
thorns. The leaves and vines were near black, and the thorns themselves
were bone white. 

As you know, I’m a reporter, so I start doing what I do best and go try
to research what the source of all this is. Dead end after dead end led
me to look back in the local archives. I am convinced that something
like this has happened before, but it’s only led me to more questions. I
found an obituary for a botanist from the 1930s, stating the basics
you’d expect, but catching my eye with one small detail:

He was from our hometown.

I tried to find a specific cause of death, but all of the records and
notes from the coroner were scrubbed. I bring this to the sheriff, who,
in turn, gets me access to the evidence storage. I suspect he really
only did this to keep me from snooping on anything actually important
and ongoing, but I didn’t care. I was free to search and dodge brown
recluses so long as I didn’t tell anyone I was down there. It was
technically illegal, but in a town like ours, nobody cared enough to
enforce it. I was given the key and told to lock up when I was done. 

Gotta love small-town justice.

There weren’t any files on the man’s death, nor any photos, though for
the 30s that was to be expected. There was only one thing bearing the
botanist’s name and case number, but it all fit into a paper envelope.
Besides a few yellow papers scrawled with sparse legal writings, there
was a small book in brown leather. It was still intact and was just what
I’d been hoping for. 

I’m going to start transcribing his words into these posts for
posterity’s sake, and after reading the first few entries, this seems
like the best place to start sharing my research as well as the last
account of this botanist. Let’s hope the cops don’t notice the missing
book. 

Hell. Let’s hope I don’t end up like that poor cat. 

-
 
August 22:

Doctor Weber takes care to keep himself hidden from public life. It’s
been three days since we passed Raleigh, and I fear it will be another
day still before we make it out of the Blue Ridge and into the Piedmont.
Professor Maxwell tells me that patience is a virtue and that before we
know it, we’ll be nestled comfortably back home in Virginia, richer than
Midas and more revered than Solomon. I dare not point out that half the
reason it’s taken us so long to make it down south is that he insisted
on driving us down, missing the turn in Spartansburg, and leading us
down a mountain path instead of the coastline I was so excited to
see.   
  
I mustn’t be so critical of my mentor, however. Such an accomplished
scientist would rarely take his assistant to an almost literal goldmine
of discovery. He hasn’t told me much of this Professor Weber. Only
whatever he has developed in his greenhouse could change the course of
not only our lives but the lives of every starving American living in
Hoovervilles and working long weeks for the sake of a quarter. 

I believe he lost a poor relative to starvation sometime last year,
though I do not know the conditions surrounding it. I do recall his
melancholic state and how often bourbon glasses surrounded his desk. I
often heard him muttering a name over and over in his liquor dreams,
though male or female, I have no clue. 

What I do know is that the man I sit next to now is not that man. Here,
in this truck, his blue eyes transfixed on the road, I see a man of firm
resolve. The beard he’s grown in the last few months makes him look like
a prospector shoved into a suit. His bowtie is scrappy, as is his mood.
He hasn’t even stopped to ask what I’m writing, but has occasionally
gone off on winding stories of how he and his family traveled through
these hills often when he was a young boy. He alludes to having a
sibling of some sort but drops them from the conversation as soon as
they’re brought up.   
  
I read once that a Spanish explorer traversed this area in search of
gold and glory. He died somewhere in the South, I believe. However, I am
certain that if his spirit lives on, it is in the heart of my dear
mentor.   
  
  
  
The road grows bumpy, and it’s becoming harder to write. Will resume on
smoother ground.   
  
  
  
12 pm- or thereabouts: 
  
The oddest people live in this region. Though not unkind, they are
certainly a peculiar bunch. We have stopped off at a roadside gas
station and drugstore, and a small barbecue hut within walking distance
of the place has given me a picnic table to pen my remaining thoughts.
After I ate, one of the waitresses- I believe that’s what she is at
least- approached me and asked where I was heading. I told her that I
was a botanist and that my mentor and I were traveling on business. I
was able to point out the professor to her from my seat. He was leaning
against the truck, smoking a cigar, and apparently in his own
conversation with a clean-shaven man in overalls. Judging by their
points and gestures, it was most likely for directions.   
  
She gave him an odd look, then wiped her hand on her apron. She was
older than both of us by the look of her, with curly white hair tucked
neatly under a paper cap. Her clothes had the occasional grease stain,
and her makeup was smudged from what I could only imagine was the heat
of a kitchen, and yet she stared at us both as if we were tramps in a
department store.   
  
“Where you folks headin’ again?” she asked.   
  
“I forget the name exactly,” I told her, “but I believe its name is
something like ‘Portley’ or a place near there.”  
  
Her expression changed from confused disdain to wide-eyed concern. She
almost dropped her ticket book as she spun around and took a seat next
to me.   
  
“Listen here, son,” she told me, “Iffin it is Portley you’re going, I
suggest you and your professor fella turn right on around and go back to
wherever it was you come.”  
  
I protested, saying we’d already traveled all this way, and followed by
asking what it was that had her so scared. She shook her head and
said:  
  
“They ain’t right up there. They just ain’t. Every once in a while, one
of their ilk comes through on the way to Augusta or Athens or someplace
like that, but every time they do, there’s trouble.”  
  
She went on to mutter something about the way they move or talk, but she
shook herself and coughed. When she stopped, she pulled out something
from her pocket and placed it on the table near my paper plate.

“My family was one of the last catholic families in this region before
they got tired of driving an hour to the nearest church every Sunday and
converted to Baptists. Iffin you’re headin’ that way, you’ll want this.”

The object was a cheap rosary that was missing more than a few beads and
bore a metal cross long since smudged from bright bronze to dull gold.
It was brighter around the base, meaning someone had once committed
regularly to holding it and praying the creed with it, making their
mount cavalry out of a fist and bent knees. It was clearly a family
heirloom, and one I tried to refuse, but the woman would have none of
it.  
  
“Take it, by God, and by God may it either serve you or convince you to
go back. The devil walks the earth, boy, and in Georgia, his home is
Portley. Anything or anyone there is not worth your soul.”  
  
I wanted to ask her more, but before I knew it, she was gone, and the
door to the hut was slammed shut. The sliding order door was closed
immediately after, and I was left alone at my picnic bench, surrounded
by the goliath pines and oaks that spread out like an ocean around me. I
find myself thumbing through the beads remaining on the rosary, reliving
a bit of my childhood and more than likely disappointing my poor, late
mother as I stumble through them. I cannot help but think of the
waitress’s words as I write.   
  
This cross reminds me of the rosary Marie once had.  
  
The professor approaches.   
  
  
  
Addendum:
  
It seems my mentor was able to secure directions, and we are now back in
the car heading towards Portley. I haven’t mentioned anything to him
about the rosary or the things the waitress said. However, I have
noticed something concerning as we stumble into the growing dusk. There
is now an old black bible seated between us. When I asked the professor
where he’d gotten it, he laughed.   
  
“It’s the damnedest thing, John,” he said. “The gas station owner gave
me directions, then ran back inside to grab this. He shoved it on me and
refused to take it back. Superstitious bunch down here.”  
  
I faked a laugh, and he didn’t seem to notice. All is quiet now, but the
closer we draw to the doctor’s house and the life-changing development
he’s made in his reclusive home, I’m nervous.   
  
Must sleep it off.   
  
  
  
7:25 PM 
  
I am stirred awake by the roughness of the road. There is a pain in my
neck from the angle I placed my head, and my vision is hazy. \~\~I am
filled with-\~\~  
  
I am tired.   
  
The professor is still awake but is not up for conversation- that’s why
I’m writing in my journal for the fourth time in a day. What he has said
is that Portley is within the next ten miles, according to the
directions the gas station owner gave us. I look forward to a bed, all
concerns aside, and pray the doctor has food waiting for us. 

I have a pain in my throat now that makes me cough regularly. The
professor isn’t noticeably bothered by this and has only said,
“allergies,” in response to my racket. The pain and the coughing make me
think of Marie. Her condition and loss still haunt me, it seems. Her, my
mother… I fear I have a curse on me that causes women to die.

I cannot wait to have tea or coffee. Anything hot to make this go down
and to shove those ideas out of my mind.   
  
I see a road sign coming up on our right.  
  
Finally,   
  
  
  
August 23- close to 5 AM:  
  
I have much to write despite it being so early. I’m struggling to
rationalize and place all of the events from the latter half of my
journey with what logically makes sense, so I think this is the best way
to lay it all out.   
  
I find myself holding the rosary in my other hand while I write, but I
can’t say solidly as to why.   
  
I’ll start with our entry.  
  
When we made it into town, I started to find myself disillusioned with
the fears the waitress and gas station owner had so thoroughly tried to
instill in me. The buildings were sparse, and the main road of the town
was lined with very few stores. There were occasional houses and one or
two plots that looked like small farms, but nothing overtly stood out. 

There were not many people out, most likely due to the time of night,
but there were some. A group of men in their suspenders and work shirts
huddled around a tiny storefront, resting on metal chairs and smoking
their pipes and cigarettes. I could smell the cheap tobacco from the
truck, and I still find its odor on my cardigan. 

From what I was told, I half expected them to throw bottles or rocks as
we rode through the street. I expected a gun or knife to greet our tires
or at least angry screams. None of that happened. They did the opposite.
They waved at us.   
  
As I write that, I fear I underplay the effect it had on me. When I say
they waved at us, I mean they waved at us. Every single one of them.
Five men were in that group in total, and as soon as we passed by, every
single one raised their (right?) hand, waved, and smiled.   
  
The professor waved back at them, but I could tell from his grip on the
steering wheel that this bothered him, too.   
  
We passed by a woman walking in a very rigid fashion, almost painfully
erect in her posture, and she did the same. Same hand. Broad smile.   
  
It was when passing what looked like the county sheriff’s office that we
were greeted by a dark-haired man in a tan deputy’s uniform. He too
waved and smiled, but lowered them as he stepped down from his perch on
the sidewalk and approached the curb. The professor slowed the car down
and- albeit reluctantly- rolled the window down.   
  
Taking the man in, I was shocked by how smooth his skin was and by how
energetic he looked on what I could only assume was the tail-end of a
long shift. I had an idea as to how his voice would sound this far down
South, and almost jokingly wondered to myself if we’d even be able to
understand him.   
  
Imagine how red my cheeks became as he spoke not only without an accent
but almost impossibly proper English. I couldn’t begin to place a speech
pattern. I still can’t, though the voice is still fresh in my mind.  
  
“Hello there,” he said. “Where are you from?”  
  
The professor explained that we were heading to the residence of Doctor
Andre Weber, and if he had any directions. He didn’t drop his smile as
he said:  
  
“Oh yes! Doctor Andre. He is indeed a very good doctor. He will no doubt
expect you. You cannot keep him waiting.” 

There was an awkward pause before the professor asked again where his
residence was, reading the address from our telegram that had invited us
there in the first place.  I expected to hear another tight response,
but was more startled when the deputy shot his hand up and gestured down
a right turn. He did not say any other direction besides this. The
professor thanked him, prompting a, “It is my pleasure! Please enjoy
your time in Portley!” but nothing else. 

His hand did not drop as he did this. 

We drove away, and as we did, I noticed the deputy staring at us from
the side-view mirror. He dropped his arm almost mechanically and turned
sharply on his heels before walking away. He did so in the same fashion
as the woman we’d seen before. 

“Friendly people,” Professor Maxwell said.

 I remember laughing, but not for the humor of it all. Another detail I
noticed, just as the main road faded from view, was that the back sides
of the buildings- though their fronts were pristine- were covered in
thick blankets of ivy and Kudzu.  I do not know what to make of this,
nor why it bothers me so much. I will write more about this later if my
mind can make sense of it.

We spent another twenty minutes driving through the growing dark as
cedar and oak trees loomed over us with long branches that reminded me
of fingers. Each one bent unnaturally and scraped against the roof of
the truck. The road didn’t grow sturdier either, and at one point it was
so rough I was convinced that we were going to pop a tire on some sharp
rock or another. I would have worried about deer or other passing
animals as well if I weren’t so dazed from the jostling and neck pain I
wrote of earlier. 

Winding road after winding road went on until finally, like some specter
rising from the grave, the silhouette of a manor house came into view.
In a large clearing where the land merged into a grand winding hill, the
sharp treeline was conquered by the rising point of a roof. The amber
lights of lit windows came into view, and before I could process the
magnitude of this large two-story house that sat strangely out of place
in the middle of the Georgia woods, we were already parking in the
driveway. 

“Finally!” Maxwell said, putting the truck in park. “I thought for sure
we’d miss it.”

“Are you sure this is it?” I asked him. I know that sounds like a stupid
question in retrospect, but I believe it was brought about by the unease
that had settled into my system from the encounters we had in the town.
I also still can’t shake the feeling of decay and overgrowth that
lingers in the whole house. In the dark, I could see no discernible
thing wrong with its face. However, the sides of the building were
overrun with blossoming vines and ivy that outstretched to the wood
paneling from the trellises. There was a wild look to it all, and even
now as I write, I notice the fingers of Kudzu scratching at the base of
my windowsill. 

I digress. 

We traversed the dry staircase that led to the front door and went to
ring the bell, but the door swung open. I almost jumped, but was
immediately disarmed when a small man in a tweed suit greeted us. 

He had a pair of wire-rimmed glasses and wore a slightly crooked and
brightly colored bowtie. He sported a thick mustache that put my own to
shame and, despite having very recessed pale temples, a thick mane of
curly white hair that brushed his shoulders and collar. I expected a
staunch and reserved greeting in that similar painful voice the deputy
had given us back in town, but to my pleasant alarm, he was downright
jovial.

“It must be Professor Maxwell I see before me!” he exclaimed, clasping
my mentor’s hand and shaking it vigorously. “I have eagerly awaited your
arrival, and now here you are! A blessing from… from… Well let’s not
dive into that. It is too late in the evening to discuss theology. I am
Herr Weber-” I was still taking in his charming German accent when he
turned to me and looked me up and down. He reminded me of a curious crow
as he cocked his head to the side and mused to himself. 

“And who might this be?” he asked, though more to himself than anyone
else.

“Johnathan,” I said, reaching out a hand. “It’s a pleasure to make your
acquaintance.”

He stared at my hand for a beat, only moving his eyes and his face
devoid of a smile. For a moment, I was worried I had done something to
offend him in some way. I jumped when his straight face burst into a
wide laughing grin, and he took my hand. His flesh was almost alarmingly
rigid and cold, but his personality was anything but. 

“Herr Johnathan. The pleasure of acquaintance is all mine. For when I
thought I’d only be receiving one guest to this lonesome hill, I’ve been
blessed with two! It’s practically a party!”

“Forgive me for the surprise guest, Dr. Weber,” said the professor. “The
journey was simply too long to make by myself, and I was concerned for
my safety. That and- if I may be so bold as to say in a company such as
this- John is a dear friend despite my advantage in years. I trust him
as I do my own family.”

For a moment, I thought he almost said brother. 

“There is no apology needed. I agree, the distance is great, but I
believe your time here will be worth it. I trust you’ve read my
letter?” 

My mentor nodded gravely, and his tone seemed to grow tense as he leaned
in to speak. “The claims you make are great, and I am desperate. Can you
please-”

It was then I embarrassingly let out a wet, hacking cough that resulted
in something flying from my mouth. It landed on the floorboards of the
front porch, and my cheeks grew red. 

“I’m so sorry-” I told them. “I picked something up on the road, it
seems. I cannot begin to-”

“Hush, my boy!” The doctor took me by the shoulder and had me open my
mouth. He examined the back of my throat and said, “As I suspected! An
allergy attack. The pollen here is extreme on most days. Oh, your poor
throat must be writhing!” He pointed a finger back to the professor and
wagged it at him. “We will discuss further over supper, Maxwell. Believe
me when I say that not only are my claims true, but they are greater
than you can even imagine. In the meantime, I’ve prepared a stew that I
think our young friend will find most agreeable. Please, gentlemen.
Inside!”

From there, we were led inside the house. I can speak with certainty,
now that it is daylight, but at the time, I was perplexed with the
house. Its interior was Victorian, with old gilded foil flaking off the
molding. There were glass display cases showing knives, pieces of
pottery, and papers so old, I thought a mere glance could turn them to
dust. The ceiling was high in the main hall, and I saw an open drawing
room off to the side with lovely quilted armchairs. The walls were lined
with books, which set my mind spinning with excitement. There was also a
strange towering device made of glass and metal in the center of the
table, but I did not recognize what it was. 

“This way, gentlemen,” he said, leading us to a door on the left. “I
have much to discuss with you, and plenty of food for you to eat.
Please!” 

As we entered the dining room, he gestured us to a set of chairs nestled
into a fine mahogany table. In the center of its face, resting on a
linen runner, there was a large silver dome covering a platter. From a
china cabinet behind us, he nabbed another plate and bowl, along with an
extra spoon. He sat them down in front of me with care.

“Gentlemen,” he said, gripping the top of the dome. “I give you a stew
that will change your lives forever.” The professor laughed, but the
doctor did not. I suppressed a cough, but Weber did not seem to notice
as he turned to my mentor with a voracious eye. I half expected a
reprimand, but instead: “What ails you, Professor Maxwell?” The
professor looked confused by the issue. “I say, what ails you? What
causes you pain?”

“I’m afraid I don’t understand, Dr. Weber.”

“It is a simple enough question,” he said, brushing his mustache with a
stubby hand. “Our young friend here, at the present, suffers from pains
in the throat with no ready medicine for his condition. Therefore, I ask
you, what is it that ails you?”

“Nothing in particular, sir.” At that, he flashed me a look of concern
and amusement, almost as if he’d been stopped in the street by a crazed
beggar. 

“We are all afflicted,” said the doctor. “Whether we admit it or not.”

“But I have no wounds!” 

There was a long stare between the two of them. The only movement in the
room was the flickering of the candelabras and the trembling of a vase
of tulips. Then, with an almost sinister flare, the doctor smiled. “Not
all afflictions can be seen, and not all pains are wounds. Think of this
as you eat, Herr Maxwell.”

He removed the cover and revealed a large bowl of amber stew, full of
carrots, corn, potatoes, and meat, which I believe was beef. He used a
small ladle and filled our bowls, then exited the room briefly, leaving
us alone with our food. Up close, it looked odd to me. Oil floated in
the broth, and the vegetables looked as if they’d been submerged for a
long while. It looked almost mushy when looking at it for too long. I
looked up to see the professor’s reaction, but to my alarm, he was
staring at the bowl, wide-eyed and troubled. 

Dr. Weber appeared with a  bottle of red wine and exclaimed,
“Multipulciano!” He had already uncorked the bottle and was generously
filling our glasses as we sat. “I fell in love with this wine while
studying in Italy. I bought enough to last a lifetime- though I hope I
outlive the wine!” He laughed heartily, but by himself. Once he sat
down, he gestured for us to eat, and reluctantly, we did. 

I am astonished at how nervous I was at the time. I was merely eating
soup, and yet I recall my hand trembling as I raised the spoon to my
lips. Those first few seconds of taste were nonexistent as I slurped
down the broth, but my senses were reawakened as I took in a flavor that
reminded me of a soup from my childhood. My mother made a soup that
tasted exactly like this, down to the spices she’d thrown in sometimes
at random, but always tasted lovely. 

There was no doubt, despite my odd circumstances. This was my mother’s
stew. How that could be, I had no idea, but it was. The only odd thing I
found was that it was devoid of salt. For moments, I would think that
there was a hint somewhere, but for some reason, I could tell there
wasn’t. I looked up to ask the professor, expecting to interrupt his
meal, but he was actually watching us. His bowl was as full as his
smile, and he raised his eyebrows in delight as I asked him for a salt
shaker. 

“Apologies,” he said, raising both hands in surrender, “but I’m afraid I
don’t keep salt in the house. Sodium doesn’t like me, you understand.”  

I almost commented on how odd that was, and turned to see my professor’s
reaction, but he wasn’t listening. Instead, he was crying softly, his
bearded face inches from the bowl. I saw a tear roll down his nose and
drop into the soup.

“Professor Maxwell,” I asked, “are you okay?” 

“Of course he is,” answered the Doctor as he leaned back in his carved
chair. “He’s simply healing. Aren’t you, sir?” He looked up with a red
face of astonishment. His wet cheeks were wiped by the sleeve of his
jacket, and his smile was like that of a terminally ill man being told
he was cured. 

“I don’t understand,” he said. “What is this doing to me?”

“I’d like to know the same!” I interjected, “This stew tastes… I mean
it’s just like the one-”

“How is your throat, my young friend?” 

It was then that I realized my throat was no longer in pain. I inhaled
an incredulous breath and was shocked at the clarity of my throat. I
couldn’t even muster a response before the Doctor interrupted again. 

“I imagine your neck must feel better, too.” 

He was right about that as well. Any pains and aches from travel I had
held had vanished from my body. I was relaxed, somehow, and my muscles
were invigorated. As I write this now, I find myself wondering:

Did I ever mention the pain in my neck?

If I did, I would have forgotten it. For now, I’ll chalk up Weber’s
comment to nothing more than observation. Still….

Without elaborating, the doctor stood to his feet and said, “My friends,
please finish eating. I have a surprise in the drawing room for when you
finish, but for now, eat. Eat, and be healed! There is still much to
discuss before bed.”

And with that, he left us, and we were left alone. I stared at my bowl
for a second, trying to rationalize the flavors I tasted with what I
saw, but was unsuccessful. I looked at Maxwell to find some kindred
spirit, but it was useless. He was already pouring himself another bowl.

-

I’m not entirely sure what to make of this, but I will update once I can
get the next few entries transcribed. I got a message from my boss while
I was writing the last part, and he told me I need to hurry up and get
to the office. There’s been another animal found wrapped in those
thorns, and he wants an article for tomorrow’s issue. 

I don’t know if this man is connected to the thorns or not, but I feel
uneasy. It feels like something is paying attention to me, though what
or to what extent, I don’t know.

I’ll try my best to get to the bottom of this.

Wish me luck. 
