I need to write down what happened. I… I just can’t… I just need to
write. Everything started yesterday.

I was floating through clouds of cotton candy. I saw Grandma June riding
a horse with wings. I got closer, excited to see her again. “Hey
Grandma!” I said. “I have really missed you!” She met my eyes. Red light
beamed out of her once deep blue eyes. She opened her mouth, BEEP… BEEP…
BEEP…

Sam shook me away. “Wake up, dipshit! We got a fire, and she’s hot!”
Instinct and training took over as I slid out of bed. My eyelids felt
heavy, wafting up and down, as my body moved with precision. Nomex
pants, on. Wool undershirt, on. Boots, on. I felt my eyelids fall as
whoops and hollers bounced off the walls. “Keep up!” Sam said as he
shoved me out the door. I lifted my fifty-pound eyelids and buckled. 

“Rouge Dispatch, this is Engine 631,” Damien said into a static radio. 

A cheerful woman’s voice said, through bouts of interference, “Go ahead,
Crew 31!” 

“Show us en route to the reported smoke up Chetco River Corridor.” 

“Copy, Engine 631 on route to Chetco River smoke sighting.”

“Thanks, Mindy.”

“Any time, Damien.” The radio fell silent, and a roar replaced it. The
engine whined and barked as Sam put the pedal to the floor. Someone
rolled the front window down, blasting me with crisp air. It was so
sharp my eyes began to water.

I rubbed my eyes, saying, “What time is it?” 

“Ha! It’s one AM, buttercup- too early for you?” Sam said. 
Damien twisted around in his seat, his bright green eyes meeting mine.
“On-call shifts are a bitch, kid. You’ll get used to it, especially
after that first paycheck hits,” he said. “Take this; it’ll help wake
you up.” I took the still-warm styrofoam cup and gently brought it to my
lips. The bitter taste hit my tongue, and a few grains got stuck in my
teeth. I scowled as I forced the brine down my throat. “Black,” he said.
“Cream and sugar are waiting for you when you get back.” 

I stared out the window while Damien’s chuckle, reminiscent of a mall
Santa’s Ho Ho Ho, played a harmony with the whispering wind. I checked
my pocket for my phone, only to come up empty. Damn, how could I forget?
With no other option, I watched the trees that bled into the sandy
ocean. Not bad, kinda pretty at night. 

Sam tossed and bumped us as fast as he could in our little engine. 600
gallons of water sloshed just behind me, lulling me into a blissful
doze. My eyelids gained twenty pounds, then thirty, then forty; by fifty
I couldn’t keep them open and succumbed. 

“Grab the Bino’s kid!” Sam yelled. I shot awake, heart beating through
my chest. I rummaged through the junk we let pile up in the cab after
endless patrols took us within arm’s reach of a Taco Bell or a Subway.
My fingers brushed the rough leather strap, and I yanked out the
binoculars from their fast food tomb. 

“Here,” I said, handing them to Damien. 

He took them with a smile and a wink. “Hop out, kid,” he said. “My night
vision isn’t what it used to be. Sammy, kill the lights.” 

I pulled myself out of the car, muscles screaming a hollow cry. We
pulled off by the river, the shimmering reflection of a sliver of a moon
caught my eye. I trailed Damien as he hiked up a grassy hillside a
ways. 

Damien pulled out his phone and scrolled. He flicked a wink at me as he
tossed the binoculars at me. “Says here it should be due east.” I
followed his finger and brought the cold, sleek metal to my eyes. 

I peered through, scanning up and down, left and right. Endless pines,
magnolias, and ferns stared right back at me. I caught a faint wisp of
smoke drifting slowly into the sky. I followed it down and saw a faint
glow through leaves and needles. “I see it,” I said.

“Damn,” Damien said, slapping me on the back. “I was hoping for a false
alarm.” 

“It’s only a wisp; it’s basically nothing,” I said.

Damien grabbed my arm, saying, “That shit is crispy and dead; a little
spark will extend our employment all the way to November.” I nodded.
God, I hope it’s nothing. We made our way back to the truck. Wordlessly,
showed his glowing phone to Sam. 

“Fuck,” Sam said, flicking the lights back on and putting the truck in
gear. We wound and crossed back over and over till we came to a dirt
road, its marker post snapped halfway up. “Think this will get us
there?” 

Damien scrolled through his phone, tapping and flicking. “It’s as good
as best as any,” he said. Sam nodded and turned us up the rocky road.
Sam danced through the rivets the rain had cut, expertly guiding us up
and up. The water tanks sloshed, braking its rhythm after every bump. 

“Car,” Sam said as we pulled to a stop. I looked out and saw a small red
sedan. Its front end was wrapped around a mighty pine. Empty airbags
fluttering in the wind. “Probably lost their brakes coming down. Mark it
down so we can tell Roady.” 

A pause of silence, then both burly, bearded men looked back at me. “Oh,
c-copy that,” I said, pulling out my pocket notebook. “What road is
this?”

“Just put that on the road between mile marker 15 and 16,” Damien said.
I quickly wrote it in my book and gave Sam a nod through the rearview
mirror. He put us back in gear, and we started away. 
After what felt like hours, the clock said 2:36 AM. “Think we missed
it?” I chimed in. 

“Spoke too soon,” Sam said as we pulled into a small clearing. In the
center were smoldering embers wrapped in a ring of rocks. Beer cans and
bullet casings reflected the headlights back at us. “Someone was having
my kinda party,” Sam said as we hopped out of the cab. “Kid, go grab a
hose. Might as well douse it while we are here.”

I ran back to the engine and started unspooling the quick action hose. I
cranked with my right hand until it got too cold and switched to my
left. After more than enough limp hose pooled like a snake on the
ground, I flipped the switch and the pump screeched to life. It rumbled
all the way to my toes as I gathered the nozzle and walked back to the
dying embers, ready to put them out of their misery. 

Damien stood off to the left, shining his flashlight on the ground like
a helicopter searchlight. I approached the fire, braced myself, and
switched the nozzle release. Spittle drizzled out before a POP, then the
flow really started. The force hit the coals and sent a few sizzling out
of the ring of safety. 

“Watch it, Kid!” Damien called.

I gripped the hose tighter, aiming it toward the heart of the coals.
“Sorry,” I said, shivering in the newly damp wind. 

“Should be good,” Damien said. Gratefully, I backtracked my steps, happy
to wind the hose up and

get in the warm truck.
I clipped the reel release into place. “All clear!” I yelled as the pump
motor wound down. I rubbed my hands on my pants, trying desperately to
dry them off on the damp fabric. I jumped in the cab, buckled my seat,
and was ready to go. Come on, let’s get out of here.

Damien’s flashlight flickered through the window as he approached the
truck. “Still waiting on Sam!” He yelled. “He better hurry up if he
knows what’s best for him!” his yell echoed back, tauntingly, as he
jumped in the cab

“Where’d he go?” I said through my chattering teeth. “Lost his
marbles?” 

Damien scoffed. “He went to see if the responsible party was hiding in
the bushes nearby,” he said.

“Better get back soon, though!” he called out the window. “I did find
this, though.” He turned back and showed me a silver-plated Magnum
pistol. 

“Whoa,” 

“Figured if he is too scared to run back for this, means he’s given up
ownership.” Damien slid the pistol into his pants. “Perks of the job.”
That’s definitely like a drug dealer’s pistol. I wouldn’t dare touch
that thing. “You can have this.” He tossed a shiny object at me. 

I turned it over in my hands and flipped it open. A small flame
protruded from the top, illuminating both our faces. “Thanks,” I said. 

We sat for five minutes before Damien started squirming in his seat. He
flicked on the radio, switching through the frequencies with static snow
barking through. He stopped on a clear channel. “Sam, Sam, do you hear
me?” Ten seconds ticked by on the backs of snails. “Sam?” Nothing, just
faint static. “I am going to go look for him; you stay here and keep the
radio on.” 

“Copy that,” I said, replacing him in the passenger seat. I watched him
comb back his salt-and-pepper hair, shine his flashlight widely, and
pull the magnum from his pants. He crouched slightly, and I heard him
softly calling Sam’s name as he walked up the hill. 

I sat in the faint static, only slightly worried. Leave it to Sam to
scare the pants off ol’ Damien. This would be over soon, and I would be
back drifting through cotton candy clouds.

My eyelids were gaining the weight of fatigue when a BANG rippled
through the trees. I perked up; was that a gunshot? My heart punched my
chest faster and faster. I grabbed the radio with trembling hands,
dropping it on the first go. “G-guys?” I said. Nothing. My breath
warmed; the windshield began to fog. “Guys?” Bang Bang. I dropped the
radio. Oh God, Oh God bounced off the four corners of my brain. 

I froze, holding my breath. My hands wouldn’t move. I wasn’t cold
anymore, but my heart would not stop punching my chest, harder and
harder, faster and faster. I heard rustling in the trees. I’m dead. 

“Turn the truck on!” a familiar voice called. My fingers broke free from
the invisible ice that cocooned me. “Turn the damn truck on!” It was
Damien; he was tumbling down the slope, dragging something behind him. I
broke free from my cocoon and skittered into the driver’s seat. 

My hand jingled the keys, shaking like a rattlesnake, while I turned the
engine over. It roared to life as Damien approached the back of the cab.
He threw the door open and tossed whatever he was dragging in the back
seat. It groaned as it landed and reached a muddy hand out at me. Damien
swung the passenger door open. “Drive!” he yelled, jumping in. 

I put the engine in gear and arched us around the long, cold firepit and
drove back down the road. “Where’s Sam?”

“Here, numbnuts,” the lump in the back seat said. “They almost got me,
but-” he was cut off by a bout of coughing. “Can’t stop me that easy.”

We hit a bump, and I almost sent us right into a tree. “Bears?” I asked
after angling us back on the road. 

“Not bears,” Damien said. “I don’t know what they are.” I gripped the
steering wheel and all color fled from my knuckles. 

“Whatever they were, they got me good,” Sam said. I snuck a glance back
at him. He was covered in deep red blood. 

“Holy… what happened?” Neither of them answered me for the next couple
of big bumps. “What happened?” I repeated. 

“They just looked like tall men,” Damien said. 

“Tall what?” 

“Tall men.”

I slammed the brakes. “You are saying that a tall dude scared you guys
so much you made me piss my pants?”

“Just drive,” Damien said, a waver in his voice. “Now!” he pulled the
gun from his pants and flicked the safety off. 

“Har Har, real scary. What’s in there, blanks? You know I heard about
the hazing, but this is something-” The truck shook. It whipped us side
to side like we just got T-boned by a speed junky. “What the?” 

“Just GO!” Sam screamed, sounding less like a burly firefighter and more
like a schoolgirl. “Drive, dammit!”

I let my body take control while my mind ran in circles. My hands moved
us back into gear, and my foot slammed the gas. Heart chiseling away at
my chest, knuckles white as bone. What the hell? My body drove us down
but failed at the same spot our smashed sedan friend did. 

We hit a blind bump, bouncing us left. I overcorrected right, and we
SLAMMED into the back end of the abandoned red car. Airbags punched me
in the face, sending me to drift with the cotton candy clouds. 

Screaming, eardrum-bursting wails filled my thoughts, and I shot awake.
Everything looked fuzzy, like a child trying their best to stay in the
lines in their coloring book. What… what hap… happened. My mind was
muddled, but my body, ancient programming taking over, turned my head
toward the heart-stopping scream. 

A blur, vaguely in the shape of Sam’s wide muscular frame, was sliding
into the darkness. A long arm wrapped around a green leg. Bang! I shut
my eyes; needles stabbed my face as the muscles contracted. Something
tickled my chin and splattered warmly onto my hand. 

I opened my eyes; blood was snaking down the back of my hand. “Oh god,”
I yelled!

“Shut up!” a harsh whisper, muffled through teeth, sat in my ears before
my brain finally made time to process it. 

“What… what happened?” I said. 

The “Shut up” drifted by again. 

I felt for the seatbelt; my thumb had no strength to unlatch it. I
pressed hard, but still nothing. I forced my knuckles in the groove;
click, I was free. I tried the door handle, frozen solid. That’s not
right; it’s only fall, no ice till winter. I tried again; stone solid.
Before I could deliberate with myself again on why that made no sense, a
hand gripped my arm. 

It pulled me toward the passenger seat. I scrambled, grabbing every
nook, cranny, and knob I could. I heard another scream, but it broke
with every breath I took. I slid further and further. No, NO! This can’t
be it.

Light blinded my eyes. “Shut up,” the light said. 

“G-God?”

“No, kid, now shut up!” Damien put a hand over my mouth. I blinked my
eyes. Damien, bloodied, stood before me, magnum pointed into the trees.
He trembled and dropped to a knee beside me. “They got Sam.”

“Who?” 

“The damn tall guys!” Damien looked me over. “Looks like that arm is
busted.” 

I looked down and saw my arm was angled at my mid-forearm. Looking at my
arm reconnected it to my brain, and hot pain pulsed through me. Dammit!

“We gotta go,” Damien said, grabbing my good arm and pulling me to my
feet. A sharp twinge shot up my back, but I caught my footing. “I’ll
grab the radio; just start heading down the hill.” 

My feet planted. Left. Right. Left. Right. My head bobbed with every
step. I prodded my arm with my good hand, feeling its tight, bloated
skin and the warmth it radiated. I missed placing a foot, sliding on a
patch of loose gravel. The sudden jerk it took to catch myself from
falling worked, but the twinge in my back got heavier. I stumbled to a
tree, resting my shoulder on its jagged bark. 

I breathed in and out until the beast in my chest slowed to a reasonable
rhythm. I looked back at the truck; Damien had almost made his way to
me. I sucked in deep, unearthing a sharp stab in my ribs. 

“Radios busted,” He said as he approached. “I’ve only got two bullets
left, so things are looking peachy.” He met my eyes. “How do you feel?
Think you can make it down the mountain?” I nodded, clutching my arm
against my chest. “Let’s get gone then.” 

I followed Damien’s dark silhouette down the hill. I didn’t notice when
the dirt road changed to dead leaves and twigs. I brushed against
low-hanging branches, flinching to keep from getting snagged. 
Damien stopped. “What was that?” I just looked at him. “Did you hear
that?” I shook my head, feeling muscles in my neck I never had before.
“We’ll be quiet.” He gestured to keep moving. 

I took another step, planting my foot securely, when a distant rumble
registered. “Wait, I did hear something.” 

Damien turned back. “Like a distant earthquake?”

“Ya.” I took another step forward. Damien’s face bloomed with wide eyes
and raised eyebrows.

“What?”

“Just keep moving, slowly.” He raised his gun, aiming just above me. I
started to turn back, but Damien broke in, “Don’t! Just keep moving.” I
moved the complete opposite of how fast my heart beat in my chest. One
laborious, strenuous, silent step after another. Damien didn’t move an
inch. He stood, shaking, but the gun was still as a stone. 

I passed Damien and braved a glance back. A dark, lean figure stood,
higher than the decade-old trees, silhouetted by the sliver of a moon in
the sky. I jerked back, eyes on my feet as I kept my legs moving. What
is that thing? I kept moving and going; just go down was my only
thought.

 I came to a small drop where a mudslide cut a ten-foot cliff. I turned
back, “Hey, help me get-” A faint flash flickered through the trees.
Bang! Bang! A gut-curdling scream rose, lifting into the air before
Thud! It was cut short. Go!

I jumped down the cliff, rolling shortly with sharp stabs and shocks
running through my skin and bones. I caught my feet and rose, heart
beating against its cage. I stumbled through the trees and undergrowth,
ripping my pants on thorns and grazing my arms on bark and branches. 

The sliver of a moon fled behind some morning fog, cool on my skin but
sucking the last bits of light. I felt my pockets for my phone. Damn, I
don’t have it. In my fleeting search, my fingers grazed a sleek metallic
object. I pulled out the lighter and flicked it on. Its warm glow fuzzed
through the fog. Barely a dent. 

I kept walking, a warm beacon stretched out in front of me. I got so
focused on putting my left foot in front of my right, then my right foot
in front of my left, that I slammed into a tree. My eyes tracked the
warm glow as it was dislodged from my grasp and glided to the earth. I
scrambled down to pick it up. Fire, Fire, FIRE. I snatched it up,
stamping a couple of times where it had lain, spreading its heat. 

I flicked the lighter closed, inviting the darkness back to consume me.
Rather be dark than light the forest on fire. I looked around at the
solid dark trunks, fuzzy and diffused through thickening fog. Fuck, I
just- I just gotta keep moving. 

I took a step, as my foot connected to the freshly dead leaves, a tree
in front of me shook. I froze, gluing my feet in place, eyes locked and
unblinking. The shaking got more strained, gaining wider and wider
side-to-side movements. I slowly, inch by inch, slid my hand back into
my pocket. I clenched the lighter, gradually pulling it out. I moved it
right in front of me while the shaking tree began whipping harder and
harder, wider and wider. I sucked in a long, deep breath, then flicked
the light open, releasing the blaze. The light bounded through the fog,
diffusing and cooling till it hit the black shape of the tree. 

I took one step, then two, then three, getting closer and closer to the
dark flailing tree. Inches from its surface, I made out the texture of
the bark as the whipping slowed. I followed the trunk to the ground, my
eyes crawling, hoping to find any possible explanation. Finding nothing
on their trek, my eyes journeyed up toward the branches. The light
followed my gaze, inching up to the sky the higher my eyes climbed. All
the leaves were gone, flung from their perch and resting on the ground.
Hordes of black and brown branches stared back at me. I hope my mind
doesn’t play tricks on me. I made out vaguely familiar shapes, but even
in the weak glow I could tell they were all branches. 

All the branches were in their place. It’s nothing. I raised a foot to
back away when one branch dislodged, falling towards me. As it
approached and absorbed more faint firelight, I marked out its straight
posture. Amused, I took a step from its intended landing zone, satisfied
with my safety. But as I moved, so did the branch. It stopped, hovering
just above me. Hesitant, shaky fingers reached out. My skin groped,
expecting cool solidity, finding warm softness. The branch curled,
gripping my arm. 

I clenched my eyes, feeling the digits grip deep into my muscles. I
began to move, pulling my confined arm away from the tree. Through the
faint glow, I opened my eyes and followed the branch as it converted
into an uncanny arm. My eyes crept along its slender shape, meeting a
bulbous portion. Raising the lighter, I saw two faint warm glows staring
back at me. 

My muscles took over while my mind pitted itself deep in the recesses of
despair. My hand holding the lighter swung back and whipped the lighter
straight at the soft reflections. As it made contact, the grip released
from my arm, and my body was ready. My legs shot up and bound me down
the slope. I collided with tree after tree, never faltering, always
moving down. 

The thud of my feet, smashing foliage and deep tree limbs, was echoed by
pops and rattles. The wind at my back slipped from cool and propelling
to warm and inviting. The pops grew into a roar, louder and louder,
ringing in my ear. I chanced a glance back; flames danced and jumped, a
primeval beast awoken and hungry. I ran, I jumped, I bobbed, I stumbled,
the warmth on my back reaching out and cooking my skin. My calves and
neck started to burn, absorbing heat from hell. 

Tears found purchase in my eyes. I heard soft whimpering. Thud, right,
Thud, left. It’s over. I prepared to turn back, meet my end with dignity
rather than be caught in cowardice. I planted my foot, engaging my
muscles to consume my momentum, when the ground beneath me gave out. My
arms clawed for anything, coming up short, sending me tumbling. I
rolled, attempting to protect my head when sharp frigidity consumed me
and stole my breath. I pulled my head from the water, up to my neck in
the flow of the river, immediately grateful for the heat of the fire and
the adrenaline. 

My eyes gravitated to the tips of the blaze as it met the bank of the
river. I had found refuge from the scorching tendrils. I watched the
trees pop and rage as the flames licked up their backs, eating them in
moments. I let the flow of the river pull me, drifting away from the
flaming bank. 

I used my weeping muscles and treaded water to a boulder that had sat
itself in a shallow portion of the river. I gripped its cool, jagged
ridges and pulled my aching body out of the icy flow. My arm screamed at
me as I rolled the sleeve up, revealing its mangled zig-zag. I let out a
yell, unafraid to sound unmanly, allowing my pain to be drowned out by
the screaming fire and rushing water. 

I breathed a handful of times deeply before I realised the fog had fled.
I turned back to the fire, wanting to gauge its spread. Going to need at
least one helicopter, maybe a plane-. My thoughts were cut off by a dark
spot on the flame. I squinted my eyes, trying to make out what it was. A
long, thin silhouette stood motionless on the river bank. My breath
choked in my throat as my heart punched my chest. I kept my eyes wide
and planted; it still didn’t move. Another silhouette emerged from the
blaze, black, voidlike color only enhanced by the terrific flames. 

I sat motionless as the bank filled with more long, thin silhouettes. I
stayed there, arms screaming, back tingling, shivering violently, eyes
never moving, for what felt like hours. As the pale orange light of the
sun crested the tops of the mountain peaks, one by one the silhouettes
turned back into the fiery blaze. All but one. Its figure remained
motionless, never as much as a twitch. I kept my eyes locked until
finally, it moved. It raised one long, stretched, black arm in the sky
and slid it back and forth in the air before retreating into the blaze. 

I reported the fire. I told them they needed to remain aerial as long as
possible, but the command had other plans. Tonight’s the first night
initial attack crews will be camping in the region. I keep the radio on
my lap, full volume. The nurses keep teasing me, telling me my rest is
more important than news about a fire. I don’t know what I’ll do when
the first sighting chimes over the static snow. Their deaths will be on
my hands.
