When I first applied for this job it seemed like the perfect job for a
nomad like myself. Steady pay for six months, a place to hookup my van,
and unlimited showers. All I had to do was make sure the bathrooms were
cleaned every morning and the trash cans were emptied every other day.
And then of course, there was the set of rules my boss gave me when I
showed up for my first shift.

“Now I know these rules may seem strange to you at first, but they will
eventually become second nature. This campground is pretty isolated and
hard to reach so most of the campers we have here are pretty serious and
returnees, so they know the rules themselves pretty well.

You only have to be worried about new campers, which is pretty rare. But
in the off chance it does happen, find them immediately and read them
the rules. And do your absolute best to convince them to follow them.

There was an incident a couple years back we really don’t want a repeat
of.”

With that he handed me a laminated sheet of paper with three rules on
them, I expected him to walk off after he handed me the list, but he
stood there expectantly, waiting for me to read them.

1)Never leave your campsite at night.

2)Do NOT hum or sing on the trails.

3)When you need to enter any building on the property always knock
first.

I couldn’t help but chuckle, these seemed so hyper specific and obscure,
I felt like I was being hazed. But glancing up at his face I could tell
he was completely serious.

I got the first two, we don’t want anybody getting lost on the trails or
disturbing others at night, and a lot of people prefer to hike just to
the sounds of nature.

But the third one didn’t make sense, and when I asked my boss about it
he simply said “We don’t want to surprise anything that’s on the other
side of the door, it’s just good manners.”

The fact that he said “anything” instead of anybody didn’t escape me,
but I didn’t push it. I really needed this job. With a few words of
encouragement and a reminder to always keep the list on me, he drove
off.

It was about 4:00pm at that time, so I decided to get my van setup and
then start on my chores. Both the bathrooms and trash had to be taken
out today.

As I walked to my van I noted how quiet it was, other than me there were
only two others staying at the campground. We really were isolated, the
nearest town was an hour away, and the cell reception was basically non
existent, expect for one measly bar you could get standing at the
farthest edge of the campground near the exit.

I took way longer than expected on my van, and by the time I was done
night had already fallen. I realized I hadn’t taken the trash out or
cleaned the bathrooms; as I started walking to the edge of my campsite I
heard a sharp whistle.

My head turn towards another campsite and through the warm glow of their
fire I could make out a figure waving at me.

“Hey, don’t leave your campsite. Whatever you need can wait till
morning.”

“Oh okay, it’s my first day and I totally forgot to take the trash out
and stuff.”

The figure sighed and said with a little more urgency, “Don’t leave your
campsite, wait till first light and then take it out. We can wait.” Then
they walked off, receding further back into their campsite. I got the
feeling they didn’t like standing to close to the perimeter.

I couldn’t help but thinking that they really do take the rules
seriously here. I was happy to do it in the morning, I wasn’t exactly
thrilled to be poking around the campground at night. Even though I
wasn’t necessarily convinced about the rules, they did set me on edge.

I stood at the edge of my campsite a little longer before heading back
to my van, and as I turned around I felt a cool breeze tickle the back
of my neck, almost like someone had blown on it.

Which normally wouldn’t have stood out to me, except for the fact that
it was August, and summer was in full swing. I quickened my pace and
slammed the door as soon as I was inside. I scanned my campsite and saw
nothing. I made a mental note to light a fire from now on, and too tired
to do anything else I rolled over and fell asleep.

I was woken up by a timid sounding knock at the door. It startled me
nonetheless, and I shot up. I was met by a young couple who were as
equally shocked to see me, the husband stepped forward to greet me as I
opened the door.

“Sorry we didn’t mean to startle you, but we were wondering if you had
any open campsites?”

Still drowsy and rubbing sleep out of my eyes, I got up and showed them
the sign in board, where we had a list of all the sites available that
day.

The wife thanked me and started to explain that they were taking a
spontaneous trip and had made a bet that they would stay the night at
the first place they came across, and so on and so forth the entire
weekend.

Finally my brain started worked again and I had the wherewithal to ask
them if they had ever stayed here before.

While filling out the paperwork they both explained that they lived in
the town that was an hour away and they had heard about this place but
never actually stayed here. “We were too scared too because of the
stories, but this place seems totally normal.”

Before I could ask them to explain they rushed off to their campsite,
and I realized that I still hadn’t done any of the chores I was supposed
to. The posted sign on the showers says that they open everyday at
8:00am.

I checked my watch as I headed over to the showers, 7:30. Just enough
time. There were only three showers so I didn’t anticipate it taking
that long.

Just as I put my hand on the door knob I heard a voice from behind me.

“Did you knock?”

I recognized the voice from last night and realized it was the same
camper who had warned me before.

“Sheesh, you really need to keep the list on you or memorize them.
Otherwise you won’t last much longer than the last guy.”

I sheepishly fished the list from my back pocket as they rolled their
eyes. They started walking back to their campsite before shouting out to
hurry up with the showers.

I took one last look at the list before I did in fact knock on the door.
To my surprise instead of being met by silence like I expected I heard a
soft shuffling from behind the door, like someone moved out of the way.

I slowly turned the knob and opened the door, giving a trepidatious
“hello” before I stepped inside. I was met with no answer. Maybe I was
just hearing things, I didn’t have the best sleep last night.

But I still couldn’t shake the feeling that someone had been there,
waiting just behind the door, hoping I wouldn’t remember to knock. I
cleaned the showers and connected bathrooms as fast as I could, it felt
suffocating in there and I welcomed the fresh air as I burst out of the
door.

Waiting in front of me were the rest of the campers, minus the new
couple. Two guys (one whom I recognized) and a mother and her daughter.
“All set” I said, as I walked away, but not before I saw the first set
of people walk up to the door, knock, wait and then enter.

By this point I was sufficiently creeped out. But I realized I had
nothing to base this on except a stupid set of rules everyone was
hellbent on keeping.

The rest of the day passed without incident, I did a few rounds on the
provided golf cart, picked up trash here and there, easy stuff. As I
passed the new guests campsite I screeched to a halt, I forgot to tell
them about the rules.

I immediately got nervous and ran over to their campsite. Thankfully
they were there, and I gave them the same speech my boss gave me. And I
was met by the same looks that I gave my boss. I had done my due
diligence, and with one last emphasis of the rules, I gave them a copy
and headed back to the golf cart. I really didn’t press as hard as I
should have, but I wasn’t even entirely convinced of the rules myself.
As I walked away I realized they didn’t have much stuff, barely anything
at all besides what was on their backs, I didn’t even think I saw a
tent.

Night had fallen and I realized once again that I had forgotten to take
out the trash. My boss was coming tomorrow morning to check up on me and
I really didn’t want him to see the mountain of garbage in our tiny
dumpster.

I bit my lip and pondered whether I should go or not. I couldn’t trust
myself to wake up early enough. My eyes scanned the campground, no fires
tonight, the other campers must’ve already gone to bed.

I grabbed a head lamp and headed towards the dumpster. The only sounds
in the entire forest were my footsteps and the occasional twig that I
happened to tread upon.

I couldn’t relax, it was too quiet. You couldn’t even hear the wind even
though you could see the trees swaying back and forth. The birds that I
heard only an hour ago had gone silent.

As I was busy wrangling the trash into the dumpster when I heard
footsteps behind me, I whipped around and was met with the new couple
from earlier.

“Sorry, my wife really had to pee and didn’t want to go alone.”

“Didn’t you read the rules? You aren’t supposed to leave your campsite?”

They looked at each other and then back at me, “then why are you out
here?”

Touché, I told them to hurry up and turned back to the dumpster. I
wanted to get out of here as fast as possible. I realized after a few
minutes I never heard the couple walk off, turning back around I
realized they hadn’t moved and were still behind me, eery grins pasted
on their faces.

“You really should’ve followed the rules.”

I was frozen to the spot and the same cold breeze passed over me that I
had felt my first day here. The air filled with static, and my heart
felt heavy in my chest. The couple seemed to leer and move closer
without actually taking a step. Suddenly I heard a voice from behind me
and a warm hand on my wrist, “back up slowly and walk to my campsite
with me, don’t take your eyes off of whatever you’re looking at.”

I did exactly that, the couple followed. Each step I took, so did they.
Thankfully I was a few feet ahead of them. They moved in unison now, and
looking carefully at them, their flesh has started to mold together,
like they were absorbing one another.

We made it back to his campsite and I felt the warmth of the fire behind
me. I still hadn’t turned around. The couple had now followed us just to
the edge of the campsite, but wouldn’t take a step further. They had now
fully merged together creating this grotesque fusion of flesh.

“Whatever’s out there won’t cross the perimeter as long as you keep you
keep looking.That’s the price you have to pay for breaking the rules,
there is always a price”.

Keeping my eyes on them or it at this point, I asked if he could see
what I was seeing. He went on to explain that everyone sees or
experiences something different when they break the rules, and no one
else but them can see it.

“Have you ever broken a rule?”

The silence was filled with pain, and when he finally spoke I could hear
how thick his voice was, “too many.” The night didn’t pass as long as
you might’ve thought. The adrenaline kept me going, as well as the fire
and company behind me. And as soon as first light crested the trees, it
vanished.

I turned around to thank the man who I now knew as Mathew, but he was
asleep by the dwindling fire. I didn’t want to wake him.

I was wresting with the fact that there was never any couple and that
whatever had checked in the day before was never going to check out when
I heard a truck pulling up to the campsite. My boss.

It didn’t take more than a look for him to realize I’d broken the rules.
He listened to the story calmly, and when I’d finished, he paused before
asking me “so, do you still want the job?”

He explained that they really couldn’t afford to leave the campground
without a host for long periods of time, and I had now experienced the
consequences for myself.

I surprised myself by agreeing to stay on for the rest of the season;
just as I saw a family pulling up in a mini van, 4 kids cramming their
faces against the window.

My boss saw them too this time, and told me “good luck”, as he hauled
off in his truck. I almost wanted to go with him.

So if you happen to be a guest or even find yourself working at an
isolated campground with an odd set of rules, take them seriously.
