Hello guys, I have to tell somebody what is happening because I am
freaking out. A moment ago I took a quick break at work for a snack.
Reddit is kind of slow today so I checked my home cameras. I had them
installed a few years ago after the Afroman incident, but I barely ever
look at them. Everything was normal outside, at the kitchen and at the
garage, but then the living room came in and I almost crap my pants.
There was some guy in a wheelchair by the sofa. He had bandages over his
face and seemed to be phased out. I froze for a moment trying to come up
with an explanation, like maybe the app is serving me the feed from
another house. Admittedly, the decor is pretty generic, there are other
houses in the area with the same room layout, and my wife and my dog
were nowhere to be found. The garage and the kitchen were definitely
mine.

As I was considering that, the guy in the wheelchair suddenly moved, as
if he had just come out of a trance or realized something. He stared
right at the camera. They are not very well hidden, but they have no
light or anything that would indicate someone is watching. Then he
rushed out of view. He was quite slow, he didn’t seem to be used to the
wheelchair, but he seemed to be panicking. The view, however, covers the
whole room, or at least any space in the room where he could hide. After
reaching a wall, he changed his mind and started grabbing cushions and
other objects and laying them on the floor.

At that point, it was me who snapped out of it and called my wife. We
have been married for five years, and we are of more or less the same
age, just short of thirty. She is a very bubbly person and picked up the
phone with her usual energy. When I told her about the guy in the living
room she was shocked, and immediately told me she was walking the dog.
She had no idea who that could be or what he could be doing in our home.
We agreed I should call the police.

Before making that call, though, I decided to look at my living room
feed again. Just to make sure I hadn’t allucinated the intruder. He was
still there alright, laying clothes and other objects on the ground in
some sort of pattern. They were letters: “dontc”. He was still writing
when he was interrupted. My wife came into the room! “What the hell is
she doing!” I thought. But her demeanor was not scared or even very
confrontational, she seemed pissed. She started picking the stuff off
the ground and arguing with the wheelchair guy! My dog came in too. He
was pacing nervously but didn’t attack the stranger, who was
gesticulating in distress. Then they hugged! Finally my wife pushed the
wheelchair out of the living room.

I called my wife again to confront her, but she said there is nobody
home, just her and our dog! No matter what I said she kept denying what
I had seen with my own eyes.

I don’t know what to do. It doesn’t make as much sense to call the
police now that I know my wife is somehow involved. Is she cheating on
me with this guy? Is he some old friend or family member in need of
help? Then why not tell me? If she is hiding something, why did she
encourage me to call the police before? What’s with the stranger’s
behavior? Is he somehow the victim here?

My boss has just come to ask why the long break and if I am alright, and
I don’t even know what to tell her. I can’t make sense of this. Shall I
go back home right now? Please tell me something.
