What’s a tooth worth? Well most insurances pay me, a dentist, about
seven hundred bucks when I pull one. Most patients, especially older
ones, don’t argue. They come in with a sore tooth, then leave without
it. They also don’t argue when I prescribe certain pills.

Most of them are poor, even homeless. It doesn’t cost them a dime.

Today I got a call that changed things. 

It was my mom. She’s 89 years-old and lives in a home not far from my
clinic.

“Hey mom,” I tried to sound upbeat, but my head pounded from
withdrawals. I hadn’t had any pain killers for days.

“Are you at work?” She asked.

“Yes,” I said.

“I’m going to face app you,” she said. I heard her pushing buttons.

I tried to stop her, “That’s not what it’s called mom, and now isn’t the
best…”

I was cut off with the all too familiar ring of the video call coming
through.

“Hey mom,” I groaned.

She was at home, I recognized her knickknacks. There was something
different, in the background. A large poster of a man crying, the word
integrity burned into his face.

Suddenly someone unfamiliar jumped in front of the camera, “Well
helloooo sonny boy!” he giggled. He started bouncing around like a kid
at an ice cream parlor. He was holding my mom’s hands, she giggled
along. 

“Who is this?” I asked.

My mom’s face appeared. “This is my new nurse,” she said. “He’s very
sweet, and says he knows you.”

“Oh I dooooo,” the guy sang out.

He put his face in the camera “Very well,” he said. “And you’ve been a
naughty little boy. Haven’t you… Doctor.”

“Who the fuck are you?” I asked.

The guy took a deep breath, covering his mouth with his hands. “You
would swear in front of your dear old mother?” He asked as he walked
over to my mom.

“Don’t touch her you creep,” I shouted.

“Or what?” The guy said. “You’ll pull more teeth.”

“Fuck you,” I shot back.

The creep turned toward my mother, “Show us a big smile honey,” he said.

“Mom, you don’t have to listen…” I started.

She tilted her head to the side and opened her mouth showing her
toothless smile, the smile I gave her.

“You look marvelous darling,” the guy said while draping his arms around
her. He turned back toward the camera. “Doctor, I love what you’ve done
here.”

I started to protest, but the guilt of having pulled my own mothers
teeth for the insurance claim shut me up.

“That’s what I thought,” he said.

“What do you want?” I finally asked.

“What’s the old saying? An eye for an eye, a…” he buried his face in the
camera waiting for me to finish the sentence.

“A tooth for a tooth,” I whispered.

“Bingo!” he yelled before turning back towards my mom. “You have such a
smart boy.”

My mom smiled again. I had to look away.

He went and sat next to her. “I’m going to ask her a few questions,” he
said. “First question, did you know your son was a drug addict?”

I let out a deep sigh.

“Yes. But I still love him,” my mom responded, tears filling her eyes.

“Second question. Did you know he pulled your teeth to get insurance
money to support his drug addiction?” the guy asked.

There was a long pause before my mom answered, “I thought you said they
were bad,” her voice quivering.

“Please stop,” I pleaded. “I’ll do anything if you just stop and leave
her alone.”

“I think you know what I want,” the guy said.

“A tooth for a tooth,” I said.

“Make sure we can see you,” the guy said before he started to dance
around, laughing and clapping. He again buried his face in the camera.
“And no drugs for you….”

I sat in the old dentist chair and wheeled over a tray full of tools. I
set the phone on the edge of the tray so they could see my face. I
grabbed the extraction forceps and reached for one of my back teeth.

“Uh uh uh,” the guy scolded. “One of the front ones,” he said with
excitement.

I removed the forceps from my molar and gripped them tightly around one
of my lower front incisors. I sat for a moment contemplating how I will
do this. If I will do this.

“I think mom needs another story. Did he ever tell you about your friend
Mrs…”

“Okay, I’ll do it,” I shouted, cutting him off before he finished.

I gripped the forceps tight with my left hand and reached my right hand
high in the air. In my head I counted to three before I threw my right
arm down as hard as I could against my other arm, yanking down on the
forceps at the same time.

A loud crunch echoed through the room as the roots holding my tooth
cracked. The pain was immediate and intense. Blood filled my mouth. I
screamed as nauseous took over.

I looked at the phone. The creep had a camera and was taking pictures of
me while laughing. My mom was weeping.
