Tick, tock, tick, tock.

Above the conference room table, the thin metal hands of the clock wound
their way around the white face of it. Curls of steam rose from
untouched coffee mugs, soft afternoon light filtered through the white
plastic blinds, and cars rumbled by outside with muted chatter. The
woodwork of the room was showing its age today, scuffed, chipped, and
scratched from countless years of administrative work going to and fro.
The scent of coffee, glue, and copy paper hung on the air around the
table, but with the door to the conference room shut, it seemed to thin
in favor of the dry smell of dust that lingered despite numerous
cleanings. That was Jabo’s Fork in a nutshell; an old thing still
chugging along like an antique car, refusing to submit to the effects of
time in the shadow of the mountains around it. Yet, like so many small
towns, it too had its fair share of problems, and it was this that
brough us here as the other people around the conference table stared in
shock at the sheriff.

“David, come on.” Mayor Jonathan Hilco blinked at him with the half
smile of a man who doesn’t want to believe his ears. “You can’t be
serious.”

Across the flat expanse of polished oak, Sheriff Kowalski nodded, no
humor in his stoney expression. “I am.”

Lisa Renfield, dressed in her usual pinstriped pantsuit, shook her head
at Kowalski in amazement, hands shaking as if she were watching the
money disintegrate before her very eyes. “That property is worth
millions. Just the price on the house alone could fund the town’s
administration budget for an entire year. Besides, every day the park
stays closed, we lose even more money. I can’t believe we’re even
discussing this.”

“It’s still a crime scene, Lisa.” The sheriff narrowed his dark eyes at
her and jabbed a finger at the louvered blinds covering the courthouse
windows. “We’ve got four missing people connected to the Watkins
property, three of them local residents. For God’s sake, Cindy Fadro
went to school with your niece! Erin Martinelli’s father was on the
football team with John in high school! If we sell that place we’ll
never get a better chance to find out what happened to those girls, and
opening up the park around Smoke Point will guarantee contamination.
Every two-bit podcaster this side of the Mississippi will be out there,
climbing around with their cameras to look for ghosts, while real
evidence might get buried or lost thanks to their tramping.”

Leaning forward so that his prodigious belly mounded against the edge of
the conference table, Douglas Finberger tried to calm the situation even
as his face reddened with similar levels of disbelief. “Let’s not lose
our heads here, yeah? Look, David, we’re all saddened about what
happened to Ed Watkins and those two girls, but it’s been several months
without a single lead or update. We’ve humored you this long in keeping
the park closed, but you can’t seriously expect us to throw away this
kind of opportunity based on cold cases. After all, you’ve always said
your boys needed more funding; think how much equipment and training we
could get from the estate sale.”

That’s going to go over well.

Seated to the left of Sheriff Kowalski, I sucked in a breath and waited
for the inevitable eruption to follow the county auditor’s remarks. I’d
been a deputy sheriff for years in Jacob’s Fork, and had served under
David Kowalski since I was a rookie cop. He was a good man, and a strong
leader, but he could get easily fired up when confronted with the
bureaucratic red tape of local governance. I had been there when our
tiny force went through some really tough cases; the drug ring that came
in from Boise six years ago, a Kootenai poaching racket that murdered a
hunter four years ago, or last year when a crazed gunman from out of
state tried to shoot up an elementary school during Valentine’s Day.
Most of the time, being a cop in the forgotten stretches of northern
Idaho was easy, but these cases were always fresh in the minds of anyone
who stayed on Kowalski’s force. For this reason, he’d been pushing more
funding for nearly a decade, and always he got the same excuses about
the county budget. To bring it up now, after everything that had
happened concerning the Wickenshire House, was tantamount to throwing
gasoline on a bonfire.

He swiveled his head to blink at the county commissioner, and I thought
for a moment Sheriff Kowalski might explode, his face shading red like
an overripe tomato. “Are you kidding me, Doug? We can’t sell that place
in good faith, not when this might happen again, and opening up the
mountain would be like ringing a damn dinner bell. I’ve got Andy Todd
watching the mountain, and there are new markers in the woods as far as
the Benson Ranch . . .”

“Oh, good lord, not this again.” Lisa slumped back in her chair,
cradling her forehead in one hand with a groan of annoyance. “Andrew
Todd is hardly a credible source, especially considering where he was
the night of the disappearances.”

“. . . which means our suspect is still at large.” The Sheriff talked
right over her words and instead directed his attention to our mayor,
who looked more uncomfortable by the minute. “Now I say we seize the
property as per eminent domain and seal the mountain off for good. I’ve
got some dynamite down at the station from when we collapsed that old
copper mine, and it will be enough to make sure the access road is
completely demolished.”

“This is insane.” Charles Hubour, head of our local chamber of commerce,
looked down his long nose at our badges from the opposite end of the
table. “You’re going to mothball a six-million-dollar property and an
entire public wilderness recreational area which is fully taxpayer
funded because of a few piles of bones? You guys have guns, what are you
so afraid of?”

Shifting in my chair, I did my best not to let my temper boil alongside
the sheriff’s as the room scrutinized me like a bug on a card. I’d been
promoted to detective after I apprehended the Valentine’s Day shooter by
ramming his car with my own before the ensuing firefight broke out.
Kowalski had overseen the promotion himself, and while he was still as
tough on me as the day I joined, I knew he’d been proud. My own father
left when I was ten, so to me the sheriff was as much a father figure as
I ever had. When he let me take the lead on investigating the
Wickenshire vanishings last winter, I gave it my all, only to fall short
as none of the clues we found led to anything substantial.

I turned that place upside-down. I know I missed something, I just need
more time.

“The markers are a health hazard.” Sheriff Kowalski jerked a thumb over
one shoulder toward the distant mountains, though I could see his
embarrassment at the words, as he and I both knew the real reason why we
never removed them. “And more than that, they’re part of the crime
scene. If we want to catch whoever is doing this, we need them intact,
and there’s no way we can rely on private owners or nosy hikers to keep
them there.”

“Oh please, now you’re just grasping at straws.” With a snort, Lisa
crossed her arms and stuck her chin out with a waspish tone to her
voice. “Honestly, at this point it looks more like covering up evidence
to me. Besides, since when did we authorize you to hold onto
explosives?”

Something inside of me snapped, and before I knew what I was doing, my
mouth was running. “You know what, maybe next time you stop some maniac
from gunning down a room full of kindergartners then you can dictate
what we have in our arms locker.”

“Enough!” With a slam of his open palm on the table, Mayor Hilco brought
the room to silence once more. “The Smoke Point Mountain is part of the
public domain; we cannot keep it closed while the people are paying
taxes for it. As it is tied to our administration, I’ll officially sign
the paperwork to be reopen it by the end of the week.”

Sheriff Kowalski sighed, and I felt my chest deflate. There it was. Our
defeat. Over an hour spent in this stuffy room, and none of them had
listened to a word we said.

Un-freaking-beleivable.

Pausing for a moment to straighten his tie, the mayor continued. “As
zoning laws are technically gray as to where it lies, the Wickenshire
Estate is hereby considered an important local landmark of Jacobs Fork,
therefore under my jurisdiction. We are not going to destroy any county
infrastructure, not in this economic climate.”

The other officials flashed smug, triumphant smiles at us, but Hilco
wasn’t finished.

“Instead,” He angled his head our way, and I could see him and the
sheriff exchange a knowing look. “It will be remanded to police custody
for an additional month, along with the access road leading to it, after
which it will be taken into official holding by the county. If, in that
time, the sheriff’s office finds anything substantial to lead to a
breakthrough in the missing persons cases, the deadline will be extended
by another week. Dismissed.”

Squawks of protest came from the other members of the cabinet, but the
sheriff rose to his feet with a grim, yet satisfied look on his haggard
face, and I followed suit.

“David.” Mayor Hilco raised a hand to stop us as the others filed from
the conference room. “Stay. You too, detective.”

Once the door to the room swung shut behind the last exiting bureaucrat,
the mayor sat back in his chair with a sigh, then threw a furtive glance
toward the door. From his pockets, he fished out a box of cigarettes,
slipping one between his lips. He crossed to the end of the room to push
one of the windows open, and from outside the quiet bustle of passing
cars and chatting pedestrians flowed in.

“Thought you quit?” Without a hint of judgment, Sheriff Kowalski
produced a lighter from his shirt pocket and ran the flame under the
mayor’s unlit cigarette tip.

He snorted, and Mayor Hilco pulled in a long drag before exhaling so
that little plumes of smoke flowed from his nostrils. “As far as my wife
knows, I did. You know, I never had a bad smoke. Bad drinks, bad coffee,
bad dates, but a smoke was always a smoke. Damn shame the stuff is so
bad for you.”

“Yeah, well, so are the burgers at JoAnne’s Diner.” Leaning against the
windowsill beside him, Sheriff Kowalski produced his clay pipe and a
small tin from his other shirt pocket, out of which came a small bag of
loose black tobacco. “I swear, someday they’re gonna write ‘Bacon’ on my
autopsy as cause of death. I’d never make it as a rabbi.”

That brought a tired smile to the mayor’s lined face, and he offered me
a cigarette, which I politely declined. I wasn’t a smoker, though I had
to admit the smell of Sheriff Kowalski’s cherry pipe tobacco made me
want to reconsider. It truly was unfortunate how something so pleasant
also caused cancer. Much like the town, it didn’t kill you at first,
just crept up on you slow, until one day you realized you were stuck on
this path as much as the next person. I wondered in abstract if Cindy or
Erin were decomposing on some hidden trail or crevice somewhere on the
rocky slopes to our north, trapped forever on their own path that we
couldn’t find.

After another few quiet drags, Major Hilco let his shoulders slacken,
and tugged at the knot in his tie with a weary groan. “Please tell me
you boys can find something up there.”

Sheriff Kowalski glanced out the nearby window, his eyes far away in
thought. “We’re doing the best we can, Jon. Anything dead’s gonna be dry
bones by now. Anything living . . .”

Silence reigned once more, but after a moment, the mayor lifted his eyes
to me. “You both have my support, you know that. The park opening was a
necessary concession; I want this solved as much as anyone, but it’s
been over six months since the fire. I can’t keep the others at bay for
much longer. Find something for me to hold over their heads, or we’ll be
forced to move on with the property.”

I straightened up, sensing the wight in how he addressed me first. This
was still my task, my investigation to see through to the end. They were
both relying on me to find new evidence. I couldn’t let the sheriff, or
the mayor down, not when so much was at stake.

The families deserve to know what happened.

“I’ll find something.” I nodded, in a bid to inject more confidence into
the statement than I truly felt.

“Good man.” Whether he believed me or not, the mayor bobbed his head in
a similar gesture of approval and waved us off with a tired sigh. “I’ll
be at a commerce summit in the Moose Lodge for the afternoon. Call my
personal number if you need anything.”

With this signaling the impromptu meeting to be over, I followed the
sheriff as he put out his pipe, the two of us making for the conference
room door.

We slipped through the maze of corridors to the stairwell of the county
courthouse and finally emerged onto the town square. It was a sunny day
for Idaho, golden rays dancing on the courthouse green as we trudged for
the sheriff’s pickup.

“Go ahead, say it.” I shook my head at myself as we rounded to our
respective doors on the weather-beaten truck, its green and tan paint
chipped from thousands of kicked up pebbles on backroads.

Sheriff Kowalski raised an eyebrow that bore faint traces of gray,
settling into the driver’s seat and adjusting his faded gray Stetson
with the grunts of an aging man. “Say what?”

Leaning an elbow on my own door, I noticed how worn the dark navy
sleeves of my coat were. It hadn’t been more than a year since my
promotion, and already it seemed like twenty. “That I should have kept
my mouth shut. Renfield’s been gunning for a police budget cut for
years; I just gave her enough ammo to make that happen.”

To my surprise, a wry grin slid over my boss’s lips, and he chuckled as
we rumbled on down main street, a warm southern breeze flowing into the
cab. “She can’t do nothing she couldn’t do yesterday, Derrick. If
anything, it’s good she got some return fire for once. Ever since she
headed that park commission, Renfield’s had stars in her eyes over
running for mayor once Hilco leaves. One of these days all them spoiled
uptown fools will vote her in and she’ll try to melt our badges for the
silver, but it ain’t right now.”

As the streets of Jacob’s Fork rolled by, I watched the people on the
sidewalks and in the windows of local shops, talking and shopping with
relative peace. A few even waved as we passed by, noting the sheriff’s
emblem on the truck door. One young woman tucked a strand of light
blonde hair behind one ear, and I thought back to the missing person’s
files, those faces I’d poured over for hours.

Two young women, one old man, one middle-aged hiker. No connections
between the hiker and the first three, save for the location and
circumstances. No footprints, no scent trail, no bodies.

“You really think we’ll find anything?” I voiced aloud my gloomy
reservations and tried not to think about how any one of the people
outside my window could be our suspect.

He let out another deep sigh, and the sheriff’s weathered face reflected
my own doubts. “After this long? I don’t know. It’s like I told Hilco;
if there are any bodies out there, they’ll be in pretty bad shape, but
if somehow they are still alive, then we’re looking at some nasty
business as far as trafficking is concerned. After this long, those
girls could be in Yemen for all we know.”

My stomach knotted at that, and I winced at the sudden realization that
I would honestly rather find their corpses than know the victims might
still be suffering an unknown fate. “I’ll give the house another
once-over this afternoon, to see if I can dig something new up. Did the
reservation elders ever come back with any information?”

Steering the pickup around another turn in the sleepy streets of our
town, Sheriff Kowalski frowned. We were on decent terms with the local
Native American reservation many miles across the county from Jacob’s
Fork, helped by the fact that the sheriff himself was a half-blood
relative to their tribe. Still, there were tensions between the two
communities, primarily around drugs and gambling, which drew both
tourists and troublemakers alike. “Nothing useful. They’ve got enough
problems of their own with the casinos, alcohol, petty crime, you name
it. If one of theirs snatched our people, we’ll never know about it, and
wouldn’t have the jurisdiction to go after them even if we did.”

We reached the police station on the opposite end of town and parked in
the small lot where the other patrol vehicles waited. Ours was a small
department, perhaps a few dozen or so deputies on the force in total,
but we did have extra staff for administrative and forensic work that
could help pull some of the weight. With an entire county to manage, and
the upheaval surrounding the Wickenshire case, many of us had pulled
14-hour shifts for multiple nights in a row when the vanishings first
happened. Between increased patrols around Smoke Point Mountain and
search teams looking for evidence to pass on to the forensics lab, some
of our boys had resorted to sleeping in cots set up in the rec room just
to avoid falling asleep at the wheel. As the weeks went by, with nothing
to show for it, this titanic effort had been scaled back, until all that
was left was a hefty dossier on my desk and bad memories.

“Hey, Sloan.” As we passed through the front lobby and into the offices
beyond, Sheriff Kowalski turned to wave at a nearby deputy seated behind
another desk. “Drop what you’re doing; you’re on assignment with Junger
in the field. Grab your files from evidence and get on it.”

Deputy Clyde Sloan looked up from his paperwork, saw the two of us, and
understanding crossed his face in a measured grin. “You got it, boss.”

Turning to throw one last glance at me, the sheriff flicked his eyes
toward the station doorway, which lay in the direction of the northern
mountains. “Try to be back by dark.”

I said nothing, but we both knew what he meant as the man lumbered away
to his office.

Clyde and I had been partners back when we were both cops on the beat,
developing a close friendship and working on several cases together.
Always the team player, Clyde applauded my promotion to detective, but I
felt bad leaving him behind to the regular roadwork. Despite a habit of
running his mouth to the irritation of most polite sensibilities, or his
enduring love for chewing tobacco that he’d been trying to kick for
years, Clyde was a good cop. He’d been with me when I brought down the
Valentine’s Day shooter, and the only reason I got credit for the kill
was because he went left around the wrecked car while I went right, thus
engaging the suspect first. Loyal and headstrong, he deserved a
promotion of his own, but the sheriff couldn’t just hand out pay-raises
like candy, not when the local bureaucrats wanted to trim the budget
every other year. Still, that never stopped him from working like a dog
to earn his keep, and in less than fifteen minutes we were rolling along
the lonely backroads of northern Idaho, the mountains looming closer as
the warm summer breeze flowed through the open windows of my car.

“Still hard to believe it’s August already.” From the passenger seat,
Clyde shuffled through the files within the overstuffed binder, paging
through weeks of evidence to unearth a property map of the Wickenshire
Estate. “At least we won’t be knee-deep in snow this time. Where are we
fixin’ to start?”

I leaned over to tap on a section of the map north of the house, a spot
marked with multiple little X’s inside of circles. “Boulder fields.
That’s where the hunter went missing, and where they found Erin’s phone.
We’ll try there while we have light, then the house when it gets late.
Power should still be on; I don’t think the county ever bothered to shut
anything off up there.”

For a few moments, we sat in silence as the car rumbled along, the
mountains drawing closer, green trees flashing by along the roadside.

“Heard they want to sell the place.” Clyde drummed idle fingers on his
knee as he stared out the passenger window, the evidence folder lying in
his lap. “What kind of fool came up with that idea?”

“Renfield.” I turned onto the final route leading to the mountain road,
civilization falling away behind us as the wilderness swallowed us up.
“With some help from Hubour and Finberger. They’re going to open the
whole park back up in a few days.”

He hissed a curse between his teeth, and Clyde rolled his eyes as he
fished in his shirt pocket for a tub of chewing tobacco. “Ain’t never
seen someone so money-hungry. Place has four bodies on it, and she wants
to turn a dime on their graves. If that snooty pencil-pusher ever gets
in as mayor, I’m moving to Florida, I swear to God.”

Despite the grimness of the setting, I couldn’t help but feel a thin
smile crawl over my lips at his complaints, reminiscent of older days on
the force together. “Still set on being a swamp man when you retire?”

“Yessir.” The twinkle returned to his eye, and Clyde nodded with an
amused chuckle at his own vision of paradise. “I’m gonna build a little
house by the water, a good fishing boat for the dock, and mix up a nice
cold drink while I watch the sun go down on the gulf. Just me, the
gators, and my dog. A man could live his whole life anywhere else and
never have it that good.”

We laughed, but the looming shadow over us dampened the jovial mood as
the trees closed in, the harsh stony tip of the mountain towering upward
into the sky. Smoke Point Mountain wasn’t especially grand when compared
to other, more notorious places in the US like Denali or Olympia, but it
was prominent enough for our little valley that everyone’s eye was drawn
to the granite peak every time they looked across the horizon of Jacob’s
Fork. Supposedly local miners had used it as a communications point way
back in the olden days, sending up smoke signals like the Kootenai did
to let their bosses know another train load of iron ore was on its way
down from the nearby range that the mountain sat detached from.
Eventually telegraph lines came in, and made the smoke signals useless,
but the name stuck, and the mountain stood by its lonesome, like an
outcast before the other line of tall stone crags, good for hikers,
hunters, and not much else. It had been made into a public park in the
1970’s during the environmental push, but the Wickenshire House escaped
absorption into government ownership by remaining the one private
homestead left on its cold slopes.

Every bump in the gravel road that wound its way up the mountain side
brought back memories, dark flashes of countless days and night
searching for signs, for hope, for anything to let me know I was close
to the truth. So many hours spent combing the forest, pouring over
topographically maps, even a few helicopter rides to scout for unseen
trails from above. Seemingly endless calls from concerned locals, the
numerous emotion-heavy pleas from the families of the missing, the
accusations from pot-stirring journalists that wanted to find something
juicy for a story that could go viral on social media. They were all
disappointed, angry, confused, even fearful when the days dragged on and
I continued to discover no further clues. They vented their fury at me,
the only one they could point a finger at, despite the sheriff doing his
best to vent the backlash away from our department. How could they know
how many times I walked the grounds of the estate, paced through the
silent halls and corridors, and gazed out the lifeless windows into the
wilderness beyond? How could they know how many nights I went without
sleep, abused gas-station alertness pills, drank gallons of the worst
sort of coffee, beating myself to death over the failure to find
anything? All for a dead end.

All for nothing.

And somehow, it was all my fault.

At last, as we pulled up the narrow driveway, the thick rows of
evergreen trees fell away, and a spindly shadow or rusted cast iron
reared upward into the fading sunshine. The gate was more rusty than
last time I’d laid eyes on it, as if whatever oil or paint on it had
given up the fight long ago. Around it, the long stone walls of the
courtyard stood cracked along the mortar joints, settled with a kind of
age that radiated a weary grief I felt in my bones. It was like seeing
an old friend slowly choke to death on cancerous lungs, a place that I
remembered fondly from better times, when I myself was nothing more than
a boy.

“Still burned out.” Clyde spat tobacco juice into a plastic Coke bottle
and shook his head in amazed dread at the landscape around us. “Not a
single blade of grass, even with all the rain we’ve had. Scorch must’ve
gone deep.”

The fire had happened on the night of the first disappearances, burning
the entire 100-acre plot of the Wickenshire Estate from the property
line inward, right up to the stone wall. There, inexplicably, the flames
had stopped, not so much as tarring the stonework, leaving the enormous
house and its manicured gardens intact. A strange anomaly of fate, it
left a small oasis of greenery in a large field of barren rocks, dead
soil, and crumbled remnants of what had once been plant life. Above this
towered the house itself, an edifice of a bygone era, once a thing of
immaculate beauty, and now . . . now I felt sick at the mere sight of
it.

Unlocking the thick steel padlock we’d left to keep random people from
accessing the property, I drove us through the gate, right up to the
front of the house itself. It was a tall building, two stories high but
it seemed much higher, built from local quarry stones over a hundred
years ago. Victorian in its design, there was not another house like it
in all of Idaho, a strange misfit of architecture among the
timber-framed rustic ranch houses and log cabin-themed ski lodges that
dotted the land. Wooden shutters lined every window, the sills carved
from smooth granite, and the roof bore uniform rows of slate that would
likely outlive me. A wide wooden porch covered the front half of the
house, the pillars shaped like those of the Greek Pantheon, and beneath
the eves of its awning stood the double French doors that had devoured
Erin and Cindy whole.

I didn’t have to tell Clyde on what to bring for the trek up the
mountainside. He was as experienced as I was and kept up with me as we
shouldered our packs, making our way through the ornamental gardens
within the courtyard walls to the back gate that led to the burned
expanse beyond. Once we traversed this, we finally passed into the
forested sections of the mountain slope that hadn’t been touched by the
fire.

It was a quiet, morose place. Many people often didn’t understand how
silent the mountains could be, especially if they came from a place
filled with noise like the city. Tourists would ask us if hunters
‘killed all the animals up there’ or if ‘there wasn’t enough oxygen’
which I found amusing, given the evident lack of awareness in their
statement. The truth, as always, was that there were animals in the
mountains, they just had to be pickier than their lowland cousins, more
cautious of how much energy they expended, and often moved down into the
lowlands throughout the seasons. Hunters didn’t kill them all, there
certainly wasn’t an oxygen problem for so insignificant of a peak, and
it was often the case that the noisy, clumsy, inexperienced urbanites
had been right next to a bird or critter that they never saw simply
because that animal didn’t want to be seen.

However, this part of the mountain had changed since the vanishings, and
even as a local, I noticed the heavy, oppressive silence. No birds sang,
not in the distance or around us, and I couldn’t see any movement
flitting through the branches overhead. No signs of recent deer or other
tracks dotted the sparse portions of earth, and even the stones that
clattered under our boots echoed too loudly in the quiet. At one point,
we did spot a single, black crow rustling about in a stand of blackberry
bushes, and Clyde called out to it with a friendly ‘hello there’, only
for the thing bolt off into the treetops as if we’d startled it. Wind
whistled and wailed the higher we climbed, mournful and chilly despite
the season, the daylight slanting lower in the sky as the evening wore
on.

We spent hours looking through the boulder field, a massive plain of
rocks and rubble left behind by ancient glaciers. Clyde scanned the area
with a set of binoculars, I checked every gap between the stones with my
flashlight, and we marked our progress with chalk on the boulders as we
inched over the slope yard by yard. We used a metal detector to look for
old shoe islets, belt buckles, anything that might indicate where a body
could be. I sent up a drone the department had been given during the
first search operation in December to scan the area from the sky,
circling round and round in hopes of spotting something from a different
angle. We combed that placed front and back, until the light got low
enough that I couldn’t put it off anymore.

“Let’s go.” I zipped up my backpack and shined my flashlight toward
Clyde, who stood not far off down the slope, prodding at another
crevice. “We’re out of light, and we still need to search the house.
Sheriff’s going to get antsy if we don’t report in soon anyway.”

Clyde turned to respond, but his face hardened into an alarmed frown as
he starred past me into the trees, and he slid one hand toward his
service pistol. “Junger . . .”

I spun around to spot a strange object hanging amongst the branches of a
nearby spruce, swaying to and fro in the cool evening breeze. Even from
this far away, I knew we hadn’t missed it on our first walk through, the
object dangling right over the path we’d taken into the boulder field,
dull and pale in the gleam of our flashlights. It hadn’t been there five
minutes ago, I was sure of it.

Together Clyde and I stalked forward, closer and closer until we stood
mere feet away from the thing in the tree, stunned into mutual silence.

The thing was held suspended by an odd form of hand-made twine, which
looked to be twisted together from roots, vines, or even thorn bushes,
until each strand was as thick as my pinky finger. Each strand
interconnected with another in a crude net, almost like a spider’s web,
the knots tight and strong. These supported a basket of sorts, made from
what at first glance looked like branches, circular in shape, with white
and yellowed patches showing in the flashlight beam.

Bones.

Dozens of them.

Four broken sections of elk antler were circled together as if an
embrace, stripped of any flesh or meat at the base, dried out from
endless days in the Western sun. More smaller bones were interwoven with
mats of reeds and thorny stems, the gaps pasted shut with a thick, black
sludge decorated with a carpet of ebony petals. I’d seen markers like
this in searches before, had seen them appearing more and more in the
landscape around the house, and knew why the sheriff did his best not to
mention them in his reports. They were all like this, odd, eerie things
that appeared from nowhere, but they were all on the ground and, save
for five pillars built around the house itself, were no bigger than
knee-high. We still didn’t know what they meant, or who left them, but
we knew it had started around the first vanishing. This one was hanging
as if left for us as a gift, and the smell that emanated from it nearly
knocked the air out of me, a pungent mixture of wet dirt, wood rot,
decayed flesh . . . and roses.

Always roses.

Even then, it was what lay in the middle of the macabre basket that drew
me forward, until my hand reached out almost without my beckoning to
scoop the tiny item from its place.

With a cracked glass screen and sun-faded purple case, the cellphone
looked as though it had lain on the mountain for months, but no sooner
was it in my hands and the tormented display lit up.

As soon as my eyes registered the face on the lock screen, I swore under
my breath, Clyde doing the same, and rivers of ice flooded my veins.

Cindy Fadro stared back from the phone, smiling in the stillness of the
background picture, with pretty features, blonde hair, and sky-blue
eyes. We’d never found her phone the night she disappeared, only her
friend Erin’s. After so long without a charge, exposed to the elements
including Idaho’s vicious winter snows, it shouldn’t have been working.
The only way this device could still be functional was if someone had
kept it.

Or taken it.

Bzzzz.

The phone vibrated in my hand once, and an icon slid up before my eyes.

New message available.

Heart pounding, I dared to tap the screen, and found no entry code
blocking me, the device opening up for us to access Cindy’s message
files without complaint. They were old, most of them several months old,
missed calls and texts from dozens of people who wanted her to be alive,
to be okay, to come home.

According to the phone, she’d never viewed any of them.

One new message glowed at the top of the roster, and as I clicked on it,
I tasted metal on the back of my tongue, my ears ringing with a shudder
of unease. It was a picture, grainy and blurred by motion as if whoever
had taken it was moving while doing so, but the subject was clear enough
to make out.

It was us, Clyde and myself, walking through the woods on our way to the
boulder field. Our backs were to the camera, leaves from a blackberry
bush half-obscuring the unknown watcher, and under the picture, a single
line of text appeared while my friend and I blinked at one another in
horrified realization.

Hello there.
