I’m a 32 year old guy who is running fucking scared for his life. Ten
months ago I was at the top of my world: well respected, earned money
hand over fist - which I used to buy time with women, alcohol, drugs…
fuck. 

I really don’t know who to turn to. Just to be as open as possible,
since it doesn’t matter anymore, I’m part of La Cosa Nostra, a soldier
for the Bonanno family. Yes, a soldier, a made man at 32. How’d I do it?
Having a father and older brother in the life helps, and also figuring
out some nice crypto scams that made the family some good fucking money.
I also kept up nice appearances: nice house, a car, and a wife with a
baby on the way. 

Then things got fucked up, really fucked up. My wife found out about a
woman I had been seeing on the side. Well, I guess not just seeing, but
living with nearly every weekend. Got her a nice apartment in the city,
and helped fund some of her college education in graphic design… or
whatever bullshit she’s studying. My wife found out, and ten months ago
took her own life while pregnant with our son, who would have been our
firstborn. I found her in her robe… she hung ourself in our bedroom. I
put my hand on her belly, looking for something to say… nothing came
out. Then came the funeral, then a bunch of condolences. I couldn’t even
look at my girlfriend, didn’t want anything to do with her. I blamed her
and called her a whore, a home wrecking and selfish whore, and stoped
paying her rent and tuition. Don’t know what ended up happening to her,
and I didn’t care at the time. But she wasn’t the fuckin’ home wrecker,
and she didn’t have a spouse she cheated on. Guess I did whatever made
me feel better, and that’s my Goddamned problem… Fuck, now I’m just
rambling…

Anyway, that was all ten months ago. The next seven months were a
fuckin’ spiral, and that’s when I met Gia.

Gia was a stunning woman, inside and out. Smart, sophisticated,
beautiful. She was what I needed. The relationship was rocky, crazy, and
just full of fuckin’ passion. But as the relationship got crazier, so
did my drinking and coke use. One night, I don’t know what happened, but
I was under the influence of the shit I was shoving down my nose and
throat, and we stated arguing, and I lost it. I don’t know how I did it,
but I hurt that poor girl so fucking badly that she ended up in a coma,
and three months later I still don’t know how she is… don’t know if she
ever woke up. Issue is, Gia is the boss’s niece. His fucking niece, his
blood. 

I became a pariah immediately, and knew I wasn’t welcome anymore,
especially when my own father and brother shunned me. I tried laying low
and stayed with my younger brother, Al. He isn’t in this life, and I
plan to leave his apartment when I can get some shit in order. Anyway,
tonight I was falling asleep on his couch in his apartment when I heard
a knock at the door. I shot up and got my pistol cocked, and hid behind
the couch. I told Al to stay in bed. The knocks continued and got
louder. Then the fucking door flew off its hinges. A man in a grey,
pinstripe suit was standing there. A blue handkerchief neatly poked out
of his breast pocket. His skin was pale white, his eyes were bright
green, and he had this big, fucked up smile that was ear to ear. His jet
black hair was slicked back super neatly.

I immediately shot at him twice. The bullet holes I left in his chest
cleared up. The man looked down at his chest, still grinning and said:
“Good shot, Robby! That tickled!” He walked into the apartment, and
looked around. I fell back onto the couch, trembling. What the fuck was
this guy wearing? How the fuck did his bullet holes clear up!?

He turned his head towards the bedroom and saw my brother standing
there. He chuckled, and before I could tell my brother to run, this guy
lifted his hand, and it turned into some kinda blade or some shit, and
he jumped at my brother and shoved the blade between his eyes. My
brother made a gurgling like sound and just dropped. The man’s arm
returned to normal as he laughed, wiped the blood off, and said “Cool,
isn’t it.”

“W-what the fuck are you?” I uttered out.

The man said, “A guy looking to settle a score!”

I got up and bolted out of the room. I made the mistake of looking
behind me and saw this thing lunge out of the room and run along the
walls on all fours, almost catching up with me. I ran into a stairwell
and slid down it, almost busting my ass on the way down. As I got into
the lobby, a bunch of people looked at me and started scurrying away. I
heard one man calling the cops. I looked at myself in a mirror near the
doorman’s desk and saw myself in my pajamas, covered in my brother’s
blood and still holding the gun. I started to panic, then heard people
scream. The man was behind me and threw me to the floor. I tried turning
my head back as I struggled to get up, but he had me pinned down with
one leg. His hands began to crack and make splintering noises as they
formed into claws. He began to rip pieces of my flesh out of my back and
he laughed, saying: “I GOT A BIG PAYOUT FOR THIS! I WAS TOLD TO ENJOY
THIS, ROBBY!”

I was in excruciating pain, a shockwave of hurt just traveling through
me every time he dug his claws in and out of my back. Things went black
for a while, and I woke up in the hospital handcuffed to my bed inside a
room by myself, A nurse came in to talk to me. She wore a mask, so I
could only see her eyes. She sat down at the foot of the bed and said,
“Hi, I’m your nurse, Joy!”. She then pulled her mask down and began to
smile a wide-toothed grin. Her eyes went from blue to bright green. She
began to speak, saying: “Enjoy your stay, Robby.” She kept repeating it,
and her voice went from soft and feminine to deep and gravelly. She
pulled out a syringe from her scrubs pocket and injected me with
something that knocked me out. 

I’m back awake now. When I woke up, I had a bunch of of the hospital
staff surrounding me, calling my name to wake up. I told them I didn’t
want nurse Joy, and the doctor said, “There is no nurse Joy here, sir.”

They walked out after the doc said something about imaging, and told me
not to move too much or I’d tear the stitching in my back. I’m gonna try
and get some shut-eye, then when I’m good enough to leave I can send
updates and maybe get to the fucking bottom of this. 
