Okay, so I am still here. Still able to type with my phantom fingers.

The only change is that now my toes are gone too.

I know I am taking the whole disappearing act way too casually, but I
need to think and act coolly right now. I can’t afford to make any hasty
errors.

I noticed in the comments of my last post that a lot of you folks were
insinuating my mother-in-law was behind this. Honestly, I would have
thought so too… except for one minor logistical issue. She’s too dumb to
pull something like this off. By herself, at least.

And by dumb, I don’t mean stupid. I mean she is too simple. See, these
kinds of paranormal processes take time, planning, effort, and immense
patience. She has none of it. If she were doing this, she would have
done something utterly careless by now - like boasting about it to the
other neighborhood ladies, or leaving some kind of occult clue lying
around the kitchen.

Because of her severe arthritis, she can’t even step out of the house.
She still uses an old Nokia button phone because she’s terrified thieves
will steal her data if she touches a smartphone. She’s been that way
ever since my father-in-law passed away. Plus, she is deeply,
aggressively religious. She’s into heavy praying, none of that dark
occult shit.

She wasn’t always this old, weird woman, either. At one point, she was
actually a nice, decent human being. Unbelievable, I know, but true. I
should probably be a bit kinder to her… but right now, I need to sort my
own missing limbs out on priority.

To understand how we got here, I need to backtrack a little and explain
the circumstances of us moving in with her in my in laws mansion in this
Tier 2 city.

I worked corporate for 15 years in a top IT company. My husband and I
have been married for 10. In our relationship, I was always the
decision-maker, making a significantly higher and more consistent income
than him. He had a string of tech startups; some did well, some tanked.
I never got too involved in his business.

Currently, he’s an investor. He works mostly from home and travels when
needed. He always said he loved how independent I was, unlike his
mother. However, sometimes I felt that independence triggered him. I
struggled to balance home and the office, but he never really made an
issue of it.

Until we started trying for a kid.

It took us five grueling years, three IVF cycles, and two miscarriages
to finally hold my little girl in my arms.

My second miscarriage took a massive toll on my mental health. I was at
the office, frantically trying to finish a high-stakes project report,
when I felt it. I started bleeding right through my pants. I ran to the
executive bathroom, expecting the worst, and there it was. The heavy
gush of blood telling me my body had failed me yet again.

Do you know what I did? I called my boss first.

His first question wasn’t about my health. It wasn’t even “are you
okay?” It was about whether I had finished the report.

“And if you are leaving for the doctor,” he added smoothly, “please
leave it on my desk before you go.”

That day, I sat in my car and cried. I wasn’t just crying about the
miscarriage; I was crying for the life I believed I was living. I was no
corporate MBA hotshot. My identity wasn’t me -it was just what I did for
a company that didn’t care if I bled out in their bathroom. It filled me
with disgust, anger, and a profound emptiness.

Fortunately, I had managed to save a decent amount of money to manage my
own expenses for a few years while I figured life out. My husband was
supportive. He didn’t say much, but he met me at the clinic, where I was
still bawling my eyes out.

“I wish I could just disappear,” I uttered into his chest. I had no idea
how sinister that foreshadowing would turn out to be.

My husband just smiled. Looking back, I don’t know if it was a pity
smile, or just a general, play-it-safe response smile.

Maybe someone, or something, heard me that day.

Shortly after, my father-in-law fell gravely ill. Liver cancer. Six
months maximum, the doctors told us. It felt like one brutal battle
after another for our family, and we realized we needed to be there for
each other. My husband suggested we move back to his hometown for a
while. I agreed. I thought I could use the slow, small-town energy for a
few months, care for my in-laws, and reset my life.

My father-in-law was ecstatic to have us move in. Needless to say, my
mother-in-law wasn’t, although she never said anything directly to my
face.

Still, I was glad my husband got to spend those final months with his
father. The two of them would disappear for hours together in the vast
fields behind our house, returning with absolutely no signs of
exhaustion. It was bizarre. It almost felt like my father-in-law was
getting better, right up until the doctor confirmed otherwise.

“I’ve never seen anything like this,” the doctor said, holding up the
latest scans. He spread the reports out in front of us, trying to
explain the medical terminology in layman’s terms. “He looks as if he is
recovering beautifully from the outside. But his insides… um, let’s just
say the cancer has spread exponentially faster than we thought
possible.”

Since that day, my husband and his father spent even more time outside
than in the house. My mother-in-law grew understandably anxious,
constantly muttering to herself under her breath. But I brushed it off,
thinking it was just nice that they were getting to spend his final days
together.

During this time, my husband’s business suddenly took off. For the first
time in our marriage, his earnings eclipsed mine. Some of the stagnant
startups he had invested in were suddenly acquired at super-high,
ridiculous valuations.

Surprisingly, my mother-in-law took incredibly good care of me during
those days. You would think her priority would be her dying husband, but
instead, she combed my hair, gave me some of her vintage sarees to wear,
and treated me almost like her own daughter. I noticed a pattern,
though: she was cold and distant when my husband and father-in-law were
home, but warm and tender when they weren’t.

One afternoon, she brought her heavy wedding ornaments to my room and
pressed them into my hands.

“You are like my daughter; I should have given this to you long back,”
she said, holding back tears. I was more confused than happy. Then she
murmured, “If my little Ashi were here today, she would have been your
age.”

I froze. “Wait… you had a daughter? How come nobody ever told me?”

She swallowed hard and looked away. Apparently, my husband was too young
to remember her, and the subject was too painful for my mother-in-law to
ever bring up. My husband’s sister had only lived for six full moons
according to her. My husband was only three years old when she passed.

I felt a deep wave of sympathy for the woman. I realized she used her
loud, boisterous nature to mask a profound, lifelong pain.

Three months later, my father-in-law passed away.

That very same month, against all medical odds, we found out I was
pregnant again.

Nine months later, I delivered a perfectly healthy, six-pound baby girl.

But my husband had still not recovered from his father’s death.
Throughout the entirety of my pregnancy, he was aloof, distant, and
spoke very little. He used to disappear from the house for extended
periods, slipping back through the doors in absolute silence. He did all
his fatherly and husbandly duties, sure, but he was a ghost. I figured
it was just his way of coping with the grief.

One day, I finally asked him where he kept going.

He told me there was a beautiful lake at the edge of town. Clean air,
quiet. He said it helped him think, and that his dad used to frequent
it. “I’ll take you there someday after you recover from the delivery,”
he promised. “It’s a bit of a hike, though.”

A few months turned into a year. Our daughter grew, and my husband’s
investments continued to bring in staggering, unbelievable returns.

Everyone was thriving. All except my mother-in-law.

She started acting up terribly, snapping and saying the nastiest things
out of nowhere, before suddenly flipping a switch to become tender and
loving again. I wanted to return to our old life in the city now, with
my husband and child, but I couldn’t bring myself to leave this senile
woman all by herself in the humongous mansion my father-in-law had
built.

Besides, she was always good to the baby, never causing her any harm.
She watched her when I couldn’t. And oddly enough, she frequently
scolded my husband whenever he was absent, both physically and mentally.

“Where do you disappear to so much?!” she yelled at him one evening when
he finally walked through the door.

“I am scouting for properties for my new office in the city. Haven’t
found anything yet,” he replied smoothly.

I looked down at his shoes. They were caked in thick, dark mud. He had
been at the lake again.

Yesterday, after my husband vanished into the fields once more, I
decided to ask my mother-in-law about it. “Do you know of some lake to
the west of the town? Apparently, his dad used to take him there, and he
loves it.”

She paused in the middle of folding my daughter’s clothes. She looked up
at me, her face draining of all color.

“Did he say he will take you there?” her voice whispered. Her eyes
widened into saucers.

“Yes,” I replied, a sudden knot forming in my stomach. “He said in a
couple of weeks, once my postpartum stitches heal completely.”

“Oh no… no, no, no…” The clothes slipped from her trembling hands. “You
must never go there. It lives there… oh no, it is happening again… This
is why I was trying to make you go back! I never wanted you to stay
here! Take my grandchild and leave. Leave fast!”

Tears were streaming down her wrinkled face now, her voice cracking into
a panicked sob.

“Your husband… my son… he is too far gone now. I should have known. It
is my fault… I should have known.”

She grabbed my arms, her grip surprisingly tight, staring into my eyes
with pure terror.

“It took Ashi thirty years ago. And now, it’s hungry again.”

I’m looking down at my feet right now. Where my toes used to be, there
is just… blank space. Smooth, unbroken skin. No blood, no pain. Just
nothing.

My husband just walked into the house. I can hear him scraping the mud
off his boots in the foyer. He just called out my name, asking if I’m
ready for a walk.

What do I do?
