My job’s an interesting one.

Putting “loan shark” on any résumé likely won’t end in success. Adding
“hell’s best” at the beginning will probably succeed in a one way trip
to the nearest psychiatric ward. So, yeah, it’s odd. Sure, the hours are
horrible, but those benefits do be hitting.

As I write, I’m realizing it’s a little difficult to actually describe
my job in simple terms. Most of what I think up starts with the words
“it depends”. Like “loan shark” gives you the idea I’m collecting
payment, but what kinda payment? 

Well, it depends. Some days it’s the hair of someone you love, other
days it’s 3 pints of a virgin’s blood (virgin blood is the most common).

Okay, payment is difficult to describe, how about the loaning process?

Well, it depends. Most of the time it’s kids messing around with rituals
they find online and making due with the items they have instead of the
ones the ritual asks for. Other times, it’s some poor schmuck finding a
leather bound tome in a dusty book store and reading passages aloud with
no substantial blood payment.

So that’s no good. What about my process? Do I go around breaking legs?

No. Collecting these debts isn’t as easy as clearing a check. At the
start of any collection there are going to be at least ten hoops to jump
through, and that’s much more difficult with a broken leg. You try
collecting mugwort with a backwards foot. So, unlike most loan sharks,
my job is less beating and more helping folk complete errands. Yet, like
many things, it depends.

It might be best if I just tell you how today went. That should paint
some kind of picture.

I was in New Mexico. Really horrible place, by the way. Almost
immediately after The Hat dropped me off I was choking on the dry air
and feeling the dead weight of the desert sun on my neck. What made the
heat worse was how developed it was. It’s very rare that debtors are
outside of large cities, so most of my life is spent under the roar of
traffic and the buzz of street lights. Always hated it. The stench of
tar made breathing difficult as the already scorching sun baked me atop
the black asphalt.

A few horns sounded off as they passed me, I gave the busy road a nod of
apology before walking to the sidewalk and opening my Black Book. A few
more horns and the screaming of angry drivers, “get out of the goddamn
road, kid!”

I studied the page, trying to memorize what little information I had at
my disposal. Three debtors, all women, between the ages of 18 and 25. I
had their pictures but no address. Client said the ritual was done at
some bonfire party so that wouldn’t help me.

Another truck tore past me as I walked the shoulder. A bumper sticker on
the back was one I’d seen a few times coming in, logo for a college. If
I had to guess, this was probably a college town. That made sense with
their age range. If I was going to find them, sororities wouldn’t be a
bad place to start.

What came next is what usually makes up about 90% of my workload.
Walking to the nearest public library for a free Google search, asking
the locals, playing the lost little brother routine when I have to. It’s
not glamorous, but what job is? This one at least didn’t take long.
After searching up the local sororities I found some linked instagram
accounts that led me right to my debtors. Pretty easy find. However,
what wasn’t going to be easy was the 15 mile walk in the New Mexico sun.

Decided to take a bus pretty quickly, three steps outside as a matter of
fact. I was never built for this weather, especially with the long faded
green denim coat I refused to remove. The bus driver gave me some shit
about not looking like a student but a couple of bucks shut him up. I
sat at the back, forehead against the glass as this island of life in
the middle of a desert passed me by. Soon enough, the sun set and the
scorching eye in the sky was traded with pinpricks of yellow on black
paper. The bus’ door opened like they had many times before, but this
time I stood and made my way outside.

Building was big. Three stories, lots of rooms. Easy collateral if I
wasn’t careful. I felt the splintering wood of the wardrobe at the back
of my mind, easing the door open a hair. The rotten wood scratched
against my brain matter as breath fell against the back of my neck, “how
many are inside, Uri?”

No answer came, but I had an image cross my mind. That of the Beetles
crossing the street. I closed the wardrobe.

The night had fully bloomed a silver glow by now, so a knock at the door
would likely raise eyebrows. I pressed my thumbs into my eyes in hopes
it irritated them enough to look red or even cry. My age was still low
enough to grant me entrance on common courtesy alone, however, at 13 I
noticed more hesitation and by 16 I’m sure I’ll be breaking and entering
a lot more. 14 would have to be my twilight years for the lost little
brother routine.

I knocked on the door and listened. After a second I didn’t hear
anything which was suspicious because I had definitely heard a TV on
before I knocked. If they were trying to make it seem like no one was
home, they were failing miserably. The blinds in the window to my right
shifted, decided against looking. I’ve learned it’s best to let them
feel you out a bit while you stand around, thumb up your ass. People are
a lot more confident and open to conversation when they feel a step
ahead. Seems that was the case here too, the door opened revealing Riley
Hues, one of my three debtors. She was dressed in pajamas, looking me up
and down. Didn’t even bother leaving the chain latched. Had to repress
the instinct to strike, I’d need all 3 here to pay and going mask off
now could cause problems. She spoke to me as if I wasn’t a shark sizing
her up, “can I help you?”

“I… I…,” I sniffled and wiped my nose, attempting to look at the ground
to hide the vacant tears, “I was on the bus with my mom and I thought we
were at our stop… I-I got off without her and I don’t know where I am…
can you help me.”

From her expressions she seemed to buy my story, however, she still kept
her body blocking the doorway. Riley’s eyes scanned the street behind
me. I cracked open the wardrobe at the back of my mind in case she tried
to shut the door. Her eyes eventually fell back on me and she nodded,
“you can use my phone, come in.”

She stepped away from the door and I slipped in with a little more
enthusiasm than was likely normal. If she noticed, she didn’t say
anything. Just crossed the room for her phone that sat on the arm rest
of a large couch. My wardrobe was still open, I thought at the phone,
feeling its mechanical insides rake across my fingernails sharp and
sour. I pressed against them till I felt a snap.

“Here’s my phone,” Riley said, turning back to me, “you can shut the-”
she stopped talking and froze for a moment when she noticed I had
already shut and locked the door behind me. This time, I did sense a
level of caution in her demeanor. Things were moving too fast, I needed
to slow down.

“Is that your phone,” I asked, “can I use it.”

That seemed to knock her out of her thoughts, her eyes returned to her
phone which she tried over and over again to power on, “damn it,” she
immediately apologized after cursing in front of me and shook her head,
“my phone must be dead, I swear it was just charged.”

“Is there anyone else here with a phone,” I asked, hoping this was
leading to the part where my other two debtors walked down the stairs
ready to pay before the cut off time. I checked my watch. It was getting
late, if one of the girls wasn’t here it’d be hell finding her in the
next 3 hours. Even worse with the extra people in the house.

Riley nodded and poked her head at the bottom of the stairs.

“Michelle!”

Bingo. Debtor number 2.

An annoyed voice called back to Riley, “what is it?”

“Is your phone charged?”

I took a step forward, Riley immediately lifted her hand, “you can stay
there, she’ll bring it to us.”

My foot retreated and I gave a small nod. My presence was still
unwelcome and I was still in the dark on my third debtor. If this
interaction continued as it currently was, I’d receive a phone and call
my nonexistent mother to pick me up on the sidewalk. There was no
opening to check the other two residents. Maybe I could squeeze in
another lie.

“Yes,” Michelle called back, “lose your charger again?”

“No… Well, yes but that’s not the point. There’s a kid who’s lost, he
needs to call his mom.”

The answer came in hurried footsteps that met Riley at the bottom of the
stairs, she was in much different attire than Riley. Michelle’s red
dress that revealed a good amount of her figure and half finished makeup
told me she had a date or a party soon. Good thing I made it when I did
or I’d be crashing a frat with a lot more witnesses. Michelle scoffed,
“when you said a kid, I thought you meant like a toddler, how old are
you?”

“10,” bit of a stretch considering my actual age and how I carried
myself, but they had no reason to suspect I was a danger and it could
buy me more sympathy which would buy me more leeway.

Michelle nodded, her eyes looking me up and done before pulling out her
phone, “okay, what’s your mom’s number?”

Fuck.

“Oh, umm, I can call her,” I said, outstretching my hand.

Michelle’s eyes darted up from her phone, “your mom’s number.”

“Hey,” I said with a chuckle, “you know I think I lied earlier. I do
recognize this place! My sister goes to this sorority. Sandra. Is she
here? She could probably help me out.”

Riley raised an eyebrow, “Sandra? Sandra O’Brian is your sister?”

Sandra was the only one the client hadn’t offered a picture of, she was
just a witness to the ritual after all. By the sound of it, her Irish
last name was a little too Caucasian for my Hispanic demeanor. I
shrugged, “I’m uhh… adopted?”

The lock turned and in walked a girl carrying a mane of curly red hair.
Her eyes immediately locked onto me and I onto her name tag. Seems
Sandra just got off of work.

“Alright, that’s enough of that,” I widened the gap to the wardrobe and
the front door slammed itself shut behind me, both deadbolts spinning in
unison as I sighed, “let’s get down to brass.”

Everyone jumped at the sudden bang of the door, Riley even screamed. The
uneasiness of the situation finally reached a climax for her. Michelle
decided to try and book it back up the stairs. I eased the wardrobe door
shut a bit before I felt her slender neck between my ribs and tossed her
back down the stairs. It looked violent, but she landed soft enough on
the couch. At this point Riley was frozen in fear but Sanda was taking
action, pulling back a swing with a bite of key ring. She swung with all
her might only to end up sitting right next to Michelle, “really? Swing
on your own brother would you?”

Her breath was fast and panicked but this comment still caused her brow
to furrow, seemed my joke went over her head, “it was a whole thing
earlier. You missed it.”

Finally, Riley made a break for it, her target past the stairs and
toward the kitchen window. Her hips were pinched between my fingers
before being tossed atop her sisters who screamed and writhed,
attempting to flee as a group, “fucking give me a-”

I felt three elbows against their chests, planting them firmly on the
couch and keeping them still. This stopped the screams as well, finally.
I gave a nod, “y’all done? Yeah? Good. I’m not here to hurt y’all. I’m
just trying to collect on an unpaid debt.”

None of the girls spoke, simply let out quick panicked breaths as they
watched me with wide eyes. I took this as acknowledgement and kept
going, opening my Black Book and flipping to the beginning, “let’s see…
hmm… ah, there we go. Three weeks ago, one Riley Hues, one Michelle
Griffon, and one Sandra O’Brian halfheartedly conducted a fortune ritual
burning three prized items in a bonfire for good fortune on midterms.
Well, how’s y’all get on?”

More panicked breathing, I sighed, “uhh, hello, guys your midterms.
How’d y’all do?”

Still just breathing at first, but eventually, Sandra spoke, “I got an
A… a high A.”

Riley nodded the words finally finding her as well, “me too. I didn’t
even study really.”

Michelle was still silent.

I snapped my fingers, “Michelle. How’d you do?”

She cleared her throat, “An A.”

“Exactly,” I stated, “you all collected on this ritual, however, one of
you has failed to hold up their end. One Michelle Griffon chose to
sacrifice the hoodie of her then current boyfriend. However, she had
decided two days ago she was going to end things with him, making the
sacrifice null and void. I’m here to help you guys resolve this.”

Riley shook her head, “how… How do you know this? We were the last ones
at that party?”

I chuckled, “really? That’s what’s seeming a little strange to you. I
just tossed you across the room with my mind, lady. My book here,” I
tossed it on the table so they could clearly see the pages fill
themselves with black lettering on yellow pages, “is writing out this
exact scenario as it happens. You passed that test with flying colors,
probably the craziest thing out of the bunch. Yet, the fact I know about
the bonfire thing is what catches your attention.”

They were back to panicked breathing, I rolled my eyes, “look guys, I
get it. I’m coming at you fast. The truth is, all the times kids like
you giggle about spooky stories under moonlight and try to play along
with whatever creepy game you find there is always a risk. There’s a
risk something hears your terms and collects on your contract. And when
that happens, there’s a chance the check doesn’t clear. That’s why they
outsource to me.”

Michelle nodded, “okay… okay… just take whatever you want. Steal
something important to me from my room. You can have whatever.”

“I’m afraid that’s not how this works,” I shrugged, “the debt’s been
collecting a great deal of interest. Now, my client wanted the lives of
everyone who knew your name, however I wiggled him down to something a
little more manageable.”

I held up 3 fingers, “three drops of virgin’s blood from each of you and
he’s willing to erase all debts.”

The three exchanged a few looks before turning back to me, Sandra spoke
first, “thing is… we’re not really…”

“We’re not virgins,” Michelle finished for her.

“Well, here’s the good news,” I said, retrieving a few items from my
jacket and tossing them to the coffee table, “it doesn’t have to be
your’s.”

Their eyes fell from my face, to the three glass vials on the table,
each accompanied by a glimmering silver knife.

***

Jasmine stirred in her sleep as a weight pressed against the edge of her
bed. The others had started pissing her off with the screaming
downstairs, probably watching some horror movie again. Now they decided
to come into her room, for what? Her charger probably. She felt
someone’s lips brush her ears, “hey Jazz, you up.”

She grumbled for a moment and shifted, “… no.”

Riley gave a nervous chuckle, “okay, awesome… hey you know a few weeks
ago when I was like totally having a breakdown and you said we were
sisters now so I could always come to you for anything.”

“Get out of my roooooooom,” Jasmine wined.

“Well you see, I’d love to, but the thing is I’m about to ask you for a
super huge favor.”

Jasmine suddenly felt several hands wrap around her limbs.

“Hold her down,” I said dragging the silver blade of my knife down the
front of Jasmine’s thumb. The screaming started immediately and the
panic soon after as Jasmine thrashed back and forth, screaming as she
questioned the situation.

“What the fuck,” she screamed, her voice high and fast, “what the fuck,
what the fuck?”

Sandra held her arm fast, pleading for her to stay calm, “Jazz please,
it’ll only be for a second.”

“Keep her still,” I yelled, “You let her move again, I’m liable to take
off the whole fucking finger,” I yelled. I’d have hoped this might
inspire a bit of self preservation within Jasmine, however for some
reason she just started fighting harder. Her thrashing and screaming
became violent enough that eventually annoyance beat out logic in my
mind.

“Michelle,” I commanded, “take the knife.”

Her eyes shot up in shock but she didn’t hesitate or protest, she
released Jasmine’s legs and took the tool from my hand. I stood and took
a step back, cracking my neck as the wardrobe at the back of my mind
scraped open against my grey matter. I opened it wide, wider than I
should have but I needed her as still as possible, “alright guys, on the
count of three, let her go.”

“What!” Riley shrieked, “She’s gonna freak if we-”

“One,” I said, silencing all arguments, “two,” I gently glided a
thousand fingertips over Jasmine’s slender body, “three!”

I pressed down just as they let go, the bed moaned under an unseen
weight as Jasmine began to sink into the mattress. Her breath caught on
her lips, becoming slow and labored. Like trying to catch a breath under
the weight of the ocean. She was completely immobile as my eyes burned
with emerald fire, “Cut her now.”

Jasmine tried to speak. I think the word would have been ‘no’ had it not
died before escaping her teeth. Michelle dug the tip of the blade into
her sister’s flesh until blood flowed through the open wound. I nodded,
“good… now everyone, take a vial and collect at least three drops. You
can get more, but for the love of God, do not collect less.”

Michelle slowly grabbed a vial and raised it to drink up the flowing red
that had started a small stain at the edge of the bed. Michelle must
have cut her too deep. I’d see what I could do to patch her up but-

In less than a second, Michelle was standing. I had barely processed the
movement before her body was twisting and bringing with it the bloody
tip of her knife. My eyes flicked to the blade as it closed the distance
toward my eye. Instinct acted before I could. All those fingers lifted
from Jasmine’s body and stored kinetic energy under unseen thumbs, all
directed at Michelle’s chest. Just as that energy was released, I
realized how wide the wardrobe door sat ajar.

Michelle flew backwards. I don’t think I saw her do that actually. I
just suddenly realized there was a massive hole in the wall behind where
Michelle had just been a second ago. I saw red at the edge and a crooked
leg protruding from its dark depths.

“Shit,” I muttered, staring forward like a moron just like the rest of
the people in the room. Well, all but Jasmine who took this opportunity
to bolt for the door. My eyes darted to her, burning yet again with a
green inferno, yet, as those many fingers pinched closed, Jasmine
vanished through the doorway, leaving the latent energy to crush the
various framed decorations that hung the walls. This time, I didn’t
mutter, “SHIT!”

My mind snapped into action, I pointed at Sandra, “Get her out of the
wall and make sure she’s still breathing! Riley, see if you can manage
three drops out of what’s left on the floor! I’m going after Jasmine.”

They said things I didn’t bother to hear as I left the room and stomped
down stairs. That was close. That was way too fucking close. If Michelle
was any faster with that knife… I shook my head, making sure to ease the
wardrobe shut a bit more so as to not rip Jasmine in half.

I made it to the foot of the stairs, turning right to see Jasmine
halfway down the street. The front door left open behind her. She was
likely in track because she was moving fast. In a few more seconds she’d
turn the corner and be long gone. Maybe she’d even have made it, if she
took the time to shut the door behind her.

My teeth buried into the flesh of her calf, stopping her sprint in its
tracks and sending her face to bite the asphalt. I heard the crack at
the end of the street and then, nothing. Yeah, the crying only started
after I lifted her by the leg and began floating her back toward the
house. All the while she cried, “help… help! Somebody please!”

By the time she made it back in the house I was tired of hearing it. I
used my hand to grip her head and bring her face to mine. Seemed the
fall had done damage. Her lips were busted and gushing like a pair of
lacerated snakes, past the blankets of gushing blood I could see she
left a good amount of teeth back on the pavement, “I wasn’t going to
hurt you,” I spat, “why did you have to-”

She interrupted me, a massive fear as I was yelling and all she could
manage was a small, terrified whimper that stopped me in my tracks,
“…devil…”

My stomach rotted on the word. I took a tiny step back. I don’t want to
say my eyes widened, but I know my glare broke at that moment as the
teeth around her leg fell away and she dropped like a balloon of bloody
meat onto the wooden floor.

“Jesus,” called a voice behind me, I turned to see Riley and Sandra with
Michelle held up between them, “be gentle with her!”

“I…” my stomach turned over again, aching at her words, “I… get her on a
couch. I’ll check on Michelle. Is she breathing?”

Michelle lifted in the air off of their shoulders, floating to a rest
across the room and onto the dining room table. Sandra answered as I
began inspecting her condition, “she is but isn’t responding.”

I nodded, widening the door to the wardrobe a hair, “what’s it look like
Uri?”

Two images crossed my mind. My interview with Nim over a dinner of ribs
and asparagus. I vividly recalled the crack of its bones as Nim went so
far as to suck free the marrow. Then, I flinched as I remembered my
mother bringing a flogging stick to my sister’s thigh. She cried out
like an animal after the snap. A curse escaped my lips as I slammed the
wardrobe shut, “fucking monster, course you’d find something like that.”

“What,” the question came from Riley who was suddenly at my side. I
jumped, if she had been acting on the same instinct as Michelle. She’d
have had me.

“Nothing,” I answered, “she’s got a broken leg and a few cracked ribs.
It won’t kill her but you’ll need to get to a hospital after this.”

She furrowed her brow, “you can’t do something?”

“Like what?”

“I don’t know,” she confessed, “you can make shit float and stuff, you
can’t heal her?”

I shook my head, “nah, guys that made me weren’t much looking to heal
anybody.”

She nodded, “right… so you’ll just leave her like this?”

My head turned back to take in her twisted, broken body, her eyes half
lidded as whoever was driving must have gone to sleep at the wheel. I
shrugged, “not my problem, she attacked me.”

“She was scared,” Riley stated.

“She could have killed me.”

“She was scared. You walk in here and fling us around with your mind,
say we need to cut open our sorority sister and take that as just
payment for a debt we didn’t know we had,” the more she spoke, the more
her temper rose.

I shook my head, “I told you at the beginning I didn’t want to hurt you
people.”

“Then you had us cut open our friend’s hand. We don’t even know what you
are, she thought you were going to kill us” Riley said.

My eyes weren’t meeting hers anymore, they were aimed at the ground, her
words swirling around my head like a cloud of angry flies, eventually I
had enough, digging into my pocket, “look I uhh… I can take a look at
her leg. Use a creak to feel around and reset the break. Besides that
I’ve got… uh like 500 bucks here. Take that to the hospital and dentist
and see what it covers.”

My eyes lifted and caught a strange look in Riley’s eyes. Last I had
seen they were angry and glaring but now it was something else.
Something that made me squirm even more. Pity…

“Jesus… Michelle, she was convinced you were some kind of demon
possessing someone… you’re just a kid.”

My stomach rotted again.

I sat down the money and got to work.

***

Tensions seemed to calm pretty quickly after that. While I was setting
Michelle’s leg, Riley talked to the others. Didn’t get to hear what they
said and didn’t really wish to. At this point, I was exhausted and ready
to have this job over with.

I sat at the bar as they gathered their vials, collecting the gushing
liquid that leaked beneath a white rag quickly changing crimson. Jasmine
was less than pleased still, “why did this have to be me again?”

“Yeah,” Sandra asked, perking up at another chance to ask questions,
“why is this what we’re paying with?”

Since Riley informed them that I wasn’t a demon in a skin suit, they
were much more interested in talking. Sandra especially seemed to have a
fascination with all things supernatural. Most of her questions about me
I’d elected to pass, but for whatever reason, I felt an urge to humor
her, “demons don’t have a real currency per se. There’s no sense of
honor within them that would respect a standard tender, so all trades
have to be with items carrying an inherent value.”

A silence passed for a few seconds, maybe she was surprised I actually
answered, or maybe they finally saw me as a 14 year old boy and were
weirded out by how I talked. Regardless, she was quiet forever, “and why
is that seen as valuable?”

I sighed, thinking the best way to explain, “you girls are in college so
I’m assuming you’ve read Freud. He’s like stupid and outdated but we can
use him as an example here. Demons are creatures that are only composed
of an ID. They are attracted to pleasure and repelled by pain. Beings of
pure instinct. And just like humans can inject themselves with a little
sin to have a good time, demons can consume a bit of innocence to
experience a shadow of humanity. They can feel melancholy, sadness, joy,
nostalgia. It’s like a high for them.”

“I see,” Sandra said, “so how does one get into the business of serving
demons.”

I rolled my eyes, “pass. Y’all got those vials yet.”

I turned to see an outstretched hand shaking them in my face. I snatched
them and opened my Black Book, only to see an observer peering over my
shoulder, Sandra asked, “and how does this work?”

“Are you going to do this the whole time I’m here?”

“Maybe. I mean come on, you come in here say demons are real and move
shit with your mind. I can’t be the first one who’s asked you these
questions.”

I shrugged, “most people are too scared I suppose. You’re definitely the
most insistent.”

Sandra chuckled, “does that earn me an answer?”

“Eh sure,” I placed the vials in the middle of a blank page where a pool
of ink slowly bled into existence and swallowed up the vials like
quicksand, “I’m not what you would call an independent contractor. This
Black Book is standard issue for the company I work for. They’re half
body cam, half wire transfer. Lets us send payment fast and lets the
boss ensure we’re acting accordingly.”

“Do you normally act accordingly,” this question came from Riley who was
sitting at the couch.

“My results are the best,” I stated, “boss says I’m a bleeding heart
though.”

Everyone laughed.

I didn’t get the joke.

“Well,” Sandra asked, “is this the last we’ll see you?”

“For your sake, I hope so,” I answered, turning and hopping to the floor
in front of Jasmine and the now deeply red rag, “sorry about
everything.”

Jasmine shrugged, “I still don’t know why it had to be me that was
bled.”

I heard a small chuckle come from the wardrobe. Don’t know what he found
so funny. Yet, something was bothering me. Uri told me there were 4
people in the house before Sandra arrived. Now that Sandra was here the
full count was Riley, Michelle, Sandra, and Jasmine. Was there a 5th
person here? Maybe they were asleep, but you’d think they’d have woken
up with all the commotion.

As I pondered, Riley answered for me, “we needed specifically virgin
blood.”

There was a pause, “oh.”

I felt my heart drop, “oh?”

Riley caught what I had, Sandra was too interested in the book to notice
anything amiss, “Jazz, what do you mean oh?”

“Well,” she started, “you know how Dave was coming to me to talk after
he and Michelle broke up?”

“You bitch,” it seemed Michelle was finally awake, “you’ve been fucking
my boyfriend.”

“Shit,” I screamed, “is anyone else here?”

Riley shook her head, “no, we’re on break, most people are gone so we’re
down to a skeleton crew.”

“We need to leave,” I said, stomping to the door, “someone else is
here.”

“Who,” seems Sandra had finally sensed the danger.

“A competitor, if she’s not a virgin it means our check just bounced and
now it’s open season for your debt. He was probably here for days hoping
something like this would happen.”

I opened the door and saw it was, very much, too late, “fuck.”

Riley’s voice was shaky behind me, “where’s… where’s the street…?”

“Where’s anything,” Sandra asked.

In front of us was a blank void. No street, no neighbors, no sky, no
stars. Just endless inky black atop a knee deep body of water. The house
the only land for miles upon miles. I growled, “stay here,” and shut the
door behind me.

***

Didn’t take much walking to find him. The only other fissure in the void
besides myself and the house was a small wooden boat, rowed by a small
figure in a black cloak. I nodded, “Levy?”

“Well,” it muttered, reaching into its cloak and producing a small vial
it sipped from. I could see a red gleam in the liquid, “if it isn’t the
Emerald Prince. Didn’t think I’d risen high enough to be placed on your
marks.”

“Didn’t realize I fell far enough,” I countered.

It chuckles, its voice bubbled like mud on a mire, “as sharp tongued as
ever.”

I nodded, “you know Levy, you’re lucky you caught me in a good mood.
Tell you what, you let us go from wherever the hell this is and-”

“This,” it questioned, the hood turning to see the void, “don’t you
recognize it? This is earth. When God first created the world and made
its oceans this was all there was. And I was here… alone…”

“Ah gee, that’s so sad, does this story end with you sending us back or
am I going to have to make you?”

“Your payment was invalid,” it spat, “contract’s up for grabs and the
client wants a lot more now. A woman’s heart.”

“That’s ridiculous,” I said, “let me talk to our client.”

It shook its head, “you know, I’ve always wondered what would have
happened if I was there that night. When Hell froze over and you
inspired the fear that allowed you to make such ridiculous deals, heh, 3
drops of innocent blood?”

“You think about being there that night,” I said, pulling the edge of my
coat to reveal a holster containing a dozen steel spikes, “do you often
have these suicidal thoughts?”

It didn’t speak for a while, and when it did it sounded like it was
smiling, “if we were out there, you’d kill me easy as breathing. But
here you are in the palm of my hand. So here’s what’s going to happen.
I’m going to kill those girls and use their hearts as payment. All of
their hearts. Taking that contract out from under you? That’ll raise me
high.”

“What about me?”

“You,” it laughed, “kill you and have the Hunter’s Lodge breathing down
my neck? Nah, nah, I don’t think so. You’re free to go. Hop in my boat
and I’ll bring you back. Or, you can say. Try and kill me. Lose. Watch
them die. Totally up to you.”

The wardrobe creaked open as I sent a volley of spikes through the cloak
which fell open to reveal nothing but water, puppeted in the shape of a
person. I heard laughing beneath the still water. Or maybe the water was
laughing?

“You can swim around looking for me all you want. I know better than to
get close to you. You’re going to watch them die, all of them die
tonight!”

I stopped listening. I turned and made my way back to prepare for the
fight.
