I get 45 minutes in the library everyday. By the time I log into the
computer and get started, I’m down to about 40 minutes. I know typing
this out is wasting time. But I need you guys to know what I’m up
against.

I have a lot to explain. 

I’m in charge of the yearbook for my middle school. I take the photos,
get quotes, and organize the pages for the end of the year. 

I’m the only one in the club, but it’s still a pretty easy job. My
school is claustrophobically small. Just 6th to 8th, and only about 35
kids in each grade. In the 70s, they wanted to make a high school too,
but one of my teachers, Mrs. Perkins, said that they ran out of money
for new buildings. And besides, no one really wants to teach here. 

Mrs. Perkins gives me a lot of insider info. She’s the advisor for
yearbook, so she checks on me during study hall every now and then. She
likes reporting to the administration that I’m actually doing something.
She once told me that I could be taking pictures of all the different
stains on the carpet around the building and she would still tell the
administration that I was the best and brightest. 

Mrs. Perkins has a really low bar for good students. I think it’s
because I’m the normal one. I said it. I know it’s stupid, and maybe
mean. And I know what mean is. I used to be mean. That’s not what I’m
trying to do here. 

We have two weeks. Then summer. And then high school. I’m worried, not
because I’m afraid of starting over somewhere new, but because all of us
are just going to be out in the world. Going to different schools. And I
don’t think that those schools are ready. I don’t think people are going
to be safe. 

There’s something really wrong with my classmates. I don’t think they’re
going to outgrow it. I actually think they’re growing into it. 

I’ve gathered these stories mostly over the last year but some of them
start all the way back in 5th grade. I have pictures that I keep in a
file on Google Docs that Mrs. Perkins never checks. They’re not enough
yet, but I’m going to keep trying. Other people need to know what’s
happening. Before admin can come in and try to make it disappear. Just
sweep it under the rug, under Teller Middle School’s nasty old carpet. 

Part of the reason the carpet is so stained is because of Mira. 

Look, this first story, Mira’s story, doesn’t make me look good. But
it’s where it all started. I was only 10 when I started noticing that
kids at my school were hiding things. I joined the yearbook in 6th
grade, and started to use it to do a little digging but it became
obvious that some of the kids were smart enough to see what I was
getting at. Mira and I became friends. She saw the same things I did. So
now she plays the spy. And most of the other kids trust her. Because
they can tell she’s hiding something too. 

She told me I could tell you guys if it would help. I going to do the
best I can to remember how it all happened. You have to believe us.

I’m begging you. Mira is begging you. Please make sure this doesn’t get
buried. 

-Milo Barnes

-—-

No one ever ate lunch with Mira. She wasn’t much for talking about
kickball, and she was stingy with her pretzels. She’d bring in ziplocks
stuffed with Rold Gold Twists and would eat them quietly, scraping the
salt off each pretzel. Skinning them with her two front teeth. 

Mira sniffled more than she spoke, and only asked questions when she
absolutely had to. She’d raise her hand and squeak out a hushed request
to go to the bathroom or the nurse’s office. Her voice wasn’t so much
nails on a chalkboard scratchy as a blender slicing ice. 

She didn’t have many friends, or any friends really. The rest of us
would stand around someone’s desk in the morning, usually this kid
Sammy’s because he stashed hoards of Hubba-bubba chewing gum in his
backpack. We would talk about who got to stay up late watching American
Idol, and who got new neon eraser caps for their pencils. 

Mira never really joined in. I remember her being plastic doll stiff.
She always looked down her nose when she spoke as if she was watching
words leave her mouth. 

Until 5th grade, Mira had survived elementary school without letting
anyone know she had a secret. 

Our 5th grade teacher, Mrs. Donovan, decided to do a unit on the oceans
close to winter break. She was really excited about it. She told us that
we would watch documentaries on the ocean every Friday for a month and
we could bring in popcorn and gummy sharks. We would have homework every
weekend to tell our friends and parents what we had learned and how we
could help the ocean. 

Looking back, it was a great project. We all lived in Missouri, so the
chances of us knowing too much and getting bored was slim. Most of us
had never seen the beach. 

The first week of the project went really well. We watched a nature
documentary with a stuffy British voice describing how much effort it
took a whale to get all the way out of the water. Everyone whooped and
cheered as whales migrated, sharks chased fish, and jellyfish floated
peacefully across the all-blue screen. 

Mira sat in front of me and one row of desks to the right, and I
remember that I never saw her smile at the seals or anything. Not even
once.

That weekend, I had a lemonade stand and passed out information cards to
my neighbors about buying the right kinds of fish at the supermarket,
and avoiding companies that hunted sharks. 

The next week of the project was harder. Mrs. Donovan spent a day
talking to us about the dangers that the animals faced because of
predators. 

During recess, everyone was in a mood. We were playing four-square when
this kid named James hit Tyler in the face with an overhead pass.

Overhead passes were always illegal in elementary school. Tyler yelled,
blood coming out of his nose, alternating between cussing at James and
calling for help. 

Tyler was a pretty good four-square player, but he was also a skinny,
sick-looking kind of kid. Blood was coming out of his thin nose in a
rush. 

We were all waiting for Mrs. Donovan to rush over when I noticed that
Mira was pushing her way into the circle.

She turned to another girl, whose nose was wrinkled in snobby disgust,
and asked her, “Is he crying?”

The girl turned, surprise all over her face. 

“No. I think it’s just a bloody nose.”

And Mira looked disappointed. Disappointed that Tyler wasn’t crying.
Then, she turned and left the circle to go back inside. 

The rest of the afternoon was Mrs. Donovan interviewing the guys about
what happened. James promised that he never used an overhand pass, but
Tyler groaned over and over again that his face was the evidence. We all
knew it wasn’t really about blaming anybody. Mrs. Donovan just wanted
them to apologize to each other and for the rest of us to be more
careful. 

After James finally admitted that his turn at least wasn’t an underhand
pass, Mrs. Donovan let the rest of us get to work. We were supposed to
be working on our final reports for the project. Everyone was assigned a
different sea animal. 

I forgot about the bloody nose. I had lots to read about angler fish.
They hide in the deep, the little orb on the top of its head luring its
prey into a false sense of security, so that the fish can open its
horrifying jaws and chomp. 

Pretty soon, the day was over. I was outside for carpool. Kids with late
parents would get moved to the outside after a while to wait on the
curb. Mira was there too. I remember thinking that her backpack was a
little too big.

I shuffled over sideways, trying not to scare her off. Because, I mean,
we weren’t exactly friends. I knew she lived a few neighborhoods over
from me. And my mom said that her family was nice. Her older sister swam
on the same rec team as my older brother. She was fast. 

I was standing next to Mira. Her mousy brown hair was tucked into a
plaid headband that matched the plaid of her uniform jumper. There was a
red star sticker on her hand. 

She was looking straight ahead at the cars, waiting for her mom.

“So, um, what car are you looking for?”

Despite trying to be quiet and friendly, she still looked surprised.

“Oh, my mom’s. It’s red, and pretty long.”

“Gotcha. I’m waiting for my mom too. She drives a black van.”

“Nice.”

We stood there in silence for a while. Then she spoke again.

“What happened with Tyler and James?”

“Oh. James finally said he was sorry. And Tyler’s nose finally stopped
bleeding. So, Mrs. Donovan just let them both get back to work. Overhand
passes are still illegal though.”

I laughed. She didn’t.

“ I saw you leave the circle when it first happened. Are you afraid of
blood?”

Mira went kind of pale. Like someone had come out from around the corner
and scared her. I’d seen parts of the Babadook over the summer at my
cousin’s house, and I remember Mira looking like the mom. Like she was
waiting for something horrible.

But she shook it off, saying something about being sad that Tyler was
hurt.

The first thing I thought was that Mira must have a crush on Tyler. She
had to. That’s the only reason she’d care so much. But I also thought
she was lying about the blood thing.

We waited a little longer. 

Mira was holding a butterfly pencil in her hand, her fingers wrapped
around it pretty tightly. 

I asked if I could show her a trick with it and she agreed.

I tried to make it disappear behind her ear, but it fell out of my
hands.

When I bent down to grab it, I noticed little spots of blood all over
Mira’s shoes. Like rain drops.

When I stood up, her mom’s car was pulling in. And she walked away
without looking over her shoulder.

I stood there, still holding her pencil. 

-——-

When I came into school the next day, Mira’s desk was empty. She was
home sick like a couple of other kids. They’d all gotten some kind of
stomach flu and had been throwing up a lot.

The other kids came back on Tuesday or Wednesday, but Mira didn’t come
to school until Thursday. And when she walked in, she looked really
sick, like she was shriveling up. 

I sat at my desk thinking of a new idea for my weekend project, but I
was also thinking about what I could do to prove that Mira was a
vampire. Because that had to be it. My older brother watched all of the
Twilight movies as a joke, and he and his friends would laugh when the
vampire freaked out at the girl’s smell. The smell of blood is
apparently that strong. So I guess that it wouldn’t be too hard to see
if Mira acted the same way.

(Listen, I’m 13 now and I’m not completely stupid. I’m not proud that my
first idea was that Mira was a vampire. But I’m even less proud of this
next part.) 

I wasn’t a big fan of blood, so I used another kid as a test dummy. When
we were out on the playground on Friday morning before the first bell,
some of us were playing four square while other kids talked and drew on
the ground with chalk. Mira was busy drawing a bit away from everyone
else, close to the far left corner of the court.

When the ball got passed to a kid on the other team, I chased him down
and pushed him from behind. Hard. He fell on the black top right by the
outside line where Mira was drawing. He hit the ground with a loud thud
and scraped his knees and hands really badly.

When he stood up, I saw that there was blood running from his knees in
wavy lines down to his socks. He wiped broad paint strokes of it on his
white polo shirt.

I looked at Mira’s face.

She had jumped up, mouth open in shock, and her nose was wrinkled in
disgust. She clutched her piece of chalk and turned to run inside.

As she was hurrying away, she looked at me with cold, scared eyes. 

We watched another ocean movie after lunch. It was about how the oceans
were totally destroyed by people who just wanted to make lots of money.
Oil spills into the water and drowns birds and other animals, the coral
is slowly dying, and sometimes fish and turtles eat plastic or get stuck
in weird things that people let wash into the sea.

They showed us a sea turtle getting a straw pulled out of its nose and
some of the girls started crying. I heard Mira ask to be excused. 

She said she had a nose bleed.

At the time, I was convinced that vampires couldn’t bleed. Why would you
be hungry for blood if you had your own? (Again, I was 11.)

I decided that it was the perfect time to investigate. Mrs. Donovan was
too distracted by all the crying to notice that I had Mira’s butterfly
pencil in my hand. 

When I got to the end of the hall, past all of Mrs. Ramirez’ Hollywood
themed wall decorations and Mr. Rhodes’ cowboy ones, I heard Mira crying
quietly in the bathroom. For a second, I felt kind of bad. Maybe she was
scared of having a nosebleed and she wasn’t actually a vampire at all. 

“Mira?”

There was a little bit of sniffing and coughing and then she responded,
“Who is it?”

“It’s Milo. I have something that might cheer you up.”

“What is it?”

“It’s your pencil from the other day. I forgot to give it back. The
sparkly one.”

There was a pause and I heard the steady whir of the paper towel
dispenser. 

“I was looking for it.”

“You can have it back. It’s not really my style.”

This time, I did hear Mira laugh. It was quiet, but it was definitely
still a laugh.

For a few seconds, I could only hear the faucet running.

Then, I saw Mira walk out of the girls room with a wet paper towel,
scrubbing at her shirt. There were little drops of blood all over it.
Just like her shoes. 

I was certain she was feeding off of some poor kindergartner.

Monster.

I put the pencil on the ground and stomped on it, yelling, “That’s what
you get for being a freak.”

On my first go, the stupid pencil shattered into a bunch of pieces. 

Mira yelped and put her hand over her face. She tried to step back but
tripped and fell. When I looked at her face, I saw blood. It was
streaming down in angry red lines from the corners of her eyes. 

Mira was crying blood, her whole shirt growing more and more red. 

I ran back into the classroom. 

Mrs. Donovan passed me on her way out, summoned by Mira’s wails. She
called out to some of the other teachers about an emergency and
Mr. Rhodes came in and shut our door before any of the other kids could
go outside and look at her.

Eventually, I heard sirens coming from just outside, the glare of the
lights coming through the single window in the coat closet. 

Mira cried blood. 
