So I’ll start by saying that i’m just a normal guy. I’m not a scientist,
or math guy. I am a normal middle aged dude that needed money and
therefore a job.

I spam applied to a bunch of places. Shitty restaurants, bars, hotels
whatever - I have a record. Nothing crazy before anyone asks. But yeah
beggars can’t be choosers or whatever they say. 

Most places ignored me. BUT after a week or so..

I got a response from one. The one i’m at now. As a night security
guard. 

The company is called Grey Ark. Yeah it’s a stupid name but it paid
double all the other shit I applied for. 40 bucks an hour PLUS an
overnight bonus. 

Fast forward - I accepted it, and they sent me text with office address
and a date/time to show up.

For context I live in Southeast kentucky. Right along the stateline,
Grey Ark’s office is in the Appalachian mountains. 

Aka middle of fuckin nowhere. It isn’t that far from me - but we didn’t
even hunt there growing up. It’s straight woods, and dense. You ain’t
finding buck or anything up there. 

So I drove about 40 mins northeast. Of course it’s a sketchy ass dirt
road, with a weirdly modern electronic gate. The gate lifted when I got
there. Automatic. No one was in the booth. 

I kept driving for another couple minutes before I saw the tunnel. It
was cut straight through the mountain ahead of me. Now this is coal
country. So it’s not uncommon that you’d drive through weird tunnels, or
mines. 

But still. It was strange.

I drove through the tunnel - water was running from the walls. It felt
freshly drilled even though it probably wasn’t. 

When I exited it - that was my oh shit moment. 

Tucked in around thick Appalachian forest and huge mountains were 5
MASSIVE glass domes. And one smaller glass dome at the entrance. 

It looked amazing to be honest. It looked like a giant bird structure
you see at a zoo so they can’t get out. 

All the domes were connected by tubes, dome to dome. I couldn’t really
see through the glass, it was bright out - but it looked like some sorta
nature element inside of it. Some of the domes super green others
reddish. 

But huge. Each dome is football field sized in length and width, and
maybe 5 stories tall.  

I parked my truck out front - not a single car outside. I went to check
the address on my phone. No service. But the right place.

I got out and headed to the front door. 

It looks futuristic in a way. Double sealed from the outside. PROJECT
GREY ARK imprinted in metal on the door.

I stepped closer, and the first glass door opened. 

This is where I fucked up. My gut said it. My heart said it. Shit I
practically said it. 

TURN THE FUCK AROUND AND LEAVE. 

Well I didn’t. I stepped through the first glass door - and it slid shut
behind me.

Then once in the space between the two glass doors. Roughly elevator
sized. A white smoky mist came down into it. 

It felt warm to the skin and smelled like chemicals. Disgusting
chemicals. 

I turn around to leave - the doors locked. Thats when I knew I fucked
up. 

I covered my mouth. For sure I was being kidnapped, or something worse.
Some sorta fucked up thing but….

The doors opened. 

And I was in a lobby - empty. The walls covered in maps, and almost
promotional signs. Signs you’d see at a zoo…except this one forgotten.
Everything is SUPER clean, like no one has been here in years. 

So what is this place? 

Well from what I can tell, it’s some sort of biosphere. 

You may have heard of biosphere 2. The giant structure out in Arizona
USA. It was all over the news. (my dad was a bio teacher so knew about
it)

If you’ve never seen a biosphere, picture a bunch of huge glass domes
connected by concrete tunnels.

Like oversized greenhouses, except each one is built to represent a
different part of Earth.

One dome is a rainforest. Another is a desert. Another is frozen over
like tundra. There are plants, insects, animals, soil, water systems.
All of it sealed inside these giant glass domes. 

The idea is that nothing comes in, and nothing gets out. Ya know - for
science, testing stuff and what not.

So from what I’ve gathered - maybe this is biosphere 3 but ran by
different people? Called “Project Grey Ark”. The map says similar stuff.
Theres a tundra room, a rainforest room, a desert, an ocean etc. Theres
a couple unlabeled rooms.

I’m currently at the entrance. To the right of me is the rainforest
room, then it basically loops around in a circle, passing through each
dome. It says “exit” at the end of the circle after the tundra dome. But
I don’t really buy that considering the front door doesn’t open. 

To be clear there are only two doors in this lobby area. One is the exit
(that doesn’t fucking work) the other is the rainforest room.

Through the glass I can see into the rainforest room. There are
definitely animals from what I can see, shapes moving beyond the glass
door. More every hour. Mist clouds it a bit. 

Next to the rainforest entrance is a metal rack full of stuff I guess
you take in with you?

Rubber boots. Gloves. A hooded rain jacket. A backpack. A flashlight.
Some kind of mask or respirator. A machete…

So yeah - That was 3 hours ago. You’re caught up now. 

I was able to get into one of the computers sitting on the reception
desk.

I never said I was dumb. I am not that smart school wise BUT I am great
at cracking into stuff. Well, actually thats part of the reason I got
locked up in the first place - but thats a story for another time.

The computer looks new and has internet(i think) but everything is
weirdly old? Like the websites and news is stuff from 90s? I can’t
actually access any modern web page?

I’m not even sure this is going anywhere? It’s just a message board with
a post button. There are old messages on it but they don’t really make
any sense….

There it is again.

Another shadow behind the rainforest door.

This time it’s not moving away from it. Just standing there. 

Can anyone read this? 
