PART ONE

In the brief moment of silence after she revealed herself to me, the
ever familiar sound of the habitat’s creaking walls echoed amongst the
water.

You’ve never felt that small until you’ve seen something that big. I
couldn’t even see all of it, just the mouth, the head. 

But I knew she was looking at me. The mouth was bigger than my wing
span, this behemoth. A creature so large that its species is a synonym
for enormous.

“Can you see me now?” She said, “I’m sorry I can’t quite see you.”

Something deep within a feeling known only to the apes that came before
us erupted. My heart beat felt like thunder rolling in. I wanted to run
but where to? The bathroom that stunk of half digest hashbrowns, the
living quarters next door? Anywhere I could go would still be here, in
her home. Her territory.

“Why is she talking in that voice?” I thought.

“It seemed warm.  loving. Peaceful.” She said, in Sandra, my dead wife’s
voice. The words echoed through my mind like ripples in a shallow pool. 

“You heard that?” I asked, out loud. 

“Yes and that too!” She said, if she wasn’t physically unable to, I’d
say it seemed like she was smiling. “You can speak however you’d like! I
can hear it, please don’t worry.”

“Are you choosing to speak in that voice?” I asked slowly sitting down.

“Yes! I am. I can chan-” she started before I cut her off.

“Then stop. Choose someone else.” I snapped back.

Silence for a moment.

“How’s this.” She said in the voice of my civil engineering professor.
 
“It’s… fine.” I sighed and took a swig from the bottle.

“That’s good. Would you mind if I swam a little closer? I can’t see you
if I float here. I won’t get too close. I promise.”

“Sure.”

She turned in the water, with the flare of a ribbon twirling in the
wind. For a moment I saw the top her back. Completely smooth, I’m no
whale expert. But I think blue whales are supposed to have blow holes.
She didn’t. 

She slid back into view, now in side profile, her left eye squinting
slightly at me.

“Hello.” She said. “You are adorned with a marking upon your left
breast. Does it have a meaning?” 

“Do you even know what meaning is? What a marking is? How do you know
that this…” I tapped my name badge. “That this isn’t part of me.”

“I know far more than you’d think.” She said carefully.

Silence on both ends.

“It’s my name. Herman.” I relented.

Whale song, beautiful, slow, like underwater violins.

“Herrr mannnnn.” She said enuciating every syllable in time with whale
song. “It sounds nice.”

“What are you?” I blurted out.

More silence until the comms started to buzz! I rushed to the adjacent
room. “Hello? Hello? Can you hear me?”

Nothing, just me and the whale. I’ve already certainly lost part of my
sanity why not entertain the idea until the crew comes to get me. 

I sat back down in the reverse aquarium, the whale was still there. 

“You asked what I am, Herman. I’m a whale.” She said as if it’d ease my
mind.

“Just a whale?” I asked.

“I’m as much a whale as you are Herman.” 

“The fuck does that mean- Why talk now? Why throughout history are
whales making first contact now. Why?” 

“I haven’t always been able to speak… communicate.” 

“What happened?”

Her eye darted away to look at something beside the habitat, within the
water. 

She let out a short grunt of whale song, then a slightly longer one. To
my surprise, it was met with shrill half croak half cackle barely
audible through the habitat wall.

“What’s happening?” I asked.

She kept her gaze fixed on whatever was outside the habitat and
responded with another note of whale song.

“I have a friend here. Another creature of the ocean who’d like to speak
with you. About something very important.”

“What.”

“They can speak with you, but they’ll need my help… it’ll be like using
your radio! Except I’ll be the radio.” She said with excitement in her
voice.

“What are they?” Before I could finish the thought, what looked like a
dolphin swam into view. It was a dolphin, really it was. Bottlenosed, a
flipper tail and grey skin. But it was lumpy? Like a wallet and phone in
a set of tight jeans. Bits of it didn’t fit quite right.

It seemed like it noticed my stare, it stared back. It’s black button
eyes looking beyond me.

“My friend will speak with you now.” She said, her eye looking to the
dolphin.

He started with a few clicks that warped into speech in my head. In
mick’s voice “I apologize for this whale’s lack of haste in her speech.
I assure you that what you must do is of utmost importance.” 

“Why do you look so… different?” I asked.

“I’m the prime of my pack. The longest changed.” He boasted. 

“Sure.”

“I speak to you Herman. As we ask for a moment of servitude from you.”

“What servitude then.” I asked, assuming it was to tell the oil barons
to quit killing the ocean or for us to stop coming down in our loud
heavy machinery but instead.

“There’s an opening to your left, a door that you enter through. Go.
Open it, now.” He demanded.
