I’m 17 and I’m chronically online. It’s not a rumor when people say you
can fall in love on the internet. Ive dated three men on the internet,
I’ve talked to men for pure entertainment and I’m currently dating
someone on the internet. I live in the US but he lives across the damn
world being 12 hours ahead of me. I don’t like to say it’s an online
relationship and have called it a long distance relationship but I’m
coming to terms that it’s just a sad online relationship. I have never
minded online dating, but I’m getting a bit too old to online date and I
don’t want to online date anymore.

For context, I was always the ugly, fat kid. Throughout middle school
not one boy would bat an eye and I felt insecure when my friends with
boobs and small waists got boyfriends whereas I was the chubby, ugly
friend with no romantic experiences. What felt worse is that boys would
ask me out as a joke or make dares to talk to me and flirt with me.

To fix my loneliness I went on the internet and began talking to boys.
I’m guessing I did it so often because I liked the attention and comfort
of being able to hide my fatness and ugliness behind a bright screen. I
didn’t fake my personality and I can confidently say that I’m a loving
person. I like showing my love to people but boys in person didn’t want
to see that because I was ugly on the outside.

Throughout high school, I’ve gotten prettier. I lost baby fat and my
body and face has changed significantly. So naturally boys start turning
their heads but I’ve never had a romantic interaction with a man before
so I ignore it. All until my male friends started showing interest in
me. It’s like they’re all competing against each other to see who can
get with me first.

One thing to know about me is that I love attention, probably because I
didn’t get much from my father (daddy issues) and boys at school. One of
my guy friends recently bought me $70 worth of yarn because he knows I
love crocheting and I’m always running low on yarn. So what did I do? I
made him a Spider-Man crochet plushie since he loves Spider-Man and I
gifted it to him for his birthday along with some of his favorite treats
and oh my god the smile on his face was heart melting.

Although these are all acts of friendships, I don’t know what to do
about the online dating because I still have feelings for my boyfriend
but it’s getting harder everyday since I have an opportunity I’ve never
had before: to have a real relationship. My online boyfriend is a great
guy and he has potential. But we can’t express our love for each other
when we’re 12 hours apart. I don’t want to break his heart and dump him
for a guy who I can see and feel everyday. All this online dating for 5
years has made me so touch deprived that I’m willing to do anything to
be able to cuddle with my lover, go out on dates, have my first kiss and
do all the high school sweetheart things.

This has kept me up at nights and I’m not getting anywhere with my love
life. For the first time in my entire years of living, a boy actually
likes me and is trying to make me his. I think I’m starting to get
feelings for my guy friend but i don’t want to be the asshole and break
up with my boyfriend for something that might backfire on me (my guy
friend has dated my ex-friend. She brutally cheated on him). I know I’m
still very young but I know I will regret not taking the opportunity to
experience high school love. Just something to get off my chest and
advice or feedback is greatly appreciated. 🙏🏼
