I’m currently paying off a 20,000 dollar protection spell I purchased to
keep my daughter and me safe from my abusive ex-husband. 

The spell was enacted by the only neighbor on my street, and the local
wise woman. She was one of the only remaining residents living in a
house three down from mine in our derelict and abandoned neighborhood. 

Urban decay had hit the area badly, but I desperately needed a place to
stay or I would have been homeless with a 6-month-old baby girl. So my
realtor friend set me up in a cheap rundown house to hide from my
monster husband. 

I was hopeful I could lay low and save money for a fresh start while the
court and the cops tried to deal with Tobbie. Meanwhile, my daughter
Marissa and I would gather money for our escape plan together.

Tobbie was still on the run from the cops from the last reign of terror
he had brought down on my family and me. I was staying at my mother’s
with our son after the last beating he had given me. He had shot my
mother’s dog on the front porch when Mama stood up to him. He even set
fire to Mama’s house before the cops came. He has been on the run ever
since.

I couldn’t put my mom through that sort of drama or danger again, so I
went from my unsafe apartment to motels every other day.

I was terrified when 3 months later a letter was dropped through the
mail slot of my triple locked apartment door. The letter had no return
address and was written in his scribbly handwriting. The note read,
“What God has bound to a man in holy matrimony no person shall rebel
against God and separate. An angry God shall smite them down!”

I knew he would come for his daughter and me eventually. I don’t know if
he was still in town or out of state sending messages from afar. He had
become so demanding and unpredictable. All I knew was that he was coming
eventually to take Marissa, and hurt me, maybe even kill me.

 At first, I thought giving birth to Marissa would calm him down in our
marriage.  Because Tobbie always talked about having children and
securing his “legacy”.  And when I told him I was pregnant he showered
me with gender neutral baby gifts. He was even happy when we found out
her sex. He declared her a “daddy’s girl” and told me constantly that
she was “deeply attached” to his voice. He never laid a hand on me for
those precious 9 months, but after Marissa was born, all bets were off.

So that’s why I needed a protection spell. Tobbie had resumed beating me
after my pregnancy and seemed to have stepped it up in harshness. It had
been 6 months of hell and I think if I had stayed one more day he would
have killed me.

My tipping point, the last thing he did to get me to leave him, was I
had been taking care of a fussy Marissa all day. She was teething and
had kept me up since 3am. Now it was coming around to 4 pm.

Tobbie had come in from his landscaping job and was mad that the stew I
had set out for him had gotten cold.

“Oh, I’m sorry babe. I meant to set it to simmer until you got home,” I
said,  as I hurried past him to turn the knobs on the stove. I made the
mistake of leaving my back open to him.  “ I’ve just been so tired
today.“ I stammered, “I could have really used a nap…”

I felt his forearm wrap around my neck and fit under my chin, with his
other elbow putting tremendous pressure at the base of my skull. I could
smell the sweat coming off him from being outside all day, and I could
still hear Marissa crying loudly. But the saddest part was that I knew
exactly what he was doing to me from multiple prior experiences.

I woke up on the floor sometime later. Tobbie was sitting in the living
room with Marissa happily bouncing on his knee. He looked at me and told
me he had ordered pizza, and I should clear off the kitchen table.

I know it’s a hefty price tag for something most people would think is a
scam, and I can’t even afford my own place or a better car right now.
But my neighbor said I can pay off the debt I owe her in monthly
payments.

Money is tight, but if I have to choose between a light bill and paying
the resident witch… I’m paying the witch her money. This decision was
driven by a mixture of being grateful for the help during my time of
need, and also being completely terrified of her.

I never wanted to cross her or offend her in any shape or form again.
You would feel the same way too if you experienced what I experienced
with Tobbie and her. She scares me more than my ex-husband, and he was
still as cruel as they come. 

This will all make sense once you hear my story.

I lied when I said I had an ex-husband. Officially, in the state of
Illinois, I was still married to him. He refused to sign any divorce
papers, thinking of me as his God-given property. I refuse to accept
that man as my husband anymore. We were only legally married because
some damn paper in a dusty courthouse said so!

For 3 years he abused me. I can’t remember what exactly the fight was
about, but I do remember it was for nonsensical reasons that he started
on our honeymoon. He constructed the disagreement between us so he could
“lay down the law early in our marriage.” it was his excuse to put his
hands on me. He made it very clear how terrible my life was going to be
from that point onwards. It was like the person I had fallen in love
with was just a con, and he was reveling in my despair, my defeat, my
submission. 

All this is what caused me to run to this dilapidated and empty
neighborhood. Well, near empty.

Don’t get me wrong, I was super grateful my friend Alyssa used her
realtor connections to pretty much get me a free house, but there was a
catch. She said all the empty houses were built in the 80’s for
low-income families, and left to degrade. Now the communities had been
relocated to newer areas while the old houses were condemned to be
bulldozed by the City…eventually.

So I lived in a ghost town (well neighborhood), that was left to rot.
The area rarely got Sheriff patrols and the people that did come out
here were usually vagrants or thieves.

I was just using this house as a staging area to save up a chunk of cash
so I could put a down payment on a safer home for my daughter and me.

You still may think it was stupid of me to drop 20k on froo-froo magic
when I was hurting so bad financially. But I have to tell you about the
escalation of danger at the house, and I have to tell you about Letty.

I had gotten a part-time job working in the office of a car dealership.
I was hoping it would turn into something full-time. Even though it
wouldn’t last forever, I was glad the house I was staying in was free
(all I had to do was pay the utilities). But the fair weather wouldn’t
last. I knew my husband would darken my life by literally darkening my
doorstep. 

After a short Saturday at work, I picked up my daughter from the daycare
nearby. Once together we took the exit to our lonely home in the
forsaken part of town. I still hadn’t gotten used to the sudden change
from the relative normality of the city to the desolate, run-down,
apocalypse looking neighborhoods. The route to my house looked like
something in The Walking Dead.

The only person I saw was an older black woman standing at the
intersection to turn onto my street. A large muscled Doberman sat next
to her without a leash. Both she and the dog stared intently at me as I
made my turn towards my house.

Her dog projected an aura of aggression and barely contained violence.
It’s unnerving glare tracked my passing but other than the movement of
its head, the canine sat deathly still. 

The animal felt like a racked shotgun with a hair trigger, or an
executioner’s axe raised high above and waiting for a king’s order to
unleash the killing strike. The pup was massively muscled with shiny
black fur. It had cropped ears and a red collar with gold tag that
gleamed in the sun.

The old woman slowly nodded her head at me, like she had answered a
question I had asked her. It was weird, and it put me on edge. It might
have been an omen of things to come.

The house that was gifted to me was on a street with a cul-de-sac.. The
garage door was jammed shut, making me have to park by the side of the
curb.

 I was still paranoid of my surroundings as I stepped out of my car,
looking up and down the empty street for any sign of anything that could
be hiding my husband’s crouching form. Other than the strange woman and
her dog, the street was empty. Once I was sure enough that the coast was
clear, I got the kiddo out of the back car seat and walked (not ran) 
towards my house.

I could see it automatically from the street. Pinned to the front door
was a red envelope. It froze me in my tracks.

When Tobbie and I first started dating, Tobe would always use red
envelopes to send me love letters, and this continued throughout our
marriage. I would get them on anniversaries, birthdays, Valentine’s, and
even more frequently, during the love bombing after he abused me.

My heart skipped a beat and I did another quick scan of the outside
surroundings. I knew in my deepest heart it was from my maniac husband.
My grip involuntarily tightened on my baby and I felt her gasp in
surprise and discomfort.

All in the span of a few moments my mind raced with panicked thoughts. I
wished I had a gun! I wished I had a knife! I wished I lived closer to
society! I wished I had one of those Ring Doorbell things. I wish I had
a badass Navy SEAL/ Hells Angel boyfriend or buff gay bestie I could ask
to stay with me!

I felt mentally exposed, but I knew I had to calm down and get inside.
Other than mentally, I was very much physically exposed as I stood
outside on my front lawn. Maybe the old lady was a lookout and Tobbie
could just drive up from anywhere, and throw me in the car.

I moved quickly to my front door while carrying my daughter. I snatched
the red envelope and quickly ducked into my house. I threw the damn
letter on my couch and backed away from it like it was radioactive. I
had to make sure Marissa and I were safe before I fooled around with
Tobbie’s endless mind games.

I gently placed Marissa down in her playpen that was also in the living
room by the couch. She immediately started crying, because she was
hungry and this is when I fed her.

“Shush, Rissa. I’ll be right back,” I told her in a soothing voice as
her little face reddened and tears bubbled up in her squinted eyes.
“Momma just gonna check the house for a monster.”

I snatched up the fire poker from the neglected fire place. I turned to
face down the long hallway of the house. I knew Tobbie could be waiting
in one of the rooms. Maybe he was planning to sneak up on me because he
thought I would be distracted reading the letter he sent.

“Hey Tob!” I called out down the hallway, “ The 911 lady told me their
sheriffs were already in the area. Two cops are on their way right now.
I’d say you have.” I paused to make a fake calculation in my head, “ I’d
say from the time I called them outside, it puts it at about 7 minutes
before they get here to check on me.”

There was still no answer from the stillness apf my house. I crept
further down the hallway with the poker at the ready. I peeked in my
bathroom on the right side of the hall, before moving in, ready to
swing. I checked the bath by dramatically throwing back the shower
curtain. It was all clear, but Marissa could hear me moving around and
was trying to get me to return by cranking up the volume on her
screaming.

“Just hold on, Honey,” I said out loud. I quietly went to check the room
on the left side of the hallway. It was Marissa’s room with the last
room being my master bedroom at the very back. 

My room checked clear. I threw open my closet doors and checked under
the bed. I felt like I was playing Russian Roulette by counting down the
hiding places my violent husband may be hiding. I was narrowing my odds
down to the final squeeze that blew my head off. My anticipation
heightened to a fever pitch. I was afraid that Tobbie was going to jump
out as I moved back to check the final room.

Alas, there was nothing in the Marissa’s room either. I checked
Marissa’s toy closest and checked to see if the window was still locked.
But I noticed things had definitely been moved around on the changing
table next to the cradle. It appeared someone taken some of the diapers?

That’s when it hit me, the silence. I just noticed that Marissa had
suddenly stopped her loud crying. It was abrupt, and unnatural. Like a
radio playing at full blast then turned off. I froze in place for a
horrible moment and craned my head to listen for any sound coming from
the living room. 

My teeth clenched, my grip on the poker tightened, and a shiver ran down
me as I realized I could still hear her! My baby was muffled like
something was covering her mouth!  And I could hear something else
coming from the living room. The sound was a man giving a sharp,
“Shhhhush!”

Without any thought for my own safety, I flew out of the baby room and
down the hallway. I rounded the corner to the living room, and I was
ready to lay into Tobbie. I prayed that he hadn’t hurt her! 

I  stopped instantly at what I saw.

The person I saw was considerably taller than Tobbie. The tall man had
turned away from me, and obscured me from seeing my daughter. His bald
head turned quickly to give me a cutting glare from over his shoulder.
He turned nonchalantly to reveal he held Marissa in his arms, with one
of his boney hands hand over her mouth.

“Get your hands off my child, asshole!” I said, but I didn’t dare to
move closer to him.

The stranger smiled with crooked teeth. He slowly removed his hand from
her mouth, and the wailing commenced, thricefold. His hand went to a
dirty coat pocket and produced a pacifier.

“I need to have a word with you about a mutual friend of ours,” the
stranger said. The man then gave my daughter the pocket pacifier. She
latched onto it and her crying instantly cut off. 

“Now we can have a chat without the brat’s crying!” the man said with a
ugly grin.

His comment struck me. I couldn’t tell whether I was more enraged or
fearful.

“What does my husband want?” I spit out. I already knew who this man was
referring to and I wasn’t going to play the “cat in mouse” tease game
with the strange man in my living room. I already knew the lengths my ex
would go to get what he wanted.

“This is more of a courtesy call. We just want to set the field,” the
stranger said. “ It will help keep you from getting any unnecessary
ideas. We don’t want too many unfortunate casualties.”

“Your husband has evolved since the last you saw him. He has been
accepted into a brotherhood.” 

The man smiled his ugly smile again like he thought of something clever.
“He became my brother when joined. So this makes you and me almost like
family, I suppose.”

“I’m divorcing him!” I said quickly.

The stranger ignored me and continued his monologue. “Unfortunately your
husband can’t be present with us to help sort out this ‘family issue’.
But don’t worry because I’ve been told he will be making his way here
soon.”

My mind raced as I tried to comprehend what the guy was talking about. I
figured Tobbie was in jail because of all his active warrants he had
before I escaped him. 

I figured he had been arrested and this was some sort of Aryan
Brotherhood thing. 

Although he may have been interested in the gang before going to jail.
That would have made the weird tattoo of the black bird make sense. He
had recently gotten the bird on his neck. I wondered if this bird was a
Nazi dog whistle or something.

“This little visit is to dissuade you from running away or trying to
relocate in the vain attempt to make it harder for us to find you.
Because we will find you, and it will just make it much harder on you if
you do run.”

His smile stayed stamped across his face during his whole talk. “ So
don’t run. Stay put. We have many crows all over watching you.”

Crows. What’s with the crows? Maybe that’s what Tobbie has gotten
tattooed on his neck. I looked closer at the ugly man in front of me and
saw that he too had the same crow tattoo as Tobbie. It was peaking out
from his collar below his left ear.

My blood froze with fear. But I was mad and scared. I was mad that this
fear was back in my life. This jerk stood so cocky in my house, and held
my baby so I decided to fight dirty and hit low.

“You know Tobbie’s grandparents are Jewish, and he is half Dominican.
It’s not a tan if that’s what he’s telling you!” I blurted out, feeling
stupid and a littleguilty as soon as I said it. But if I got Tobbie
kicked out of his skinhead spy club it was worth all the cringe..

A look of puzzlement spread across the ugly stranger’s face as he slowly
turned towards the couch and gently placed Marissa down on the seat
cushions. He turned back to face me and stepped closer in a long single
stride.

“That doesn’t matter, my fresh meat,” he said under his breath as he
moved within arm’s length of me. “We aren’t that sort of brotherhood.”

I thought I was clever and pulled a kitchen knife from behind my back
and brandished it. I was the one I had stashed under my pillow. I’d
picked it up when I was sweeping the house.

“Then what are you exactly?” I asked nervously as I held the shaky
kitchen knife straight out in front of me with both hands in an attempt
to keep him away. My eyes kept looking back and forth past the man’s
large frame to my daughter on the couch behind him. I was mentally
judging if I could rush past him and get to her as he kept creeping
dangerously closer and closer.

He waited till my eyes went to my daughter and in a flash of sudden
motion he flew within my personal space and seized my wrists in his iron
grasp. He squeezed both my skinny wrists together with one large hand
while the other wrenched the knife away from me. I let out a yelp of
pain as my arms were yanked straight upwards and the horrible man pulled
me close enough to breathe down on me. 

He held my arms up so tightly with such raw strength that I had to stand
on my tippy toes. With his other hand, he slid the knife under my chin
and pressed the cold flat of the blade along my neck, making me crane my
head away awkwardly. As if my daughter could sense my need to scream,
she spit out the paci and let out her own scream.

“Your husband has promised me little things for helping him with his
marital affairs while he is gone away,” said the horrible stranger.
“We’ve always been big on sharing.” He leaned in with his awful breath
and turned the knife edge to bite sharply into my neck. There was just
enough pressure to scare me.

“When the night comes, I’ll show you exactly what sort of brotherhood we
are.” He said darkly. And with that, he let go of my arms quickly and I
collapsed to the ground. He pretty much performed an about-face and
walked straight to the front door, swung it wide open and didn’t even
close it behind him as he strolled out the house. He walked away like he
didn’t have a care in the world.

I held back the tears until I was sure the evil man was gone. And I only
allowed myself to cry for a few moments. It was just a quick outburst of
tears filled with fear, rage, and frustration. I was so tired of feeling
this way. I was so tired of feeling hunted and trapped. Then I finally
picked myself up and hurried over to check on my baby.

It took two and a half days for me to open the red envelope that was
left on my doorstep. I was too upset and maybe in a little denial about
the whole situation. I just needed to let my nerves unwind before I
jumped back headfirst into my husband’s sadistic mind games.

But part of me knew his mind game was already working on me. The red
envelope seemed to call from where it lay at the top of my dresser. And
I felt it calling in every room I was in. It bugged me at all hours of
the day. 

The envelope could have important information that I needed to know to
keep my daughter and me safe, or it could be empty. It could just be a
sick joke in his twisted way of controlling me.  Regardless, it was like
my tell-tale heart beating incessantly through the floor.

When I decided to open the envelope, I had to mentally prepare myself
for the emotional assault that was sure to follow whatever was inside,
even if it was nothing. The envelope contained a single white card with
Tobbie’s scratchy handwriting upon it in red pen.

The note read, “Don’t fight. Don’t run. It will only make it worse for
you. Just accept the consequences of your actions.” 

I must have stood there and read the short message 50 times. My eyes
flew over the red ink and I began to mumble the message out loud to
myself. Still, no matter how many times I reread it, or rephrased its
wording, it still only baffled me.

Tobbie truly believed I deserved all this! I knew this in my heart. It
wasn’t just an abuser’s mind game to gaslight the abuse. He was coming
to hurt or kill me, then kidnap my daughter. While doing all this he
believed he was in the right. He believed I deserved it, and God was on
his side!

I scowled and crumpled the note in my hands. A cold feeling slowly fell
over me. It was a feeling I had never felt before. My slight shaking
ceased and my breathing steadied. It was a feeling that both
strengthened and worried me.

My deranged husband believed I would comply with his twisted demands.
And the truth was, the old me would have given in. I would have done
anything to quell his legendary temper. But I’m different now. I’ve
become a mother and I have to protect my child.

I realized the new sensation I was feeling was the urge to protect. This
urge was stronger than the fear Tobbie had been using as a whip to keep
me in place for so long.

I decided right then that I was going to fight his control. I was going
to “make it hard on myself.” I was going to protect my daughter and kill
him if I had to!

“Big talk for a girl that took 3 Taebo classes,” said the pessimist
voice in my head. Or was the voice just a realist. “He will kill you if
you fight him!”

“I have to try! I have to do something!” I argued aloud to my negative
inner monologue. I went to pick up Marissa and hold her close for
comfort, and considered my options.

“What can you do? How much time do you have?” asked the inner voice.
“You’re being watched, so doing anything drastic will cause him to come
quicker! How much time do you really have?”

“I don’t know,” I said quietly. The exciting feeling of determination
began to taper off and the old fear wormed its way back in. 

“We have to break free! We have to try!” I said as I pulled Marissa in
closer.

Part 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/Ceslystories/s/r9RAPU2Bir
