My name is (redacted), and I’m killing myself at an unmarked location so
as not to spread my mold further into another host. I know the horrors
of my disease, and this is my last communication to the world. This post
is only a documentation of my death.

Every time I wake up, I feel the flesh inside me crawl with mold, mold
that spreds its seeds and eggs into my flesh giving its children an
alive food source. The mold is spreading from within me to my vocal
cords. I can no longer scream or talk of my own will. The mold is
keeping me alive, only using my body to puppet its reproduction cycle
like a source of food.

The mold is spreading its broken seeds through my inner organs. Every
time I visit the toilet, strands of bile, mixed with parts of my broken
intestines and the goup of maggots and seed infested mold, come out.

The mold is cutting out parts of my tendons, replacing them with more
mold and living maggots. I was making food the other day when I cut my
finger the finger got cut down to the bone but there was no blood the
wound was only filled with black goup of what i only know is the horrors
of the mold.

I know now that I am only a mere vessel for the mold. The doctors do not
know what is happening to me. They have no answers, but they say my
vitals are fine even though they look like cheese huge holes show up on
there monitors but the holes are not empty the holes are filled with
“unknown supstance” I know I am not fine. The mold is replacing my
insides. Now I am more mold than human.

Last night, I spit up parts of my tongue. My tongue still moved; the
mold had taken it over. My teeth and hair have started falling out to my
eyes becoming goopy as the flesh hangs lower than it should.

I’m writing this now to get this out to the world and tell them of my
sickness, one that no one wants to know exists. I don’t know how it
spreads, but I know it has started taking me from the inside to the
outside. My skin is starting to flake off, and under the skin my blacked
maggots infested  flesh have started being revealed, but still the mold
is keeping me alive.

Now I am going to burn myself, drink gasoline, and pour it all over my
insides and outsides, because I know that even if the smallest part of
my mold survived, it would just find a new host for its reproduction.
Because I know it still needs to survive the maggots are only a part of
the molds cycle it starts as mold the mold birthes maggots who then eat
my flesh before transforming into a horror I don’t want to know or think
about. But I need to go now so I’ll say one last thing, bye internet.
