Ever since getting out of high school, roughly ten years now, I’ve been
doing driving jobs. Don’t think long haul trucker, think courier. My
most common jobs involve picking up medical related packages (vet
samples, medications, prescriptions) and delivering them to vets,
nursing homes, and hospices. The work is fairly consistent but taxing.
Think of everything you hate about traffic and make it your nine to
five. That’s why I take night routes; less traffic and often better pay.

I wouldn’t take these jobs if it weren’t for the pay, which is good. The
problem is that it’s your car, you pay for gas, and you deal with any
maintenance. I have to get oil changes every month on the dot and every
car I’ve had wore the scars of the trade. The scars you tend not to hear
about are the mental ones. Imagine driving for ten hours a day, every
night for 5 days in a row. Every night you end up deep in the pitch
black boonies, at the mercy of nature and crumbling rural
infrastructure. The thing that truly gnaws at me is the nature side of
it.

If you’ve ever driven through rural Michigan, you’ve had encounters with
wildlife. Skunks, racoons, possums, the occasional cat, and most
importantly deer. Every michigander knows to look for eyes in the
ditches when driving at night. A full grown deer may be made of meat,
but it may as well be made of bricks when you hit one. There’s more than
one reason those roads are full of douchebags in big pickup trucks with
enough aftermarket lights to blind God.

However, the more encounters you have with wildlife the more chances you
have to hit something. I hate it every time, but sometimes the critters
move faster than you can react. I mourn every possum I’ve hit. The worst
part of this reality is what gets left behind. I’ve seen corpses that
resemble something out of a horror movie. Most critters get flattened
and leave a corpse that resembles litter more than an ended life. Some
though, they splatter. I don’t think I’ve gone a day in the last year
where I haven’t seen a pile of torn up meat on the road. It looks almost
like hamburger, a reminder that something died right there in a cruel
terminal impact.

The worst however are the deer.

Deer have the widest variety I’ve seen in bodies left behind after an
accident. They can often take a hit. The majority take the impact and
get thrown to the side of the road, intact on the outside until the rot
causes them to pop open. A twisted mass of limbs surrounding a blackened
core. I once saw a dead deer on a sidewalk slowly decompose and flatten
into dust over the corpse of a couple months. The second week was the
worst.

Some of them get hamburger’d, but the size of the creature results in a
large pile of meat on the road with a limb sticking out. Sometimes
though, the deer get dragged. You’ll be driving down an empty highway at
night and see a massive bloodstain running down the road. You see them
often enough that you can try to ignore them, but some stick out. I once
saw a massive bloodstain that trailed for forty feet before swerving
hard to the right. I’m talking about a perfect 90 degree angle, heading
right into the forest. No force on earth could convince me to follow
that trail.

There are a couple that I’ll never forget.

One time (a month ago) I saw a dead deer on the road, fresh. It was
laying on its side, its back pointed in my direction. The head… Its neck
had been snapped backwards so that its chin was resting on its back and
its eyes were staring into mine. Scared the hell out of me. The worst
one I ever saw was nearly ten years ago and it baffled me as much as it
scared me.

I was out in the proper sticks; no street lights, just the highway. It
was sometime around 2 in the morning, black as ink. What I saw next took
place in a split second, but I remember it clearly. I saw something
resembling a crumpled up brown tarp on the side of the road. What I saw
next, I could only reason it out one way. What I believe happened was
that a deer had been hit by a truck and instead of splattering, it
rolled along the highway at high speed. That wasn’t a tarp. Stretched
across the road like a horrible slug was the skinless body of a deer.
I’ll never forget those empty sockets staring at me.

Thankfully, it’s been long enough that the fine detail has blurred in my
memories. Those eyes don’t haunt me like they used to. I thank God that
they gave me a poor memory, but I don’t think I’ll ever forgive them for
giving me those memories in the first place.

I’m so sick of seeing dead things on the side of the road.
