Posting on a throwaway account because there’s a chance I’m being
watched.

I’m a security guard for a local library. I usually take night patrols
and closing rounds due to my insomnia, which has been worse lately.
Nothing weird ever happened on the job, the problem is the apartment
above mine.

On quiet nights I come back around 11:30 pm, if some alarm goes off or
someone is seen around the property after closing time, I only get home
at 2 am, sometimes even later.

A few weeks back we had a problem with a homeless person so I had to
stay late until the cops arrived. When I got to my room it was well past
midnight. That’s when the noises started. It was only some music at
first, a bit odd for the time but I just kept brewing my middle of the
night coffee.

Then a thud happened. The ceiling trembled for a brief moment. Something
fell down on the apartment above, I’ve never been more sure of something
in my life. I instantly turned off my coffee machine. Now that I could
hear things properly, the music had stopped.

For a few minutes I just stood there, paralyzed by the silence. A swarm
of footsteps erupted all at once. They were frantic, too many to count.
Before I could try anything, I heard the door above being unlocked as
people rushed down the stairs. I couldn’t bring myself to open my door
until the sun was fully out.

Nothing else happened for many days. I started to think my imagination
just got carried away. Wouldn’t be the first time my insomnia got the
best of me. Still, something seemed off. I realized that I had never
seen nor heard my upstairs neighbor once in my two years living here. My
attention got focused on catching any signs that someone actually lived
there and I wasn’t going insane.

Nothing. Not a single sound came from upstairs.

After speaking to other neighbors in hopes of getting some closure, I
only grew more confused. No one had ever seen the person in apartment
702. Worst of all, no one heard any of what I heard that night.

So I moved on, and accepted that I was just imagining things due to my
lack of sleep. But I found something that made me make this post, I
don’t know what else to do.

My laptop was getting a full storage warning even though I didn’t use it
for anything other than browsing youtube and watching movies. I spent an
entire afternoon just checking as many folders as I could, but I
couldn’t find anything that would occupy half a terabyte of space.

The next day, I watched some videos about clearing your storage properly
and found out about hidden files. All I had to do was check a view
option, ‘Show hidden files, folders and drives’. I applied the change
and suddenly, it appeared. A single hidden folder on my desktop titled
‘702’.

My heart’s drumming became so loud I could barely hear anything. Slowly,
I lifted my head and looked around to make sure my only company was my
empty room. I clicked on the folder. I’ve never had a heart attack
before but if anything felt like one, this was it.

Dozens of videos. Each one with a different length. Some were five
minutes long, others were twenty. I looked around my room one more time.
Nothing. It’s just me here. I kept repeating that in my head as I opened
the first video.

A completely still, far away shot, pointed towards the 702 apartment
door. I sped the video up to see if anything happens. At the seven
minute mark the door starts moving. A man with a suit and sun glasses
comes out. His hair is short, jet black, just like his suit. His skin is
extremely pale and the clothing seems expensive but it’s hard to tell
finer details with footage this grainy. Zooming in does nothing except
making everything look worse.

The man goes downstairs while the camera is still fixated at the door.
Something below the 702 apartment moves. My door. I go up the stairs so
slowly it looks like I’m about to crawl. As I stand in front of 702, I
look back and stare directly at the camera. The video ends.

I immediately click on the second video.

It’s inside an apartment. Poorly lit, but I could see walls and
furniture through their silhouettes. The camera stops and stares at
certain objects randomly. Landline phone, Table full of tangled cables,
Empty kitchen drawers and an oak door. A hand tries to open it. My hand,
I think. It was locked, the video ends abruptly.

I went through as many videos as I could. Speeding them up, skimming the
preview and sometimes skipping ahead. Most of them are the same still
shot of the 702 door but on different days. Except for the last one.

It’s inside an apartment again, the same one. This time the person
holding the camera walks through the dim spaces without stopping, until
they get to the oak door. They freeze for a second, heavy breathing
seeps through the quiet as the view starts to get lower and lower,
finally reaching floor level.

The camera lingers for a bit. Then, a green filter takes over. Heavy
contrast of different grey hues make the apartment fully visible,
including the gap underneath the door. It moves forward with a steady
rhythm and as it reaches the other side, it gets blinded by bright
lights.

The filter turns off, revealing a multitude of screens. White lines
moving non stop in some, while others appear static. PC cases on the
floor blink colored dots, their whirling taking over the entire room.

A distant chunk of metal jolts. The video ends.

I don’t understand why, but I felt an intense urge to check the 702
apartment in that moment. I closed the laptop, put my shoes on and got
my pepper spray.

I opened my door, my mouth was dry and my throat hoarse. I crept up the
steps trying to keep the stillness around me, It was almost 3 am. As I
stood in front of 702, I looked back, all I could see was the empty hall
leading to the elevator. I faced forward again, staring at the number
directly.

I lowered to the floor slowly, hearing every creak it had to give. I
couldn’t see anything through the gap, so I kept getting closer. When my
forehead was about to touch the door, a stench hit me. It smelled like
copper mixed with rot. My head knocked back. All I could do was try to
stop my gagging.

I moved back to my room as fast as I could without raising a sound. That
was yesterday. I haven’t slept since then.

I’m writing this from my car. In the parking lot of where I work. I’m
afraid to go home but I don’t know what else to do. Moving will take too
long and the pale man is definitely aware that I know too much.

I’m scared of talking about it with the other residents. I’m scared of
going to the police. I feel stares crawling on my back all the time. I
don’t know what to do.

Please, help me.
