“The next stop is… Spring- Stand clear of the closing doors, please.”

I squeezed through the train’s doors, narrowly avoiding my bag getting
caught in their closure. I nodded to the man who had shifted to let me
in, imbuing the small New York sign of acknowledgment with gratitude. It
didn’t matter anyway, it wasn’t like I had to see these people again,
but my people-pleasing side often took the reins in public and I’d never
suffered for it.

I ambled toward an empty seat on the opposite side of the car, taking
notice of the berth it was being given. I paused before sitting down,
instincts raising the hairs on my arms. And there it was. The empty seat
wasn’t being granted a wide berth, the man sitting next to it was. He
sat on a tattered black and white patterned blanket, wearing a dirty
linen shirt and sandals despite the freezing rain that was currently
seeping into the bones of everyone surrounding him. At his feet sat a
bag that featured more holes than contents, which a small peek revealed
to contain a sponge cake, a broken stereo, and a desk lamp. As the train
jostled into movement, so did he. 

“Huh. Huh. Bro, I told you he’s a god. He’s the observer. The atom. The
sun. We’re being poisoned. That’s what I said. We’re dying. We are and
we aren’t. Huh-huh-huh.”  

I cast a cursory glance to the people in front of him, unsurprised at
their engrossment in virtually anything other than the man in front of
them. So he was speaking to an invisible entity. A hallucination, no
doubt, brought on by whatever drug was coursing through his veins. I
shuffled farther away from the man, all hopes of giving my feet a break
extinguished by a desire to survive my commute unscathed. Just another
day trying to get to the office. The faces around me reflected the same
sentiment. 

My eyes scanned the same paragraph of my book for the third time, all
attempts at comprehension dissipated as I caught movement in the corner
of my vision. The man was now doing pull-ups on the bar above him, like
a chimp in a zoo, sandaled feet suspended in the empty space in front of
him. 

“This stop is… Bleeker St. The next- Stand clear of the closing doors,
please.”

The filing of commuters concluded with the th-thump of the doors and I
watched as the newcomers took stock of the cues around them and joined
the growing clumps of people feigning disinterest on either side of the
homeless man. 

“Huh. He is a god, I’m telling you, man.” He grunted as he finished his
fourth pull-up and settled back into his seat. “I’m seventy-eight.
Seventy-eight. Huh-huh. One-fifty-six is what I am. The Earth is dying,
bro. The poison. No, man, I’m telling you now. It’ll be quick. Quick as
a feather. Huh-huh-huh.” The bystanders that had tittered uncomfortably
when he’d leapt out of his seat with surprising grace, now returned to
their swaying stances. No one likes unpredictability, certainly not when
it’s wielded by one so immune to social acceptance. 

I continued observing the man, counting down the stops to work. Despite
the hot coffee in my hand, it was far too early to be faced with such
apprehension-inducing behavior. I rocked from one foot to the other,
trying to release the pressure squishing my toes in their boots. The man
was now leaning forward, forearms braced on his thighs, moving his hand
through the air like a Stern professor explaining physics at a lectern. 

“The one who talks to me talks to you. You just don’t listen, bro. The
cat in the box, it’s dead and it isn’t. The box is the sky and it’s
killing us. We don’t know when. That’s why he’s here. He tells us.
Huh-huh-huh.” He sat back as if exasperated with his partner in
philosophy, one who refused to believe his sound explanations. I turned
my attention back to my book, pity clawing its way up my throat. I
wondered who he’d been before becoming the menace of the 6 train,
riddled with drugs and accompanying ravings. 

“This stop is… Astor Place. The next stop is… 14th St. Stand clear of
the closing doors, please.” 

He made no move to leave his seat. Where was he going? How did he even
get on the train? Probably turnstile-hopped some time ago, content to
let his system metabolize whatever he’d taken as the 6 meandered up and
down the island. The guy was clearly out of his mind. 

As one of the commuters on his bench hurried off the train at Astor
Place, his neighbor shifted over to take his now absent seat, eager to
put distance between himself and the lunatic at the other end. His
neighbor in turn, took his recently vacated seat, leaving three open to
the addled man’s left. A brave young woman who’d just boarded took one
of them, headphones providing a blissful barrier to the uneasy air of
the world around her. Several gazes ricocheted from her to the homeless
man and back, watching the development like one would watch a nature
documentary showing a gazelle crossing the path of a lion. But she paid
them no heed, and he soon returned to his ravings while the rest of the
car released a collective breath. 

Having returned to the new standard of normalcy on the 6 train, I
skimmed through two pages of my book, the man’s conversation fading in
and out of my periphery. My vision caught him hopping into a crouch on
his seat as 14th St came and went and I suspected that some of those
that exited then, had no appointment in the area. I had half a mind to
follow them, if only to feel some peace before walking into the office,
but my stop was the next one and I was already running late. 

“I TOLD YOU!” he suddenly erupted. I kept my gaze firmly entrenched in
my book, a pang of regret alighting in my chest. “I told you, bro. It
will be quick. He will decide. Huh-huh. HE. Spider-man.” He nodded as if
in confirmation to himself. “The one with the eyes. The one with the
wings. Spider-man.” His ravings faded to mutterings, incoherent to
everyone but himself and even that, I wasn’t sure of. 

The train ground to a stop and the doors shuttered open behind me. Thank
god. I tucked my book under my arm and turned to leave the car when I
was met with a wall of darkness. I stopped in my tracks. 

The station was entombed in shadows that receded only slightly from the
train car’s light. I couldn’t see five feet in front of me, but the
ledge that met the train’s confirmed the station was there. The visual
conundrum barely sunk in before the rest did. There was no sound. No
whispering of passing trains, no humdrum of milling commuters, no
shuffling of feet as people entered and exited the train. I turned
around, the hair on my neck lifting and sending a shiver down my spine.
This was wrong. 

The scene that met my eyes sent a convulsion of fear through my limbs,
sending my coffee and book tumbling at my feet. The homeless man stood
in front of me, all symptoms of lunacy disappeared. Around him, the
train car’s inhabitants stood frozen, fixing me with glassy, opaque
stares and jaws that hung too open in expressions of horror. A whimper
escaped my lips as a feeling of mortal peril overwhelmed me. It was like
I was on death’s door, but I wasn’t the one crossing over, he was, to
claim my soul.

As he extended his hand in front of him, he whispered,

“It’s all a box. And we’re all dying.” He placed his hand on my chest
and pushed. 

I stumbled backward, falling onto the platform and into the arms of the
darkness that waited like a welcoming mist. The gazes of the car’s
inhabitants followed my descent, moving their heads instead of their
eyes. 

“S-S-S… Stand clear- stand clear of the cl-cl-closing doors, please.”
The announcer’s voice rang out from the train, piercing the shroud of
silence that threatened to engulf me. The doors slid shut and the train
began to accelerate away. The only car that was lit was the one I’d been
pushed out of, and within, those haunted faces stayed fixed on me as the
bodies that supported them rushed to one side and slapped their hands on
the windows. The homeless man met my gaze steadily and shrugged
nonchalantly, a knowing smile gracing his lips. 

My body shook with tremors as I found myself alone in the darkness. I
fished my phone from my pocket and turned on the flashlight, sending a
family of rats scurrying into the crevices that extended along the
floors and walls. I hurried through the station, barely avoiding the
dank water dripping from the moldy ceilings in my rush to escape this
place. As I made my way up the stairs, I felt rain kiss my skin, and I
fell to my knees in relief. I cast a reluctant glance toward the cursed
place I’d escaped, tears running liberally down my face. 18th St. 

It took some time for the sobs to cease, after which I called a taxi and
went home. That was yesterday. Now, I’m standing in front of 18th St
station, my phone open to an article about the 6 train crashing and
killing 14. And there’s nothing there but a brick wall. 
