I am a 24 year old female taking care of my 82 year old grandmother, I
got sent here by my mum as she didn’t want her mum to be alone. My
grandfather has been dead for two weeks.

I arrived on the 17th of December, my car struggled to crawl its way to
the house. the house is totally isolated, made of thick logs it has 2
floors and an outhouse we’re the boiler and electrics are kept.

The 17th was spent sorting out my luggage and cleaning, my grandmother
has arthritis and is now unable to fully sort the house on her own. She
kept silent whilst I was cleaning, I knew she felt worthless.

Later on I caught her crying drinking herself to sleep talking to
herself. I wanted so badly to comfort her but I knew she wouldn’t want
me to, She wants to be as independent as her age will allow.

It was the 18th when the power first flickered out, I was made aware of
it by my grandmothers cursed that the tv went out and that her soap
operas would be on soon, so I had to layer up and trudge out to the
boiler building.

Upon my entering I noticed a sickly sweet smell and thousands of fly
corpses spread on the floor. The boiler was a towering unit in the
centre of the room with the electric box behind it. I opened the box and
saw the switches were coated in a layer of slime. I luckily had gloves
on so I flicked them back on.

The rest of the night was uneventful other than restless wildlife
keeping me up with their pestering vociferations.

Now it is the 19th and the crux of why I am making this. The power went
off early today and we were submerged into freezing temperatures, I
could hear my grandmothers bones shivering, I of course went back out to
sort the issue. However this time the wood planked floor had a layer of
liquid bubbling and gurgling. I originally thought it was a boiler issue
but now I know it wasn’t.

You see after dinner and the deep night descended on us our lights began
to switch on and off every ten seconds. This time I knew it had to be
something doing it so I brought a knife to ward away the pests. I
entered the outhouse and saw a skeleton covered in a flaking layer of
flesh and gunk. It never turned from the electric box luckily but I was
so spooked that I turned and ran back into the house.

My grandmother wasn’t there when I returned. I don’t know what happened
she wouldn’t have been able to get up without my assistance and I didn’t
see anyone while I was coming back.

The house is totally still and dark. And I don’t know what to do. And I
think I heard the corpse call my name it has my grandparents voices and
I think I’m soon to join it.
