I’m trapped in a story I can’t control, and I’m terrified of how it
ends. I’ve tried to change the script, alter my destiny, but it’s all
been in vain. I’m writing this in chapter III, with the ending drawing
near. I’ve split this into parts because I’ve realised that the only way
to end this, to get rid of this thing that has followed me my whole
life, is to construct a narrative of my own. If you are reading this,
you must make it all the way through, because you aren’t just any
reader; you’re part of this story too.

Chapter I

It began when I was 15. It was a Friday like any other; I was walking
home from school and had just passed the video store when it consumed
me. Doom, dread, fear. My mom had died a month prior, so the anxiety, it
didn’t surprise me. But its familiarity didn’t help, either. I didn’t
know what to do, but I needed to escape, to find some peace. So I turned
back and entered my happy place.

The video store was where I was free. It was a liminal space, a
dreamland of infinite possibilities, where I could enter any world I
wanted. I rushed inside, sweating profusely and struggling to catch my
breath. After a few seconds, the feeling began to fade, and my heart
rate slowed. I was in the one section of the video store that always
scared me, the horror aisle. That’s when I saw it. 

A plain black VHS case with no description, only a title emblazoned in
red: CHAPTER I. I was drawn to it; I HAD to watch it.

The store clerk had never seen this particular “movie”, at least that’s
what they said. But they let me take it anyway, free of charge. I got
home before my dad did. I often wonder: if I had shown him the VHS,
would it have changed anything? 

I put it in the VCR and pressed play. Out of the static, images
flickered. A kitchen, a bathroom, a bedroom. Voyeuristic illustrations
of an ordinary home. On my room’s low-quality tube TV, I saw a young
girl enter the bedroom. It clicked: this wasn’t any house; this was MY
house.

The dread flooded my mind once more; I recognised the clothes I was
wearing. A black dress on a young girl, crying her eyes out. It was the
day of the funeral, a day of suffering. Suddenly, the VHS switched back
to static, which calmed me for a moment. But a few seconds later, the
“movie” continued.

The new scene displayed a mangled car, wrapped around a light pole.
Twisted metal, cracked glass, flashing lights. A crash that had just
happened, as smoke billowed from the ruined body. The camera zoomed in
slowly. A gruesome sight, but still, I edged closer to the TV,
anticipating something, knowing a reveal was near. Within the wrecked
car was a man with grey hair and a mask of blood. It took me 15 years to
discover that this was my dad, at the site of his death.

Chapter II

Drunk driving on Halloween- what a way to go. I was intoxicated myself
when I got to the crash. But seeing your father’s corpse on cold
concrete will force anyone sober, that’s for sure. I arrived on the
scene knowing there was an accident but unsure of the details. As I
passed the ambulance, a wave of anxiety greeted me, like a familiar
friend.

I stood there, in a witch’s outfit, as the policeman peeled back the
silver blanket. Ripped flesh, broken bones, dead eyes. Basking in blue
and red lights, I felt it again. Doom, dread, fear. I remembered the
VHS. The man with grey hair and a mask of blood, hunched over the
steering wheel. All this time, the nightmares of that video, the panic
attacks it created, were a premonition of my dad’s death.

At 30, I wasn’t young, but I didn’t feel like an adult either. I had
become alone, far too early. It took weeks of pain before I searched for
answers. I stayed in bed for days. Dirty sheets, empty takeout boxes,
rows of alcohol. Eventually, I looked for the VHS, but could never find
it.

So I went back to the video store, but it had been long gone. It was now
an electronics shop, but I entered anyway. A cold, clinical place, with
no discernible character. I spoke to the manager and asked about the
VHS. They looked at me like I was mad. Maybe I didn’t explain myself
properly; perhaps my tattered clothes didn’t help. As I began to exit
the shop, with strangers still staring at me, I saw it on the shelf. 

A plain black DVD case with no description, only a title emblazoned in
red: CHAPTER II.

I got home, dusted off the DVD player, and inserted the disc. Just as I
had done 15 years prior, I waited for the “movie” to play. I had to
accept that whatever this was, it was following me. Then, just like
before, the TV flashed alive. 

A crashed car, an ambulance, my dead dad. On my small flat-screen, I saw
me, in the witch’s outfit, walk towards my father’s corpse. There it was
again: the fear, like needles in my brain. 

The DVD went black; a few seconds passed before a new scene burst to
life. A man I didn’t recognise lay in a hospital bed. A tube in his
mouth, machines beeping around him, a nurse checking his vitals. 

Chapter III

The moment I met him, I knew how it would end. He never learned the
truth; such suffering was my own burden to bear. And I never gave him
children, despite his pleading, despite my deepest desires. I was
terrified of what might happen to them.

He didn’t deserve his fate. Even in the end, as he grew weaker, he did
everything he could to give us joy. Coffee in the park, quiet Sundays,
slow walks, our happiness had no bounds… until it did.

Was it a selfish act? To pursue the relationship? Maybe, but to be
honest, I never felt in control of my story. Things always happened to
me, not because of me.

Standing over his body, as a 46-year-old widow, the feeling returned.
Doom, dread, fear. He deserved a better life, as a real person, not a
character in a morbid tale. 

I returned to the bottle, a regrettable relapse. Collapsed on the couch,
days, weeks, months (I don’t remember) after his death, the road to
recovery appeared futile.

One day, nursing a violent hangover, I scrolled through Netflix, trying
to capture the bliss of my childhood, looking for a piece of the video
store’s escape. 

Hidden in a category within a category, the “movie” sat. A plain black
poster with no description, only a title emblazoned in red: CHAPTER III.

Presented neatly on my 4K TV, I clicked without hesitation. Just like
the VHS, just like the DVD. But for the first time, I felt no anxiety.
No doom or dread. Consumed by depression, drowning in melancholy, but
not afraid. I was tired.

An empty tissue box, a doctor feigning sympathy, a body beneath a sheet.
Everything I expected. I skipped past the images. I wasn’t here to
relive the past; I needed to know the future. Again, a black screen, a
few seconds of silence, and eventually, a new scene.

This time it was a single shot, unmoving. My body hung from the ceiling,
a thick rope wrapped tightly around my swollen neck. At some point, in a
version of my future, I would kill myself. I was heading for a dark
finale.

I stared at the still image. A filthy room, empty bottles, an angel of
death. For a moment, I accepted it; this was how it would end. But as
the minutes passed, beneath my suffering, a new life grew, one
unshackled by the wicked spell. 

For the first time since my childhood, I felt a wonder within me, the
hope of a life unlived. To be free, to truly change the ending, I had to
write it myself.

I was truthful when I told you that if you are reading this, you must
make it all the way through, because you aren’t just any reader; you’re
part of this story too. 

To start a new life, I had to pass this on to someone else. This post is
the final chapter of my curse. 

By reading it, you release me from my pain. My horror story is over. 

The sequel, on the other hand, starts with you.
