[Part 1]

I stood in Danny’s hospital room for longer than I should have after
they collapsed back onto the beds.

Dr. Levin kept talking. I don’t remember a word of it.

All I could think about was the way they looked at me when they said it.
Like they pitied me.

My wife’s ringtone brought me back to reality.

“Monica is here.” A pause “I think she needs to hear some news directly
from you.”

“Give me ten.” I hung up.

As I rushed out the hospital, telling Dr. Levin to get someone to clean
up the mud, and hearing him shout something back at me.

The whole drive home I kept trying to think of something useful to tell
Monica.
Her husband was lying naked, hairless, mindless in a hospital bed, and I
had no idea on how to help him.

She introduced me to my wife in college, not long after that Danny and
her started dating. But now I felt like I wasn’t doing enough to bring
her husband back.

I got out of the car, and immediately:

“So? What can you tell me that it’s not already all around town?” She
said with tears running down her cheeks.

“Can I get you something to drink first?”

“Your wife already tried. But I think you drank it all. So just talk.” A
pause “Please.”

“I have no idea what is going on Monica.”

“So you’re as useless as always.”

“Monica that’s not fair, they’re doing everything they can.” My wife
stepped in.

Monica glanced back at my wife, and without saying anything more she
left.

“Thanks for defending me.” I said to my wife.

“I had to, she would’ve jumped at your throat.”

“What was that about my whiskey?”

“Wow, that’s the only thing you can think of right now? I don’t know, I
think you drank it all, it’s gone. The bottle is not in the cabinet.”

“Did Jeremy take it?” I asked while trying to remember where I left it.

“No, he hasn’t been home all day.”

“Is he at Stacy’s again?”

“I know as much as you do Thomas. Now go do your job while you’re still
sober.”

I got back in my car and drove to the station.
During the drive I tried calling both my son and Stacy’s dad, but no one
picked up. Not that they ever did.

When I arrived at the station I found Harris’ truck, parked just by the
entrance. He wanted to make sure we couldn’t miss either the truck or
the stench coming from it.
I glanced into the truck bed.

The dogs were piled together beneath a tarp stained dark with blood.

Their eyes were gone. Completely torn out of their sockets, just as pale
as Danny’s eyes.

I entered the station, trying as hard as I could to hide the shivers
running down my spine.
As soon as I stepped in the main area, Harris, Deputy Barrett and the
new rookie Pike all turned toward me.

“I know you saw them Chief.” Harris said firmly.

“Well they were pretty hard to miss, what happened to them?”

“Mr. Harris says he found them like that.” Deputy Barrett answered,
annoyed.

“I don’t need help to answer questions!” Harris spoke back to the
Deputy.

“Calm down! Both of you! Harris I want to see where you found them. Pike
and Barrett I want you two to go to victim’s houses. Find out what they
were doing up in Mercer at two in the morning.”

“You got it Chief.” Both Barrett and Pike answered in unison.

“Harris is it a problem if you leave the truck here? I want to take a
closer look at the dogs later.”

“Not at all, can I ride shotgun or do I have to act like a prisoner?”

We got into my car, both in the front, and drove to Harry’s house.
There were only two houses where he lived, his and Margaret’s.

We went straight to his garden.
“That’s where I found them.” He pointed to a red stained part of the
grass. The blood was still fresh.

“Did you find or see anything unusual around them?”

“No, only that dead part of the grass.” He said as he pointed to a grey
patch of grass. It was dead and completely dried up.

“Wait this wasn’t here before this morning?”

“No Chief, I take good care of my grass.”

“Did you hear anything early in the morning?”

“Nothing out of the ordinary, just the dogs barking. I didn’t even hear
the explosion up in Mercer.”

“Do you remember around which time did you hear them?”

“It was maybe around 6, I’m not sure though.”

“Okay, got it. Do you know if Margaret’s home? Maybe she saw or heard
something.”

“Yeah we talked before I got to the station, she should be at home.”

I left Harris’ garden and went to knock on Margaret’s door.
“Margaret! You home! It’s the Chief! I have something to ask you!” I
shouted while knocking.

“I may be old, but I’m not deaf Thomas.” she said as she opened the
door. “What do you have to ask me?”

“Did you hear or see anything strange at around 6 this morning?”

“No, sorry. I only heard Buddy bark like crazy. But he does that when
Harris’ dogs start barking.” A pause. “Oh poor puppy, he must have seen
what happened to those poor doggies, he’s been acting strange all day.”

“Strange? How?”

“He hasn’t made a sound since. And I’m pretty sure he tried to use the
bathroom, instead of going in the garden. Oh what a bad person I am,
come in, let me offer you something to drink. I won’t accept a no.”

The smell hit me before I crossed the doorway.
Rot. Underneath it, something metallic.
Same smell as Mercer Ridge.

“Margaret what is this smell? You didn’t go and unbury that poor saint
of the General right?”

Her husband used to work county patrol before the stroke took him.
Ever since then, the station made sure someone checked in on her every
month.

“Oh no Thommy!” she said while laughing. “I don’t know where it comes
from, but it’s been here for a couple of hours.”

“I’ll go check it out while I’m here if you don’t mind.”

“Go ahead, but be quick, the tea is almost ready.”

I went around the house trying to figure out the source, until I noticed
a lot of flies flying around a plank of the wooden floor.
I went outside and climbed under the house.

The light disappeared almost completely, and as I got closer and closer
to the source, while fighting countless spiderwebs, flies and insects
started to storm the place.
They wanted the same thing I wanted.

I got to the source and pulled away the sheet of cloth covering it.

Underneath it was Buddy.

The insects were feasting upon it, but under all that damage I could
still notice his eyes.
They were torn out of his skull. Just like Harris’s dogs.

“MARGARET!” I shouted. “When did you say you last saw Buddy?!”

“Just before you arrived. Why?” she shouted back from the kitchen. Her
voice shivered on that question, like she knew what I was about to say.

“I’m not sure what you saw, but Buddy is under he—” I froze as I started
to hear claws drag on the floor above me.

Then…
Something fell, something small, like a cup, shattering on the ground.

“MARGARET!”

I shouted as I made my way back into the house.
I should’ve understood by then.

Whatever killed Buddy had never left the house.

I was too late.
