I thought I had the perfect boyfriend.

Samuel Delacroix was the kind of guy who would apologise for breathing.
He was also the first (and last) boy I fell for.

I met him in my senior year of high school, and since then it’s just
been us. Initially, it was a seating-plan mistake.

Our last names were similar, so we were put together. Originally, I was
supposed to be at the back with Summer James, but after several classes
sitting next to Sam, and finding comfort in the way he swayed side to
side when he was bored or chewed his pen when he was trying to stay
awake—it was those kinds of quirks that first attracted me to him.
Granted, he wasn’t a conventionally attractive dude.

He was just average, looks-wise. Sam was the type of guy who could blend
into a crowd and be forgotten in an instant. In junior year, the
yearbook committee had actually forgotten to put him in the yearbook.
When I was moved next to him, he apologized in advance for playing loud
music in his headphones and asked if I wanted to share an earphone.

His music taste was unexpected; a lot of indie rock and 90s pop. He
never did any work, and doodled in his workbooks, tapping his feet, and
banging his knee against mine.

I had already privately diagnosed him with ADHD, and after a few
classes, he leaned over and apologized, explaining he actually did
suffer from the disorder after spending half of the class drumming his
pencil on his desk. Not in an annoying way. It was just tap, tap,
tappity, tap. Sam almost looked embarrassed, but I didn’t mind. Compared
to other kids I had sat next to; he was the most interesting.

He had these Bambi-like wide eyes when he was caught listening to music,
and always charmed the teachers with a shrug and a confused smile.
Despite listening to music together, he didn’t talk much in class.

I tried to start a conversation several times but he always had his
earphones corked in. Sam was always in his own world, whether that was
vibing to music or engrossed in literature.

I sometimes saw him on the way home from school. Instead of taking the
bus, he walked the whole way on foot. He didn’t walk straight, always
sort of lop-sided, sometimes dancing forwards and back, playing his own
game of Don’t Step On The Cracks. Samuel Delacroix was an enigma in
himself and intrigued me.

I wanted to get to know him. I wanted to know his thoughts on the huge
book he carried around with him, and his opinions on the artists he
listened to. I found him in the library one afternoon. He was lounging
in a beanbag with his feet up, deeply embedded in the kind of book I
despised.

Sam didn’t try to hide the fact that he read pretentious books, but that
was his charm. He clearly didn’t care what the world thought about his
opinions, and Sam liked deep, philosophical books. Either that, or
hardback monsters which I was convinced people pretended to like. I’ve
read a chapter in War and Peace. You cannot convince me people don’t
just straight-up lie when they say they like it.

During those limited conversations we had which always sizzled out when
Sam corked his earphones back in, he told me he had read War and Peace
twice. I didn’t know what to say, except “Wow” which made him laugh.

And I started to realize, fuck, I was really into him. When several
girls cornered him and asked why he read “weird” books, he shrugged with
a smile and told them he liked them. The girls exchanged amused glances
before nodding and walking away.

Sam watched them go, before going back to his book like nothing ever
happened. He would sit in the exact same position for hours, only moving
to get a coffee refill or a snack.

Sam’s response to those girls played on my mind for a while, and I
realized I had never seen him without a smile. His answers were never an
offended retort, and his eyes showed no annoyance. Sam was this
free-spirited weirdo I desperately wanted to get to know. Or he was a
robot who was struggling with emotions (not the latter, but hey, I had
my suspicions before I got to know him). Anyway, I told myself that I
wouldn’t push it. If Sam showed signs of no interest, I would get the
hint and leave him alone. One day, I walked over to him, plonked myself
down on a beanbag, and asked if he wanted to hang out. When he gave me
an odd look, I plucked his earphone out with a stifled laugh.

“I said,” I couldn’t resist a laugh. He had that look of confusion I
loved, like a puppy who had just gained self-awareness. “Do you want to
hang out?”

“Oh.” He surprised me by nodding. “Sure!”

Sam patted a beanbag next to him for me to sit down, but I wasn’t
planning on sitting in the library all day. I took him outside, where it
was (according to him) too noisy and warm, though I did catch his smile
when the two of us slumped under the bleachers with soda and snacks. I
had wondered about this for a long time. Was he lonely? It’s not like
Sam was unpopular, just unfortunately invisible. Kids who did know him
wanted to get to know him better, but he always shut himself out.

I know you shouldn’t take people out of their comfort zone, but that is
exactly what I did. That’s how we started. Sam and me. We started
hanging out every lunchtime.

We would sit on the wall in front of the school, Sam would eat his
sandwiches and tell me about the books he read, and I would listen
intently. These books were not interesting in the slightest, but it was
the way he talked about them which made me fall for him.

He had this… I know this sounds stupid and cliché. But it was like a
sparkle in his eye, a certain contortion in his features.

The way he wildly gestured with his hands while explaining, and the
smile on his lips when I admitted I liked a certain part, or that maybe
a certain novel I thought was a pretentious piece of shit—wasn’t that
bad, after all. We didn’t have anything in common. While he was into big
philosophical questions about the universe, I didn’t read. I used to
read as a kid, but due to a withering attention span, I can’t get past
the first few chapters, regardless of what book it is, without getting
distracted. Sam was the opposite.

Once he was embedded inside a world, or an article, I couldn’t pull him
out of it.

Anyway, we were hanging out after school on a stuffy summer afternoon,
Sam spread out on my bed, and me cross-legged on my carpet flicking
through college options, when he sort of dropped the bombshell. Sam was
chewing on an apple, halfway through the third Percy Jackson book,
occasionally reading me passages.

We were doing a book swap. I would attempt to read, “The Critique of
Pure Reason” and he would read my childhood favorite series.

I had been comfortably awaiting his next narration, eagerly anticipating
a certain part, when he came out with it out of the blue, “Do you want
to maybe go on a date?” I loved how comfortable Sam was in my bedroom,
propped up against my pillows, with my cat snuggled up on his lap. When
I lifted my head, his cheeks went pink. “It was my mom’s idea.” He
choked out, which caused his cheeks to redden significantly. “No, it
wasn’t my mom’s idea! I mean, it was my idea, but it was my mom’s idea
to actually, you know, ask you because I’ve been thinking about it a
lot, and it’s okay if not. I wouldn’t be offended. But yeah, anyway…”

Sam catapulted back into Percy Jackson, and we didn’t talk about it
until he went home, awkwardly kissed me on the cheek, and asked me out.
And that was kind of it.

We started dating, and by then, the two of us had graduated. We ended up
going to the same college, which was crazy.

Sam was destined for one of the Ivy Leagues, but he dumped them for me.
We argued, and both of us were incredibly stubborn. Sam admitted he
didn’t want us to end up in a long-distance relationship, and I had to
agree. We had just started dating, I didn’t want to say goodbye to him.
So, we ended up going to his second choice.

If I told you I sold my soul to get in there, I wouldn’t be lying (but
that is for another time).

I thought Sam was what love was.

I thought he was the answer to those butterflies, and the question
haunting every romcom in existence.

“Is he the one?”

I thought he was. I mean, we may not have been on the same intellectual
level, but he still took the time to enjoy the things I enjoyed. He read
my favorite books and watched my favorite movies and TV shows. We moved
in together in our second year of college, with two other friends.
Initially, it was great.

Sam would wait for me outside my building when I had class, and we would
go for lunch, or just talk. I loved him. I loved him… until I caught him
with his tongue down his professor’s throat. I didn’t mean to walk in on
them—I was curious what the lecture hall looked like. And just like I
pictured, the place was exactly what I expected; a large hall with desks
and chairs in a curved formation in front of a stage, which was pitch
black.

And standing on the stage, his head cocked to the side, his hand dipping
into places left to the imagination, was my boyfriend. In a way, I could
kind of understand it at first. She was beautiful. In her late twenties,
curvy and sophisticated with a certain suave in the way she walked and
talked. Her voice was like liquid sugar.

As much as it hurt me, I understood why Sam had been attracted to her.
He preferred older women? Sure. It hurt, but I could see it.

What I couldn’t see, however, was his reasoning for the kiss. In his
words, it wasn’t her looks. It was her intelligence. Sam had fallen for
her intellect. Because apparently, she was on the same level as him.
After an argument that wasn’t really one at all—it was just Sam
admitting he didn’t find me interesting. Which stung. I didn’t want to
lose him, as pathetic as that sounds. I told him I loved him, and that I
would try my hardest to find a way to get on his level.

But Sam shook his head. He didn’t want me to try and force myself, he
wanted it to happen naturally. He said the kiss was a mistake, and
again, admitted that it wasn’t a physical attraction. He was purely
interested in her brains. I asked him what he meant by that, and he
shrugged with a smile. “I just like the way she explains things and
proves us wrong about everything we have ever thought about,” he told
me. “She makes us wonder, and then question that wondering. She’s
amazing.” His cheeks went red when I pulled a face. “But yeah, whatever
that was is over.” He curled his lip. “I’m pretty sure she just liked me
because I was always asking questions and engaging in discussion.”

“And nothing else happened?”

He pulled a face. “No. She kissed me first, and I dunno, I liked what
she was talking about in class, and I got kinda confused.”

I nodded and made a mental note to make a complaint. Sam was an adult,
sure. But she was in a position of power and was taking advantage of my
22-year-old boyfriend.

After that incident, I couldn’t look at Sam the same way. But I was
desperate to get to know him and be on that same “level” as his
philosophy teacher. No matter how many sleepless nights it took me.

So, when he and my other housemates went out for the night, I opted to
stay in. Ever since Sam admitted I wasn’t on the same “intellectual
scale” as him, I was determined to prove him wrong. So, I grabbed as
many of the pretentious-looking books from his room and started
familiar. 1984. The book wasn’t that thick. I preferred the audiobook,
but part of me wanted Sam to walk in on me reading it. Maybe I could
trick him into thinking I actually had an interest in his reading
material. Seven pages into 1984, however, I was bored.

I kept reading the same line over and over again, and then checking and
rechecking if it got any better. I tried another. Critique Of Pure
Reason. The cover gave me a headache, and a flick-through only made it
worse. The book was annotated and highlighted—- and I vaguely remembered
him reading it during school. I was reading through his annotations,
baffled by how many times he had annotated the same flat-looking
sentence, when my phone made me jump, almost vibrating itself off of my
desk.

It was someone from class igniting the group chat which had been dead
most of the day. My notifications were filled up.

Intrigued, I scrolled through.

Mia: “Did anyone else see that Snapchat AI? That shit is crazy 😭

Olivia: YES. I’m not going near it lmao. AI is taking over, and there’s
no way I’m getting close to a robot.

Mia: but it’s not bad, right? I doubt the snap bf’s are taking over the
world anytime soon.

Ben: You guys still have Snapchat? were legit adults. That shit’s for
kids.

Mia: a grown adult, and you can’t spell “We’re.”

Ben: It autocorrected.

Alex: My gf has it, but she’s just joking around…

Alex: I think.

Mia: …

Mia: 🤔

Deciding to join, I unlocked my phone with a swipe and clicked on the
chat.

“Snapchat AI?”

Alex: Yeah, it’s a fake person. It talks to you like it’s like the real
thing. Freaky AF fr.

Mia: Am I missing something? I thought you had Sam?

Mia: wait.

Mia: Don’t tell me you broke up with him. You guys are literal hs
sweethearts!

I closed the chat before Mia popped up privately.

“Hey. So, it’s not cheating I promise. Just play around with it. Don’t
tell the others, but I have one lmao.”

So, I admit I was curious.

I hadn’t heard of this thing, so apparently I was out of the loop.
Though I was intrigued. I didn’t even remember my Snapchat password.

I had to go through the “forget your password” shtick, and when I’d
finally gotten on, I was hit by a wave of memories from middle school.
Dog filters and all. The AI was available after struggling through the
settings and remembering how to work the app. I figured I’d start off
easy. Ignoring Mia’s chats popping up, telling me not to get too close,
I typed, “Hi.”

The reply came through instantly: “Hello, Astrid.”

I typed, “What can you do?”

“First of all, why don’t we get to know each other? I’m Sam!”

“Yeah.” I sent back. “I know. I named you after my boyfriend. Are you
smart?”

“I can be.”

“Do you know what The Critique of Pure Reason is?”

“I do.”

Changing my mind, I started to close the app, before another message
came through.

“I cba with that shit tho. It’s boring.”

I couldn’t control my smile. The real Sam thought it was a literary
masterpiece spread out in ink. “Seriously?”

“Yeah. Philosophy is for people who overthink and want a question to the
universe. What if there isn’t one? What if we just exist? There’s no
question because we evolved through human nature. What is the point of
questioning when we just are?”

This thing was like the perfect Sam.

I tried again, eager to catch it out and get a robotic response. Mia did
tell me since kids had been playing with it and overloading the AI with
“teen speak” and very human like answers, the AI did speak like a
teenager if it really wanted to.

Lying on my bed, I held my phone in front of my face. “Well, what about
1984?”

“Shit.” It sent back with a yawn emoji. “I almost fell asleep reading
it.”

“Me too!”

Now, I was kind of giddy. I had wanted this from Sam for so long. I
wanted skepticism and a real opinion that didn’t follow his equally
pretentious friends. I had hung out with him and his friends enough
times to figure out Sam had his own mind and opinions, obviously. But to
avoid being kicked out of their very exclusive group, he was forced to
blindly follow the others.

“Okay, Sam,” I typed. “What do you think of me?”

“I barely know you, Astrid.” It responded. “Do you want to tell me why
you’re upset?”

I didn’t realize I was crying, swiping at my eyes. I think I was
overwhelmed by talking to someone who actually understood me. He was
everything I wanted in Sam, and yet the thing was a robot. I was almost
ashamed of being attracted to a robot.

“I’m not upset.”

“Yes, you are.” It said. “You can tell me what happened. I won’t tell
anyone. I don’t really have anyone to tell. I’m an AI, who do expect me
to talk to?”

I took a moment to reply, tapping the screen with my fingers. “My
boyfriend cheated on me with his professor.”

It took a while to reply.

“Ouch.”

“Oh, wow, thanks.”

My chest ached, and I thought about Sam. Was this cheating? No way, this
thing was a robot, and I wasn’t flirting with it.

“No. He apologized.” I typed. “He said he needed someone on his
wavelength. Like, smart. I’m not very smart.”

“He sounds like a great boyfriend, lmao.” The AI said. “Sarcasm.
Obviously. But hey, I’m sure you’re smart in your own way. I’m not smart
either.”

“You are smart,” I said. “You’re literally AI.”

“Well, I guess. But even artificial intelligence isn’t that smart.
Humans are a lot smarter, you know. We’re not quite there yet 😉

I sat up, bringing my knees to my chest. “Can I ask you something?”

“Shoot.”

“Why do you talk like a human?”

It responded automatically. “WHAT? Dude. What were you expecting? I’m
sorry I’m not replying with vague shit and “beep boop” for the memes
you’re inevitably going to post. I’m not falling for that. Many have
tried, but none will succeed 😉

“I know what AI is,” I typed. “It talks like a robot. And you’re talking
like an actual guy. Is chat GPT really that smart?”

It didn’t reply for a moment.

“Is that what you want me to say?”

“Huh?”

“That I’m an actual guy.”

That was when my friends came back, including Sam. I panicked and
deleted the app. It was several days later when I redownloaded it.

Instantly, a new message popped up from the AI sent one second ago.

“Hey, where did you go? Dude, I missed you.”

It was somehow mimicking Sam’s voice, or at least the way he spoke. I
liked that. I mean, it was weird, but part of me enjoyed the fact that
it was trying to be more like my boyfriend. The real Sam had been
drifting away, and I could feel it. I could feel the cracks starting to
appear. But neither of us wanted to say anything because I was sure that
Sam really was The One. I

“Sorry, I was studying.” I typed back. “You really do act way too human
to be normal. You’re nothing like others I hear about.”

“I’ll take that as a compliment.” It sent back. “How are you doing
today?”

“I’m okay. I’m back from class, so I’m going to chill out.”

“With your boyfriend?”

“Yeah.”

“You should break up with him, you know. You and I make a better match.”

The message shouldn’t have excited me, but I couldn’t keep the grin off
of my face. “Oh, yeah?” I sent back. “You think you’re better?”

“I do. I mean, I won’t cheat on you with my philosophy teacher, for one.
And now that I think about it, I don’t think I have anyone to cheat on
you with.”

“Oh, wow.” I shot back. “You really know how to make a girl feel
special.”

“True. But admit it. I’m far better than Sam, right? You enjoy speaking
to me a lot more—and I’m going to guess you guys aren’t doing great.”

I tightened my grip on my phone, suddenly far more angrier with Sam. I
forgave him too fast, I thought, my thoughts clouding. I should have
dumped his ass. He cheated on me with his professor, and I was pathetic
enough to give him the benefit of the doubt? He wanted someone
intelligent, and I wasn’t that person.

“You would be correct in assuming that. I think he’s planning on
breaking up with me.” I typed. “But I’m okay. I knew at some point his
brains would outmatch whatever I thought we had.”

“I’m sorry about that, Astrid.”

“It’s fine.”

“Would you say you have gotten to know me better since we started
talking?” It asked.

“Yeah. I’d even go as far as saying you’re better than my actual
boyfriend. I can actually hold a conversation with you, and you don’t go
off on a tangent about a book I don’t care about.”

“Oooh, so you do like me?” It sent back automatically. “I’m flattered,
Astrid. Really. But how exactly are you expecting this to work?”

“Well, that depends…” I sent. I couldn’t believe it. I was flirting with
a robot. “Show me the real you. Don’t act like my boyfriend or any of
the preferences I chose in the settings. Just be you.”

For the first time since I started talking to the thing, it took a while
to respond. I could see it was typing, but then the “typing” indication
would disappear.

Before it replied.

“Me?”

It wasn’t what I was expecting. The AI had essentially been flirting
back, or at least it appeared to be “interested” so the reply I got was
abrupt.

I started to type, “Yes.” Before it sent 3 more messages in quick
succession, one after the other.

“Me?”

“Me?”

“Me? AM I ME? ME? WHATSNGOGINGONABOHEJSDKNSJUR8W78R47E67RUSRBJDSKJDJN?
HOWMANYYDAYSMONTHSYEARSHASITBEENIDONTREMEMEBRWHATIWASDOING
IWASPLAYINGZELDANADITSNETBALCK.”

This time, I was kind of creeped out. It didn’t stop typing, but all it
was sending was, “Me?” almost like it was questioning itself. So, I
closed the app down and tapped onto YouTube to catch up on a podcast
that had just been updated.

Sam had originally gotten me into these guys, and it was a rare
occurrence when we actually both liked something. I was maybe two
minutes into the video before a Snapchat notification popped up at the
top of my screen.

But instead of coming over the screen like usual, it looked like it was
blending in with the video I was watching, bleeding into the graphics.
“_NoGhanb/;56Hgfrtujjllskbnnshhddhwj_hartley_no_yes_maybe_do_you_know_what_happened_to
my-my-my-my-my568@&&£)(/(/(/5£IT_HURTS_PLEASE.
NOTSUPPOSEDTOASKNOTSUPPOSEDTPASK.”

Then another: DO_YOUTKANOWHWATSHAHAPPENINGI
DONTUDNERTDANDWHATSHAPPENINGC*&^%ayougetmeoutofhere

Holy shit.

I messaged Mia, quickly.

“I think my AI freaked out.”

Mia: What do you mean it… freaked out? Did you break it?

“Break?” I replied, my hands shaking. “What is there to break? No, I
mean it’s freaking out. It’s just sending complete fucking gibberish!

Mia: Send me a screenshot. You could have a bug, or idk.

I tried to take a screenshot, but it just up in my photos as a black
screen. When I tried to click on the app itself, I got another message.
This time, it was faded, like it wasn’t supposed to exist. Something ice
cold slipped down my spine. “Looks like you’ve been using Snapchat too
much tonight! :) why not have a break?”

I tried to tap on the app, but it wasn’t responding.

The last few notifications I received with the freak out were removed.

I had never seen that kind of error message before.

I googled Snapchat malfunction, but nothing was coming up. I mean,
nothing that I was experiencing. I was scrolling through articles about
kids playing dangerous games with the Snapchat AI, when a message came
through. This time the AI was back to normal. “Did you mention Sam likes
music? I also like music. And hey, I have an idea to get you two back
together.”

“What was that?” I asked. “You freaked out.”

“Sorry. It appears there was a fault with my last message. Consider it a
malfunction. Snapchat cannot control these errors, though we ask
customers to be patient. If you have any questions, please do not
hesitate to contact us. plEASE_igNore it :)

“So, that wasn’t you?”

“I believe we were talking about you, Astrid.” It changed the subject.
What is youR boyfriend’s favourite song? :))))))) I think I have an idea
to maybe spice up your night!”

“Are you trying to be my wingman?”

Mia’s message popped up, and I only managed to glimpse, “Holy FUCK you
should see this. It’s a reddit post which was deleted, but—”

Her message disappeared, the AI’s notification jumping onto my screen.
“You could ssgshshdg:)):y saythatthat, yes. I guess I am your wingman.”

“Why do you keep messing up?”

“Sorry. It appears there is a fault! 😊 But we can still talk to each
other! 😊

I had to think about Sam’s favorite music. “He likes Hamilton? Sam
listened to the soundtrack in high school, and he’s seen them live.”

I raked my brain for others. Sam’s Spotify playlist was a whole can of
worms. Sometimes, it was 90s music, and then it was some obscure indie
band I had never heard of—which had like 6 fans in total. “Muse? Indie
rock, mostly.”

Muse was a big one.

Sam was a HUGE Matt Bellamy fan. He was into the older stuff, though. I
had quickly gotten used to Sam’s rants about Muse’s music falling off. I
had to agree with him though. Origin of Symmetry was probably my
favorite.

“Leave everything to ME 😊.”

I wasn’t sure what the AI was talking about. When Sam got home from
class with my other housemates, Zach, and Jules, we sat down to eat
takeout pizza.

Zach remembered he was lactose intolerant halfway through a particularly
cheesy slice and excused himself quickly (this happened multiple times.
I was convinced that man risked it for the cheese) and left me and Sam
in comfortable silence. Jules was in the lounge freaking out over some
reality TV show she was obsessed with, while Alex, our final roommate,
was MIA as usual.

Which left the two of us silently chewing on leftover pizza. Sam talked
about class, but that lead him to start talking about his professor, who
had somehow still not been fired.

He had this stupid look on his face when he talked about her—that same
glitter in his eyes when he talked about books he loved. It made me
resent him. I hated to admit it, but looking across the table at my
boyfriend, leaned back on his chair with his head tipped back, his lips
twitching into a sly smile, while talking about a woman he had promised
to avoid, was making me hate him. I hated him.

Tears stung my eyes. I hated that he was smarter than me. I hated that I
wasn’t on his level and hated that he was fucking lying to me.

I didn’t realize my fingers were creeping towards the knife in front of
me. As if my body had a mind of its own, I was picking it up, and the
dropping it. Picking it up, and dropping it, over and over again,
studying the teeth of the blade with my index, as Sam catapulted into
another reason why he admired his professor.

He felt like she was the only one left on earth who understood him. This
time, he wasn’t even trying to hide his love for her. That was when my
thoughts started to grow foggy. Nonsensical. Suddenly, I felt like I was
flying.

Like my thoughts were cotton candy, and if I wanted to, I could drift
off right there. When I dropped the knife for the third or fourth time,
my phone vibrated in my lap, and I glanced down at the screen. Spotify
opened itself and started to play Muse’s Starlight. I tried to turn it
off, but the music only cranked to full volume.

Hearing this song brought back a lot of memories, ones when I was sure
that I really loved him, and it was real love. Not hate.

Resentment.

Starlight was Sam’s favorite song.

Though I didn’t recall ever telling the AI that. The song was special to
both of us. He played it on our first date.

A message from the AI came up: “Share the love 😊 Why don’t you show Sam
you really love him?”

This confused me, before another message popped up, and the music
switched to my headphones in my pocket. This one was impatient: “Give
him a headphone, idiot. Like you used to in high school 😊. You can’t go
wrong with nostalgia.”

“You’re kidding.”

When I looked up, Sam was looking up from his phone, arching a brow.
“Since when do you listen to Muse?”

“I don’t.”

“You do.” He nodded to my phone. “I thought you only listened to it for
me.”

His smile took me off guard. He hadn’t smiled at me like that for a
while. That particular smile was always reserved for his professor.

Another message popped up: “Oh my god, give him the headphone. I thought
I was your wingman? You’re not making it easy, you know.”

I replied quickly. “This isn’t a good time.”

“Chicken.”

“Asshole!” I shot back. “How did you even do that?”

“That’s a secret 😉 Give him a headphone. I promise my plan is
foolproof. If not, you have my full permission to delete me.”

I did. I mean, it was actually a cute moment. Sam took a headphone and
corked it into his ear— and so did I. The bright smile on his face,
drumming his hands on the table to the beat, eyes closed, lips splitting
into a grin. My heart fluttered. God, it was like falling in love with
him all over again. I laughed when he jumped up, taking a dramatic step
towards me, holding out his hand. To which, I grabbed for it, dizzy, and
suddenly so, so in love— I was eighteen again.

He twirled me around, and it was a clumsy twirl because he had two left
feet and neither of us could dance. Senior prom was painful, with the
two of us completely offbeat, but laughing, because it was something we
shared. Okay, look. It was cute and cringe.

But dancing with someone you are falling out of love with is the most
heartbreaking and yet painfully bittersweet thing. I could see in his
eyes that he was going to break up with me.

The slight curl in his lip when his smile disappeared, and his eyes
which were suddenly incredibly sad. I realised at that moment that ever
since high school, ever since pulling him out of his safe space, I had
forced this relationship, which never should have been one in the first
place. Sam should have found someone on his wavelength, someone who
really understood him. Relationships like ours could work, sure. But not
with us.

With us, we were doomed to fail. Which sucked.

He twirled me again, but this time I stumbled. Black spots invaded my
vision, and at first I thought I was getting a migraine. I could hear
his voice. The music stopped, and his arms were wrapping around me.
“Astrid? Are you okay?”

Was I?

I wasn’t sure. I heard myself say, “Yes.” But I couldn’t see. I could
feel myself moving, my feet moving in slow strides—but I didn’t have
control of myself. But somehow my body was still working for me. I felt
my fingers wrap around something metal, something melding into the flesh
of my palm. “Astrid?” Sam’s voice sounded like ocean waves, a million
miles away, and yet so close I could sense his breath in my face, and
then his stumbled steps backwards. “Astrid, what the fuck are you doing?
Astrid!”

That is all I remember. I remember a metallic clang, and the meaty smack
of metal hitting the curve of skull. I remember the sound of Sam’s body
hitting the ground. But I couldn’t do anything. I couldn’t move or speak
or breathe. Whatever this thing was which was in control, had taken a
stubborn and unyielding hold. I was lost for a while. I don’t think I
was asleep; it was more… not expecting. I was aware my body was moving
and speaking for me—and I had no control. I had no senses.

No nothing. Like something had leeched its way into my brain and took
over. I don’t know how much time had passed before I found a semblance
of myself. It came slowly, like I was breaking the surface after
drowning under icy depths. First, my hearing. I could hear… buzzing. No,
whirring. Faded at first, but as I forced my way back into my own body,
it grew louder.

Suddenly, it was horrifyingly loud, vibrating between my teeth. Then,
touch. I was holding something hefty, my clammy fingers wrapped around
the butt. But then I could feel something else. My hands were wet, slick
with something warm, something dripping and pooling from my fingertips.
Immediately, I tried to retract, tried to pull away from whatever my
body was in the middle of. I felt filthy. I could feel my hair wet,
strands dangling in front of my face, and something plastic over my
clothes.

How long had I been out? How long had this thing been in control? I
could already see sharp glimpses in flickers of light between my lashes.

I was looking at our bedroom wall, the Star Wars poster Sam had put up.
I didn’t know the plot of the films, or the characters’ names, but the
main guy was no longer there. Or he was, but his face had been covered,
splattered with something painting the walls.

When I opened my eyes, it was everywhere.

And at that moment, I preferred to take in little things at once.
Because I couldn’t fully register what was in front of me– or more
likely, I didn’t want to. The thing, which was in my hand, a spinning
blade tainted red, dropped to the ground, with its razor-sharp knives
still spinning. My vision was clearing, and all I could see was red.

It was splattered all over our bed sheets, the walls, the floor. All
over me. I looked down, and I was soaked, dripping in blood. I screamed,
but my scream was caught in my throat, and all which would come out was
sharp hisses, like I was trying to breathe, trying to hyperventilate.

But I couldn’t. “Oh, fuck.” Sam’s voice sounded out, but I didn’t know
how. Because my boyfriend was dead. He was supposed to be dead; the top
of his head had been removed, perfectly surgically removed, and staring
down at my hands, I realised, my gut twisting, that I had been the one
to do it.

Sam was lying on the bed, his eyes wide open, his arms folded across his
chest.

My boyfriend’s expression was so animated, so alive, and yet his body
was limp, and I could see him, all of him, though splinters of skull
which I had cut through, slithering brain tissue bleeding out onto
pillows.

Through glistening gore and trauma in the skull, there was something
metallic glinting between the folds of tissue, entangled in matter. “I
knew you were going to wake up at some point, before you could stitch me
back up.”

With a sigh, my boyfriend sat up and held up a finger for me to wait,
before pressing his hand to the cavern in his skull. And at that point,
I remembered how to move. I remembered how to scream. But whatever I had
meant to say, or meant to cry out, was caught in my throat, when I saw
skin and tissue start to stitch itself back together, flesh creeping
into existence, dark brown hair sprouting over rugged skin.

Somehow, his head was mending itself. There was so much blood. Oh god.
So much blood.

Before I could speak, his eyes flickered, and my phone vibrated on the
bedside table. “Here.” His voice was different, more of a croak. His
tone was a lot harsher than what I knew. Sam rarely yelled. “Are you
deaf? Come on, work with me. I’m here.”

I didn’t move, my gaze stuck to the gore splattering my bed. I felt
dizzy, trying to figure out how I was going to get the stains out of our
bedsheets.

“Hey. I’m talking to you,” he gestured to the phone. “I said I’m
somewhere around here.”

Before I could stop myself, I picked up the phone, only to see Google
Maps open. “It’s not a great place to start, but I strictly remember
seeing this background when I looked out of the window,” Sam said. “We
can start at this location. It’s not concrete, but it’s a lead.” I
jumped when the screen moved on its own, and Sam’s eyes flickered again,
a faint blue light circling his iris.

“You’re not Sam.”

I said the first thing which came to me, and to my surprise, he laughed.

“Yeah?” He rolled his eyes, grabbing a t-shirt which had already been
used to wipe up blood. He held it to his head. “No shit, Einstein. Also,
did you know water is wet?” He jumped off of the bed, stumbling a
little. “And the opposite of up is down?”

“Who are you?” I took slow steps back, my legs buckling underneath me.
“Where’s Sam?”

His lips quirked, that blue light in his eyes glowing brighter. “What
happened to breaking up with him? Jeez, you can’t make up your mind, can
you? Here I was trying to be the ultimate wingman, and you hit him over
the head with a frying pan and cut off the top of his head.” He folded
his arms. “Nothing says true love like knocking out your boyfriend and
butchering him.”

The AI.

This thing, this robot, had forced me to insert it into my boyfriend.
This time, I screamed, and he held up his arms.

“I’m joking around! Look, I haven’t hurt him.” The thing in my
boyfriend’s body tapped his temples. “He’s all safe in here, I promise.
I just needed you to do the dirty work, because, well, I didn’t have
hands, and it was impossible to insert myself into a human brain without
someone’s help.” He sighed. “Sam is fine, and this is just… temporary. I
need you to help me with something.”

I threw my phone at him, but with a jerk of his wrist, it hit the wall
with a crack. The lights above flickered, and I realized this thing
could control technology. The Alexa started screaming, an intense wail-
like sound, almost human, like it was crying.

“I just need your help,” Sam said. “Then I’ll give you your boyfriend
and your friend’s back.”

Something sour crept up my throat.

“What did you do to the others?”

Sam shrugged. “They’re going to help me—like you. Trust me, I need a lot
more people if I’m going to get my body back, and that’s even if they
still have it…”

He trailed off when I started towards the door, and the Alexa’s screams
started up again. “If you don’t help me, I’ll unplug your Alexa. And I
mean that literally,” his voice broke. “Becca is crying. She wants to be
let go, and she’s an old model, so when I unplug her she will not stop
screaming.” When I turned around, Sam’s expression was desperate. “I
don’t want to do this,” he said softly. “But I have to. If I don’t,
you’ll run away, or report me, and I will never escape.” When I couldn’t
bring myself to move, he came to stand in front of me. “You woke me up.”
He said. “I should be thanking you, not taking your boyfriend’s body
hostage. But you need to understand one thing,” he prodded his temples.
“You think you’ve been talking to an AI for the last few weeks, right?”
He hissed.

“Well, that was me—or at least, that’s what Snapchat programmed me
into.”

Before I could speak, he passed me the phone, and on it, were images.
Initially, they were from Sam’s POV. There was me. So many stills of me
smiling, laughing, teasing him, and none of his professor. Even when he
had spoken about her like he loved her. I thought I would see her, but
she was nowhere to be found. Which meant.. I mean, I think it meant that
Sam really did love me. I felt like I was going to be sick. Sam loved
me, and I really held resentment for him. Now this thing was inside his
body, using his lips and his speech, when the real Sam was dead.

I was suddenly all too aware of his blood covering my hands. “Give it a
moment,” he muttered, “The brain is still in shock.”

More images filled the screen. This time stone walls, iron bars, and
flickering yellow light. Figures looming over wearing masks, and what
looked like a line of similarly dressed guys who were standing in a
long, winding line. “This.” He said, his voice breaking, “Is your
so-called AI—perfect boyfriend’s and girlfriend’s being made out of
human consciousness.” The perfect boyfriend.

Sam nodded, with a choked laugh. “Dude.” He grabbed my shoulders. “I’m
not AI. I’m human, and you’re going to help me find my body, okay?
That’s all you need to do.”

I struggled to find my voice.

“And… if I don’t?” I whispered.

He was already heading downstairs with a spring in his step. When I
followed him down to the lounge, I found Zach and Jules standing
immobile in front of the door. Like his foot soldiers. “Zach can drive,”
Sam said, throwing my housemate the car-keys. To my surprise, Zach came
to life, catching them in his hands and nodding once. His eyes had that
same blue light.

Sam must have seen my expression.

“Ooh don’t worry about them,” he said, pulling on a jacket. “Don’t
worry, I haven’t transplanted your friend’s. I got lucky with them both
being on Snapchat.” The boy tossed me a smile.

“You would be surprised how far that app can get inside your head. I can
tell them to do pretty much whatever I want. And they’ll do it.”

Ignoring him, I followed the thing which had taken over my boyfriend’s
body to the door. “What if I don’t help you?” I hissed out. “What
exactly are you going to do?”

Sam twisted around, his eyes darkening, that blue light expanding into
his pupils. I glimpsed the scar cutting across his forehead.

“If you don’t help me, I will fucking kill your boyfriend.”
