In the winter of 1996 I was 25 years old and had been working as an
officer for five years in a small town east of Saginaw, Michigan. The
winter that year was rough, and most things in town were closed for a
few days as we shoveled the snow out of the roads. We had our fair share
of dumb 911 calls, drunk people, a car crash, those sorts of things. One
night at around 11 pm we got a call about a possible home intruder, but
the house address was a few minutes out of town in the cornfields, and
with the snow on the roads not fully plowed away it took even longer to
get there. It took me 20 minutes to drive from the station to the farm
house. I parked my cruiser and stepped out, keeping my hand ready by my
holster, my other hand grabbing the flashlight from my coat pocket. 

From the street the house looked entirely normal, the lights upstairs
were off but a small bit of light was visible through the glass of the
front door. I kept my head down, partially in the collar of my thick
jacket to keep the freezing wind from my face but as I looked down and
turned my flashlight on I saw long, bare, footprints in the snow. I
froze briefly,

“What the…?”

My tire tracks had obscured some of them, but I followed what remained
and they seemed to go from the field to the right of my cruiser, across
the street, and into the house. I leaned back into my cruiser, grabbed
the radio and called in, “arrived at scene, requesting assistance,
footprints in snow… I don’t know what to make of it, heading inside.”

I closed the door to my cruiser, drew my pistol, and followed beside the
footprints towards the house. The front door was ajar but without signs
of forced entry, like the intruder had simply walked in. I pushed open
the door and stepped inside, but nothing looked wrong. The TV in the
living room was left on, as was the kitchen light. After finding
nothing, I make my way upstairs. The top of the stairs came to a
hallway, to the left was one door and to the right were another two. The
door to the left was wide open with the lights off, the room was small
and seemed like a spare bedroom, furnished and organized but dusty and
untouched.

I turned to the other end of the hall and stalked down it, keeping my
footsteps as quiet as I could on the hardwood. I checked the closer door
on my left, closed but unlocked. The mirror on the wall shone the light
of my flashlight back at me and as I lowered it I saw a counter and a
sink and then the toilet and shower beside it. The bathroom was short
and narrow between the spare bedroom to the left of it and whatever
waited for me behind the door to my right. I grabbed the door knob and
turned it slowly as I tried to push the door open, but it wouldn’t
budge.

It felt like someone was leaning against the door, but not trying to
keep it shut. I pushed it open and as the door gave in I heard a wet
thud and a long squelch as I opened it further. I lifted my flashlight
to see that where I had pushed open the door there was an immense,
streaked puddle of blood. My heart pounded as I stepped around the pool
and further into the room to look behind the door. In a limp and blood
stained hand laid the landline phone, but as I looked further the rest
of the body was unrecognizable, mauled and broken.

I wretched and ran to the bathroom, unable to keep from puking at the
sight of the eviscerated victim. I fell to my knees in front of the
toilet and dry heaved for what felt like an eternity. As I sat up to
catch my breath, there were loud footsteps and something dashed past the
open doorway in my peripheral. I startled but quickly found my bearings
and got off of the floor, grabbing my pistol and flashlight from the
counter to give chase. By the time I stepped out of the bathroom and
pointed my flashlight down the hallway, whatever had sprinted past was
already down the stairs. I gave chase, practically leaping down the
stairwell to keep up, but halfway down I heard the crash of glass
shattering. I reached the living room again and the backdoor was broken
through. I stood there, confused and frightened, as whatever had killed
the caller escaped into the pitch black of a moonless winter night. 

I looked down and now saw that there was a new trail of thickly
splattered blood and footprints, but the footprints were distorted, they
were thicker and pawlike, with only the balls of the feet and clawed
points in front of them making up the bloodied prints. I stood frozen,
not knowing what to do, before in the distance I heard a siren blaring.
I stared out of the smashed backdoor a few seconds longer before I
returned to the front porch and waved down the back up.

I don’t remember much of the rest of the night, mostly paperwork and
reporting, but the last thing that has stuck with me after all these
years is hearing two of my fellow officers mentioning the body of the
victim had been taken. I stayed working there for a few months longer,
but the weight of what I had seen and the fact nothing ever came of it -
no answers, no investigation, like the entire thing had been swept under
the rug - took a toll on me, and I ended up quitting by the spring of
1997.
