I was eight when I first had the dream. I’m seventeen when i wrote this,
so the first time is a little hazy, and I’m probably filling in some of
the gaps without meaning to, but I’ll try to describe it as accurately
as I can.

I remember going to sleep that night like I normally did. I still slept
with my parents then because I was scared of the dark. Not terrified,
exactly. I just didn’t like being in a room where I couldn’t see
everything, so sleeping alone never really worked for me. My parents
never said I had trouble sleeping, though. I didn’t wake up crying or
anything like that, and I don’t remember having many nightmares as a
kid. I just preferred knowing they were there.

The next morning was completely normal. I went to school, came home, did
whatever eight-year-olds do after school, and it wasn’t until I took my
socks off that I noticed something on my foot. There was a mark around
my ankle, almost like something had been pressed against the skin. It
was strangely symmetrical, too. Not a bruise or a rash, more like a
perfect cylinder drawn around my ankle. I tried washing it off because I
assumed it was dirt or maybe some kind of stain from my shoe, but it
didn’t change at all.

I don’t remember telling my parents much about it. I think I showed them
eventually, and they weren’t particularly concerned. One of them called
it a birthmark, which didn’t make much sense to me because I’d never
noticed it before, but I was eight and didn’t really argue about things
like that. It didn’t hurt, it wasn’t swollen, and nothing seemed to be
happening to it, so I forgot about it.

A couple of weeks later, I started remembering pieces of a dream I’d had
the night before. I don’t remember waking up from it. I don’t even
remember thinking about it when I opened my eyes that morning. The
memory just came back later, while I was doing something completely
unrelated.

I was standing somewhere that looked like a desert, except it wasn’t the
kind I’d seen in pictures. There was hardly any sand. The ground was
mostly pale rock, and I was standing near what I remember thinking was
the edge of a cliff, although when I try to picture it now it might have
just been a steep drop in the ground. Behind me was this huge flat area,
almost like a plateau.

I remember knowing what a plateau was because we’d just studied them in
EVS.

There were other people there. That’s one of the things I remember most
clearly because even then it felt strange that I wasn’t alone. They
looked like people, but not quite. Their bodies seemed almost
transparent, although I don’t remember being able to see through them
properly. It was more like they didn’t have the same solidity that I
did. Their feet barely seemed to move when they walked. Nobody spoke to
anyone else, either. They just wandered around the plateau as if they
were supposed to be there.

The sky was wrong, too, although I don’t know how else to describe it.
The sunlight didn’t look like normal sunlight. I remember the rays
looking fragmented, almost as though the light had been broken into
separate pieces before reaching the ground.

At some point I understood that this wasn’t the first time I’d been
there.

I remembered the mark on my ankle and somehow connected the two, even
though I couldn’t remember getting the mark. I don’t know why that
didn’t scare me more. Maybe because nothing bad had happened in the
dream. Nobody had chased me, nobody had spoken to me, and I’d never been
hurt there. As far as I knew, it was just somewhere I went when I slept.

For a while, that’s exactly what I thought it was.

Then I started going there more often.

PS: i found this in my old journal, im 21 now and well…. things might
have gone downhill, im writing this to find the people i see in the
Between
