[CW: minor child abuse

Author’s note: I originally posted a few parts of this story about a
year ago on a different account, but life got in the way. I’ve finally
finished and re-edited it, and I’ll try to post a new part every day.
Hope you enjoy!]

There’s no hope for me anymore.

I’ve heard the train coming around the bend. It’s coming for me and I’m
getting on. There’s nothing left for me here. Wherever it’s going is
where I belong. I’m a faithless man, but I believe that much.

I don’t write my story out looking for help or comfort. I’m beyond those
things now, and the only reason I can possibly imagine I’m still here
for, is to warn you. So please, for the love of God, no matter how
curious you are, no matter how harmless it seems - if you find yourself
in Appalachia - don’t break the laws of the land. There’s so much more
you stand to lose than your life. 

Growing up, I heard plenty of strange things, but I didn’t experience it
firsthand until I was twelve, shortly after my mother’s death. My
brother Jack was only a few months old when she passed. He cried and
cried in our granny’s arms as we stood beside the hospital bed, his
shrill lungs singing in tune to the flatline. The doctors thought it was
Lyme disease that made her waste away, but some other complication that
killed her. They couldn’t say for sure. There weren’t enough studies
yet, they said, not enough data.

All the homeopathic treatments, the antibiotics, the misdiagnoses, the
countless prayers - none of it had mattered in the end. Not as she
screamed through the nights from the pain. Not as she lost her memory,
her energy, the use of her legs. She suffered right up until the end.

But now she was at peace, Granny said, up in heaven with the angels.
Only I remembered how she looked in that bed. Grotesque and unflinching
in the blinding overhead lights of the small clinic. Eyes screwed shut,
face pallid and shiny with sweat, body withered away. The way her chest
caved in on itself with her final exhale. There was no peace in that.

In the weeks after her death, I rarely spoke. I just felt tired all the
time. Distant. I had lost interest in everything, and I didn’t see any
use in words.

It was a warm summer evening when my grandfather finally pried me from
my room and pulled me toward the front door of our one-story house.

“Goddamn it, where the hell are ya takin’ ’im now?” Granny shouted from
the kitchen. She leaned into view in the doorway, a cigarette perched
between two fingers.

She always swore like a sailor. Papaw hated it. Said it wasn’t ladylike
or very Christian of her. But she’d just call him an old bastard and
that was that. Sometimes I thought they argued just for fun. They loved
each other, in their own way.

“Relax, I’m gettin’ the boy some fresh air. Lord knows he could use it.”

“Supper’s almost finished!”

“Well I’ll bring ’im back in when it is, won’t I?” he called over his
shoulder, exasperated, shoving me barefoot out onto the porch.

I stumbled forward a step and glared back at him. But he only shrugged
innocently, grabbing his guitar from where it was propped against the
wall. He settled himself in a porch chair, plucking out a tune. Some old
song by Etta Baker or Doc Watson, maybe? He’d tried to teach me the
classics, but I’d never had the ear for music.

He noticed me lingering by his side and managed to wave me off without
missing a note.

Papaw’s solution to grief was to keep moving. No time for staying in
bed, staring at the ceiling, pouring over old photo albums of my mom. I
needed to be out playing with my friends, getting into trouble, chasing
after girls. And if I wanted to quit early and go back in - I’d just
have to ask him out loud. That was the rule.

I stomped down the steps and into the small clearing. Our home had been
in my family as far back as anyone could remember, built in a forested
holler.

The Appalachians are ancient in the truest sense of the word. A creature
in their own right. Sleeping giants laid out on pillows of bedrock and
earth, blanketed by nature. The trees and mountains rose up all around
us, so there was always something looming over you, practically
breathing down your neck. It had always made me claustrophobic.

I glanced back toward the house. It had a low-pitched roof and
rough-hewn siding. Extra rooms and a garage had been built onto the
original structure, sticking out to either side, making the house look
like a haphazard wooden quilt. Weeds crawled up the latticing. A stained
glass wind chime fluttered in the breeze, casting rainbows across the
welcome mat. Papaw’s bony frame leaned back in his chair. He fit in
perfectly with the scenery. The laurel of white hair on his balding
head. His creased leather shoes, sun-damaged face, and lazy contented
grin. Like an aging troubadour.

I caught his eye again, silently begging him to let me back inside, but
his attention drifted pointedly down to his guitar. I huffed a resentful
breath.

Well, fuck him.

I traipsed out into the yard, around the corner just out of his
eyesight, and laid down in the grass with my hands behind my head. It
would’ve been alright, all things considered, if it weren’t for the
punishing humidity. I was still wearing my mom’s old sweatshirt despite
the heat. Papaw had given it to her decades ago, when he came back home
on shore leave. It was dark blue with a bold gold insignia and
lettering: ‘Go to Bed, Have Sweet Dreams, Because America is Protected
by the U.S. Marines’

I had refused to take it off since her death, though it dwarfed me the
way it had her, the hem falling to my mid-thighs. Granny had managed to
pry it off me twice when she did laundry, but every time she washed it,
I was terrified she would wash away the scent. It still smelled like my
mom. Not her perfume, not her soap, something unique. It smelled like my
early childhood, a cool comforting scent. And if I held the collar over
my nose, and breathed in deep, it almost overpowered the memory of
hospital bleach and ammonia.

I had managed to fall half asleep, one arm thrown over my eyes, the wind
buttery against my skin - when I realized everything was too quiet. I
couldn’t hear the meditative buzz of crickets and jar flies, birdsong,
or guitar playing. The windchime and rustling leaves had all gone
silent. Like the white noise of the world had been shut off, and I
hadn’t even realized it had been there until it was gone.

I sat up, wiping my eyes, and looked around. An hour or so must have
passed, given how low the sun was. Its last golden rays cutting through
the clouds above the treetops. My stomach growled, and I wondered
whether supper was ready yet.

Had Papaw just left me out here? I wouldn’t put it past him.

I was climbing sleepily to my feet, brushing the dirt off my cargo
shorts, when I heard a shout far off in the distance. I turned toward it
instinctively, putting a hand over my eyes to block out the sun,
squinting to make out the treeline. But it was all cast in shadow.
Suddenly, the stillness of everything felt uncanny. Even the tree
branches were still.

The breeze had stopped.

The shouting came again, cutting through the silence like a cleaver
through meat, and I flinched unconsciously. I couldn’t make out any of
the words, but it sounded frantic, almost like a man sobbing.

There were a few unofficial walking paths in the nearby woods, but just
the sort locals would use. We were far away from any major hiking
trails. Maybe it was some of the neighborhood kids? But none of us, not
even the ones with the most careless parents, were allowed to play in
the woods around nightfall. Maybe it was a clueless tourist, I tried to
reason, someone who had lost their way in the forest?

“Hello?” I called out, halfway between annoyance and curiosity, still
reluctant to speak. My voice was rough from chronic disuse, foreign even
to my own ears. “Are ya lost?”

I realized my mistake the second I made it.

My grandparents had a lot of superstitions. The sort you catch on to
without them ever having to be spoken out loud. Don’t look out the
windows into the woods at night, because the woods will look back. Never
respond to a voice calling your name. Never tell a stranger your real
name. Never follow calls for help into the woods. Never go off trail.
Never whistle after dark.

And above all - never acknowledge something strange. No matter what you
saw or heard, just act like you never noticed.

But already a shout was echoing back in response, a single word,
something sharp and short.

“What?” I asked, quieter now.

Something grabbed my shoulder, and I startled, my whole body tensing
with panic. I whirled around, relieved when I saw it was just Papaw. He
didn’t share in my relief, shaking me impatiently.

“C’mon, Elijah, supper’s ready.”

There was a crashing sound in the distance, like an animal tearing
through the undergrowth, and I finally saw movement at the treeline in
my peripheral. I started turning back to get a better look, a question
on my lips, but Papaw grabbed my shoulder harsher this time and forced
me to face him instead. He looked me dead in the eyes with a grim
intensity, as though trying to convey something without facial
expressions, gestures, or words. Like his soul was crawling out through
his corneas. Then, just as quickly, the look vanished, leaving only a
strained smile in its place.

“Hurry up now,” he said, dragging me after him, though his tone stayed
unnervingly upbeat, “don’t wanna keep yer granny waitin’, do ya?”

He pulled me quickly across the yard and up the porch, as I struggled to
keep my footing beside him, finally leading me through the door. Granny
was waiting in the hall, and gathered me into her arms protectively. I
could hear Jack’s hiccuping cries through the wall, from his crib in my
bedroom. He was always crying. Sometimes I wished I had it in me to hate
him for it. 

I wasn’t as scared of whatever was outside as I was of the sudden change
that had overcome my grandparents. Papaw was rushing around the house,
locking the doors and closing the blinds of every window, with a certain
forced detachment. As though this was a daily routine, though his
fumbling hands betrayed him. Even Granny, who never took anything he did
seriously, seemed shaken. I looked up to her for an explanation, but she
only raised a finger to her lips.

Finally, Papaw’s pacing came to a stop beside us, rifle gun in hand. We
waited there for a small eternity, braced for something I couldn’t
imagine. But nothing happened. No knocks at the door, no broken windows,
no distant screams. When it was obvious we were safe, he set aside the
gun and turned his attention to me. I knew he must be angry. I fixed my
gaze on the floorboard between my feet, braced for a scolding. I hated
being in trouble, but somehow I always seemed to wind up in it. 

“Look at me, Elijah,” he said, softer than I had anticipated. “What did
I tell ya ‘bout starin’ into the treeline?”

I swallowed thickly. Normally when I was in trouble there was yelling,
threats, something. But this? There was a tension in the room I was
keenly attuned to as a child, and simultaneously completely naive of. I
didn’t know what to do with it.

“What did I tell ya?” he repeated, slower now. 

My tongue felt like lead. I never wanted to speak again.

“I’m sorry, I thought it was a hiker-”

“No, none of that. Answer me.”

I shrugged uncomfortably. “Not to stare into the treeline.”

“Why?”

“Yer scarin’ me-”

The next second I was staring off to the side, catching myself before I
could fall, pain blooming across my face. Granny tensed up behind me in
surprise. He had lashed out without warning, hitting me full force
across the cheekbone with his fist. I was torn between apologizing,
pleading, and cursing - but all that came out was a choked sound of
shock. My eyes had watered automatically, and I could barely see through
the blur. I tried to step back on instinct, but his hand shot out and
grabbed me by the collar. Jack’s cries intensified from somewhere far
away, and distantly, I wondered if he was hungry. Maybe he needed his
diaper changed or just to be held and comforted. I was the only one who
could ever get him to calm down. I needed to go check on him. But before
I could blink away the white flash, shake away the ringing in my ears, I
was hit hard and fast again across the mouth. I felt one of my teeth
slash into my lip, busting it open.

I threw my arms up over my face. I swallowed down a noise of pain and my
saliva tasted like copper. Tears were still streaming automatically down
my face, even as I tried desperately to focus, to not anger Papaw
further. Red hot indignation rose up inside me to mingle with the shame
and fear filling my chest. My breath came heavy as I fought the urge to
shirk away.

“-oh, quit yer cryin’. Ya should be scared,” said his voice through the
static, just as even and calm as before, “Now answer me.”

“…because you’ll see things ya shouldn’t,” I gritted out.

“Yeah,” he sighed, wiping a hand over his mouth.

He looked frail now, apologetic. A tortured sheen to his eyes. Like I
was a horse he hated to whip, but had simply forced his hand. I felt
more relieved than angry, to see his gentleness return, and I hated
myself for it. 

“Ya got to remember this, alright?” he went on. “Never forget. If ya
talk to what’s in the forest, you’ll become one of ’em. Do ya
understand? Tell me. Tell me ya understand.”

I only nodded in reply.

The air in the living room was oppressive. Papaw’s reddened hands hung
useless by his sides. The two of them stayed rooted where they stood
like great oaks, grown gnarled and tired with time, exchanging weighted
glances.

I took a tentative step backward, and neither of them stopped me. I
supposed there were no more words left in any of us. I took advantage of
the moment, walking away soundlessly, careful not to disturb the fragile
peace. 

I slipped down the hall and into my bedroom, where Jack thrashed feebly
in his crib. I scooped him up without a second thought, stepping over to
my twin mattress. I slumped down with my back against the wall and my
legs splayed out in front of me, Jack cradled awkwardly awkwardly to my
chest, and started tunelessly humming a lullaby.

Jack’s face steadily relaxed, panic fading to curiosity. He had always
loved music, must’ve come out the womb that way. As I sang, his big
glassy eyes studied my face, cooing and grasping clumsily up for my
shirt collar. A drop of blood fell from my split lip onto his forehead,
and he blinked in confusion. I wiped it away guiltily, my thumb smudging
it into his skin like anointing oil.

“It’s okay, Jackalope,” I whispered, with a small smile like it was a
secret, “I got ya. I’m goin’ to take care of us. I’m not goin’ away, ya
hear? I’m yer brother. So I ain’t got a choice, do I?”

My smile fell slowly. I chewed at the inside of my lip. Having actually
said the words out loud, I was faced with the irrevocable truth of it
all. I leaned back against the wall and turned my head toward the
window, watching the pine trees sway in the bluish dusk.

[Part 2 Out Soon!]
