WARNING: Violence.

I skidded into the turn. Snow and gravel rose in great washes along my
car’s side. The hastily wrapped Christmas gifts slid across the rear
seats, then slid back when I hit another turn.

The phone sitting in my center console pinged. My eyes left the mountain
road.

Mom: I swear to God, Mia. Don’t mess this up for him

She was already in one of her moods.

A bump in the road jolted my car, scattering empty energy drinks,
discarded vape pens, and crumpled butts from the cup holder and
passenger seat across the floor.

“Fuck!” I said through gritted teeth, and I returned to watching the
road. My left leg beat a staccato rhythm against my floorboard while my
muscles tied a sailor’s knot in my chest. I chewed my lip,
white-knuckling the steering wheel.

I needed a release.

The cravings were the worst when I was stressed.

It’d been a minute since I’d touched a rock, and thinking about it made
the cravings worse. I looked at a small, framed photo of my son that
hung from the rearview mirror. My reminder of who I was fighting for.

I put the gas pedal to the floor. The speedometer jumped. I couldn’t be
late. Not tonight.

My phone pinged again.

Mom: It’s been three weeks. You don’t get another chance

My body tensed. I grabbed my phone, taking my eyes off the road, and
fumbled the lock screen’s number pad with stiff fingers. “It takes
fucking time to get clean, bitch!”

I didn’t see the man, but I heard the sound he made when my car plowed
into him. His body rolled up the hood, into my windshield, turning it to
a spider’s web of red as he went up and over and off the back. I
hammered the brakes. The back of my car swung left, then right. I tried
my best to stop, but the snowdrift beat me to it. A wave of white
crashed over the hood, mixing with the blood and turning my world pink.
The force flung me forward, smashing my face into my steering wheel,
then throwing me back into my seat.

I groaned, shook my head, and fumbled for the car door. Cold air stung
my face and filled the car with the scent of burnt oil and iron, making
my swollen nose crinkle and driving a spike of pain into the center of
my face.

I eased myself out of the car. One hand on my head and the other braced
against the door, allowing the wave of nausea to break over my head.
When it did, I hunched over and vomited a stream of fast food and
nicotine-flavored liquid. I emptied my tank, but my stomach kept trying
to force out something that wasn’t there.

When my guts quit churning like an empty cement truck, I straightened
up, wiped my mouth, then pulled my petticoat tight around me, and with a
shaky step, walked to the front of my car. My legs weren’t trustworthy,
so I kept one hand on the car for support.

The impact crushed my fender and hood. The antenna was missing. One
headlight hung from its socket. I reached down and pushed it back in.
The light came back on.

I followed my tire tracks to the steaming red mound in the center of the
road. A sour, acidic smell hung over the body. The scent brushed my
nose, and another wave of nausea struck me.

A ragged, crumpled body lay in the center of a cooling puddle of blood.
His face had started to cave in, and he looked like an old,
jack-o’-lantern left to rot in the sun. His limbs pointed in so many
directions, you’d think they’d been made only of elbows and knees.

I stumbled backward. Breaths came fast. My head spun. I had killed a
man. My legs gave out, and my ass kissed the ground, sending a jolt of
pain up my tailbone that cleared the haze from my brain.

I should call the police.

I reached into my petticoat and removed my phone. I looked at the screen
and saw a text.

Mom: You had your chance.

My throat tightened. I tried to swallow but couldn’t. I closed my eyes
and exhaled the breath I hadn’t realized I was holding.

Me: Driving. On my way

The corpse gasped and rolled over onto its side. He looked at me with
the wide eyes of the dead and tried to form words with his crumpled
mouth.

“It. Burnssss…” he slurred, and a string of chunky red drool ran down
his chin.

“Don’t move. I’m calling 911,” I said. “You’ll be ok.” I unlocked my
phone.

“No.” He rolled onto his stomach, slinging his busted arm over his body.
“Moon fire… It burns. It. Burns.” He winced. His busted arm twisted, and
all the little elbows snapped back into place, and his arm was fine.

“Moon fire…” he repeated, his words clearer. He eased himself onto his
feet. The broken bones of his legs locked back into place. He stood
there, looking brand new, as if the blood covering him was purely
decoration. Plumes of heat puffed from his mouth with each ragged
breath, causing the bloody icicles in his beard to dance.

I scooted backward. Words tumbled from my mouth in a stream of nonsense,
trying to verbally make sense of what I’d witnessed.

The man craned his neck, his face angled to the sky as a pained wail
ripped from his throat, crescendoing into a bestial scream.

I scrambled towards my car, fishing the keys out of my pocket. My mind
struggled to piece together what I’d just seen. Was this hell? Had I
died in the crash? I looked over my shoulder, and what I saw didn’t do
my sanity any favors.

He was on his hands and knees, his body shaking violently as skin ripped
and sloughed off in thick, ragged chunks, revealing dark, wet fur
beneath.

The wolf shook the remaining chunks of skin and clothing from its body.
It sniffed at the wet meat that surrounded it before looking up at me.
Thick black lips pulled back, revealing a mouth of overly crowded teeth,
some human, others distinctly canine. A thin whine escaped its mouth,
then the wolf charged, throwing plumes of powder into the air.

I jumped into the driver’s seat and closed the door behind me. The wolf
slammed against the car seconds later. The force knocked me into the
passenger seat. It threw its body into the car again. The door buckled,
and the window exploded inward. I reached beneath the seat and pulled
out my emergency kit, fumbling with the zipper, my fingers numb from the
cold.

The wolf grabbed the window frame, with hands caught somewhere between
beast and man, pulled itself inside, but a swift kick from my foot
caught it square in the nose, sending it backward with a yelp. I
returned to the hurried business of unzipping my emergency kit.

The wolf appeared in the window again; this time it grabbed the window
frame and, with a strained grunt, yanked it from the hinges. The door
sailed through the air, landing in the snow behind us.

I took the emergency kit and crawled between the front seats and into
the back. The beast pulled itself inside, all snapping jaws and snarls.
It spun in the front seat, its awkward body struggling to adjust in the
tight quarters. I climbed through the back passenger-side door, falling
to the ground before getting to my feet and running down the road. As I
ran, I unzipped the emergency kit, pocketed the flare, and flicked open
the large pocketknife I kept in there.

The wolf freed itself from the car with a frustrated roar and shambled
towards me on two awkward legs that worked better than their deformed
nature would let you believe. It overtook me in seconds, wrapping its
arms around me. I spun in its arms to face it and buried the blade
handle deep in its collarbone. We fell onto the ground, and the wolf let
go to claw at the knife handle.

I scooted away from the wolf and pulled the flare from my pocket. I
popped the head, then struck the starter. A burst of neon red exploded
from the tip, and a loud sizzle filled the air.

The wolf freed the hatchet from its collarbone. It made to move but
stopped and studied the flare. Its thick black lips peeled back to
reveal its teeth, flecked with blood and foam as the beast’s eyes
settled on me with a cold, hateful glare.

Then the wolf lunged at me again.

The force separated my feet from the ground, laying me out flat and
knocking the wind from me. The flare flew from my hands and landed right
out of reach.

The wolf’s jaws made a play for my throat, but I raised my arms and its
teeth sank into my right forearm instead. The pain came fast and hot,
but my adrenaline carried me through. It shook its large head, digging
its teeth deeper, shredding muscles, severing tendons, and snuffing out
all sensation in my hand. Strings of blood laced across my face and neck
as the beast jerked my arm from one side to the next.

I shoved my good thumb into the wolf’s face, grinding his eyeball into a
meaty pulp.

It released my arm, whining and pawing at its face, smearing the thick
ochre cream that was its eyeball into its pelt.

I grabbed the flare and thrust its burning head into the wolf’s jaws.
The wolf jerked its head backward, but I grabbed a fistful of fur, and I
pushed the flare further down its throat. Paw-like hands clawed at my
face, opening my skin from forehead to chin.

The wolf ripped free of my grip and rose onto its hind legs, only to
collapse back onto all fours. It dragged its body towards the edge of
the woods, gasping and whimpering until it collapsed. It reached out and
grabbed clumsily at the snow before its whole body tensed, shuddered,
then went slack.

Patches of thick fur and flesh sloughed off the wolf’s body in ragged
chunks, revealing the man beneath, his face burned black. One eye gone,
the other cooked in its socket. The piles of folded flesh darkened,
looking less like skin and fur and more like wet rubber that bubbled and
popped, melting into a greasy puddle that pooled on the ground around
him. The acrid smell filled the cabin.

I covered my nose with both hands. Then realized that the sensation had
returned to my right hand, and the stinging pain of the wolf bite had
dulled to a throbbing ache. I pulled the rags of my petticoat back to
inspect the wounds.

My arm was fine except for several rows of dimples from teeth marks.

An uneasiness settled upon me that sank like a rock into the bottom of
my stomach; I’d been bitten. I’d seen the movies. I knew the rules. Why
would this be any different?

The uneasiness rose back up into my throat, and a wave of nausea
overtook me, and I vomited. I wiped my mouth and, with blurry eyes,
looked at the man crumpled in the snow. “You-you son of a bitch.”

I got to my feet. My mouth formed the words, but they caught in my
throat, and I cleared it with a stifled cry. “I just wanted to see my
son.” And delivered a kick to his stomach, hard enough to roll him onto
his back. He stared up at me with eyeless sockets.

I screamed and brought my heel down onto his face. Each time I raised my
foot, less of him stayed on the ground and more stuck to the bottom of
my shoe.

The sound of a text message ripped me from my rage, like a cold splash
of water. I reached into my pocket.

The forest road was silent. Soft snowflakes drifted lazily about me. But
that world had been replaced by four simple words.

Mom: Are you even coming?

I stared at the phone, my lips trembling. Tears came freely now. I wiped
them and looked up at the moon with raw eyes. It sat high in the sky,
fat and full. Even now I could feel it, a fire deep in my bones.

I returned to the world of my phone.

Me: No
