Well, hello there! First time on earth? Not to worry, But at first, you
must collect the skinsuits distributed by ]%{$}£~. Why, that’s how you
got this instruction manual in the first place, isn’t it?

Please make sure that you have inside your skinsuit’s brain the chip we
provide, else you won’t understand what’s written on this pamphlet at
all. What you are reading and understanding now is “English,” A very
primitive and stupid knowledge these homo sapiens have made. You must
already know how to read and write this language, as most of the
population of earth converses in this peculiar form of tongue.

Adjusting into your new skinsuit- Wearing a skinsuit must feel
unneccesary and uncomfortable at first, but really, it’s for the greater
good. If we don’t, we will get caught, and where’s the fun in that? Then
they start retaliating and we may have to blow up this planet as well.
Really, wasting food is very ill-mannered. If your skinsuit feels tight,
try walking around a bit. That should loosen things up!

If you are having trouble moving your mouth, try moving your jaw up and
down! you will talk and sound like a human in no time! Getting used to
the voice and language might take some time, so remain silent for a day
or two, your voice should come in by then.

Blink! Humans always close their eyelids in short intervals of time. Do
it manually for a long time yourself, it will feel automatic,just like
it does for a human!

Always remember to not stay still for long periods of time! Move around!

If, under any circumstance, some members of homo sapiens seems to
recognize you or tear up by seeing you, or exhibit any form of
recognition at all by starting to cry, hugging you, telling you how much
they missed you and how they thought you were dead, terminate the
subject immediately.

Now comes the best part: consuming them! Be sure to leave their skins on
the ground; The {^{£! will take care of them and distribute them further
accordingly.

Move away from the area you got the skinsuits immediatley. Homo sapien
members who know this subject may start to recognize you. If, for some
reason you cannot escape in time and find yourself in a situation as
said in Number 4, repeat the steps accordingly.

If under any circumstances you feel threatened by any Homo sapien,
terminate immediatley. No inquires will be initiated for the murder of
any sapien on earth.

Along with the skinsuits, you must’ve also gotten a few documents. They
are important and not to be consumed. They include and are not limited
to;
1)A driver’s license- Neccessary for locomotion around the planet. Not
really a must- But it’s useful. Leaving too many skins is just messy.
2)An ID Card- Something that solidifies the identity of the human. This
is imperative. Protect it at all costs. If you do get found out, It is
considered a situation in which number six must be initiated.

And finally, enjoy your stay! We wish you all a very good time on this
planet earth!
