Help: I accidentally impregnated my friends soda bottle and they got
pregnant

Okay. I know how that sounds. “That’s not how biology works” yeah of
course it’s not. At least that’s what I thought. But somehow I’m still
the father and the two pink lines are still on the test.

A couple weeks ago, I was chilling with some friends outside and one
(we’ll call her H even though she’s not too important) was handing a
soda to another friend. We tossed it around having a good time and this
friend (we’ll call her L) had a boyfriend (M). She caught the soda and
made a couple jokes and that was it. M started pouring the soda into
holes in the ground (it was just aerated) and I wanted it so i told him
i’ll take the soda. He handed it over and i drank some. Listen. I will
swear on my life. on my moms life. I waterfalled every time. Because L
had drinken out of it and L has a tendency to carry mono. So i was very
careful. Anyway I drank most of it and handed it back to her at the end.
All fun and games.

She apparently found out she was pregnant. 6 weeks pregnant. She was
freaking out apparently because she had never done the deed. Still had a
major V-card. I asked M and he agreed. So we were all a little confused.
She decided to go in and get a prenatal paternity test. I didn’t know
they existed. I thought they would tell L it was a false positive. But
no. I got a call the very next day. Yesterday. That i was the father.
I’m not even sure how they have my DNA on the system but apparently they
do. And i have a kid now.

I do not know how it could’ve happened. Until I found the soda bottle in
Ms car as he was driving me somewhere. Of course it was awkward. I was
the father of his girlfriend’s baby. But i blew my tires so my cars out
and i had this important meeting. Anyway, i saw the bottle and it was a
stupid thought for sure. But it was a thought i thought. “The only
contact I could’ve had with her was this bottle”. So i hid the bottle
and took it to the hospital to get tested. Stupid i know but when your
desperate, your DESPERATE. And the convincing just grew overnight.

I get to the hospital and they test the bottle. I had to beg. They
looked at me like i was crazy but caved in just to get rid of me. A
screaming man. Gosh. I wasn’t even convinced 100% but anything man. I
didn’t knock L up. I didn’t know what i expected them to find, but it
wasn’t this. The bottle was impregnated too. WHAT ON EARTH?? FOR THE
LOVE OF EVERYTHING GOOD AND HOLY i don’t know how to explain it guys. If
you want pictures dm me and I’ll send. but the bottle was impregnated
and had apparently transferred the fertilized egg to L. I don’t know how
i did that. I’m a little impressed not going to lie.

I don’t know what to do guys. Like I genuinely am so confused. I can’t
sleep at night. I told M and he got sent to a mental ward because he
went crazy. I might admit myself. Please help 🙏
