First time posting. Thought a long time whether I would post or not so
here I am. English is not my first language so I apologize in advance.
Also it may get a bit long

I am an atheist, I think so. I do not believe in ghosts or paranormal,
but I encountered a lot of things I cannot really explain and I am not
sure what to think about it. It often makes my brain go into overheating
mode, so I don’t really think about it trying to forget.

Like often in those stories there were strange things I saw or heard
when I was younger, but it was many years ago, so I blame it on
kids/teenager imagination.

When I was in my early twenties my parents moved to a new house they
built in the same city we lived before. It was quite big 2 storey house
with a garden. In the ground floor there was open kitchen with living
room, technical room, garage, storage room/office. Bathroom with our
bedrooms and bathrooms upstairs. No attic-flat roof, no basement, no
crawl space. I attended university that was 15 minutes by walk from new
house so I lived with my parents at the time. I was confident that some
of previous encounters will not “follow” and happily lived with no fear
for some time. We had at that time small highly reactive dog that we
loved with all our hearts, let’s make him Luka.

My parents and younger sister were usually out during the day (work and
school), so I took care of cooking at the time and I was home alone a
lot during the day.

Sometimes I heard noises from storage room in the front of the house, I
often thought it was the dog, but one time I saw him running upstairs
and then heard some noises from storage room. I checked it,thinking that
maybe my sister was back (every time anyone was getting in the house or
dog would first bark so loud you could loose hearing and then wail even
louder of pure happiness). There was nothing in the room. When I resumed
cooking, I heard it again. It was noise like somebody would move carton
boxes around, digging inside, just moving things around. My brave dog
remained upstairs and would not come down to support me when I came to
get him. One day I called my friend asking if she hears the sound or am
I going crazy. She heard it through speaker. We talked until somebody
got back home.

It was a little creepy, but it was not so bad. It happened from time to
time. Sometimes it was downstairs always in another room, sometimes it
was upstairs, just walking. I did not really like it when it was walking
down the stairs- you cannot see stairs from kitchen. I was often
blasting music to be peacefully unaware. It could not have been a rat or
mouse, it was new house and it would be impossible for it to get in. If
it got in-my dog would be going after it like crazy, Luka loved chasing
things/animals and any noise outside or inside caused him to chase/look
for the source.

Then one weekend my parents went during a day grocery shopping, I do not
remember where my sister went, but I was alone with my brave dog again.
I had to learn for some exams so I was in my room upstairs-it overlooked
the street below.

At some point I heard my parents in the kitchen moving staff around,
loudly moving pans and staff in kitchen- we never agreed on kitchen
equipment placement so they often moved around stuff I placed. I went
downstairs to help them unpack but there was nobody there. Just silence.
I went back upstairs and looked through the window and there was no car.
I was a bit confused, but decided maybe somebody came back for something
and got out really fast while I was going down.

Some time passed and my dog bolted through my doors. Then I heard again
noise downstairs. There was no car outside when I looked through the
window. I called my parents on the phone but they were still shopping.

So I quietly closed the door to my bedroom and sat at my desk. I tried
to not focus on anything going on downstairs. I heard somebody moving in
the kitchen-opening and closing closets, moving pans and pots, closing
doors downstairs, walking. I was paralysed. I sat at my desk with my
back to the doors to my room, my dog curled in the corner. I tried to
not make any noise, my breathing sounded so loud, but I could not do
anything about it.

It was light, so nothing would happen, right?

It wasn’t a minute or two, it was much longer time and the noises
downstairs were still happening. Then I heard steps on the staircase.
Going up, then walking alongside corridor. The steps closed in, then
went by. Then went back when they reached the end of corridor. Then went
back again, this time they stopped in front of my door and there was
knocking. I sat looking outside the window not moving, my hands grabbing
edge of the table.

Then the walking continued going down the stairs, probably walking
around downstairs, then going back up and every time it passed my doors,
it stopped and knocked. It continued for no idea how long. Next day my
muscles were sore from constant tension.

At some point it started to get dark, light switch was on my left side
1-2m behind me. Without looking back I rolled my chair, switched the
light on and went back to table, never looking back. In my head I was
saying at some point “go away go away go away”-no luck with it
disappearing.

Then I heard my parents arriving. They had old car that I could hear
from afar. I heard them exiting the car. The steps still continued. The
moment my parents opened our doors-everything stopped.

I didn’t go down immediately, my body still felt paralysed from fear.
When I did- there was nothing in the corridor or downstairs that
suggested there was anybody in the house. My parents were upset that I
closed Luka in my room so when they entered the house nobody greeted
them, they only heard him wailing happily upstairs.

They never believed me before, so I did not tell them, I also did not
want to scare them unnecessarily, since nothing bothered them before.

I have no idea how to explain what happened. I was not asleep, I was on
alert since I had to learn. It was bright day, I was not on any meds or
alcohol. Believe me I wish it was otherwise. There was no way somebody
would be able to make quick exit through any of the doors without a lot
of noise (we have plants on all the windows that open inward), also the
window would remain opened.

No idea what it was, all I know is that at some point few years before I
went to psychologist to check if I had any undiagnosed mental illness,
that was my only explanation for what was happening. Also psychiatrist
after many examinations rolls me there was nothing.

Carbon monoxide is the only other answer, but we always had detectors
that never indicated anything wrong.

It is my only experience that I cannot really blame on teenager or child
imagination, that I cannot explain in any possible way
