It knocked on my door three times at eleven o’clock on Halloween night,
promptly. Not a second sooner or later.

I didn’t sleep today, didn’t eat, didn’t move from my perch. I knew that
if I missed this single opportunity there’d be no do-overs. There was no
coming back from what fate no doubt awaited me like so many others.

Two years ago it had been the Marshes who made the mistake. “Old
superstition.” They called it. No decorations, not even a single
jack-o-lantern adorned their home that year. But when it came knocking?
Well, they say that there wasn’t quite enough of them left for a proper
burial.

Before that, it had been a couple of brothers three blocks over. I never
did learn their names. Their family was new, we tried to warn them. But
the kids didn’t listen, the kids never listened - not until it was too
late. They’d found their bodies out in the cornfields, strung up like a
couple of scarecrows.

I could go on. But to be frank, the deal is this: in my town, if you
don’t observe the holiday, don’t celebrate, don’t dress up, hell if
there’s not a single decoration on your house - it’s a death sentence.
It’s been that way since my father was little, and his father before
him.

No one’s quite sure what does it. Those few that fled or lived to tell
the tale of encountering “it” say it always announces itself with three
knocks. It’s polite that way, announcing its grand entrance before it
tears you apart - I suppose it’s common courtesy. Answer, or don’t, I
don’t think it really matters - whatever is on the other end of that
door is coming for you.

So why am I sitting here you ask? Shotgun at my side, easy chair pulled
up right in front of the door? That’s because of Ruby. See, Ruby is my
daughter. She was a damn good kid, and an even better woman. That’s why
I got her out of this shithole of a town the second I could. I thought
she’d be safe…

Her new boyfriend was a staunch Christian, the type who called Halloween
the devil’s night. It was the first year Ruby didn’t decorate, but three
states over surely she would have been safe. Surely she’d survive the
night.

They found her and her boyfriend hung like decorations in their front
yard. And frankly, that’s what they were mistaken for - at least until
the stench became too foul.

Ruby was the last kin I have - my folks are dead, my wife’s dead, no
siblings. This damned… Thing took the last thing I had left to lose.

So instead of sitting in fear, I sit here and load my shotgun. I hold
out my trembling hand, and wordlessly open the door to greet whatever
waits for me on the other side…

I smile as I stare death in the face, and without hesitation I fire.
