Locked away in my study, I sit in front of my typewriter with a lit
cigarette in hand. The page in its carriage comfortably rests, as it has
for a year. A blank canvas turns into a mocking reminder of my
incompetence. I glance to the side, my eyes trailing over the empty
bookcase I plan on filling with my stories. Instead, it holds bottles of
whiskey, a box of shells, my zippo lighter, and the double-barreled
shotgun that Pops gave me as a housewarming gift.

I stand up and walk across the creaky floor as I step outside the room.
Met with a hallway, I tip-toe to the opposite end, passing another
corridor on the right, and quietly push the door open. My wife, Sandy,
lies asleep on our queen-sized mattress, wrapped in our quilt blanket
and snoring in her pink nightgown. Her black hair is haphazardly strewed
across her face as her eyelids flutter. Slowly closing the door, I head
back to the juncture and turn left. Passing the kitchen, I stop at my
son’s room before slowly cracking it open and peering inside. Where I
expect to see a young boy asleep in his bed, I’m instead met with an
indent in his bed and an open window.

My heart beats like a drum as I run over and stick my head outside,
catching a glimpse of a skinny white figure carrying my unconscious son
in his arms towards the woods.

“Duncan!” I scream out as my limbs spring to action. Lunging out the
window and breaking into a sprint, I try closing the distance, but it is
too late. The figure turns its head and flashes me a toothless red smile
as it slinks into the tree-line surrounding the property. A few seconds
later, I rush into the shrubs where it stood, but I’m only met with
sharp thorns and jabbing branches.

Over the next few weeks, we make as many posters as we can and scatter
them around town. Even the police get involved after enough pleading and
send search party after search party into the woods. It wasn’t until
yesterday that they found something. At least before, I held onto the
hope that my poor child had survived or gotten away, but his torn
clothes mixed into a pile of meat and bone sealed the deal. My son is
dead—an awful death—and it is my fault. If I am just a little faster, if
I don’t lose him in the woods, then maybe things are different.

“Honey, please, just be honest with me,” my wife begs as I sit on the
foot of our bed, her arms wrapped around my chest from behind. “I’m not
saying it’s your fault. I just want to know what happened that night.”

“For the hundredth time, something with pale white skin carries him into
the woods!” I speak through gritted teeth while pushing her arms off me.
She only moves closer, her warmth pressing against my back.

“I do, but… You had a lot to drink before I went to bed that night…” Her
timid voice slithers into my ears. My blood races.

“Oh my God! This again? I tell you that I have it under control, I’m not
like my father! I know what I saw and I’m telling you, no animal took
our son. It is a goddamn monster!” My words boom as I clench my fists. I
just can’t understand why no one believes me. It’s not like I’m crazy. I
see that thing turn around and smile with my own eyes.

“Don’t get mad! I didn’t say you lied, I just think—” There is a loud
knock on the front door.

“And who’s that at this hour? I told the police to leave us the fuck
alone already!” I storm out of the bedroom. My heavy steps make the
floor creak with every move as I walk down the main corridor and fling
open the front door. My heart drops as I see who stands on our porch,
their naked body covered in mud and loose leaves.

“Duncan!” My wife screams from behind as I hear her run down the
hallway. She pushes past me, dropping to embrace her lost child. Tears
stream down her face as she clenches him tight in her arms. I stand in
disbelief, not moving an inch, while she pulls him inside and closes the
door. I can’t believe my eyes. It is actually him. My son comes home
even after everything I saw.

We quickly take him to the bathroom and wash him in the tub, scrubbing
every inch before wrapping him in a towel. “I’m so happy you’re okay!”
My wife kisses his head at least a dozen times. After she is done, I put
my arms under his and lift him up with more difficulty than before—like
he gained weight while lost in the woods. I carry him to his room and
lay him on the bed.

“Can you tell us what happened out there? We were so worried!” My wife
says while kneeling on the ground to be eye level with him.

“I’m… Duncan…” He mutters in almost broken English, like it is his first
time saying those words.

“Yes, you are, honey. Do you remember us? I’m Mama,” she gestures to
herself, then to me. “And that’s Papa. We’re your parents.”

“Yes… Mama… Papa… I remember you.” Each word comes out slightly more
coherent than the last.

“Everything’s gonna be okay, honey. We’ll let you get some rest now. I
know you must be tired,” she says while standing up. Turning around, she
grabs my hand and leads me out of the room before closing the door
behind us.

Over the next week, Duncan slowly grows accustomed to living at home
again. It’s like he forgot everything he once knew, even simple things
such as how to open a door, hold a fork, or how to use the toilet. My
wife and I are alarmed at how much he forgets, so we call a physician to
the house. The doctor spends an hour in Duncan’s room testing his
reflexes and pupil dilation while asking him questions. After he is
done, he comes out and tells us that our son is in fine physical health
but has the worst case of amnesia he has ever seen. My wife weeps at the
news, but I just stand there with a blank expression on my face. It
makes little sense. He didn’t hit his head on anything while lost, so
where did his memories go?

The first sign comes the next day when I go to wake up Duncan. I push
his door open gently and peer inside. He is already sitting up in his
bed and holds a dozen white teeth in his hand. Slowly, he plucks one
with his other hand before bringing it to his mouth. The sound of
squelching meat quietly wafts through the room as he pushes it into his
gums, blood trickling down his arm. I slowly sneak away and head back to
my room before shaking my wife awake.

“Huh? What is it?” She groggily says as I pull her from our bed and into
the hallway. I quietly lead her to our son’s room, but by the time we
get there, he’s already standing up and changing clothes. Noticing us
watching him, Duncan looks me in the eye and flashes a wide smile. Every
tooth is in its right place.

“I know you’re still happy he’s back, but it’s early and I still want a
few more hours of sleep,” my wife says while walking back to our room. I
stay close behind her as I follow, waiting until we’re inside before
closing and locking the door behind us. I grab her hand and sit with her
on the bed.

“Sandy. There’s something wrong with Duncan. I don’t know how to explain
it, but I know that something happened in those woods.” I lock eyes with
her. “I wake you up because I see him putting his teeth back in his
mouth. It’s like they all fell out and he forces them back in. Plus,
there is the meat they found in the woods. They didn’t find any teeth in
it, did they?”

She recoils for a moment, then stands up. “Why do you have to keep
making things up about our son? First, you said some monster whisked him
away and now you’re saying that all his teeth are falling out? I just
saw him smile two minutes ago!” She says before storming out of the
room.

I lie back on the bed and look up at the ceiling. No, this can’t just be
in my head. Besides what I saw the night Duncan was taken, there is the
viscera in the woods, his abnormal weight, sudden amnesia, and now
missing teeth. I think and think, but the only thing I know is that I
will never convince my wife. She just doesn’t see it like I do. She
doesn’t know what I know. I’ll have to show her what Duncan really is.

Later that night, I sneaked out of bed after hearing Sandy snore. I
creep across the hallway and into my study. Slowly walking up to the
bookshelf, I grab my whiskey bottle, pop it open, take a hefty swig,
then snatch the shotgun and pocket a couple of shells. Leaving the room,
I creep towards my son’s door, shotgun in hand as I load two shells in
its chambers. Gently pushing the door open, I slink inside and raise the
gun. My son lies on his bed, facing away from me. Slowly moving to the
other side, I am greeted with his eyes already wide open. They stare
blankly down the barrel of my gun, then up at me.

“What are you?” I ask bluntly, holding the gun steady as I aim down the
sights at Duncan’s head. “Because you’re not my son.”

“Papa. What do you mean? I’m Duncan.” He sits up. “Don’t you recognize
me?”

“Shut the fuck up!” I scream while pushing the barrel’s tip against his
forehead and pulling back both hammers. “You can’t trick me anymore! I
know you’re not him!”

Duncan smiles from ear to ear and speaks calmly. “Why can’t you accept
I’m home and just be happy?”

“Because you’re not my son! He died in the woods three weeks ago!” I cry
as my finger pulls on the trigger, snapping the hammers down and
igniting the primers. Boom. A dozen pellets spew out from the barrel,
painting the wall with red pellets. Duncan’s body slumps over, blood
pooling where his head should be.

The door to the room suddenly bursts open as Sandy runs through it, only
to be met with me holding a gun over our son’s corpse. A blood-curdling
scream consumes the room as she runs over and holds his body. “What have
you done to my baby? You’re a fucking monster!” She cries while glaring
at me, her pink nightgown now partially a deep shade of red. Dropping
the gun, I put my hands on my head.

“But… he isn’t…” I mutter while backing up against the wall. This can’t
be, I am so sure. I didn’t just kill my child. It is a monster. It has
to be. Suddenly, a loud thud rings out as my wife falls to the ground.
Running over, I call her name as I check her pulse. Bum-bum, bum-bum.
“Thank God,” I whisper while carrying her out of the room. Down the
hallway and to the right, I place her on our bed. As I’m pulling the
blanket over her chest, I hear something down the hallway. Walking out
of the room, I hear it better—like the crunching of bones and squishing
of meat. No, there’s something else mixed in. Moving closer, I turn at
the juncture and creep up to my son’s door as the noise gets louder and
louder. I can finally tell what it is now—muffled laughter.

I watch from the door as Duncan’s body twitches and convulses, liquids
spewing from his neck as something drenched in a layer of meat and blood
pokes out of it. It has two eye sockets that house pitch-black eyes, a
hole where the nose should be, and a toothless smile that reaches from
ear to ear. It notices me in the doorway and croaks in a deep voice,
“Papa. Everything’s gonna be okay.”

I want to run, to do something, but I can’t. My body freezes as I watch
Duncan’s limbs extend, the skin ripping as it stretches like plastic
pulled too thin. By the time I gain control of my body again, the
monster has fully extended its limbs and stands beside the window,
wearing my son’s skin like clothes that don’t fit.

“What the fuck are you?” I scream at it while slamming the door shut.
Wood snaps from above as it shoves its head through the door, peering
down at me with its gummy smile.

Letting go of the door, I try to sprint down the hallway, but it breaks
through and grabs my leg. Falling to the ground, my head slams against
the wooden floor, cutting my forehead open. Vision escapes me as I look
back to see the creature standing over my body. The last thing I see
before blacking out is its abyssal eyes staring into mine.

When I gain consciousness, I am still on the ground between my son’s
room and the juncture. Clambering to my feet, I use the wall to help as
I hobble towards my bedroom. My whole body screams in pain, but I shove
the feeling down as I turn the corner. The door is closed—not how I left
it. I slam my fist on the door while screaming Sandy’s name. “Hold on,
honey. I’m changing!” The voice of my wife calls out from within.

“I don’t care. Open the door!” I scream as I throw my shoulder against
it, using my body weight to force it open. I stumble inside while
checking the bed for her. Where I hope to see my sleeping wife, there
are organs, chunks of meat, and snapped bones scattered about like the
dumped out contents of a drawer. On the other side of the bed stands the
creature with its body halfway inside a pile of flesh. It puts its feet
in first before pulling the skin to cover its body, like putting on a
jumpsuit. As it pulls the skin higher, its bones bend on each other,
folding to fit inside of its new shell.

“I love you, honey.” The creature speaks with the voice of my wife. It
fills me with so many emotions: anger, sadness, self-loathing, but in
that moment, I can’t help but laugh. I cackle louder than I have ever
before as I leave the room and hobble across the hallway to my study.
Stopping at the shelf, I grab the whiskey bottle and lighter, then turn
around. Leaving the room, I face the monster as it stands in the
opposite doorway. “Come back to bed. We can talk about this tomorrow,”
it says in her voice.

Slowly raising the bottle to my lips, I take a swig of whiskey before
putting the cap back on. I rear my arm and launch the bottle. It
shatters on impact, dousing the monster in a layer of liquor. Flicking
my lighter to life, I hold the flame in front of me before tossing it.
Within moments, fire consumes the hallway as the monster flails and
falls backwards. An ear-piercing bellow rings out and echoes in the
hallway, forcing me to cover my ears as I walk to the front door.
Pushing it open with my shoulder, I fall onto the ground outside just as
fire consumes the entire house. Watching while on my back, I weep as I
watch the life I love burn away.

A few hours later, emergency services arrive and put out the fire as
they haul me away in an ambulance. Police officers come to my room and
begin asking questions I don’t want to answer. They find bullet holes in
my son’s room, high amounts of liquor in my bloodstream, and the charred
remains of my wife on the bed. It doesn’t help that they don’t believe
my story. I can’t blame them. Who in their right mind would? It’s not
every day that a skin-stealing monster kills your whole family. That’s
why I am sentenced for the murder of my wife and kid. My appointed
lawyer argues for insanity instead, meaning the rest of my days will be
spent in an asylum rather than in prison. It doesn’t make a difference
to me. I am going to spend the rest of my days waiting to die either
way.

That is until I receive a visitor. The asylum staff tie me to my bed and
let him into the room as they leave, closing the door behind them. He
wears a doctor’s coat and carries himself with confidence as he walks
beside my bed. Looking down at me with soft blue eyes, he takes off his
hat and rests it on my chest. “Do you recognize me?”

“Never met you, so why are you here?” I bark back. He smiles.

“What a shame. I hope you do. I’ve grown so much and it’s all thanks to
you, Papa. Or should I say, honey?”

“It’s you?” I mutter in disbelief before violently struggling against my
restraints. “I’ll fucking kill you for what you did!” I scream. Workers
flood into my room. They hold me down and jab my arm with a needle while
I gnash my teeth at him. Sedatives quickly kick in, making my whole body
go numb. The last thing I see is his ear to ear smile as he looms over
me.
