All of this started with a dream. Well, I guess nightmare is a better
word for it. I’m used to having nightmares, usually I’m able to wake
myself out of them. Then shift my position in bed and go back to sleep
like nothing ever happened. But this wasn’t like the other nightmares.

The day this began wasn’t different than any other day. It was Saturday
and I had the day off. One of the perks of working in medicine, it
allowed me to have my weekends. A friend I’d known for a couple years,
Olivia, had moved into a new condo and invited me to come over to see
it. At this time in my life I didn’t have much going on. Solely focusing
on building my career and finishing my bachelors degree. No boyfriend,
only a few friends. It was honestly one of the most peaceful times of my
life. 

I took the 30 minute drive over to visit her. A pleasant drive, with
perfect weather. The route to her house involved a lot of backroads, and
I was simply enjoying life as I flew past crops and largely spaced out
houses. The smell of summer filled my nose, and the wind whipped around
me, tangling with the music blaring from the speakers. The plans were
simple: hang out around her place and just relax. After the way my week
had gone, I was more than ready for something lowkey. 

Before I knew it I reached her place. It took me a moment to find it.
Creekridge is a large neighborhood full of a combination of condos and
apartments. Not the best area, if I’m being honest. I managed to park as
close to her place as I could and saw her lounging in a chair on her
tiny porch. Though, porch might be a stretch, it was more of a cement
slab acting as a large step up to her front door. With barely enough
room for a couple chairs and a half dead plant. But who was I to judge
though, I still lived at home at the time.

I watched her as I turned off the car and stepped out. She lowered her
shades and let out a low whistle. “What’s a place like you doing in a
girl like this?” She could barely finish the sentence without letting
out a laugh. I rolled my eyes, walking up the sidewalk towards her.

She stood from her chair as I reached the step “It’s good to see you
Livs.” We both wrapped our arms around each other, embracing in a tight
hug. It had been a decent amount of time since we’d last hung out. Me
being too busy with finals, and her obviously working on moving. 

She released and took a small step back. Giving me a brief once over.
“I’m so glad you came! Derek’s just inside feeding the cat right now.
Come on in!” Her over extended thumb points back at the door.

“You’re still with Derek?” I raised an eyebrow, she hadn’t talked about
him in months. I had figured they’d broken up, again. This had been a
common pattern with them. She would text me gushing about him for
months, then suddenly she hates him and he’s the worst. This must have
been one of the good patches.

She pauses with her hand on the door. “Oh, yeah, it’s a long story.” She
waved it off dismissively and opened the door. I let out a sigh as I
followed her inside. The humidity outside already making me sweat. The
door closed behind me as I looked around. It was a decent sized condo.
Enough space for a living room, dining room and kitchen. Towards the
back was a set of stairs. I remembered her saying something about it
being a two bedroom, one bath. Again, not a bad find for someone on her
own. At that moment Derek walked into the room.

He noticed me and gave a quick wave. “Hey! It’s good to see ya Maddie!”
In his arms was Olivia’s beloved orange cat, Mango. She squirmed in his
arms, no doubt smelling the food he had set out for her.

I gave him a nod. “Hey, good to see ya too.” I looked around the space
again. “You guys all moved in?” I tried to make small talk. Ignoring the
uncomfortable energy that only appeared to be coming from me.

The rest of the time at the house isn’t really important. Derek
retreated upstairs to play video games at some point. Meanwhile, Olivia
and I laid on the couch watching reruns of our favorite shows. Talking
and laughing over the same dumb things we always talked about.

Before long the evening concluded and I was back home. I was exhausted
from the extended social interaction and wasted no time crawling into
bed. Within seconds I was passed out.

That’s when the nightmare started.

I was in some type of futuristic setting. Metal walls, no windows. It
felt more like a prison. I spent time walking around, trying to get a
feel of the space. It was furnished like an apartment, and I found
myself feeling right at home. With me in the dream were a couple of my
friends Jack, and Amy. It was almost like we had a different life. As if
we’d been here forever. 

Things changed when I walked past the bathroom. The door was wide open,
revealing a fairly standard full bath. But, when my eyes landed on the
sink, I saw that the faucet was dripping. Jack happened to be next to me
and I pointed it out to him. His face went white, body rigid. He quickly
grabbed my wrist and pulled me away from the bathroom. 

“What the hell?” Was all I could get out. We reached Amy in the main
area where everything seemed to connect together. Upon seeing us she
grew confused. 

“What’s going on?” Amy asked, eyes flitting between the two of us.

“The faucet is dripping, she’s here.” Jack tells her. I felt a pang of
fear rip through me as Amy’s eyes widened.

“Who’s here?” I asked, but neither of them answered the question.

Jack shoved me down by my shoulders until I was sitting. Amy sat in
front of me and Jack in front of her. “Cover your eyes. Don’t look at
her, and don’t make a sound, no matter what.” My hands flew to my face,
my eyes closed tightly behind them. I didn’t know what was happening,
but I followed the directions. Whatever was about to happen severely
freaked those two out. 

Everything got silent. I couldn’t even hear the humming of electronics
anymore. No one was talking. Until I heard a shuffling sound across the
room. It came from the direction of the bathroom. Without warning I felt
a presence to my left. As if someone was right beside me, staring at me.
I resisted the urge to look, Jack’s warning playing on repeat in my
mind.

Cover your eyes. Don’t look at her. Don’t make a sound.

I felt something wet run over my cheek. I suppressed the whimper that
built up in my throat. A shiver ripped through me as I felt the same
wetness on my toes. 

The fear was enough to eject me from the dream. I bolted up in bed. My
forearms supported my weight as my eyes darted around the room.
Everything began to look dangerous as my eyes struggled to adjust to the
dark. The nightmare was still fresh on my mind. My trembling hand came
up to my left cheek. I felt a patch of wetness that ran across my skin.
I looked at the end of my bed. My toes poking up under the comforter.
Slowly, I wiggled my toes, a vile feeling of liquid reducing the
friction between the appendages.

In that instant I threw the covers back and left my room. Deciding that
the couch sounded like a much safer place for me.

I don’t remember falling back asleep. I don’t even really remember if I
dreamt. What I do remember is her. Towering in height, and lanky. Black
hair fell down to her waist, wet and tangled. She had on a long sleeve
gray dress that fell down to her bare feet. Just as she turned to look
over her shoulder at me, the dream ended.

By the time morning came around I’d already gotten over the nightmare. I
figured I’d just been drooling on myself during the night, which
explained the liquid on my cheek. I blamed my wet toes on overheating. I
was having a nightmare, and I slept with a thick comforter. I was
convinced I had been sweating.

I wish I hadn’t called Olivia to talk about the dream. But I needed
someone to confirm my delusions. That it had been drool and sweat,
nothing else. I explained the dream to her in great detail. Starting
with the weird metal rooms, and the fact that something was there with
us.

She was silent for a little bit after I finished. “Was she wearing a
gray dress?” Her question caught me off guard.

“Yes?” I answered slowly, unsure where the conversation was heading.

“Long black hair?”

“Yeah.”

“Really long fingers?” My heart started racing.

“Yes. Ho-How did you know that?” My voice grew shaky and it was hard to
get my words out. I could feel my throat drying out, making it hard to
swallow.

She laughed. “Oh that’s just Miriam!” The laughter pissed me off. I was
scared for my life over here and she’s laughing?

“Who the fuck is Miriam?!” I yelled at her without meaning to. If Olivia
had any idea what was going on I needed an explanation immediately.

She lets out a deep sigh. “To be honest, I don’t exactly know what she
is, but she’s followed me around my whole life basically.” Her tone
remained calm, and I could hear her moving something around while she
talks. 

“Okay, so why the hell am I seeing her?”

“I don’t know, no one else has ever told me they’ve seen her, other than
Derek.”

“You talking ’bout Miriam?” I could hear Derek’s voice in the
background.

“Yeah! Maddie had a dream about her!” They both share a laugh. My blood
started boiling. My panic mixing with rage.

“Ohhhh she lick your toes too? I hate when she does that.” I felt like
ripping my hair out. What the hell are they even talking about? They
were being entirely too calm about this whole thing.

I started pacing around my bedroom. “You’re telling me this, this thing
latched on to me somehow?!” I was starting to sweat the more I moved
around. Growing worried that my heart was going to burst out of my
chest.

“Oh she’s harmless, I wouldn’t worry about it.” Olivia’s words did
little to soothe me. 

“The worst she’s done is start moving things around, I wouldn’t be too
worried.” Derek replied right after her, sounding much closer to the
phone now. I hung up on them after that, I didn’t want to hear anything
else they had to say.

That was five years ago. Miriam never left, though Olivia insisted that
she would. I stopped sleeping, opting for quick 2 hour naps whenever I
wasn’t at home. The lack of sleep caught up to me pretty quickly. I was
falling asleep at work, I couldn’t eat, school became less and less
important. 

At some point scratches started appearing on various parts of my body. I
started hearing the sound of wet shuffling throughout my house. My
parents never seemed to notice anything, which did nothing but make me
feel isolated. Eventually, there was the feeling of being watched. In
the living room, while cooking dinner, but mostly, while trying to fall
asleep. I felt like she would pop up at any moment and finally get me.

Recently the activity had stopped for the last couple of weeks. I
started to let my guard down. Stopped trying to listen for her
footsteps. And even fell asleep for longer than 2 hours for a few days.

I needed to write this down and warn someone. I don’t know what she is,
I don’t know why she’s here. She won’t leave me alone. Do Olivia and
Derek still see her? Are there others like her? Someone please help me
figure out what’s going on.

Because today, my bathroom faucet started leaking.
