To anybody not paying attention, the older man stretched out on the sun
lounger opposite me looked innocent enough. He appeared to be reading a
newspaper, oblivious to the youthful commotion mere yards away in the
hotel pool.

I was paying attention, though. I saw that whilst his head and his
sunglasses were lowered, his eyes were not. They peeped over the tops of
the cheap plastic frames, darting here and there as he watched the
children playing, sleek heads bobbing and diving like seals as they
shrieked and splashed.

He was watching the children, and I was watching him watch the children.

A small girl ran past him at one point, nearly brushing his bare toes.
She was as plump and shapeless as a sausage in her bright pink bathing
suit, and as sexless as one too, but he watched her with the avid
concentration of a man at a strip club. Moments after she had plunged
back into the pool, a voluptuous young woman of legal age walked past
him, all but spilling out of her bikini, but he spared her not one
glance.

He did not have a child in the pool to excuse his interest. Both he and
I had been there a long time, and I had seen many children come and go.
They frolicked in the water, returning every now and then to their base
camp where their parents plied them with drinks and snacks, and
reapplied sunscreen to wriggling limbs and screwed up faces. Eventually,
the children would be coaxed from the pool, bundled into towels, and
herded away, protesting and tired.

No children reported back to him during the course of the long
afternoon, and he progressed from pretending to read the newspaper to
pretending to do the crossword. He held a pencil in his damp, pudgy
hand, and, when he remembered, made some no doubt nonsensical mark upon
the page spread on his lap. His flabby jowls rested against his breast
like a collapsed jellyfish, quivering when he could no longer contain
his emotions.

All of the children left eventually, sleepy but reluctant, going to
dinner, a bath, and bedtime, leaving the pool mostly empty. A lone man
took advantage of the newly freed space, swimming vigorous laps of the
pool with grunts of effort, and a couple of older women lurked in the
water at the edge, talking with hushed intensity, a couple of cocktails
perched on the tiles just within reach.

I relaxed a little then. I had originally intended to sleep in the
drowsy heat of the afternoon, swim a little, then retire with my own
cocktails, but the man on the lounger opposite with his prop newspaper
had ruined it for me.

Now that the pool was devoid of children, I was once again considering
retiring to the bar for pre dinner drinks when the girl entered from the
narrow path beside the hotel, towel clutched in her fist. She scanned
the pool area, and apparently satisfied with the setup she tossed her
towel onto a nearby sun lounger.

She was tall, but wore the height with the awkwardness of a child
undergoing a sudden growth spurt. Her legs and arms were long and bony
and clumsy, poking out of the modest two-piece swimsuit she wore. She
had a rash of florid sunburn on the points of her bony shoulders, and a
matching flush spread like wings under her eyes and across her cheeks.
The tip of her nose was just as rosy, and already peeling.

Despite her height, nobody could mistake her for an adult. She was
caught on the clumsy cusp of puberty, self conscious as she slipped out
of her flip flops and approached the pool.

She hesitated for a moment on the edge, long toes curled over the tiles,
then launched herself forward into a clean dive that barely made a
splash.

The two older woman still deep in gossip made a light-hearted fuss of
the small splash she did make, laughing as they brushed the few drops of
water from their hair, and returned to their chatter and their drinks as
if the girl had never interrupted.

The girl swam with long, easy sweeps, covering yards with one span of
her arms. She dipped her head like a mermaid, the illusion only
shattered by the splutter of snot she expelled on resurfacing.

I did admire her form. She was evidently an accomplished swimmer,
completing a lap with an ease that suggested she could swim forever. 

The man on the lounger opposite seemed to admire her for a different
reason. 

His pencil hovered over the page of his newspaper, the pretense of being
absorbed in the crossword long forgotten. His sunglasses had slipped
down his nose, and his piggy eyes were unmistakably fixed on the child
in the pool, glued to the stretch and spread of her legs.

At some point, she switched from a breaststroke to a crawl, pointed
elbows spiking through the surface of the water, gulping air with each
turn of her head. The man had his newspaper tented over his lap, a
gesture that made me want to stuff the coarse paper and newsprint down
his throat until he choked on it.

Finally, after many skilful laps, the girl slowed to a stop beside the
steps at the shallow end of the pool. She climbed out, apparently self
conscious again now out of the water, and scurried over to her abandoned
towel and flip flops.

She wrapped the towel around her under her arms, tucking a corner in,
and made her way quickly towards the path alongside the hotel from which
she had first come.

My obscene companion folded his newspaper and stood up. After an
eternity of watching mere babies and prepubescent children patronise the
pool that day, it appeared he had either grown weary, or had decided to
take action.

I saw him in his full glory for the first time as he pushed his
sunglasses back up his nose, and pushed his bucket hat back from a
gleaming bald pate to wipe the sweat from it with the back of his hand.

The shirt he wore was bursting at the seams, chest hair sprouting
between the straining buttons, and his cargo shorts nipped a false waist
beneath the rounded bulge of his belly.

He shoved knuckly feet into a pair of Adidas slides. His toenails were
long and jagged and yellow.

It may seem strange, but the sight of his feet above all else made me
more disgusted than anything else about him at that moment.

People are entitled to be imperfect. No cellulite or fat rolls or
stretch marks or varicose veins had ever repulsed me about a person.
They were scars from a battle won against age and a lifetime of
experiences.

But seeing this man with his long, sloping gut  peeking from beneath his
loud, stained shirt, and seeing the gnarled toes with their fungal nails
poking from his slides, made me hate him all the more.

I followed him. I didn’t take any special precautions. I didn’t care if
he saw me.

I was slightly surprised that he hadn’t noticed me all afternoon, but
then he had been preoccupied. 

I didn’t know what I would do to him once I caught him. It didn’t
matter. All I was concerned with was getting to him before he got to the
girl that had been swimming laps.

The path by the hotel was narrow, with the building to one side and a
high hedge to the other. It was straight for the most part, but with a
sharp bend that obscured the man from my sight once he had gone around
it.

I’d been listening to the slushy, shuffle-slap of his rubber slides as I
tracked him, but once he rounded that blind corner the sound of his
shoes changed.

The sound stuttered a little. Then stopped. Then one of his slides shot
out from around that corner and embedded itself into the neatly groomed
hedge to my right.

Fearing the worst, I ran. I rounded the corner with one fist raised
ready. But there was no need for either of my fists, apparently.

The girl from the pool had the clumsy predator in a headlock. His legs
were spread out behind him in a crooked V, one foot bare.

I had noted how long the girls arms and legs were when she’d been
swimming, but now they were even longer. Her left arm was around his
throat, strangling his neck in the fold of her elbow, but the hand of
that same arm hovered somewhere beneath his right ear, brushing the
lobe.

Her legs were around him too, impossibly bent in a way that no normal
leg should bend.

She looked up as I stumbled onto the scene.  His hat lay on the floor,
shoved to the side beside the base of the hedge, and her right hand was
caressing the shiny crown of his head with impossibly long fingers.

I stayed very still. Whatever this girl was doing, I did not want to
interfere with.

The girl pondered me, drumming those long, long fingers against the
shiny pate like an influencer doing an ASMR video. The force behind the
tapping seemed slight, but her fingertips left visible marks on the
skin.

I found my voice.

“If you need help, I can help,” I said. “Or would you prefer I left?”

She regarded me with suspicion, eyes narrowing.

She relaxed the looping arm from around her would-be attacker’s throat,
and I watched his mouth open and close, like a fish, frantically gulping
in air.

Then I saw her tighten her muscles again, a casual flex, and the gulping
stopped.

It was a show for me. A demonstration. It took no effort at all for her
to stifle his breathing. He was helpless.

The message was clear: She did not need my help.

“I’ll leave,” I said. “Sorry to interrupt.”

I took one step backwards, but was stopped when she shot one leg out and
hooked a foot behind my ankle. The action would have been unimpressive
if it weren’t for the fact that I was standing a couple of yards away
from her.

She took the hand that had been stroking the bald head and curled one
finger in a beckoning gesture. The finger she displayed seemed to have
more than the usual amount of knuckles.

I stepped towards her. I could not ignore the command behind the
summons. Her outstretched foot herded me in, an obedient little sheep.

Somewhere in another universe I was aware that my heart was pounding and
my legs shaking. When her hand slipped around the back of my neck I felt
as if my soul had left my body and was floating away to safety, leaving
the meat suit I inhabited to its fate.

She elongated her neck as I shuffled forwards. The sunburn on her face
and shoulders had spread, covering her face and neck and blooming
downwards onto her chest. It pulsed, shivering in spasms over her skin
in a way that put me in mind of an octopus changing colours.

Once in her vicinity I remained absolutely still, allowing her to
examine me in the hope she would realise I posed no threat to her. The
man she held in her sinuous embrace was not forgotten: She allowed him a
few sips of air, cut off before he could gain any strength from them.

She sniffed me. Her nose was damp and hot, and traced a gradual path
from my jaw to my temple.

She huffed out something that might have been breath, but smelled like
saltwater and sulphur. She released me, gently pushing me away, and I
staggered back. She smiled.

“I’ll go,” I said, this time not a statement but a plea. 

She nodded, and her smile widened. Her teeth weren’t any sharper or
bigger than any other girls of her apparent age, but were somehow more
threatening. Something about the spacing.

She turned her attention back to her victim. The hand she had used to
restrain me retreated to scuttle over the bald head she held close to
her chin.

Her pointed fingers tapped and tapped and tapped at the crown of his
head. In a child, the skull would be soft at the top. There would be a
gap where her fingers pitter-pattered: The fontanelle. A grown man’s
skull was solid, but I didn’t think that barrier would be any problem
for her.

She put her first two fingers together, stabbing them straight down in a
sudden motion that made me turn away.

I had managed to avoid seeing what she did, but I couldn’t avoid hearing
it. It was a sound I could never forget. Solid and soft at the same
time.

I started to walk away. I wanted to run but my feet wouldn’t obey.

Before I reached the end of the path I chanced a glance over my
shoulder, just in time to see her slither backwards into the hedge,
dragging her prey behind her with an awful elegance. The last I saw of
him was the purple sole of one fleshy foot and the scuffed rubber sole
of his remaining slide. His toenails made a scraping sound on the
concrete.

The pool had refilled again, this time with adults clutching drinks and
flirting and chatting. I felt like a weight had lifted from me. There
was music, strident beats making people dance on the tiles beside the
pool.

At some point, the sun had started to set, and cast a rosy glow over the
pool.

I ordered a drink and retired to the lounger I had inhabited all
afternoon.

As I sipped, I noticed a young man swim towards a tanned young woman in
a string bikini. She had a mane of thick, blonde hair that drifted like
seaweed in the water.

The young man pressed himself against her, leaning forward to say
something into the reluctant shell of her ear. She pushed him away, and
he kicked his way back to her again, curling one arm around her
possessively. He had her blocked against the side of the pool, and for
one moment I worried for her safety, but then her eyes met mine and she
smiled. Her teeth were white and neat but somehow too far apart, and
when she curled one lazy arm around his neck she seemed to have too many
elbows.

I smiled back and raised my drink to her.
