Original Post

I’ll link the original post for those who didn’t see it. But take this
as your one and only warning to those looking for answers about this…
Thing.

I’ve seen what knocks three times - and you should pray you never do.

Reading that last man’s testimony has left me with a fresh bout with
PTSD. I thought I’d finally shut that awful memory out forever - it was
a dream they told me. But I know the truth, in fact, I may be the only
one who does.

When I was seventeen, I hated Halloween with all my heart. But to my
parents? It wasn’t even a holiday, it was a religion. You know the house
we lived in - the kind of place everyone flocks too. The one with the
jumbo-sized candy bars and the makeshift haunted house.

Every year, they made me dress in some themed costume, put on a smile,
and play along. But when I got older I noticed the same things everyone
in my hometown did. The adults didn’t celebrate Halloween because they
enjoyed it - it was almost like they were afraid of it.

My dad kept a hunting rifle by the door every year and gave me one rule
to live by: “No one leaves the house until 11pm.”

But, in the nicest way possible, I was a little shit. One year away from
graduating and frankly, tired of listening to what they had to say. So
that Halloween, I inexplicably came down with a bad case of pneumonia.
The truth was, I was going out into the woods by my house to get high as
fuck with my friends.

I don’t know if my parents were gullible, or just wanted to believe I’d
follow their rules. But they bought it, hook, line, and sinker. So my
buddy Jamie picked me up and we met the rest of our “crew” in the
spookiest place we could think of:

The oldest cemetary in town - where the letters were so old you couldn’t
read the graves.

The first few hours were wholly uneventful. And eventually - like all
good parties, everyone wandered off to do their own thing. But this
story isn’t about what happened to the others -

It’s about what happened to Jamie.

We were the last duo left and to this day I don’t know how baked Jamie
was. But he suddenly stood up and asked a question that started my worst
nightmare: “Do you know why they all really want us to celebrate?”

I watched him kick some underbrush from a nearby grave and tap it with a
single foot: “My older brother says it’s this place… Something about
it,” Needless to say that warned the biggest eye roll I could muster.
“Said bodies weren’t the only thing buried here… But it was long before
the town.”

“You’re full of shit.”

“I am not!” Jamie replied haughtily. “You remember last year? When they
found Bobby?”

Bobby was our classmate, a new kid from some big city like LA. I didn’t
know him well, but I knew well enough what happened. His parents had
been Jahovah’s Witnesses or something. Didn’t believe in Halloween was
the point.

They’d never found his parents - but their blood had covered the
majority of their living room. Bobby on the other hand? Well, they’d
found his head impaled on a cross out here.

It took me a minute to realize the cross atop the grave he’d uncovered
now. I’m ashamed to say I laughed: “Dude, that’s so not cool,” I told
him as he whipped his shoe off against the grave. “What are you doing?”

“I’m thinking…” He clicked his tongue. “What if it’s buried here?”

That’s when I should have stopped the whole thing right there. But, we
were young, invincible… Stupid. He went back to his truck, and returned
with two shovels. And yes… We dug. We dug until my arms ached and I
almost thought that grave was nothing more than a marker.

But eventually, our shovels hit something… Not a casket like you might
imagine. But instead… A door. It didn’t look like anything special -
just an old, rotted door, frame included. But if you dig deep into the
Earth and find something like that? Well… That’s the point where the
functioning part of my brain said enough was enough.

“Dare you to open it.” Jamie teased.

My answer was a simple: “No thanks.”

But Jamie always had balls of steel. Without a single thought, he
crouched down, turned the handle and opened it to… More dirt. He
laughed, I relaxed… And frankly, that should have been it. I used to
tell myself that was it, after all.

He closed the door and we began to fill the hole back in. Contemplating
whether our folks would have any leftover candy. Neither of us had
noticed it was eleven o’clock already until we heard it coming from that
patch of Earth.

KNOCK. KNOCK. KNOCK.

Our eyes met each other’s and we no doubt had the same thought: “There’s
no way.” But Jamie? I don’t know guys, it was like he was drawn to the
damn thing. He walked back to that grave and took one look down.

Then all hell broke loose.

The first thing I remember was his scream as the Earth opened up. It’s
the best way I can describe it, it opened up like a gaping mouth that
swallowed him slowly. I found my courage then, running to grab onto my
friend’s hands for dear life.

I pulled, and I pulled, but whatever had hold of him was stronger than
anything I could imagine… “Please don’t let me die, Dean. Please!”

From behind him, that’s where I saw IT. To describe what had hold of him
is near impossible I figure. Looking into it was like staring into the
void - there was a sense of dread unlike anything I’d ever seen.

But its smile… Those rotted, maggot filled teeth. When I tell you those
will haunt my nightmares as long as I live, I wish I were exaggerating.

It was the last thing I saw before Jamie was gone. Leaving me standing
there, one dripping severed arm in each of my hands and staring into a
large hole…

At a closed door.

That’s how they found me the next morning. Babbling incoherently and
screaming like a lunatic if you believe my father. Three mental
institutions and a lifetime of therapy later I thought I’d been cured.
That I’d forgotten everything I told you.

Jamie had just run away.

But you won’t listen to me, will you? I reckon no one ever will. They’ll
lock me up again, say I’ve lost my mind. Because whatever it is? They
don’t want the truth to get out. They want this, dammit. That much I’m
sure of.

Maybe I was better not remembering, but someone had to know. This isn’t
some cute little story on the internet… No local urban legend. The thing
that knocks three times is very real…

But pray you never meet it.
