I could not tell you the last time I’ve seen natural or even artificial
light.

I could not tell you the last time I’ve felt a surface that wasn’t musty
concrete.

To be honest, if my eyes were to even graze what could be considered my
reflection, I wouldn’t be sure if it was the face I was once so familiar
with.

***I know that I used to be filled with passion and purpose, that I had
love in my life, that I had friends, and family, but long forgotten have
I felt the once natural feeling of the muscles in my face construing
into what was once a smile.

*THUD* *THUD* *THUD*

But this sound I am familiar of*. Soon I’ll hear the creaking of the
door, and the ear ringing scrape of a metal sheet slide in my general
area. I only hope it’s close enough to the wall for me to actually reach
this time. I reach out into the dark, crawling on the floor feeling for
anything my fingers can touch that isn’t cement. I can barely feel the
tin on my fingertips, I’m so close, and I need this so bad. I can feel
my hip getting moist from the excrement that I have to leave in my
corner. But I know that sustenance is right there. Another day to be
alive, but for what. Wouldn’t it just be easier to die? Why do I cling
on to life when it would be so much easier to just close my eyes and let
fate carry my consciousness away to a place beyond my understanding. Why
do I want to go on living, why?

On the last day of 8th grade, my friends and I spent our entire lunch
period discussing what a “kick ass” summer we had planned before we were
going to be inevitably split up to go to whichever highschool our
district seemed fit for us. This was our last chance to send off a final
hoorah into the last 3 years of middle school together, before we would
be introduced into new cliques, hit puberty, and essentially start to
learn what type of people we were going to become as we went through the
more intense years of teenage development. For me however, it was my
last chance to try and make a connection stronger than friendship with
the one who first caught my eye, Hannah Bailey.

My family had first moved to this city in 6th grade, which left me
heartbroken to leave all my past friends from elementary school behind.
I’m sure I wasn’t the only student new to this whole dichotomy, but to
hear all of my peers, excited to see their friends from their respective
elementary schools, left me with a feeling of alienation, to which I
couldn’t distance myself from. I was always a quiet kid until you got to
know me, and the idea of making the first move to make friends, was a
scarier thought to me than if I had just endured a 6th grade life of
solidarity and kept to myself. It wasn’t until the last period of the
first day that someone who wasn’t an adult in charge of keeping us in
line, actually spoke to me.

I sat at the same table I had been at all day, all to myself, while
those around me had spent most of the day learning each others friends
from previous times well spent in former years. The disembodied voices
were eventually broken by the *BANG* of a large binder slammed down on
the table across from me. Quickly taking a seat without even announcing
themselves, an energetic girl with dirty blonde curly hair sat down
right away in front of me. I had only used my voice all day to answer
when teachers called upon me, so my breath was without practice, trying
to find any way to rationally respond to this sudden action from this
strange girl.

“Hi, Im Hannah”, she spoke with a hand outstretched. I stared blankly,
unsure of the sincerity of the sudden introduction. I felt my heartbeat
catch a pace that my head was unwilling to match. Even at my old school,
girls didn’t care much to be associated with me. I had my group of guy
friends who I had become accustomed with in the early years, and stuck
through until my move.

“Hi, Hannah, I’m uh, Max.”

“Max like Maxwell? Do you prefer Max or Maxwell?”

“Actually, it’s Maximilian, so I prefer Max”

I let out a slight embarrassing laugh. It was a statement I had made
plenty of times over my life, but never to a girl who seemed genuinely
interested.

“Wow, Maximilian? I thought that was just a made up name for like,
movies, and Yu-Gi-Oh?”

“Ya know, I’ve gotten the movies one a few times, but never the Yu-Gi-Oh
one. I know who you’re talking about though”

I let out another small laugh, not out of embarrassment this time, but
truly out of relativity. Other than my best friend in 3rd grade, Dakota
Marsh, no one had ever made that connection between my first name and
the character from that kids show.

“What elementary school did you go to?” she asked with a gleam of pure
curiosity. I wasn’t entirely sure how to answer. Although I was new to
the state and city, not even a single one of my teachers had asked
throughout the whole first day.

“I actually just moved here from Washington.” I let out. “I don’t really
know anyone here, so I’m just trying to get by and kind of blend in.”

“Oh, well, I’ve lived here my whole life. I can introduce you to my
friends if you like?”

I felt a sudden thud of my heartbeat. It was hard enough to memorize
pairing one face with a name, but a whole group of them? I suppose in a
way I had an in with Hannah, but what if they didn’t like me? I like to
think that I have a good sense of humor, in my own introverted sense of
way, but if they reject me in their group, would that also mean that I
wouldn’t be able to still be friends with Hannah?

I paused for a moment, just staring blankly into her green eyes.

“Um, yeah, yeah, I would love that. I’ve found it kind of hard to make
friends when I don’t really know anybody”

“Awesome!” she quickly responded. “Class is about to start, but tomorrow
morning before the bell rings, meet me on the upper part of the
courtyard, near the tree, that’s where we like to hang out before
school.”

I smiled and assured her I’ll make it in time. She decided to sit there
across from me for the rest of class. Anytime the teacher would make an
extremely outdated joke about the content of what she was teaching us,
Hannah would look over to me with this “Can you believe this” kind of
look.

Meeting her friends the next day went a lot easier than I was
anticipating. We actually shared more common interests than I expected.
We liked the same video games, cartoon shows, and surprisingly,
swimming. I had always loved the water, growing up on the coast of
Washington, Ruby Beach was where we would spend most of the time during
the summer. I was taught to swim at a young age, mostly because my
mother really loved the beach, and insisted I wouldn’t truly be her son
if I didn’t share the love for it as well. Jokingly, sure, but there was
something about the serene tranquility of silence and waves crashing
against the shore that I do think brought peace to her through the years
of raising an absolute mommas boy as a single mom.

The next few years of middle school went a lot better than I could have
imagined. I actually had friends, primarily just those I met that
fateful day in the courtyard, but I was never one who wanted much, just
enough to keep me from being the quiet kid who would have had rumors
made about him from time spent in so much solidarity. I grew to truly
feel like one in this group, and it was all because of Hannah.

Towards the end of 7th grade, a friend in the group, Anthony, pulled me
aside in the courtyard during lunch period. Anthony was always the
friend who I felt most connected to, we essentially had the exact same
sense of humor, style for clothing, and as cheesy as it sounds, would
know exactly what the other one was thinking. I often thought how lucky
I was to have met Hannah, if only to introduce me to a great mind like
Anthony.

“I think I’m gonna do it.” He said to me, looking away towards the main
group of other kids, gathered in their cliques in the courtyard.

“I have no clue in hell what you could be possibly talking about, man.
Do what? Gonna try Dark Souls? That game is really hard. I’m not sure
you got it in you.”

He continued to just stare off into the crowd.

“I’m gonna ask her to be my girlfriend.”

“Ask who? We don’t really talk to girls, and this is the first I’m
hearing of you even like liking someone.”

“Hannah, dude. She’s perfect. And she, like, gets us, ya know. Like, I
feel like she feels the same way. I think if I don’t go for it, then
what’s the point?”

“I think just having a friend who gets you?” I abruptly responded. “Not
everything has to be, like, going out, or just like, wanting more than
friends, ya know?”

He still hadn’t faced me. We both just stood there while the crowds of
various friends gathered in the courtyard shared timing on a joke that
someone huddled in a circle would tell, allowing time for the rest of
the gaggle to let their place and position be shared around them, in a
circle of similar sounding cackles and out bursting laughs.

“I’m serious man, I’ve known this since 2nd grade, and I think I might
have always loved her.”

I sat silent for a few moments.

“We’re 13 dude, I mean, I don’t want to sound like I know it all, but I
don’t think we’re old enough to truly know what love is.”

He still didn’t look back to me. The sounds of the various students
gathered around started to sound more silent, as I just stared at his
back. Someone I called a true friend, maybe my best friend at this time,
was truly pouring it out to me, and telling me how he felt, yet for some
reason, there was a part of me that wanted to reject his claims.
Something in me, that refused to push him on, to pursue something he
truly felt passionate about. Was I a bad friend? Should I had lied and
told him to just go for it? Were my words a source of unknowingness of
seeing my friend get hurt? Or was there something deeper than that. Were
there feelings that I also had? That I was afraid would be overshadowed
by his success? What the hell did I feel for Hannah? It wasn’t every
anything I truly thought to myself up until now. Of course I wanted to
see Anthony win the girl, but if that girl was Hannah, why did I feel
trepidation in my voice when offering him my own truths.

*THUD* *THUD* THUD*

I sat with my head against the cold wall. Where the creak of the door
would usually meet my ear, there was a silence. I couldn’t find the
strength to even attempt to strain my eyes to see through the darkness
where the familiar metal door would sometimes open. Instead I sat
slumped against the concrete. I reached a hand down toward my ankle, the
dry dead skin around the shackle leaving a texture like sandpaper. How
long has it been? How am I even still alive? I get the tray every couple
of days, and it’s impossible to tell what I’m drinking every so often is
even water.

Still silence.

Maybe this is it. I’d honestly hoped for it. Please, if there is a God,
put this to an end. I know I never did much with my life, but I like to
believe that I still matter. For nothing else, if for my mother. Please,
God, please.

Then came stumbling. The figure known to have fed me all this time had
lost some of his usual demeanor. I could barely make out the silver in
the room, the tray I have come so accustomed to for survival. Although
scraps, what baseless nourishment kept me going. Make an attempt to
stand, but the strength isn’t there. I hear the tray hit the ground, and
the sound of a glass shattering. I move on all fours towards the sound,
I need anything to keep me going. As I stamp around the concrete floor
on all fours, I stamp my hand into an intense sharp pain. I know I can’t
see it, but I’m bleeding. I feel it, like washing your hands with your
wrists too high. I feel a liquid running down my forearms. Suddenly I
feel myself yanked up.

A deep slurred voice speaks quietly yet firmly, directly into my ear.

“I’m getting bored of your ass, boy.”

I don’t have the strength to speak. I just have to make my strongest
attempt to stand on my feet. He’s pulling at my neck and I need the
little breathing I am able to manage on my own.

“Bread is getting expensive these days, and you don’t snivel or cry like
ya used to when I first brought ya in.”

I try to find decent footing, but my malnourished body is matching the
swaying of the man holding me.

“Ya know what they do to the runt of the litter, don’t ya? Well, I’m
starting to think ya look like a runt to me.”

The voice takes a moment to hack a big spit towards the area that I
assume, is where I’m usually seated.

“Your time’s comin, better enjoy these scraps on the floor while ya
can.”

I hear labored steps towards the only opening in the room, and then a
slam.

I know my time is up, and I know there’s nothing I can do about it.

The glass in my hand makes it hard to think. I just feel blood getting
all over my shirt and pants.

It’s nothing out of the ordinary. I imagine if I was to donate these
clothes to a goodwill, they would burn them before attempting to wash
them. The blood stains, the piss stains. I might as well be wearing the
same outfit I wore as a 2 month old, waste and all.

I grab the scraps that I can, and lay against the wall. My breathing is
labored, I wish that even for a second, I could actually feel dizzy, but
feeling dizzy would imply that I have an object I could see, and for as
long as I could remember here, it was nothing but black.

Needless to say, things between Anthony and Hannah never took off. For
some reason, maybe of my own words of advice, Anthony never did confess
to her. Our friend group continued to act as normal, even Anthony, who
had previously admitted his confession of love for her, continued as if
he and I had never had that conversation in the middle school courtyard.

Now here we were at our last day of 8th grade. We were all making plans
for the summer, and I suggested that we spend more time at the local
pool. I can’t deny that my love of swimming was finally going to come
into play. I hadn’t talked to Hannah in particular about how big into
swimming I am, but Anthony definitely knew. I even would encourage him
to go to the local pools with me and swim, even though I knew he wasn’t
a strong swimmer. I guess I somewhat saw it as a strength of mine I had,
one of very few, and I thought maybe he could also see it as such.

Anthony was good at swimming. Anytime I showed him a different way to
swim, breaststroke, backstroke, butterfly, he took to it so quickly and
easily. It was another reason I knew that him and I were meant to meet.

But during our 8th grade summer that we planned so hard, one day,
Anthony never surfaced.

I swam over to where I last remember him being, and saw the bubbles
rising to the surface. I quickly delved down and saw him lifeless in the
water. I dragged him up and to the side, where he continued to lie
lifeless on the side of the pool.

“ANTHONY. TONY. ANT-ANTHONY!”

He continued to lay lifeless.

I started to search around for any adult who could help, when suddenly I
looked back at him and he had a smug smile on his face.

“You bastard” I let out breathlessly.

“Just keepin ya on your toes, Pamela Anderson” he said to me.

“Dude that was not cool. I was fuckin worried. You know, I grew up on
the beaches of Washingt-”

“Yeah, Yeah. I know you grew up lovin the coast, and all that. But c’mon
man, its hard to get a rise out of you these days, so I just kind of
went for it”

He started to chuckle to himself. Coughing up bits of water as he did.
Honestly just knowing that he was okay, I started laughing as well.

“Alright, I know you’re good at swimming, so lets just do that.”

I gave a quick laugh, as if I also enjoyed his joke.

9th grade started, and it felt like the start of 6th grade all over. Our
friend group from middle school was split up. It was similar to 6th
grade. We had people talking about what middle schools they went to, as
opposed to which elementary schools. It was familiar yet distant. I was
just hoping for another Hannah Bailey to sweep in and tell me who I
should be friends with, but that never came. There were familiar faces
from my middle school, but nobody from my friend group. I missed Hannah,
she would surely save me from being all alone again in this new
environment.

Then 3rd period geology, I saw Hannah come into the classroom. I smacked
the table a couple times, completely out of character for me, but I
needed her attention.

She came and sat down across from me. It was like 6th Grade all over
again.

“Maximilian” she said as she sat down.

Hearing her voice soothed what was an already stressful first day.

I realized in that moment that she had complete control of me. I was
absolutely awestricken by this girl and I was a puppet in the palm of
her hand.

We had been friends throughout middle school, but I was just now
realizing the value of the relationship that we truly had. We saw each
other as equals, we saw each others as lovers. At least, that was the
theoretical headspace that I had put myself into. She was never mine.

“Hey, Hannah. I haven’t spoke to Anthony, lately, have you heard from
him”?

“Anthony?” she let out.

“Was that someone from middle school?” she faintly muttered.

“Um, yeah, Anthony, you know who I’m talking about. I mean, Anthony.”

She looked confused.

“I’m sorry, Max, but I don’t think I know who you’re talking about.”

My heart skipped a beat. Anthony. Anthony Vilmer? How could you not
know.

She continued to just stare at me blankly.

How long have I been down here? It’s impossible to count the days when I
can’t even see if there’s light outside or not. Are my eyes even open?
If I had the strength to move my hand in front of my face, would I even
be able to feel it? Would I know if it was even my hand?

I hear footsteps above me, one, no there’s two. Two sets of footsteps.
Three? No, even more than that.

Every second the stepping above me continued louder, and more and more
footsteps. It was as if a clown car was parked at the front door and the
circus was about to begin. More and more footsteps. They paraded all
around the floors above me, a deafening cacophony of waltzing heels
smacking deteriorating wooden floor. Louder, louder, I want to, no I
NEED to cover my ears, but I don’t have the strength to lift my hands.
What the fuck is going on? I can’t hear myself think, am I losing it?

And then out of nowhere, complete silence.

I gently hit my head against the back wall to rest.

Am I losing it? Did that really happen? I know I’m in an absolutely
horrid state of body and mind, but I know what I heard, or did I? Was
this the start of my mentality beginning to dwindle?

Quick, what’s my name. Damn, what’s my name. You got this, Max. Right,
right, Max.

Suddenly, I heard the door slowly swing open. I did what I could to
truly believe I was opening my eyes, and across the dark room in the
doorway, stood a figure with a light.

It was a younger girl with a look of sadness on her face. Man I love
that face.

Wait a fucking minute. Why do I love that face. My eyes widen and with
more energy than I thought I had I let out, “Hannah?”
