Hey Chris here. Is this even working? God damn it.

Whatever. Hey internet, can someone help track a location for me? I’m
stuck out at sea. I need help. Please.

This is my last means of communication. I’ve tried everything else.
Rescue services are ignoring me.

God damn it. Can someone just help me?

I’m stuck on a cruise ship, with my family. We’ve been here for five
months. And, well, no one else cares.

I’m not even joking; everyone is going insane. There’s something wrong
with the ship. There’s something wrong with these fucking people.

Dam it. Can you just track me somehow!? I’m in the middle of the ocean.
Heading towards…uhm… Where were we going?

I don’t… I don’t remember. What the hell? This trip, this boat, it’s
affecting me.

How is this even possible? I mean, how am I even surprised. Nothing here
makes sense.

The moment I set foot on this boat; I encountered something strange.
When we were boarding there was a guy punching tickets. Like old school
stuff.

Okay nothing too weird, I thought. When I presented my ticket. He looked
at me, smiled and then used his tool on my hand.

The prick pricked my hand.

He just smiled at me and I was forced to keep walking.

Don’t think that’s enough? I get it, that’s just one stupid dude. So let
me explain some of the insanities I’ve been living with then.

It wasn’t always crazy. At the beginning, people were just having fun.
Dinners, pool, sunbathing. Talking. It was all pretty standard stuff.

The issues started when they announced after a month that our arrival
was delayed. This cruise was supposed to only be a month. But when we
were supposed to reach… The place I´ve forgotten about, we were just
told we had to wait.

Okay, nothing crazy so far. And so, we waited. And we waited. And we
waited. And days turned to weeks, and weeks turned to months.

People were fuming.

People started trashing stuff. Demanded to see the captain. Continuously
called emergency services, loved ones, the news, anything and
everything.

And then one day it just stopped. Everyone just accepted it.

People smile now, they’re happy. They’re enjoying their little cruise.
I’m not.

I talk to people in here. They upset me. One day I was discussing it
with someone.

“This isn’t so bad” he said.

Hum, yes. Yes, it is. We´re stuck here.

The next day I confronted someone else. They just said.

“It is what it is”.

How?! How does no one care? What is wrong with them.

That’s not the only issue. This ship, something else is happening.

Let me try to explain.

So, remember I said there’s a pool? Well, the other day I decided to go
in. Don’t judge me, I’m stressed, I’m angry. I need a break. Everyone
around me acts normal. I just wanted some normal too.

That water was the saltiest thing I’ve ever experienced in my life.

I left there caked in salt, white streaks of dried salt clung to my skin
afterwards. I don’t understand how anyone can enjoy that.

Everyone was happy in it. I think I saw some people drinking it.

That was during the first months. We don’t go in the pool anymore.
Something, something lives in it now. It’s not a good idea to swim near
it.

That’s not the only thing that makes no sense.

There’s an entertainment crew on board. They were supposed to play every
week, which they did. It’s an animal show and it’s just two dudes, with
either dogs (three Labradors) or those big parrots (I don’t know their
names).

Since last month they started performing shows with larger animals.
Like, seals and even donkeys.

I have no fucking idea how that’s possible. It was always just the dogs
or the parrots. But it’s getting “worse”. The animals are getting
bigger.

Lions. Last week they had fucking lions.

There are no, I repeat, NO lions aboard this ship. There are no cages
for them, there is no space for them. When the show is on, they don’t
even put any fencing or protection around. You can be five feet away
from a lion. After the show, the animals just go inside a small utensils
closet. And that’s it.

They impossibly stop mattering. They’re just there, or somewhere else. I
feel like I’m going crazy.

Next week the show is with sharks.

I tried talking to the staff here. But there’s something wrong with
them. They kind of just ignore me? They just look out to sea, yearning
for it. Their eyes are always towards the sea.

They look like they want to jump off.

Each month things get progressively weirder and weirder.

One day I was just walking around the deck. Like, there’s nothing around
us. No landmasses, no reference points, not even birds. There’s just
water.

I was walking around and I noticed five people standing around in a
group. I was flabbergasted by what they were doing.

 They were fishing? I don’t understand if it’s normal to fish on a
cruise ship. They just had a massive fishing pole and they were all
giddy about something.

They pulled a man out. With the fishing pole. He floundered around like
a fish.

Then he just stood up and looked at them.

“Good day.” he said. And then wandered off.

I don’t know what the fuck is going on anymore!

There’s something weird the upper staff do as well. Starting last month,
every day at exactly 5:55 PM. They all stop and line up. Then they start
shouting.

“All hail the king. All hail the professor. To’Kempus, To’Kempus,
To’Kempus. All hail the Rebis.”

Yeah, no idea what the fuck that is. They say it like it’s some military
chant. It’s unsettling. I don’t like it.

There’s also the captain of the ship. Oh boy.

He’s just called “The Captain”. No, like seriously. That’s it. That’s
what you need to call him, the captain.

Last person who didn’t do that. Well, let’s just say I don’t want to get
sucked through the air vents like he was.

He’s a… peculiar figure. He’s hard to stare at. I can’t seem to really
remember what he looks like.

There’s something wrong with my family too. They just accept things now.
My dad, my mom, my younger sister. They just eat, they talk, they have
fun. They live…

They’re part of it.

I tried reasoning with them. Tried to snap them from their trance. But
they fight back. They say I’m “ruining the trip”.

Fuck. What else can I even do.

Oh, I guess there’s something off about the food as well. When I go to
have dinner. I see a bunch of people standing around tables. But they
don’t move, they just stay put.

And I watch them, it perplexes me. Their minds, their faces. In fear… In
fear, and lust, and pain. From pain to last, and from last to east.
Under the water, from sea to gray. And all for the king.

And from pain, to lust and lust to brain and brain to stone and stone to
earth and earth to sky and sky to lust and lust to eat and eat and eat
and eat and eat and eat and eat and eat AND EAT.

Where was I? Oh yeah, the fish tastes a bit weird. Like they put too
much thyme.

I should specify that we haven’t stopped for supplies for four months
and there doesn’t seem to be any shortages of food or water.

Now, even granting all of that. I wouldn’t be so concerned, but
something happened recently. Sure, things are weird and impossible. But
you get used to it.

But last week… It’s… it’s too much.

We were just having dinner. A big ballroom, everyone eats, everyone
talks. There’s always music playing. All the time. Constantly. And it’s
not recent stuff. It’s old, classical, fancy. It’s kind of calming to be
honest.

A man started choking on his food. And everyone, well, they ignored him.
He was trashing and kicking, basically fighting for his life… I
couldn’t, I don’t know why I didn’t help.

He died. And then everyone started dancing.

I’ve never been so uncomfortable and afraid in my life. They were so
fucking happy. Like it was the most fun they’ve ever had. The man on the
floor died with a huge smile on his face. It was like he was happy to
entertain them.

This place is wrong.

I am not a strong person. I’ve talked to emergency services innumerable
times. They ask the name of the ship and when I do, they just laugh and
tell me to “Enjoy the trip.”. I pleaded with my family but they just say
I’m some Debbie downer.

I…I… jumped off the boat yesterday. I just couldn’t take it anymore. I
remember dying. I remember hitting metal. Hard. And feeling immense
pain.

And today I just woke up back in bed. Like nothing fucking happened.

I can’t escape. I can’t leave. I’m trapped here.

That’s why I’m begging for anyone to track me down and save me, save us.
I’ve had enough of this shitshow. I think I’m going to find the captain
and demand answers.

If I die then I die. At least I’ll be free. Either way I’m leaving.

Wish me luck.

 

Update:

Sorry for not updating this, I’ve been busy. It’s been five days since I
last checked in here. I did it, I confronted the captain. He barely said
anything. Barely looked at me. He just looked at me and said I was a
“good boy”.

Things are… Wait, the intercom is blaring, there’s an announcement
coming.

I…. I can’t believe this. The captain announced we’re staying one more
year on this ship before we get to our destination. I don’t understand.
Why!? Why is he doing this to us?!

He can’t do this. I can’t be here a year.

I thought I was a good boy! I love this ship! I don’t want to leave!
