I’ve liked a guy for a while but I know he doesn’t like me back.
Everything about him I find perfect. His eyes and his nose are cute.
When he gets in trouble with the teacher. Or when he laughs and comments
during class. The way he looks at me and does a little nod and says hi
to me in class or in the hallway always makes me smile. Even when I try
not to those small moments make me happy. He’s a nice guy and he’s
funny. I even found out his favorite marvel character is spider man,
which is mine too!! We haven’t had a lot of talks because I’m a shy
person(I have social anxiety) but something about him that just keeps
bringing me back to him every time I try to move on. The thing is.. he
will never look at me that way. A few months ago I met this guy (let’s
call him x) and we started talking. After a week he confessed things
started going bad. He would on and off leave saying we shouldn’t be
together. I had a very hard time because of it. I know it sounds bad
because I shouldn’t go for his friend but that’s not what happened.
While I tried getting over it I started noticing his friend (the guy I
like). Everytime I felt down during the day just a simple hi or fist
bump from him would make me happy. Obviously I got over x and just tried
to stay away from guys or relationships. The fact that they are friends
I knew he would never like me back.

A few weeks ago x started texting me again. I didn’t really want to but
I tend to try and be nice and texted back. We had some conversations and
I decided to ask him about his friend.. immediately he asked if I liked
him. I ended up saying yes. He gave me his Snapchat and I added him. Not
even a few minutes later he added me back. I was so excited and happy
but at the same time told myself I had no expectations it would go
anywhere and I’d just try and be friends. We would send eachother snaps
and even had a streak. Some days later x texted me again saying I
shouldn’t go for him cause he was already talking to someone. I was so
sad but decided to act like it wasn’t a big deal. We stopped sending
eachother things and out of attachment I unadded him quick. I can’t lie
that even know I think about him and hope maybe he’ll see me the way I
see him.

This is my first post so I hope it doesn’t sound awkward 😅 it’s
currently 5 in the morning and I have a movie to watch tomorrow but I
can’t sleep..yesterday was too much. Nvm it’s 6am cause currently I
can’t post this due to the word count🥲🥲 trying to fix it though so
