Here’s an update on the events that transpired at Camp Tallwood in
Summer 2019. If you’d like to hear my story, I suggest starting at the
beginning.

​

​

“What the actual fuck,” said Arizona.

“We have to learn more about this place!!” Raven insisted.”

“There’s something really, really wrong here…” I said “it’s just this
feeling I have… like I’m always being… watched or something.”

“Really Freckles?” Said Conner, rolling his eyes.

Bunny’s eyes were wide “No,” she said softly, her voices so hushed I
barely heard her over the crackle of the logs. “I… I keep hearing these
strange things.. and… and…” she trailed off .

“What kind of things, Bunny,” Peps asked gently.

Bunny shook her head, her dark eyes frightened. “It’s just… I’ve seen
someone… something…peeking from behind the trees. At dusk. When the
light is purple and starts to get low… it’s like it’s playing some kind
of game. When I see it, it jumps back behind the tree. Too fast to be
human. I almost feel like it’s teasing me.” Bunny was close to tears.
Friday put his arm around her and she leaned into him.

​

​

Connor started creeping towards Ari. She scooted away in disgust and
laced her arm through mine. Her grey eyes were liquid in the light of
the stars. Stay on planet earth, please, Emily, I thought. She winked at
me and smiled, I smiled back. That left Peps and Bookie and Raven.
Connor wasn’t cool enough for Peps, with her pink hair and NYU art girl
vibes, and Raven wouldn’t touch him with a sixty foot pole. And although
Bookie was in the stratosphere and Connor was in the Mariana Trench, he
sometimes stole secret glances at Connor’s vaguely attractive-adjacent
face. It looked better in the shadows when you couldn’t quite see all of
the details. Or maybe it was certain aspects of his personality that
ruined it for me. Again, I digress. That night, though, Connor pulled
out a bottle of Jack that he’d been saving.

“Y’all are wayyyy too on edge,” he said. “Let this Tennessee honey blow
off some steam.”

​

​

So we did.

We passed around the bottle, laughing, saying things we shouldn’t have
that would fade with the morning light. Friday and Bunny started to make
out all sloppy-tipsy as the fire burned low and they thought we couldn’t
see them. Until Connor whooped and brought them back. Bunny giggled,
embarrassed, but also giddy because. Well. Thai. I mean Friday. And Ari…
Sedona… I loved to say her pretty name…she leaned her head on me and I
tried not to act like it rushed straight to my head like a shot of
whiskey. Her soft skin had the faint scent of pears… and her hair
smelled like the smoke of the campfire. She smiled up at me and I smiled
back. Her eyes were silver. Her lips were… “Not yet,” she whispered in
my ear, sending shivers. Fuck. Then we heard the screaming from the
woods.

​

​

It was blood-curdling. We sprinted as fast as we could, weaving back and
forth from the Jack. “Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck…” I said, vision blurry,
tripping over rocks and sticks. We stumbled into the woods, blindly,
following the screaming. I felt waves of sickening terror wash over me.
I was certain that in our moment of negligence, something awful had
happened to one of the kids, and I threw up on myself, chunks of
half-digested turkey and the acrid sting of cheap fermented rye burning
in my throat, but I kept running. And running. And running. The
screaming grew shriller, more desperate, and I barely registered the
brambles slicing my shins and the branches slapping my cheeks. I was
completely swallowed by blind panic and the tangible darkness of sockets
between the hardwoods.

​

But then the screaming stopped. And there was no one there. We were
completely alone in the dark, silent woods. There was nothing. No
crickets. No night birds. No rustling leaves. Total silence. It was
eerie. And it was so, so dark. Like the moon didn’t shine there. “I know
where we are,” said Bookie. “I recognize that tree. We’re not that deep
into the woods, follow me !” He was quiet, but calm and confident, so we
began to cautiously follow him back to the cabins. Then we heard the
footsteps. We froze and huddled together. I was too terrified to care
about Connor’s hand on my ass. Then they got faster, closer. We started
sprinting after Bookie, dodging this way and that among the huge trees.
“Don’t look behind you!” Shouted Bookie. “Just keep going!! We’re almost
there!” But Bunny did, and let out a curdling shriek. Then she tripped.
Friday swooped her up, and they kept running, Friday whisking her along
behind him. I looked back, too, and froze. There, behind us, was that…
thing. Peeking out from behind the trees… moving impossibly fast. It was
nothing more than a shadow, vaguely humanoid, except the arms were far
too long, and the legs were cocked at a strange angle, like a goat
walking on its hind legs.

​

And then it disappeared. Ari bumped into me and almost knocked both of
us over. “Shit! Freckles, run!!” I snapped out of it as the footsteps
surrounded us and grew closer. I couldn’t breathe… my chest was too
tight, and my heart fluttered in the pit of my stomach. Whatever it was
sounded big, and the cadence of the foosteps was a little off, awkward,
like perhaps one of its legs was clubbed or too short. I didn’t
particularly care to find out.

​

​

Just as I thought I was about to take my last breath, we broke through
the trees and I fell crying onto the grass. It was wet with glistening
dew. The footsteps abruptly stopped, and the crickets and soft crackling
of leaves from the forest recommenced, as if nothing had happened. I
could breathe again. I began to do a head count. Ari was bent over,
puking. So was Peps. Connor was there, and so was Friday, his arms
around Bunny. Bookie stood with a quizzical look on his face, trying to
make sense of what the fuck just happened. And Raven… wasn’t there. The
others were too busy catching their breaths to notice. “Guys!! Guys
where’s Raven??” I yelled, the sickening waves of panic returning. The
world started spinning and I fought the urge to throw up again. “Oh
fuck. Oh fuck fuck fuck,” Friday groaned. “No way in hell am I going
back in there!!” Yelled Connor. “Connor, you asshole!” Shouted Peps. “We
don’t fucking need him,” spat Ari. “Come on, Connor. She’d do the same
for your sorry chicken-shit ass,” I snapped. My tone shocked me. “WELL
FUCKING COME ON!” Bookie shouted. I’d never heard him that loud or
distressed

​

​

And so with my heart in my mouth, I ran back into the trees. But it
wasn’t quiet this time. There was a veritable symphony of crickets, and
a soft, inviting breeze that rustled the silver-dusted leaves in a
calming sort of way. The whippoorwills called. Small mammals rustled
through the underbrush.“RAVEN!!!” We called, shattering the now-peaceful
forest. “RAAAAAVEEEEEEN!!!” I screamed her name until I was hoarse. The
sun began to rise. “The kids…” began Friday. “I know,” Bookie said. “We
have to go back.” “No!” yelled Ari. “I am not leaving her!” “Ari, love,
we have to,” said Peps gingerly. “Raven is tough, she’ll be okay. We
have to take care of the kids.” Bunny was quiet, tears silently
streaming down her dark pixie face. So we trudged back, beyond
bone-tired, defeated. “I’ll start some coffee,” I said. Bunny burst into
tears. “Shhh, shhh, hun, it’s gonna be okay. It’s gonna be okay,” said
Friday. Peps gave her a hug.

​

​

We dropped the boys off and starting trudging up the hill to our cabin.
Then we stopped dead in our tracks. The door was swinging wide open, and
a trail of sticks and leaves and dirty footprints led into the cabin.
Bunny screamed, and we all went sprinting into the cabin. Breathless, my
eyes followed the trail leading into the soft blue darkness within.
“I’ll check the right, you check the left,” I said to Ari. “Bunny and
I-” started Peps, and then she just stopped, staring at Raven’s bed.
There she was, on top of the covers, sound asleep. The dirt trail led
right to her bed, and she was covered in it, her hair full of sticks and
leaves, her limbs all scratched up from branches and brambles. Bunny
tentatively approached her. “Raven?” she coaxed, gently shaking her arm.
Strangely, Raven’s eyes flew open. Normally it took Peps two cups of
coffee and lots of annoying music blasted though earbuds to wake her up.
“What the fuck,” Raven said. “Why am I covered in dirt?! Was this a
prank?? I am going to kill all of you… I bet it was fucking Connor!”
“You mean you really don’t remember?” Asked Peps softly. “Remember
what?” She snapped “you dick-holes rolling me around in the leaves while
I was asleep?!” “No-” I started, but just then the girls started waking
up. Ari shoved her into the shower, hissing “quick, hop in, don’t let
the kids see you- I’ll explain”

​

​

The girls saw the mess, of course, but we told them it was the boys
playing a prank, and we’d get them later. Peps gathered the girls, I
swept, and Bunny changed the sheets while Ari filled Raven in. It was
all out of sight, out of mind by the time Melissa met up with us. She
eyed us, taking in our unusually messy appearances, slowed mannerisms,
and purpled eyes. “All of you have been working so hard this summer with
hardly any time off,” she began. She was right, of course. The few days
of down time between waves of campers was spent here, at Tallwood. It
was on those days that we hiked farther, swam longer, and rode around
bareback, laughing and forgetting everything but the present moment.
Tallwood had that kind of effect. I miss them. All of them. All of it.
Sorry, I keep getting distracted…

​

​

“Why don’t we have a chill day today! You all take the kids to the lake
to splash around! We’ll do ice cream sundaes and lunch by the lake, and
afterwards Midge and Katy and Amanda and I will look after the kids
while they watch a movie, and you lot can get some rest.” She started to
walk away and then turned on her heel. “And I know you’re tired, but
whatever you do, don’t take your eyes off of those kids. The lake is
dangerous,” she said severely. “We know we know Miss Melissa!” Connor
broke in. “The lake is deep, and cold, much colder than you think, and
no one truly knows the depth” he said, making his voice much spookier
than hers. We all had Melissa’s lake speech memorized by now. “And
whatever you do! Do let the kids swim past the rope. Again: no kids past
the rope. And no swimming without life jackets unless they excelled at
the swim test!!” Connor continued in the same ridiculous tone. “I’m
serious, young man,” she snapped. If looks could kill, Connor would be
six feet under. “Don’t worry, Miss Melissa! We’ll watch them like hawks.
Plus Freckles is a great swim instructor- the kids will be fine!”
Trilled Bunny, back to her usual bright self in front of Melissa. “Thank
you Bunny,” she smiled.

​

We each had two cups or more of coffee coursing through our veins, but
they weren’t quite as jumpy as me. I was on edge and couldn’t seem to
shake the feeling that something awful was going to happen. Like someone
was going to die. But I tried to smile and shake it off and be cheerful
for the kids. After getting everyone into their swimsuits, we rounded up
the kids and headed to the lake. When we got close, they started to run
towards the water and the dock out of excitement. “Hey hey hey!” We
called, and caught them before they could leap in without us. I lined
the littles up and put most of them, complaining, into life jackets. The
11-14s were all strong swimmers so I wasn’t too worried, then we turned
them loose. “Let’s take turns guarding,” I said. I was a lifeguard back
home, and I knew what it was like to sit in stand all day. “We’ll switch
every thirty minutes, okay? So no one gets too tired. I’ll start”.
“Sounds good!” chirped Bunny. “Okay!” Said Peps. “Don’t fall asleep,
Freckles!” taunted Connor. Friday winked at me. Bookie shook his head at
them. And Ari had already run ahead of everyone and dove gracefully into
the still water, barely making a ripple on its glassy surface. “Oh my
god!! It’s freezing!” She screeched, making the kids laugh.

​

​

The first half hour was really fun. The kids splashed, and Bookie read
at the foot of my stand. Friday and Connor dunked the kids and raced
around, laughing. Raven chilled in the shade, floating with some of the
older kids, and Bunny and Peps had a game of Marco-Polo going in the
shallows. It was almost like nothing had happened. “Get in, Freckles!!”
A little boy called Jack cried. “Yeah! Come on Freckles- PLEASE?!” The
7-10s begged, splashing me. I laughed. “Don’t worry! I’ll dunk all of
you later! But I gotta keep you safe!” I told them. I sat up straight on
stand, constantly and systematically searching the water, just like I
did back home. I knew how quickly and quietly drowning could happen,
especially in open water where there were hidden currents and you can’t
see the bottom. That’s why Melissa usually had me guard.

​

​

It was another fun, relatively uneventful day on the lake until Connor
got on stand. After me was Bookie, and then Peps. They were both good,
scanning and keeping an eye on all the kids, especially the littles. And
I swam around with Bunny and Ari and Friday, dunking the kids as they
hung on our backs, and played Marco-Polo and the colors game. The lake
was warm at the top and got significantly colder the deeper you went. It
was only about 12 feet deep at the deepest point of the roped-off
swimming area, and some of the older kids liked to dive down and grab
shells and lake mud to throw at us and each other. Then it was lunch
time, and all the kids scrambled to the picnic area to dry off and then
lined up for sundaes. The air warmed my chilled body and I basked in the
sun (slathered in SPF, of course. I fry like a potato). It was the
perfect day to have ice cream before lunch. Chocolate syrup and cherries
seemed to wash away our fear. Even Raven was smiling.

​

​

Then Connor got on stand. He brushed me off when I warned him about the
after-lunch wall of tired you hit in the hot sun. I know he thought I
was a royal stick in the mud, specifically with the stick up my ass, but
now I know why Melissa only ever had him watch me teach swimming in the
mid-mornings. He started off leaning back in his chair and twirling his
whistle, royally pissing me off as he tried and failed to get Ari’s
attention as she took a break and tanned on the dock. Bookie and I were
playing duck-duck goose in the shallows, while Bunny and Friday were
watching a swimming contest at the deep end. Raven sat with her feet in
the water, talking to Ari, and Peps was judging a jumping contest. It
was just another sunny day on the lake, and in my false sense of
sunshine security, I thought about how happy I was to be there. During
the day, at least. But happy nonetheless.

​

​

After everyone was all changed and dried off, we got them settled in the
lodge with pillows and blankets and snacks to watch their movie. We were
about to head back for a much needed nap when Melissa asked if we’d done
a head count. Fuck. My blood ran colder than the lake water. We didn’t
do a head count after we got out. “We did one after lunch,” stammered
Peps. “There were 26 kids total! 14 littles, and 12 of the 11-14s.
Everyone was there.” “I know you did one after lunch. I’m asking if you
did one after everyone got out.” Melissa’s eyes narrowed. We were all
silent, not daring to meet her fierce gaze. Melissa flew into the hall
and did a head count. 25. “I need you to do a roll call right now,” she
hissed at us. So Bunny called the names of the 7-10s. Everyone was
there. Friday did the 11-14s. All 12 11-14s answered when their names
were called. Only 13 of the littles replied. We did the call twice more.
Did a head count. 25 total. 13 littles. 13. Seven year old Jon-Mikell
didn’t answer…

Just a quick update: sorry I haven’t had a chance to finish telling my
story- I’ve been back at Tallwood! I’ll be back Monday with an update
and some explanations

-Freckles
