February 14th

I was meeting with some friends today. Honestly, it’s been a regular
thing, clubbing with them, and sometimes I wonder if it’s a waste of
money, but it helps me wind down from my shitty job. My dad said any job
would do, but all that studying just to get stuck at some dead end
delivery job is not what I envisioned, but whatever, I guess I have to
start somewhere. Christ.

It was maybe 10pm now. I needed to step outside to gather myself for
drinking too much. As I was trying not to throw up, it was breezy
tonight, quiet except for the distant bass thumping of the club. I had
to grip my jacket tighter as the cold felt strangely comforting, yet it
didn’t stop me from puking up all that night’s alcohol. Regardless, I
wanted more to drink, so I went back inside, albeit before pausing,
looking out at the street. I felt a strange feeling that I shook off as
paranoia.

I recall stumbling into my apartment block after I pooled a ride, barely
able to keep moving, utterly shit-faced, but I made it, dragged my
clothes off lazily and collapsed onto my bed. If my mind wasn’t so hazy,
I would have checked the door.

Then I felt a weight on me, and I managed to lift my heavy eyelids… but
then my eyes were wide open. I saw a woman, maybe late 30’s, skinny and
almost skeletal-like, with a knife in between her teeth, straddling me.
It was the look in her eyes that utterly left me frozen stiff; they were
wide and full of obsession almost, and I could tell, even in my deep
drunken state, that she was on crack or some sort of intense drugs. She
began grinding against me, and I tried to push her off, but I’d drank so
many pints that the adrenaline couldn’t save me. I watched in horror,
whimpering in an attempt to sob and scream, as she brought her face
close to mine with those wide eyes and a crazed smile cracking her lips
as she cut my boxer shorts open and had her way with me.

I don’t want to describe the encounter further than that, but when she
reached her peak, I used that as my moment, forcing my drunken body to
respond as I pushed her off me and bolted out into the streets,
screaming out primally for help. It was like a fucking heaven send when
I saw a police car patrolling. I tripped over my words, shaking and
hiding behind their car. The woman, still on those drugs, must have
either not thought straight or not cared, but she was close behind and
the police subdued her.

This woman had apparently been stalking young men and women for a week,
but they hadn’t been able to get a face to the name until now. I wrote
my account and now I’m going to tear this page out and give it to them
as evidence. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to get that manic
expression and feeling of helplessness out of my mind.
