The following texts were sent to me simultaneously at four in the
morning. I have not heard from him since.

hey man

please reply quick

i’m pretty sure I’m going insane lol

so last night I was at your party, this morning I’m alone at home, and I
have no idea how I got back. I know that’s not something to write home
about, but the thing is, no one is anywhere. it’s been like ten hours
since I woke up, and no one has answered my phone calls, texts, emails,
or my DM’s. No one was even online when I tried to play cold war
earlier.

this is actually sounding a little ridiculous. i’m reading too much into
this, people rarely reply to me anyways, and maybe the servers are down.

right?

***

it’s been another 6 hours. i’ve been waiting for my parents and my
brother to come home and chew them out for not even leaving me a note
before disappearing for this long, I mean it’s 2AM, at least share your
location, right?

they’re not here. plus, I peeked into the garage and guess what? both
cars are still home.

i’ve considered calling 911, but I don’t know if it’s reached that point
yet. but I’ll admit, I’m getting a little freaked out. i’ve spent all
day cleaning, doing laundry, I’ve cooked two meals out of boredom more
than anything else, I’ve re-watched all of infinity war for the
billionth time. i’m actually listening to music and watching TV at the
same time, just to keep my mind off of… this.

I’m afraid to go to sleep.

Please reply.

***

I kept hearing the raccoons out in the backyard knocking things over.

I think I got maybe three solid hours of sleep.

I’ll check in on the mess they made later today, for now I think I’m
gonna take the car and go back to your house, try to figure out who got
me home yesterday night.

***

where are you

fyi you also might have a raccoon problem, i can hear them in your
backyard

your door’s unlocked, i’m coming in, you better not be in the shower

dude, pick up the phone

where are you

this isn’t funny anymore

pick up or i swear to god i’m stealing your laptop

oh look, here’s your keys. guess i’m taking the mazda for a joyride.
unless you PICK UP THE PHONE!!

***

my parents still aren’t back yet. my brother’s room is empty. his pc
isnt even powered on. where the hell are they!?

please pick up man

***

Okay. I reached a breaking point and called the police. I didn’t get an
answer, because of fucking course I didn’t.

I don’t think I’ve cried this hard in my life. I’ve called over and over
and over and no one is on the other end. All I get are three rings and
then the dial tone. No voicemail. No nothing.

I went into the city. It’s fucking empty. No one is on the highway. No
one is in the mall. I walked into the jewelry store and broke all the
fucking glass, took handfuls of gold and silver like some sort of
fucking villain. The alarms were still blaring when I left. No one
showed up.

I got back in the car and just drove. I’m back home, now.

I’ve been sitting in the driveway for so long. The sun is setting. Its
just me.

Fuck, I hear those damn raccoons again, I swear to God, If I’m the last
person on this Earth I’m taking those fucking things with me.

I don’t want to go back inside. It’s so quiet in there. I used to be so
pissed at Jake’s yelling keeping me up. I’m so hungry. So tired. I can’t
feel my legs. My hands are stinging from cuts. I’m just numb.

I want mom.

I

I’m going to sleep in the mazda tonight.

***

I’ve always wanted to drive as fast as I could down this highway.

I’m stopped right now, setting the timer. It usually takes me 15 minutes
with all the other traffic to get to the Greensmith Rd exit.

bet I can do it in 10.

***

i crashed your fucking car

i’m so sorry

please help me

please

please

***

it hit the railway and i spun out, fucking thing flipped, my head was
spinning for at least 10 minutes.

i screamed until my throat was raw, i dont think i have any tears left

i’m just sitting next to it, texting you

if you’re reading these

go fuck yourself

***

my leg still hurts. i had to limp all the way to the fucking dollar
store to get myself some bandages. 30 minute walk, nothing but crickets,
raccoons, and my own thoughts, you know that?

worst thing is, i’m starting to get used to the quiet

the liquor store was empty. of people, i mean. i always wondered what
scotch tasted like.

***

i stopped by that ford dealership and got myself a big one. took a while
to find the keys but what else did i have to do?

did some grocery shopping. drove the truck right into the fucking store.
glass everywhere. who gives a fuck.

i’m home now. grilling some burgers. the sun is starting to set.

***

i hear raccoons again. Its kind of comforting actually, that I’m not the
only living thing left on this planet.

actually, i think there’s one that’s getting closer. i have half a
burger left, i guess i’ll throw it it’s way. maybe this’ll be our thing,
i feed them and they…

keep me company. yeah.

i wonder who’ll go first, me or them.

i hope its me. i’ve grown used to the sounds of their rustling and
chirruping, wherever I go. at least i know they’ll be with me.

****

its not those arent they werent raccons oh my god htey werent raccoons
oh ym god oh my god please everyone stay away from here help help me get
out of here please helpuwegsijkdnvzcm

Jjjjjjj j jjf

f

f

f

f f

f

please help me i need to get outtt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt

****

I am back home, in my own room, I am once again surrounded by family and
friends, and I think they would love to visit my friend, the raccoons,
too. I think you would as well, no? Please, come through the door, and
visit all of us, we would be so happy to see all of you.

Have sweet dreams tonight.
