I sat in front of the TV, looked through different movies. I was alone
that evening. My grandpa was gone two hours ago. He had a meeting with
some colleagues from his band. I thought that this would be good for
him. He didn‘t meet other people very often and my parents and I were
sometimes very concerned about him, spending all his days alone in this
big house, except when we visited him or when I stayed for the weekend.
He was a little bit special sometimes, especially since he lived alone.
So I wasn’t mad at him for leaving me alone – I just had a relaxing
evening without parents or anybody else, doing nothing – why not? I
enjoyed that time at my grandpa’s house.

That was, until I heard something. It wasn’t very loud, just a little
creaking sound somewhere in the house. I ignored that sound. I mean, the
house was very old. It was built in the 1960s, when the grandfather of
my grandfather was still alive, so it seemed normal that the building
sometimes creaked. Two minutes later, I heard it again. I focused my
attention on the TV. The third time I heard something was different from
the other two times. It didn‘t sound like aged house walls beneath the
weight of time. I muted the TV and pricked up my ears.

I waited. I waited very long and I didn’t hear anything. I was already
about to unmute the TV, put my finger on the remote control button, when
I heard it again. I turned my head, looked in the direction it had came
from. My body tensed up and I tried to regulate my breath. My heart was
pounding in my chest. I was paranoid. I just watched too many scary
movies too young, which scarred my mind and now I got here at this
point, and had become such a excessively scaredy-cat. My own fault. I
considered for a while what to do next. I slowly got up from the sofa,
feeling for my phone. I found it and started walking in the direction
the noise was coming from. I left the TV and the living room behind me
and entered the dining room. My feeling wasn’t great but I ignored it.
It was never a great idea for me to pay attention to any gut feeling.
But when I heard the noise again and froze in the middle of the
movement, I realized that it would have been a good idea to trust my
feeling. There were footsteps on the floor.

A cold sweat broke out all over my body. I wanted to say something, but
couldn’t get the words out. I wished I were wrong but I wasn’t. There
was no doubt about it – it was footsteps coming from inside the kitchen.
Little, quiet feet, softly slapping against the tiles. I slowly raised
my phone with a trembling hand, unsure what to do now. There was an
intruder in the house. And I was alone in here. I listened to the sound
of the stranger‘s pattering feet. There was nothing else – no
clattering, no sound of drawers being rummaged through. Just steps. I
had no idea what I should think the intruder was doing, or what they
wanted to do. It sounded like they had no idea either. They were just
running in circles.

I approached the doorway to the dining room, still afraid of whoever was
out there but with a curiosity burning in my chest. The phone was still
in my hand, but I forgot about it for a moment. I stopped moving right
next to the doorframe. The footsteps moved into the kitchen and back out
onto the floor again, a few moments later it ended up again in the
kitchen. Repeated the whole scenario. One more time. And another round.
I swallowed the lump in my throat with some difficulty, pushing every
gruesome thought of what might be there out of my mind. Then I took the
next step and stood in the doorway.

There was nothing. Just an empty floor and an empty kitchen. The
footsteps stopped, right in the moment as I stepped forward to face
whoever had been there. I ran a hand over my face and looked out the
window at the street, now mostly dark, illuminated only by two old
streetlamps. I… I couldn‘t have just imagined that, could I? There were
footsteps, I had heard it very clearly. I wasn’t going crazy, no. But
that… that wasn’t possible. How could somebody disappear from one moment
to the next? I was still thinking about that question when I suddenly
heard the apartment door squeak.

„Grandpa?“ I called out into the darkness. My voice sounded so terribly
loud in the silent house. I got no answer back. The apartment door was
wide open. „Grandpa?“ I stepped closer to the door. „Hello? Is there
anybody?“ My voice trembled, almost broke. „Hey, whoever you are that’s…
that’s not…“ I stopped speaking. Instead I pulled out my phone again and
turned on the flashlight. I aimed the beam of the light outside, into
the stairwell. On shaky legs and filled with fear, I walked down the
hallway. Kept getting closer and closer to the open door. I stopped at
the doorstep. My phone slipped from my hand and hit the floor with a
loud bang that echoed through the entire staircase. Darkness fell all
over me. I had seen something. Just before I dropped the phone, the beam
of light had fallen on the railing of the basement stairs. And on what
was behind it.

The light reflected off a pair of eyes and revealed a shape, standing
behind the railing. The shape didn’t move. It didn’t blink. I just stood
there, watching. Carefully, I felt around for my phone. keeping my eyes
fixed on the darkness ahead of me. When I finally got hold of my phone
again and just as the light illuminated the staircase again, the shape
had already disappeared. Against all reason, I didn’t run back and call
the police or whoever, but stepped out of the apartment. Setting each
step carefully, I approached the basement stairs.

When I set my foot on the top step, a cold draft seemed to brush past
me. I made my way down the stairs very slowly, listening for every tiny
sound. Once I reached the bottom, I went around the corner and first
looked into the empty, quiet laundry room off to the side of the
hallway. Then I turned my head into the other direction. For a moment,
my heart skipped a beat. The shape was standing at the end of the
hallway, next to the open door that led outside. My first impulse was
just to run away, up and off, but instead I followed the example of the
person opposite me and stood still and staring. After a few moments I
realized the small size of the shape, maybe about a head and a half
shorter than me. It had a hunched posture and long hair that fell over
its shoulders. My mouth felt unbelievably dry at that moment, like I had
spent days in the desert. Once again, a cold draft caught me, sending
goosebumps all over my body, and the shape turned to walk away. But
before it left, it turned around one more time and beckoned for me to
follow. I did so.

I reached the open door with a queasy feeling. I remembered the words of
my grandpa: „Keep the door closed. You can go out and in whenever you
want, but always close the door and lock it. No matter what.“ I had
never asked him why. He was so serious about that. He said those words
often to me and every time he said it, there was something so commanding
in his voice that I never dared. Now, as I looked at the keyhole, my
guts twisted. The key was stuck.

Another wave of goosebumps and cold sweat swept over me the moment I
left the house. I was shaking all over. Tears were in my eyes. But I
kept going. The shape was just disappearing down the stairs leading to
the annex. It was still dark. The motion detector hadn’t activated.
While I followed it, I believed to hear strange noises I’ve never heard
before from the woods to my left. I ignored them. This time the motion
detector worked and drove away the darkness. When I reached the top step
of the stairs, I had to realize that the shape had already disappeared
once again. But it had left me something. There was something on the
second step. I bent down and picked it up. It was a bunch of cleanly
pulled out, thin white hairs.

I examined the bundle closely and filled with amazement, when a similar
object caught my eye on the third step. An even bigger bunch of white
hair. When I bent down again and reached for it, I discovered another
even more bigger bunch of that on the fourth step. Every step I took,
there was another, a bigger bunch and everytime I collected it. On the
eighth step it was paired with blood. On the tenth step, pieces of skin
were tangled in the hair. And on the last step there lay an entire
blood-smeared scalp, along with the hair. This last bunch I didn’t
collect. I just stared on it with an open mouth. Knock. Knock, knock.
The door in front of me was closed but not locked. I reached for the
door handle. Pressed it down. The door didn’t move. I pulled against it
with all my strength. Then, finally, and accompanied by a loud,
miserable screech, the door swung inward.

As I lowered my foot onto the floor inside the room, it squelched loudly
and disgustingly beneath my sole. I fumbled for the light switch.
Flicked the light on. In the next moment, my whole world fell apart. I
stepped back in shock, my mouth open, ready to scream. There was a
clatter behind me, and I almost fell. I suddenly felt dizzy, like my
dinner was coming back up. Tears streamed from my eyes and a sob escaped
my throat. I couldn’t move. Maybe I would never be able to move again. I
didn’t know how long I had been standing there but it seemed to be a
very long time.

I was still shaking terribly when I heard footsteps, followed by my
grandpa’s voice. „Hello? Anybody here?“ I didn’t answer. I didn’t move.
I was completely silent. And while I heard the steps of my grandfather
coming closer, my fear kept growing and growing.
