My name is Kyle. I’ve always been interested in those urban exploration
videos where people get chased out or hear creepy shit, never thought
I’d be living it though. My friend Harry and I have always wanted to go
to places like in those videos to just look around and mess around I
guess. Problem is, we live in a small town with barely anything to do or
look at, so we were very limited on places to go to, other than the odd
drug house and out of business store.

One day, me and Harry had decided to do an all nighter trip to an asylum
about 2 hours from our town, our plan was to sneak out of my parents
house at around 11pm, then get the bus to a stop about a half hour walk
from the asylum. It’s also worth mentioning this asylum was looked
online by Harry, not me, I had never seen or heard of this place in my
entire life.

11pm comes, me and Harry climb out my window and get on the bus, once we
had got to the nearest stop to the asylum it was around 12:30-1am. We
walked the rest of the way, mainly just talking about random things to
pass the time. When we got to this asylum I was tired, like really
goddamn tired, i struggle with sleep a lot due to constant nightmares so
I was basically about to go into the most creepiest place I’ve ever seen
while on 3 hours of sleep. I’ll admit, I was scared, Harry being the
great friend he is said, “Stop being a bitch and follow me inside,
Kyle”. I followed him across the small, overgrown pathway, leading up to
the entrance of the asylum, I was surprised to see it wasn’t a broken or
boarded up door, it was actually in good condition considering how
overgrown the surrounding area is.

Harry was the first to walk in, he tried to act brave but I could tell
he was just as scared as me, in his defence though, this place looked
like a scene out of the outlast game once we got inside. Luckily we had
come prepared with flashlights, water and I even brought a switchblade
just in case, so we knew even if shit did go wrong then we’d at least
survive an extra 5 minutes if we don’t slip on a rock or something.
First few minutes were fairly boring, just walking around and making
small comments on the odd graffiti and rot on the walls.

Then we come up to a room with a number and name…”Room 13. Mariah Cr-“
the last part of the name was label was covered in red paint (I hope).
We walked into the room, Henry was looking on one side while I looked on
the other where the bathroom was. The room seemed fairly normal, a bed,
table, chair. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Now I’m sure people
can relate to moments like this but I couldn’t help but feel like I had
been or seen the room before, like I had stood in the exact same spot I
was in, looking in dirty, cracked mirror in front of me. I shrugged the
thought off and went back to Henry, in the sleeping area part of the
room, I noticed him staring into a corner of the room, I looked at him
curiously and asked “Dude, what are you looking at?”, He just stared for
a moment before saying “I thought I heard something…like a whisper”. I
assumed he was fucking with me, trying to make me scared so I just said
“yeah very funny. Let’s go, this room is boring”.

Skip forward a few minutes later and this is when things got weird.
Really. Fucking. Weird. We had just walked out of what I assume was an
office since there was filing cabinets and folders scattered around with
a desk and chair. Now we were in the room next to it, this seemed like
just another ordinary room for a patient, only this one had a broken
window and writing all over the walls, we didn’t get much change to read
the writing since we heard the sound of a something opening, like a
drawer, followed by the sound of a loud drop, as if someone had just
dropped a book on the floor. Me and Harry looked at each other, wide
eyed and silent. I was the first to speak up, “Harry, what the fuck was
that?” I said quietly. Harry replied in the same tone “I don’t
know…should we go look?”. I was hesitant but realised we would have to
go that way to leave anyway, so I pulled out my knife and slowly walked
into the hallway, we looked both ways down the hallway and then made our
way to the closest room to us, the office room. Once inside we saw an
open filing cabinet drawer and a folder with some papers on the floor.
The folder on the floor had a name on it, I picked it up, shined my
light onto it and read the name…”Mariah Cray-13”. After recognising the
name from earlier I opened it and started to read while Harry would look
around, scared shitless. It was mostly random details about the patient,
age, date of birth, place of birth, etc. then I saw a page titled
“reason for transfer”, in short…I found out this woman was sent to this
asylum for murdering her husband, son and her own parents too.
Apparently she had a court case and was sent to this asylum instead of
prison.

After about a minute of reading I started to realise this also seemed
familiar, word for word, letter for letter, I could swear I had read it
before. Then I remembered something…tears filled my eyes as the thought
hit, not sad or happy tears but tears of absolute fear. I had goosebumps
on every part of my body. I knew this place yet I had never seen it, I
had been here when I slept. Room 13, Mariah crays file, I could remember
every fucking part of it. I quickly turned to Harry and said in an
urgent tone “Harry we need to get the fuck out of here, NOW!”, he looked
like he was about to question me but was cut off when we heard a high
pitch, bloodcurdling scream from the hallway. Me and Harry booked it for
the stairs, not even bothering to speak or look for the sound. Then I
heard footsteps, fast and echoing footsteps that practically sent
somehow even more fear through me like water through a straw. Harry
slipped, but I went back for him…I grabbed him by his backpack and ran
out with him.

After what felt like ages, me and Harry made it outside, we took a
minute to catch our breath. Harry looked at me and said “what the fuck
was that shit?! How did you know to get out?”. I just looked at him for
a moment before saying “i saw the place in my nightmares…I knew
something was gonna happen if we didn’t leave”. It sounds cliche but
it’s true. Harry knew when to trust me, he knew I had good instincts
with shit like this so he just took my word for it. After another moment
of heavy breathing, Harry said “So…what happened at the end of the
nightmare?”. I thought for a long moment, just trying to remember, but I
couldn’t. After that fucked yo experience we started walking back to the
bus stop, once we got there we realised we still had a while to wait for
the bus to arrive. I decided in the meantime I’d write in my Diary about
what had just happened so…well I’m doing it now so yeah. Also Harry
searched up Mariah cray, turns out she had a son while at the asylum but
was deemed “not fit” to be a parent, she ended up killing a lot of
guards and staff to get her baby. Honestly respect to the woman for the
dedication, nobody knows where she is now or if she’s alive, nobody
knows about the baby either.

I was about to put my diary away when I remembered the rest of my
nightmare. I was away from the asylum, and, I’ll try remember better but
I think I was bleeding out from a stab wound. I got away from that
creepy bitch at the asylum but I still died? I don’t get it, I can’t
remember, I just remember dying. Don’t know who did it though so now I’m
conf-

Harry’s Diary. Day 22 I did it. I did what she wanted. I killed Kyle so
she could want me again. I hope she will be proud when I show her his
eyes, his lifeless but glowing eyes. Can’t wait to show mother

-Harry Cray

(I know this story was shit but I’ll be honest I made it up along the
way cause I was just bored. Hope anyone who reads it enjoys it anyway😂)
