I am a member of a multinational and fairly secretive organization
that’s been informally dubbed “la agencia” or “the agency” in Spanish.
We’re an agency that is trusted by governments all over South and
Central America to handle situations that arise whenever a supernatural
being emerges from hiding in Latin-America (and more recently North
America as well) and decides to wreak havoc on communities, towns,
cities, and even entire countries if powerful enough. We also want to
protect the supernatural beings themselves from malicious and
intelligent humans who’ve gained an awareness of their existence and
want to abuse them for profit. We believe that both living beings
(including non-humans) and the dead deserve to exist in peace, and work
to protect both life and death and to create a world wherein as many
beings as possible can coexist in relative peace.

You’re no doubt wondering if I’m some whistleblower but rest assured I
am not. This publication has been approved by not only la agencia itself
but also by governments including but not limited to: Honduras, Panama,
Cuba, Argentina, Brazil, Nicaragua, Colombia, Canada, Uruguay, and more.
Each of the governments included in this decision not only approved the
general tone of this message and a basic outline of what would be
revealed but also this specific version of a multitude of drafts sent to
representatives who met with politicians and generals possessing
top-security clearance and parsed through probably a dozen or so drafts
before settling on this one and giving it the greenlight. The Americas
are united in wanting the world to wake up and to not once again fall
asleep to the complex and supernatural reality of our world. There was a
time when humans unconsciously needed to reject the supernatural but
that time has passed. Now is the time to wake up and to accept the world
for what it is: a place filled with things beyond even the most creative
person’s imagination, things both beautiful and terrifying, and that
merits true-sight not a dull vision blocked by an inability to process
what we have been told for so long is not real.

In time I am going to share both my own stories and that of other agents
of la agencia who’ve given me permission to do so. We’re going to tell
you about our encounters with supernatural serial killers such as the
infamous Mexican monster The Macuahuitl Man, the Honduran fiend known as
El Diablo, and of the times we’ve protected supernatural beings such as
La Patasola, La Llorona, the Maricoxi and others from potentially fatal
confrontations with humans who discovered their existences and sought to
either wipe them out or enslave them. We’ve met aggressive gods like
Juracan and Guabancex and fought them to stop murderous plots against
other, calmer deities like Elal and Mas Alla. We’ve fought in ruined
underworlds like Xibalba, and Mictlan, and we want you to learn what
we’ve learned. If you’re ready for the truth don’t worry because in the
days to come you’ll learn more than you thought possible and be tested
in ways you never imagined possible. Don’t be afraid and learn to see
the truth for what it is, even if it means swallowing your pride and
throwing away what you thought you knew. The world is not changing,
rather it’s you that is not the same. You are now taking your first
steps towards seeing and embracing the truth of the world and not merely
what you want to be true. It will be tough but you can do this. Believe
in yourself just like la agencia believes in you.
