you can find part one here;
https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/anDeKByTGR

To my surprise, I was woken by the sunrise. I started walking before she
got high enough in the sky to cook me alive. I stopped to “saturate” my
scarf, so to speak. The liquid came out of me slowly and almost painful.
An almost viscous liquid closer in color to a cola than urine. The sight
and sensation sent my heart into a frenzy. My kidneys are failing me.
Even if I were to be saved right this second, it’d be weeks of recovery
in whatever hospital I could hope to see the inside of. I fell to my
knees not even having the energy to scream. I tried but all that came
from my mouth was a hoarse whisper, heartbeat pounding in my ears. I was
ready to lie there and let go. 
I don’t know what convinced me to come out here, but I do know who I am.
I know that I would have never started this god forsaken journey without
being certain of its outcome. Whatever happened before I got here, I
knew how this would go. I knew what it would take. I struggled back to
my feet, knees buckling under my own weight. I can feel the skin on my
feet tearing with each shuffling step. It’s much harder to walk today. I
have no choice but to keep heading to whatever might be out here. If I
had to die in order to find it, it wouldn’t be long now. 
My skin feels like it’s drawing tighter and tighter as my body dries
out. The skin around most of my joints has become cracked and is now
bleeding. My knuckles are cracked in a way that’s reminiscent of the
desert floor that I’m shuttling across. I still can’t see any sort of
shapes or structures in any direction. The only changes in my line of
sight are the heat waves resonating from the desert floor getting
stronger as the sun moves higher into the sky. I’m moving slower by the
minute, making the day feel even longer. I can feel my organs shutting
down. The pain in my gut is getting stronger, spreading to my stomach
now. I can only assume the mucus has all but dried up, leaving my
stomach to digest itself. I don’t want it anymore. I don’t care about
the pursuit of eternal life. I don’t even want to go back home. I just
want to die. My legs are propelling themselves now. My own body has
betrayed me. I can’t even lie down and die.
The sun’s sinking past the horizon, turning the endless void of blue
into the most vibrant orange, there’s beauty in this place if only
that. 
I saw something. Just before day turned to night there was a shape at
the edge of the horizon. I can’t tell if it was trees, but it looked to
be a green smudge. I fear that if I take time to rest tonight, I won’t
see the sun come back for me. I can’t risk it. I’ll walk through the
night as best I can. 
The stars have started fading away as the burning ball of hate creeps up
behind me. The almost black night sky is slowly changing to blue. I can
still see the vague shape in the distance. It’s closer now, but not
nearly enough. Faint bushes of green are beginning to take shape. It’s
here, it’s right there in front of me, but so far away. Even if it isn’t
some mystical power, it’s something that can save me. 
Sometime in the middle of the night I took my shoes off. The pain became
too much to bear. Something had to change, even if it would be for the
worse. My hands, barely functional now, struggled peeling the blood and
plasma soaked socks from my feet. Bits of flesh on my sole and some from
my toes came off with the socks. Leaving me wincing in pain, drooling on
myself all alone in the dead of night. The earth beneath now feels like
sand paper grinding down the soles of my feet. Grit falling apart
working its way into my flesh. The pain of organ failure rattles my
whole torso. Breathing is harder than ever. Every breath is like razor
blades, bits of blood and dirt from my lips sending me into a coughing
fit that leaves my head spinning. If I don’t make it there now, I won’t
make it. I started to run, if you can call it that. Shuffling at break
neck speeds. I managed to move at a good pace for a few minutes before I
noticed the trees weren’t getting any closer. I managed to let out one
final scream of anguish before my body gave out from beneath me and my
face hit the earth. 
