The light is not safe, help me.

Last summer I turned 20, after paying off half of my parents rent I was
able to find a decent house on the other side of town. I went over to
check it out, seemed ok enough, the usual broken down feeling that all
cheap rents are and so I took it. I of course didn’t ask why it was so
cheap, $1200 for a two story, I just assumed someone had died or it was
full of termites and stuff. Nothing I couldn’t fix living alone.

That was two-three weeks ago. The first week was fine, just me getting
used to living alone, a lot of takeout and such. A creaks in the pipes
and floors but nothing that an older house wouldn’t have. But then
halfway through the second week, Wednesday at around 11pm as I was going
to sleep I noticed my bathroom light on. Not really weird, I probably
forgot to turn it off. So I pushed my hand through the open doorframe
and reached around the wall and flicked the switch. Dark again. I turned
around going back to my bedroom and as I was about to open my door I saw
my shadow in front of me. I froze slightly, not from fear but confusion.
I turned around and saw it was the bathroom light casting its light
again.

“Is this why it was so cheap?” I whispered to myself, did I only get a
bad electrical set-up? Not the worse possibility. But of course that
also sounded dangerous in its own right, so I made a mental note to text
the landlord when I woke up tomorrow. I decided to go to bed without
turning the light of, thinking it would just turn back on again if I
flicked it once more.

That morning, I woke up and went to the bathroom. Lights off.

“Did the breaker trip?”

I got ready real quick and went to check it out in my garage, and nope,
it was fine. It just turned off on its own. That made me remember to
text the landlord, and tell him about some electrical problem, and about
ten minutes later he said that he’ll get someone to look at it on
Friday.

The hallway light turned on, then off. One two, left right, blink of the
eye. As soon as I Mr landlord texted me. “Creepy creepy creepy.” I
mumbled nervously. I had to leave for work, and so before I did I
switched thirteen circuit breakers, no power no light. Fixed.

I saw it pulling into my driveway. It was a late shift, so it wasn’t the
glare from the sun. Every light in my house was on. I honest to god
didn’t know what to think. Quick jumps between, a person broke in and
turned my breaker on, or the the electrician came way early, to what I
thought at the time most ridiculous. The house was mad at me. I ran in,
shouting, “WHO IS in… here?” Then coming to a mumble as I realized I was
being dumb. I needed to calm down. I went to the fuse box, all twelve
switches were turned off. I switched them all back on. “Bad wires, bad
wires.” I kept thinking, “eat dinner, take a shower, go to sleep.”

Before I ate, I turned off all the lights, doubting it would make a
difference through the night. Before the shower, no lights. After the
shower, the lights. When I was laying in bed, I looked at my bedroom
door. Looked at the crack between the wood and carpet. The light
blinked, then held itself for a few seconds, then blinked twice again.
If felt like some kind of rhythm. Blinked twice, those two flashes
somehow seeming brighter than the last. Held and held again into a
blink. I was scared shitless, I know I shouldn’t be, it’s just light,
and I’m a man. An adult. Four rapid blinks on and off, almost sounding
like the the very concept of turning on was breaking the house with how
much it creaked. Then the light stayed on, not changing.

It took me a few hours to fall asleep. Truth be told I wanted to run out
of there, and sleep and my car but then I’d have to run past the light.
Stupid fear I know, but what if that time it was someone? Something? I
dreamt of a shadow in the sun, I looked into it and saw what could only
be described as nothing. Not black, but instead what a blind person
sees. Don’t turn your head, don’t move your eyes, look behind you. You
can’t, you can’t see it, but it’s there. I saw that through the shadow.
It was outstretched every possible way, infinitely tall and wide.

“steL” rang through my ears, and I woke up.

Sweaty, my chest ached, I thought truly I was dying, but I took a
breath. I sighed I looked up. My lightbulb is broken. The one above my
bed, I could see the filament inside still glowing, cooling down but it
looked like it could be so- I looked down at my bed sheets covered in
the broken shards of bulb. That’s what it was, I had a nightmare and the
light breaking woke me up. Simple, dreams can time themselves with
reality, they do it all the time. like when you are right at the best
part of a dream, then you wake up and the super hot girl you were going
to kiss is gone forever. Then she’s replaced with the morning sun. I got
up, and cleaned the glass off my bed. I was going to run late to work. I
went to the bathroom.

“…house.” I spoke into the nipple light on the ceiling, “I’m sorry about
the breakers, I am.” I was sure that the broken bulb above my sleeping
body was like a fish head to a fat Italian mobster. “You gave your
warning, I will respect you, don’t hurt me.” I paused, “Please.”

I left. I didn’t want to know what the response would be, or even if
there was a response. This house was probably so broken that it was just
a matter of time before something broke. I took my time going home,
pulling in slowly, “God dammit.” My bedroom light was on. The one broken
light, after I made peace. Why would I even go in? Turning my own door
handle felt like seething iron, every fiber of my being was saying that
I’m being a dumbass. Turn back. I took a step into the living room.
Pitch black, like the moons bright glow didn’t even try to barge in
through the windows or my now open door. I gently closed the door behind
me, and faintly the ceiling light turned on, then off as my bathroom,
then as the hallway light turned on then off. Leading a light trail to
my room. My stomach turned into itself, I wanted to heave everything out
of myself. I slowly took my steps through the hardwood floor then,
besides the creaked open bathroom door. I nudged it fully open, I saw
the dim glow of that light. Then I saw it. I couldn’t before, it was too
bright, but now it’s just barely visible. Three scratched on letters, Y
O U deeply engraved onto the side.

“I’m the nipple?” I questioned. No, that was stupid, this is a threat on
me. I backed out into the hallway. My hand gripped my door knob as I
began to twist the knob. I opened it and nothing, no light, no shadow. I
felt my knees give out, my mind went dizzy. I felt frozen air blow past
me, my vision went blurry and fell on the floor, slowly coughing up
vomit. I woke up to a rough shaking of my shoulder, “Sir! Sir, are you
ok?” I saw the figure of a man that looked like a beer and a bobcat, the
electrician, he’s here now. I didn’t bother to answer him, I stumbled up
to my feet and ran wobbly out of the house, wiping the dried up vomit
off my face onto my arm. I dived into my car, and I drove. I went to a
motel for I think a few days. Yeah, it’s Sunday right now, I’m going to
head back home.

I smell burnt wiring and meat before I even open the door. My landlord
never texted me that the electrician finished his job. The door creaked
open by itself, I step through and I see him lying on the floor. The
ceiling fan crashed onto his head, leaving him there for I assumed the
last two days. He’s holding a piece of paper. It looks like some sort of
card stock. I pick it up, turn it around the word burnt into it. “See”
I’m tired, the fan light is so bright, I need to rest. Somewhere dark. I
walk to my room, ignoring the shadows slinking around every corner. When
did it take so long to get to my room? The lights strobe, and when I
open my bedroom door, it’s nothing. No light, no shadow, no bed, no
floor, no walls.

Before I go to sleep, I want to ask you guys if I can do anything about
the electrical problem. I’ll check when I wake up, thanks.
