I live in the attics and crawl spaces of my unsuspecting neighbors
houses. Not because I need a place to stay, but because I simply love to
invade their privacy. I know it’s odd, but it’s an urge of mine.

Sweet Cindy Steeleberg has quite the house by the way. A bit outdated,
but her bathroom in the master bedroom is freshly remodeled with a
beautiful walk in shower. It makes good for washing myself off when she
and her husband Clyde are gone for work throughout the day. Her attic is
also far more livable and spacious than that of the crawl space I stayed
in while living in Dick Fleetwood’s house. I’m thankful too that the
number of mice in Cindy’s attic is less than the attic of the Johnson’s
house.

 No house or household is the same, that’s the beauty of living in the
homes of my neighbors. Some houses are inhabited by a single person,
kind of like Ron Smith’s house. I snuck into his shortly after the
passing of his wife. Other places consist of larger families filled with
kids and pets, but I always make sure not to bite off more than I can
chew.  Some of them are contemporary houses with magnificent features,
and others have more of a vintage feel. A couple things remain the same
though for every house I’m lucky enough to live in… No ring doorbells or
cameras are on the neighboring homes, the home owners and their families
are all gone at least one day out of the work week, and one of the house
doors are left unlocked.

I’d never actually do it, but I should really go door to door and preach
a sermon to everyone about the importance of locking their doors. You’d
be surprised at how many get left unlocked. It’s usually never their
front entrance, that would be way too obvious and easy. Most commonly
it’s a side door or a kitchen window that grants me access. Every now
and then I’ll take the time and effort to scout the garage keypad to a
really nice house. 5378 was Dicks garage code. I sat and waited
patiently from afar for him to punch it in one Saturday morning. He had
just gotten back from his routine bike ride and it gave me the perfect
opportunity to jot down the digits as I stalked him with binoculars from
a place out of sight. The following monday I watched the house until I
was sure it was empty, and then I made my entry. It’s too bad my stay
there was cut short due to the lack of room in his crawl, ultimately the
payoff for that one wasn’t worth it.

Cindy Steelberg’s however, has had a huge payoff. Her and Clyde both
work 9-5 jobs and have a busy life. I feel like I practically own this
place. After conducting my research I know that they are both in their
early 50’s and that their only son, Jeremy, has a house and family of
his own. Maybe I’ll have to visit his house next. It’s also notable that
their fridge and pantry are always stocked up. An assortment and
abundance of different foods always makes it an easier task to sneak it
away without the home owners noticing.

Sometimes I do wonder how much of my presence is being noticed. Do they
notice that I’ve been using their shower every workday, or the fact that
I’ve used both of their toothbrushes multiple times? Sometimes I wonder
if they can hear my heavy breathing through the sheetrock of their
ceiling, or the sound of the creaky joists as I tip toe across them at
night while they’re in bed sleeping. In a weird way, I kind of hope that
they do. The idea of almost being caught makes the experience that much
more worth it.

This is sadly the last day I will be living with Cindy and her husband
though. I’ve had my fix with her and her house. I’ve left all of the
bread crumbs I could leave before getting caught. All of the bread
crumbs except one. I’m writing this post from her home computer, logged
into Clyde’s reddit account. When she and her husband get home today
this post will be left open on their desktop, except I will be long
gone. I’ll be looking for my next stay, and unless you want it to be
your house, I strongly suggest you lock up all of your doors.
