Hey, this is my first time on Reddit and I just wanted to post my story
here. It seem like you guys would appreciate it.

So my name is Caleb, I’m 23, and I’ve been just floating around in life
recently, kinda not motivated for much. I don’t have any friends, the
only person in my life is my mom, she’s always supported me but… I’m
afraid. She not online at all so she will never hear this, she’ll think
I’m crazy, but I need to tell my story.

I was just getting done with all my work, I’m a transcriptionist, so I
just wanted to drive and clean my head from all the rambling and droning
voices I hear all day. I drove through town just looking out at all the
fast-food places. I couldn’t bring my self to eat, I hated looking at
myself, I hated talking to people so I was better off just driving,
that’s when I heard it. It was a low rumbling, a gravely voice of man. I
looked around check all I could while driving I still heard it, it just
got lower and lower, it was monotone and senseless, he wasn’t speaking
he was gargling sounds out of his mouth like a fountain.

I ended up pulling over at an empty gas station. I turned my car off and
it stopped, I was freaked I still don’t know what it was. I just sat in
my car for a minute then went out and checked everything, nothing was
out of place not a sound anymore, it was desolate, void of life and
lights. I just looked around at the empty building and roads. I thought
maybe I was just imagining things but then… It was piercing like getting
stabbed in both ears with the might of God. It was a sharpe high pitched
howl, it broke through the silence and dead air like a shotgun. I
clasped my ear in my front seat “what the fuck?” I had no clue what was
going on, I just. It started so slow now it’s stuck. I drove home and I
heard more, I heard a woman yelling, screaming as though she had lost
every bone in her body, all that was left were her vocal cords screaming
for help ringing in my ears.

It won’t stop, nothing will ever stop it, I can’t work, I can’t sleep,
and can’t fucking function. It crippling, my head is like a drum getting
demolished, over and over, every sound, every voice. Everyone I’ve ever
known or could imagine screaming, cursing, crying, begging, laughing.
THEY JUST FUCKING TAUNT ME!!!! I NEED HELP AND I CANT FUCKING HOLD IT. I
just need to cut it all out. I try and try and try to be normal. I tried
telling this and fucked it. I’m going to stop this torrent of
everything, every thought, every fear, every call, every signal,
EVERYTHING!! IT’S FUCKING TORMENTING TO HEAR EVERYTHING YOU DO AND DON’T
WANT TO HEAR ALL AT ONCE!! I can’t stand fucking breath or moving with
all of this. I’m fixing this if it stops I’ll be back and if it doesn’t…
