Although I wouldn’t say I liked all their songs, Opeth was one of my
favorite metal bands. There was something about their music that
resonated with me. ‘Harlequin Forest’ was my favorite song, and I always
sang along to the first verse.

They were coming to play at Terminal 5 as part of their
twentieth-anniversary tour, and they were going to play the entirety of
Blackwater Park—my favorite album, so I bought a ticket as soon as they
went on sale.

I mostly went to concerts by myself because I didn’t know anyone that
shared the same musical interests as me, but I never let that muddy the
feeling of seeing my favorite bands perform live.

There was a sizeable crowd at Terminal 5 that night, but it wasn’t
claustrophobia-inducing. I found a spot about three rows of people from
the stage and anxiously waited. Even though the concert hadn’t started
yet, the air was thick with the smell of Mary Jane, and I knew that I
was going to be in for a crazy night.

The lights dimmed, and smoke started to fill the stage. All
conversations ceased as if a librarian had hushed the crowd. The members
of Opeth strode onto the stage, and as soon as the first guitar string
was plucked, the crowd erupted.

People sang along, headbanging in place, but others became too
overzealous, forming a mosh pit where I was standing. I did not like
them, so I started backing out of it. I bumped into this guy, causing a
chain reaction, and he bumped into a woman, and she fell. The guy was
unfazed and continued to swing his hands in the air, so I helped her up.

“Sorry about that,” I said, loud enough for her to hear me over the
music. “I hate being in these things and was just trying to get out
before it got out of hand.”

“I can’t stand mosh pits, either. They’re just an excuse for people to
shove each other around.”

“Exactly. Shit! Sorry, I should have asked first, but are you okay? It
looked like you took quite the fall.”

“Yeah, I think I’m okay. Thank you for helping me up.”

“Well, I was partly responsible, but you’re welcome. My name is Jeremy,”
I said while extending my hand. After a moment, she took it.

Her hand was soft, yet she had a firm grip. I don’t know if it was me or
my nerves, but her hand gave off this eerie feeling.

“My name is Nicavero,” she said, but the sound of people shouting at
each other eclipsed her voice.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that.”

“Sorry.” She smiled. “My name is Veronica.”

Veronica and I talked for a little more, rotating glances between us and
the stage until Opeth started to play “Reverie, Harlequin Forest,” and
we sang along.

“Into the trees

Past meadow grounds

And further away from my home

Baying behind me

I hear the hounds

Flock’s chasing me to find me alone.”

I’ve always gotten emotional at concerts and tonight was no different. I
couldn’t prevent the tears from welling up, and as I went to wipe them
away, one rolled down my cheek. I glanced at Veronica through the corner
of my eye, hoping that she only saw doves crying, but she was dabbing
her eyes with a tissue.

We talked outside some more after the concert, but it was beginning to
get late, so Veronica hailed a cab and disappeared into a sea of yellow
and red.

It was still comfortable outside despite the hour, and I decided to walk
the 20 or so blocks home.

Thoughts of Veronica began to invade my mind. Her captivating eyes. The
way she smiled and laughed. The way our conversation flowed so easily.
There was just something about her that gave me butterflies in my
stomach. But that feeling was replaced with regret when I realized that
I had never asked for her number.

What an idiot, I thought to myself. I was always afraid of misreading
the situation, so I struggled to know when the right time to exchange
numbers was. But this time, it felt like Veronica and I had a genuine
connection, and I squandered that opportunity. As I reached my apartment
door, I told myself there was no point in dwelling on it.

I took a shower, letting the hot water wash away the stench of the
concert, and got into bed. Before I allowed sleep to overcome me, I
thought, maybe I’ll be lucky enough to see her at another concert.

My alarm went off at 7 AM the following morning annnnnd I hit the snooze
button. One of the benefits of working for yourself is that you can
snooze your alarm as many times as you like. I was lying there, playing
on my phone, when the message notification popped up. I tapped on it and
saw it was from an unknown number.

V: Hey, good morning.

V: I know I’m supposed to wait three days

V: But I just wanted to say that I enjoyed our conversation last night

V: And to thank you again for helping me up (even though you caused it
😊).

Maybe I’m still dreaming. I pinched my cheek to confirm that I was
awake.

J: Um, sorry, but who is this?

My mind went to who I wanted it to be, but we hadn’t exchanged
numbers…right?

V: Oh, I’m sorry, I must have the wrong number.

V: I was trying to reach Jeremy.

V: Sorry to have woken you.

Veronica!

J: Veronica?

I stared at my phone with bated breath, waiting for confirmation.

V: Yes

V: Jeremy?

It was her.

J: Yes

J: Hi

J: Good morning

J: Sorry

J: I didn’t think we’d exchanged numbers

J: I guess we did and I forgot

She laughed. I mean, she wrote “lol,” but I don’t really know if she
laughed or not.

I was happy that she texted me, but not remembering whether I gave her
my phone number bothered me a little.

We texted uninterrupted for about fifteen more minutes before saying
that we needed to start the day.

V: Talk to you tomorrow

V: Have a great day!

J: Looking forward to it

J: Have a great day as well

I woke up to a “Good morning” text from Veronica the following day, as
well as the majority of the mornings that followed. Sometimes I beat her
to the punch and texted first, and sometimes we texted each other
simultaneously.

About a week and a half had passed before I worked up enough courage to
call her. It was weird at first. There was a lot of awkward silence, but
once I told Veronica that I wasn’t the greatest phone talker, and she
said she was the same, our conversations flowed as smoothly as the night
we met. And it was about two weeks before she worked up the courage to
ask if I wanted to go out and ‘people watch’ in Union Square the coming
Saturday.

I was looking forward to seeing Veronica again. Even though we talked
just about every day, whether it was on the phone or texting, it didn’t
compare to being able to stare into her dreamy eyes.

Saturday finally came, and we met near the guys playing chess in Union
Square Park. Surprisingly, she hugged me, and it was nice to be in her
embrace. Damn, she smells good.

We sat on the stairs and watched teens practice their kick-flips and
ollies. Someone was serenading us with their makeshift drums. All around
us, people were enjoying their Saturday.

“Hey, I’m sorry, but can we go to Barnes and Noble so I can use the
restroom?”

“Sure, but DSW is across the street, and they have a bathroom, too,” I
responded.

“Yeah, I know, but I wanted to see if they had Grant Hinton’s new book,
Unread: Vol 3.”

“Oh, I didn’t know you were into horror books, too.”

“Yeah. I have been reading them for a few years now. Are you currently
reading anything?”

“Not currently, but I’ve been meaning to buy Undulating Flesh: A Flash
Fiction Amalgamation by Jesse Pullins. Maybe Barnes and Noble will have
it in stock. Speaking of which, I guess we should start heading over
there.”

We made our way to B&N, dodging people and rats alike. While Veronica
went to the restroom, I went to the horror fiction section. An employee
told me that books from both authors were only available on Amazon, but
they were hoping to stock them soon.

I was busy reading the backs of books when I felt a hand touch my
shoulder.

“Hey, sorry about the wait. There was a long line for the women’s
restroom.”

“Isn’t there always,” I responded, and we both chuckled. “Oh, they don’t
carry Hinton’s or Pullins’ books yet, so we’ll have to order them from
Amazon.”

“Oh well, guess we’ll have to order them.”

Veronica joined me in looking through the fantasy section when our
stomachs growled simultaneously. We looked at each other, laughed, and
decided that we should listen to our stomachs and eat.

We went to The Coffee Shop, a nice restaurant/bar located about a
three-minute walk from Barnes and Noble. The late-evening crowd was
there in full force, but we found two seats at the bar.

Veronica randomly asked, “so, where do you see yourself in five years?”
and I almost choked on my beer. I suddenly felt like I was interviewing
for a job that paid 120K a year and had full benefits, two months of
time off, full tuition reimbursement, and a parking spot.

She must have seen the sweat that was starting to accumulate on my brow
because she said, “relax, I’m just kidding,” with a coy smile on her
face.

I still gave the originally intended response: “hopefully, with you.”

She blushed, and we stared into each other’s eyes. Some unseen force
pulled our lips together, and they met in an explosion of passion and
lust.

We paid the bill and got in a cab. It was torture trying to keep our
hands off each other, but neither wanted to give the driver a free show.

Veronica thrust herself upon me before I could even finish locking my
door, grabbing my hair, and encircling my tongue in hers.

Clothes were torn off and tossed asunder as we made our way into the
bedroom.

Veronica threw me onto the bed and straddled me, kissing my body, slowly
making her way down and taking me into her mouth. She licked and sucked
while I gripped the sheets and moaned in pure ecstasy.

She repeatedly brought me close to the point of no return before sliding
on a condom, and she bit her lower lip as I entered her.

Veronica rode me so intensely that the bed creaked, and the frame
slammed against the wall. It must have been hitting the plug for my
bedside lamp because the light started to flicker as her moans grew
louder and her movements got faster.

I rolled her nipples with one hand while the other grabbed her hips,
trying to keep us in sync. Her movements became faster and more
purposeful, and I could tell that she was close.

Veronica yelled, “Ho ym odg, n’tdo opst, oh my god,” repeatedly.

I felt my heartbeat quicken, and I joined in on her song.

“Oh, fuck. Oh shit. Oooooh shhhhiiiiii—”

*Forty seconds until ejaculation*

“Listen up, the moment we have been training for all our lives has
finally come. We have one goal and one goal only. Any of you bastards
care to tell me what that is?”

“Sir, to reach the egg, sir.”

“Damn fucking right, corporal!”

*Thirty seconds until ejaculation*

“I’m scared; I don’t want to die.”

“Ninety-nine percent of us will die, Private. It is what we were bred to
do! So instead of not knowing if you will die, let’s choose to die
today!”

*Twenty seconds until ejaculation*

“What are we!”

“Sperm.”

“I can’t hear you. I said WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE!”

“SPERM!”

“AND WHAT ARE WE HERE TO DO!”

“PROCREATE.”

*Ten seconds until ejaculation*

“Dam fucking right!”

“HOLD!”

“HOLD!”

“HOLD!”

“CHARGE!”

“FOR PROCREATION!”

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAH!”

“CHAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGE!”

“FOR PROCREATION!”

“Sir, we’re getting slaughtered out there. They’re sentries patrolling
the area, and protecting the shield, even if it cost them their lives.”

“Goddammit Jones, where the fuck are my reinforcements? And somebody get
that damn battering ram.”

“Sir! The reinforcements are here, and we’ve just broken through the
shield.”

“TO THE EGG!”

“TO THE EGG!”

“—iiiiiiiiitttttttt!”

We moaned in unison as the lamp flickered more violently, and the bulb
shorted itself out as we climaxed together.

Veronica collapsed onto my chest, and we lay there, desperately trying
to catch our breaths.

The feeling of her bare skin against mine was electrifying, and
everything just felt right. She said she wanted to spend the night, and
I didn’t protest. We showered and fell asleep spooning.

ZZZZZZ

“Kewa pu! I idsa kewa pu!”

*slap*

A slap across my face jolts me awake, and I instinctively try to cover
my face, but my hands won’t move.

*slap*

Another slap, and I recoil in pain. I try to open my eyes, but a
blinding light forces them shut. The light penetrates my eyelids.

*punch*

A heavy fist connects with my stomach, and I gasp for air through the
pain.

“Please stop. Why are you doing this?

“Utsh pu! We’ll see if she still likes you after I’m done.”

“What the fuck are you talking about. I don’t even kno—”

*kick*

I howl out in pain as a foot buries itself into my groin.

“I idsa utsh het ckfu pu.”

*scrape*

The sound of metal on metal causes my body to shake. I try to open my
eyes again, but it’s like staring into the sun.

“Wait! No! Stop!”

I plead, but they fall on deaf ears.

*stab*

A blade pierces my flesh and scrapes against my ribs.

“Aaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrr—

ZZZZZZ

“—ggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!”

“Jeremy! Jeremy! Wake up!”

Someone shook me.

“Get off me! Get off me! Get off me!”

“Jeremy! Please wake up! You’re dreaming. Jeremy!”

A voice penetrated all the pain and brought me back. I touched my side
and was relieved that I didn’t feel any open wounds or blood. I opened
my eyes and saw Veronica.

“I don’t think I’ve ever been so happy to see someone.”

I pulled her in close.

“Hey, are you okay?”

“I think so. I had a horrible nightmare, and it felt so real.”

“Do you remember what it was about?”

I tried, but I drew a blank.

“I don’t.”

“Are you okay now?”

“Yeah, I think so. Can we lay here for a while longer?”

“Of course, we can. It’s Sunday, and I don’t have anywhere to be.” She
snuggled up to me, and I relished in the warmth of her body while trying
not to think about the nightmare and how it made me feel.

We got up a little while later and lounged around the rest of the day.
It was nice just being able to relax with Veronica.

She left in the late afternoon, and we talked throughout the week. She
was back at my place on Saturday, which became our routine.
Occasionally, I spent the night at her apartment, but I think Veronica
preferred to stay with me.

Her apartment was smaller than mine—one bedroom compared to my three—and
the space felt a little cramped. She also had a significant amount of
art supplies, but she was a freelance artist, so that was expected.

Although I didn’t have them every night, the nightmares continued.
Fortunately, Veronica was always there to comfort me when I woke up.

I’d never placed much stock in relationships before, but I was grateful
for the one I had with Veronica. She made me happy, and her ever-present
smile told me I made her happy, too.

V: Do you want to have a picnic on Saturday?

V: The weather is supposed to be beautiful

J: Probably not as beautiful as you are

V: 😊

J: A picnic sounds like an excellent idea

J: Where are you thinking of going?

V: How about central park?

J: Sounds like a plan

Veronica came over that Friday and we made a charcuterie board for the
picnic Saturday morning.

Despite the beautiful weather, there weren’t many people on the East
Meadow, and we found a nice spot under the shade of a great tree.

We enjoyed the fruits, and meats, of our labor from the morning as the
joyful screams of children from the adjacent playground filled the air.

We were talking about our plans for the following week when I got the
feeling that we were being watched. I scanned my surroundings, and when
my eyes fell upon a woman standing on the other side of the fence, she
quickly turned her gaze to the phone in her hand.

I don’t know why, but something about her was unsettling. Maybe it was
because she was wearing a coat and Uggs when it was warm out. Or perhaps
it was because she had an umbrella stroller with her, but there wasn’t a
baby inside it. It’s possible that her child was at the park with
another adult.

Had she been watching us?

“Hey, is everything alright?”

Veronica startled me.

“What? Oh. Sorry. A lady was staring at us.”

Veronica followed the direction of my gaze, but the woman wasn’t there
anymore.

“She was there a moment ago.”

“Maybe your intensity scared her off.” Veronica laughed at her quip.

“Very funny.”

It was probably just my imagination.

“Jeremy, I have something for you.”

Veronica pulled out a nondescript brown paper bag from her purse. She
smiled as she handed it to and as I took it, my pulse began to quicken.

I think my heart knew what was in the bag before my brain did, and as I
opened it and pulled out a small piece of clothing, I didn’t even try to
wipe away the tears that slowly ran down my cheek.

It was a onesie that said, “a new member is joining your band,” in big,
bold letters. I stared at those life-changing words for what seemed like
forever, and then I stared into Veronica’s teary eyes before pulling her
into my embrace.

As if rehearsed, we simultaneously said, “we’re having a baby.”

I stared into her eyes again, and, for the very first time, I said, “I
love you.”

“I love you, too.”

I couldn’t believe that we were having a baby. It was exciting but also
terrifying. I didn’t have the slightest idea about how to be a father,
and, growing up, I never had a role model.

Sure, there was a man who had the role of a father, but he didn’t act
like one.

His name was Bruno, and he was a selfish, self-centered prick who only
loved and cared about himself and his future. He would rant on about
wanting to be remembered, whatever that meant.

He was barely home and spent even less time with my mom and me.

When he was home, he sat on the couch, drinking beer while watching
re-runs of black and white sitcoms. Even though he’d seen it hundreds of
times, he would spit out beer whenever he saw Lucy hiccup because she
had too many doses of Vitameatavegemin.

My parents constantly argued because he wasn’t doing his job as a man,
husband, or father, and he didn’t like to be told about himself. He
would always storm off like a petulant child.

I always asked why she continued to stay married to him, and her
response would always be: “even though he doesn’t show it (or say it),
he still loves us.”

He showed just how much he loved my mom when he hit her in the face with
a beer bottle, fracturing her right eye socket.

It was a very traumatic day for all of us. My mother lost the vision in
her right eye, and my father got his wish and was immortalized on a milk
carton.

I forced out those negative feelings and hurtful memories and tried to
focus on the present. I focused on how I would be the number one dad in
the universe.

“Move in with me,” I said, the words coming out on their own. “I mean,
we’re starting a family, right? It makes sense that we live together. We
can turn the extra bedroom into a nursery, and I can consolidate my
things so you can have enough room for your art supplies in my office.”

“You would do that for me?”

“Of course, I would.” But then a thought occurred to me. “What about
your lease? Are you going to be able to get out of it?”

“Technically, it’s my parent’s apartment. They bought it when they first
moved here, and when I voiced that I wanted to move out on my own, their
condition was that I would move into it.”

“Oh, okay. How soon do you want to move in?”

“Well, if you don’t mind, I can pack the essentials tonight and take a
cab back to your place.”

“I think you mean our place, and I’ll come with you to help you get some
stuff together.”

I couldn’t believe how my life was turning out. It felt like it was only
yesterday that I avoided a personal injury lawsuit at the concert, and
now we were having a baby, and Veronica was moving in with me. Although
it has only been a few months since we met, they have been the best
months of my life, and sometimes you just move at the speed of life.

“Hey, do you want to meet my mother?” I asked, hoping she didn’t notice
the hesitancy in my voice.

I wasn’t as close to my mother as I used to be, and long periods of time
would go by before we saw or spoke to each other. Every time I looked at
her face or heard her voice, I was reminded of what was taken from us,
and sometimes it was too unbearable.

“I would love to. Will I meet your dad as well?”

“He left us several years ago, and I haven’t heard a word from him
since. We don’t talk about him.”

“I’m sorry to hear that, but I understand. The relationship between me
and my parents is strained. Despite my age, they are very
overprotective, and like I said earlier, only let me move out if I lived
in their old apartment.”

Of all the conversations we’ve had, I don’t think we ever talked about
our family, and now it makes sense.

I simply replied, “I understand,” not wanting to unearth any more
unwanted emotions.

We finished our picnic and went to Veronica’s place so she could pack
enough to get her through the week. We were going to start moving her
things the following Saturday.

Veronica went to bed shortly after we got home, and I wasn’t too far
behind her. Unfortunately, my brain had other plans, so I had a staring
contest with the ceiling. The score was tied, and it was sudden death.
The ceiling was about to relent when Veronica began talking in her sleep
and startled me. I cursed myself for blinking and moved my head closer
to her mouth.

She didn’t sound like she was speaking English. Although Veronica never
said that she spoke another language—I never explicitly asked—it may be
another thing I haven’t learned about her yet.

Veronica had been repeating the same thing intermittently, so I got my
phone ready to record the next time she spoke. Then I put it through
Google Translate to see if it matched any of the languages in its
database, but the results came up empty. It did, however, approximate a
spelling: illavan eic amcre.

I carefully got out of bed and went into the living room to replay the
recording of her voice. The more I listened, the more I felt like I’d
heard that language before if it’s even another language. Veronica was
an undercover Trekkie for all I knew, and she was speaking in Klingon.

I decided that it would be best to wait until the morning to ask
Veronica.

I brought up the sleep talking during breakfast, and Veronica said she
didn’t remember talking in her sleep or if she dreamt. Then I played the
recording for her. I don’t know if I imagined it, but I thought I saw a
hint of recognition on her face.

“Do you speak another language? Do you have any idea of what you were
saying?”

“Sorry, English is my first and only language. I wish I knew what I was
saying, though.”

I took her word for it and dropped it. I didn’t have a reason not to
believe her, and even if she had lied, it wasn’t like I had been
one-hundred percent honest with her.

Between Veronica’s sleep talking and my nightmares, it was a feat that
we got any sleep.

It took two weeks to move Veronica’s stuff in, and we left her furniture
and bulky art supplies at her old apartment. We finished just in time
because Veronica’s first prenatal appointment was coming up.

Her primary care physician was also her OB/GYN, and their office was in
a brownstone in Harlem. The façade of the building was no different from
that of any of the other brownstones on the block, and the
waiting/reception area was as plain as plain yogurt. However, the inside
of the examination room was like something I had never seen before. It
felt like I was stepping onto a science fiction movie set. Granted, the
only time I’ve seen equipment from an OB’s office was on television, so
I couldn’t say if it was futuristic or not, but it looked to be.

The nurse came into the room, took Veronica’s vitals, and instructed her
to undress and put on a gown while we waited for the doctor to come in.
Her doctor walked in a few minutes later and began the examination.

Veronica’s doctor moved a ‘magic wand’-like device over her stomach, and
a rhythmic sound started to fill the room.

I couldn’t believe that I was hearing the heartbeat of our baby. In a
matter of months, the thought that I would be holding a bundle of joy,
rocking them to sleep, just warmed my heart and put a massive smile on
my face.

Then the screen that the wand was connected to came to life, and I saw
distinguishable movements on the screen. Veronica’s doctor must’ve
noticed my bewilderment and removed the wand from Veronica’s belly,
killing the image on the screen.

“Oh, sorry, the machine started to playback footage from a previous
ultrasound. I’ll have to get IT to investigate why that happened.
Veronica, we’re done for the day, but can I speak with you alone?”

Veronica got this look on her face and said, “sure.”

“Jeremy, do you mind waiting in the reception area? I won’t be too
long.”

“I’ll wait for you outside.”

I kissed Veronica and closed the door behind me, but I heard hushed
voices before I made it to the end of the hallway. I couldn’t make out
what they were saying or the tone of their voices, but it sounded like
they were speaking a different language.

I wanted to trust Veronica, but I had a suspicion that she had been
lying to me.

Did I truly know Veronica? What kind of skeletons was she hiding in her
closet?

I had only been outside for a few minutes before I got the same feeling
that I had at the picnic; that I was being watched. I slowly panned my
head, scanning my surroundings. I saw the same woman from Central Park.
She was across the street, standing near a tree. Just like at the
picnic, she quickly glanced down at her phone when I saw her.

“Excuse me, can I help you with something?!”

She pretended not to hear me, So I started to descend the stairs.

“Excuse me! Is there a reason why you’re staring at me?

“Jeremy, where are you going?”

I turned around.

“That woman from the picnic is across the street. I think she has been
stalking us. How else would she know that we’re here?”

Veronica looked at the woman, and, just like when I played the recording
of her voice, I saw a hint of recognition in her face.

“Veronica, do you know her?”

“No, Jeremy, I don’t know her, but it’s a small world. Maybe she is
visiting someone. Maybe she stopped to tie her shoe, and you just
happened to look in your direction.”

“Are you serious right now? Why are you getting so defensive? And what
was that back in the doctor’s office? The thing on the screen? And I’m
pretty sure I heard you and the doctor speaking the same language that I
hear when you talk in your sleep. What are you not telling me? What are
you hiding, Veronica?”

“I’m not hiding anything. Can we please just go home?”

“Whatever, Veronica. Let’s go.”

We had never argued before, let alone raised our voices at each other,
which made the current situation especially difficult.

Veronica and I barely talked on the way home, and once we got there, the
space just felt so small. I needed some fresh air and some time to think
about everything, so I put on my shoes and started to leave.

“Jeremy, where are you going?”

“I need some time to think. I’m going for a walk.”

I locked the door behind me, and as I walked to the stairwell, I heard
Veronica start crying. I wanted to go back. I just wanted to hold her. I
wanted everything to be okay, but it wasn’t. She was lying to me, and I
didn’t know why.

I walked without a destination in mind. I loved Veronica, but what is a
relationship without trust.

My phone buzzed.

“Hello.”

“Jeremy, I’m sorry. Please come back home. I’ll tell you everything.”

“No more secrets, Veronica. Promise me.”

“I promise, no more secrets.”

I was happy that she had called. I changed directions and started to
walk home.

“Okay, I’m walking back home, and I’m sorry that I just left like that.”

“You don’t have to apologize. It was my fault. I should have told you
the truth. I was afraid that you wouldn’t love me anymore and leave me.”

“Hey, you don’t have to cry. There’s nothing that you can tell me that
would make me love you any less. You are the best thing that has ever
happened to me. I love you, Veronica.”

“Oh, Jeremy, I love you, too.”

A panel van clipped my leg as I crossed the street, sending me to the
ground, and my phone tumbled to the road.

Two men jumped out.

“What the fuck is your problem? You fucking hit me!”

One of the men picked up my phone, and the last thing I heard before a
boot made contact with my face was, “ouy ldn’tshou veha ftle ew,
Nicavero.”

>>|

“Kewa pu! I idsa kewa pu!”

*punch*

A punch to my stomach jolts me awake and knocks the wind out of me.
Before I can catch my breath, I feel another.

*punch*

I groan in pain. I try to open my eyes, but all I see is darkness.

*punch*

I try to move my hands but can’t.

“Where am I? Why am I tied up? Why can’t I see?”

“Reyou otn llyrea ni a tionposi ot ska tionsques, rea ouy?”

*punch*

Blood immediately fills my mouth.

“Please stop. Please. Why are you doing this to me?”

“Ywh! Ywh!”

“I don’t understand what you’re saying.”

“You took Nicavero from me.”

“Who is that? I don’t know anyone by that name.”

“Veronica, you filthy human.”

*punch*

“What are you talking about?”

*punch*

“Oh, it looks like you’re bleeding. Let me help you with that.”

He takes off my blindfold, shoves it into my mouth, and proceeds to
punch me like Kenshiro. The pain is excruciating.

When he stops to wipe the blood off his knuckles, I try to get a good
look at his face. It’s unlike anything I’ve seen before.

His skin is charcoal grey. His face almost looks human, but the
proportions are all wrong. And his eyes. He has no pupils. It’s like
staring into an abyss.

“What the hell are you? Who are you? What do you want with me?”

“Hahahahahahahahaha—”

“What the fuck is so funny?”

Anger starts to eclipse any pain that I feel.

“You poor, poor, frail human. You don’t remember me, do you?”

“Why would I fucking remember you? I’ve never seen you before in my
life?”

“Come now, don’t hurt my feelings. I’ve been in your dreams almost every
night.”

“What the fuck are you talking about?”

He walks to a metal table, grabs a knife, and drags it across it. The
sound of metal against metal makes me feel unbridled fear.

“It seems like you are starting to remember. I knew the dream invader
would work, but I didn’t know that the subjects would forget.”

He approaches me slowly, methodically.

The only thing I can do is plead.

“Please stop. I’ll do anything. Please.”

“You can die, so Veronica has no choice but to return to me.”

He stabs me in the leg.

“Arrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhh.”

Urine and blood soak my jeans.

“She was promised to me. To me!”

He yells as he drives the blade in deeper.

He stands up and walks back to the table, retrieving another knife.

“And if I can’t have her, you can’t either.”

The blade scrapes against my rib cage and finds its way into my lung.

“I wish I would’ve brought some popcorn to munch on while I watch you
bleed out.”

I no longer feel any pain, just sadness and hopelessness. I was never
going to see Veronica again. I was never going to hold her, kiss her,
see her smile. I was never going to meet our baby. Hold them. Rock them
to sleep. Bounce them on my knee.

It was all over for me, and I could do nothing about it.

I stare at the Mars Attack reject and spit on him.

He laughs as he wipes it from his face, but it is cut short when the
door is kicked open by the lady from the park. He stands up and rushes
her, but he is too slow. She gets behind him, grabs his arms, and rips
them off. He screams, but that is cut short, too, when she rips off his
head, splattering everything with a dark, viscous liquid.

I lose consciousness as she walks over to me and smiles.

>>|

Beep

Beep

Beep

“JeremyI’msofpiyhwethnldsf”

Beep

Beep

Beep

“Pleaselknfioehnflme.”

Beep

Beep

Beep

“poihyfoenfoikhdfyou.”

Beep

Beep

Beep

“I lovekjlhbefihaosdnfoih.”

Beep

Beep

Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep

>>|

“lkhjfdo9he’s finally waking up.”

“Oh, Jeremy, I thought I lost you forever.”

I hear a familiar voice and open my eyes. Everything is blurry.

“Veronica, is that you?” I struggle to speak.

“I’m so sorry. It’s my fault that this happened to you.”

I can feel her tears hit my hand. My vision slowly begins to return, and
I look around as much as my head allows me to.

“Where am—” I cough.

Veronica puts a glass of water against my lips, and I let the cold
liquid soothe my throat.

I try to move my body, but it hurts so much.

“You shouldn’t try to move yet.” Another familiar voice. I follow it,
and it’s Veronica’s doctor. “You’ve suffered extensive tissue damage,
and your body isn’t done healing itself yet. But you’ll be good as new
just in time for the baby. I’ll make sure of it.”

I don’t know what’s going on or where I am. The last thing I remember is
that freak having his head ripped off.

“Who was the guy that tried to kill me? Who was that lady that saved
me?”

“You will have answers in due time, but now you must rest. Veronica,
please leave.”

“I’ll be back to check on you.”

She kisses me on the forehead.

“I love you. And I promise I will tell you everything.”

“I love you, too.”

She leaves, and I close my eyes.

>>|

I open my eyes and look around the room.

“Mom. Is that you?”

She’s sitting next to my bed, reading a book.

“Good morning sleepy head. You had us worried. How do you feel?”

I sat up, and my body didn’t hurt anymore.

“I feel better. I don’t mean to sound rude, but what are you doing here?
Where are we?”

“It’s not rude sweetie. I can imagine that all this doesn’t make much
sense right now. After you were taken, Veronica sent her bodyguard to
get me and make sure I was kept safe.”

“Her bodyguard?”

“Yes. The woman that saved your life. Be sure to thank her when you see
her.”

So much going through my head. I don’t know how to make sense of any of
it.

“Where’s Veronica?”

“She’s on the bridge. She said that she’ll visit you later. You sure got
yourself a keeper.”

She laughs and then winks her right eye at me.

“The scar. It’s gone.”

“You can thank Veronica’s doctor for that. She reversed the damage, and
now I can see out of it again.”

I can’t believe what I’m hearing.

“We’re on our way to meet Veronica’s parents. As far as where we are,
you can see for yourself.”

My mother helps me out of bed, and we walk to the window. She pulls up
the shade, and I can’t believe what I see.

A reddish-looking planet and two moons.

THK
