This self written diary will b 2 or 3 or 4 episodes bcuz i yet havnt
accepted dat this happened this way🤭🤭

Episode 1😊🤗

3 hours before flying to this middle eastern sand country named “Iraz”
which is bethween Iran & Iraq🤪🤪 to give them democracy and free them
from Islam Dictatorship Anti-Semistism Terrorism (put freedom & respect
on our DiDi😜 take irazian women and send the the respect they desreve
deep inside their bodies from the rectum🤗) this very strange thing
happened the way i told another hero:

“Hey mike😒 i dont think we make it dude🙄”

-“yeah dude🥱 no freedom & democracy in Irrraaaazz anytime soon dude🙄”

-well i signed to serve my country in pride and help free people of
Irrrraaaaz dude!”

-well i guess will just dream about freeing their women from HiJaaab and
boorgaaa in our basement tonight dude! You know what i mean dude?” Said
mike rubbing his big DiDi🤗

Its 4:55 in the morning. we are all up in the basement like everyday but
today we are rather scared because someone has just messed with us taken
all our hats away hide it somewhere🙄 we are all paniced because
Leutenent Berhalter will finish shaving his head and be here in 5
minutes in his white t shirt caramel pants Black White Red sneakers
shouting “soldjier😡 where is your hat soldjier?😡” Slaping us and all.
We are all terrified of him when i first was talking with my friend 2
weeks ago i said:

-   Hey mike(another mike🤪) you know this Leutenent…Beeer…um…berhalter
    man?” Said me holding the paper close to my eyes and beer in hand.

-   Luetenent berhalter?🤔 well yeah dude whats his first name man?🥱
    Gergg?” Said mike moving his nose left and right with beer in his
    hand

-   Yeah🥱 gergg its gergg man! We are going to…oopoopoop…good beer man!
    We are going to irrraaaaazz soon you know man?

-   well yeah man…oopoopoop…fentastic beer man! Served my country with
    him back in iraaaaq man! My wife meg you know man? Served our
    country with him back in aphgaaanistaaan man!…oopoopoop foooffff
    gimme another beer man!… killing all those brown pervert middle
    eastern animals man!

-   well waht shall i know about working with him man! Here dude
    …taaagh… take your beer dude… and thank meg from me man! The world
    needs her man! im proud of her man! ” said me rubing my big DiDi🤭
    while thanking his wife man🤪

-   well this gerrg guy is known as Leutenent Gebaski man! I dont think
    you havent heard him dduuuuuddde!!…fine beer man!… well Megs leg is
    shot man! She is now sharing her nudes with this brown middle
    eastern pervert ashky dude hope i can hang him soon man!

-   what why man? Is he with your woman man?😳 doesnt she has your last
    name on her man? Doesnt he knows she is your property man? Doesnt he
    knows you have the right to get drunk and beat her up man? Well no
    wonder man! … gimme another fentaaastic beer man!… This brown middle
    easterns doesnt respect women man! They think of them as objects
    man!

-   what meg? Nah man!… taaagh… take your beer man! …Nah its fine man!
    She is loyal to me man! She sends her nudes but she blocks the goods
    man! you know man? I will not appreciate it the other way man!

-   well yeah man! Megs fine man! Anyway which leg of her was shot man?

-   left🤨😳 but why do you ask man? Why are you asking pervy questions
    man?☹️

-   well yeah sorry man its realy pervy to ask which leg was shot man😔
    its what brown middle eastern goat fuker sand neeegz like Ashky
    would ask man!😧 why are brown ppl always perverts man? And why is
    this guy called Gebaski man?!

Omg i remembered it all over again☠️ i could just not belive it😬
leutenent gabaski was the nightmare of any soldjier the whole military
base was scared of him while admiring and looking up to him🥴 he is in
his 50s won uncountable amount of honory Medals😚bald head grey short
beard tall and thin (familiar?😁🤪) is called Gabaski because 10 years
ago when flew to somalia to bring Democracy Freedom Human rights for
everyone we was informed about this very dangerous terrorist named
Gabaski lyk very dangerous😳 living with his family in their apartament
and their car😱 would wear pants and shirts everyday and go to work🥶
anyway we were informed that he doesnt belive in Human rights🤯 also his
daughter had commie bastard books in her room which means he had been
using his daughter as human sheild😵 i was in another part of somalia
that day but i wish i was there to see Luetenent Gabaski saying:

-   shutup soldjers🤬 we are going to question mr Gebaskis stand on
    holocost and the claims of him being anti semist with full
    patriotism😡😡

After shouting “Cover My Ass😡” he kicks the door down goes in the house
and in the act of self defense disarms the first 2 treats by killing the
8 and 6 year old girl and boy who could throw lego at him in any god
given second😰 Disarms Gabaskis Mama in the next second giving her no
chance to throw her diaper at him😟 luetenent berhalter now shouts

-   Cover my ass😡😡

Then walks right into gabaskis bedroom only finds her daughter holding
their infant child as her weapon to throw at leutenent in any gods given
moment🤨 leutenent while pointing the gun shouts

-   Dont you even think about it scam😡

But now luetenent with his long time exprience fighting terrorism so
that you can now sit on your ass and read my diaries🤭 knew she will
make the next move and he decides to shoot at her but while everyone is
equal in our eyes (you all know this duh😒) its not like we go around
and shoot every terrorist we see. So right here leutenent realized this
girl is only about 16 and had all the time been used as Gabaskis human
sheild so he knew just what to do with her yeeeaaahhhhh😈😈🤤 i just
mean freeing her from Gabaski and give her human rights😳 so in 1 second
leutenant disarms her in another act of self defense by shooting the
infant she was holding as her weapon🤠 (dont worry the infant was xy so
nothing was wasted like the previous target😟) then he took the girl and
brought her out shouting

-   back to the target😠Cover my Ass😡😡

But there was no other target inside😶 we had to wait and wait till
luetenent pointed at the car coming by and said

-   smoke this bastard out😡 cover my ass😡

So everyone started shooting at the car and deactivated the passanger
who turned out to be gabaskis wife😵‍💫 then he went to the car took that
bastard communist muslim rebel terrorist out and said

-   well mr Gebaski you didnt expet to see us here now sir did ya? We
    heard you have been antisemist lately😠

Gabaski being the terrorist he is started shouting nonsense and insulted
leutenet blaming him for his familys death😂😂 so leutenent said

-   get him soldjiers😡 skin him and bring him back😡 Cover My Ass😡

Then while others are doing the orders leutenent brings the yooouuuung
lady and gives her all the freedom in the world🤪 so that other
soldjiers will be able to give her freedom when they bring her papa.
When they brought Gabaski while the soldjiers were introducing Human
rights & Democracy to his daughter Leutenent goes by and says

-   now mr Gebaski🥱 your cooperation would be very well appreciated and
    rewarded what do you say sir?🙄 we are only here to question you
    about Democracy & Human rights sir!🥱

At this point gabaski who was heavily brainwashed by the islam & marxism
was still not being cooperative and decided to once again blame
Leutenent for what happened to his family🙄 and Leutenent who has
generously gave him the last chance poured salt on his skinless body &
threw him in the sulfuric acid🤗 and while gabaski dying stood right up
to him looked him in the eyes and said

-   well sir🥱 this is how it ends mr gebaski🥱 do you know what our
    children will think of when they hear the name gebaski?🤨

Luetenent shouts

-   well i Aem🤨 Luetenent Gebaaaski😒

Tune in next thursday 2 read next episode🤗
