Mabel was lovely.

‚Äã

When I was chosen to be her healthy living carer, I was beyond thrilled.

‚Äã

Compared to some of the other clients I‚Äôd worked with over my time,
Mabel was a definite (even though we weren‚Äôt technically ‚Äòsupposed to‚Äô
have them..) favorite of everyone‚Äôs.

‚Äã

She was still mostly senile, for one. She didn‚Äôt have behavioral
problems, like some of the others. She didn‚Äôt need as much care either,
physically or mentally.

‚Äã

The only reason that Mabel was receiving care from our department was
the fact she‚Äôd recently broken a hip, and while she was in hospital
recovering from the replacement surgery, they found out she had cancer,
and it had spread, quite a lot.

‚Äã

And with no family, no one to be there to care for her.. Well, she fell
into our pile of paperwork and that‚Äôs how this story all began.

‚Äã

My first shift, I arrived at Mabel‚Äôs early. She was still living alone,
determined not to end up dying in hospital, but rather the comfort of
her own home.

‚Äã

I let myself in and set about the list of chores she had requested be
done through the agency.

A bit of cleaning, vacuum and mop.

Make lunch, and prepare dinner, so it only needs to be heated.

‚Äã

Mabel was waiting for me in the lounge.

The place was huge, and for a moment I second guessed myself about how
‚Äòeasy‚Äô this job was really going to be.

‚Äã

As if seeing my worried thoughts, Mabel gave me a bright smile and
patted a spot on the dark green velvet couch she was siting on.

‚Äã

‚ÄúCome, sit.‚Äù she drawled, and I did, instantly.

For some reason I was drawn to Mabel. Maybe it was that I felt sorry for
her, maybe it was that she reminded me of what a grandmother figure
would look like, had I been lucky enough to have one.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôve made you a tea. My favorite green tea blend.‚Äù she indicated to a
dainty China tea cup that sat on a doily.

‚Äã

I nearly laughed out loud, seeing the doily. I felt like I was in a
bizarre old fashioned tea party.

‚Äã

Get a grip, I scolded myself, she‚Äôs an old lady, of course she will have
old stuff.

I picked up the tea cup, and sipped. It wa tepid at best, and
disgustingly bitter. I‚Äôd never been a fan of green tea, but I‚Äôd never
known it to taste quite so awful, either.

‚Äã

Mabel was watching me intently, a pleased smile on her face as I downed
the rest of the drink in one sickening gulp,barely managing to splutter
out a ‚Äòlovely, thanks.‚Äô as I swallowed the remains of the teacup.

‚ÄúNow my dear, now where was I? Oh yes, that‚Äôs right, the list..‚Äù.

‚Äã

I woke, confused. Sweat pooled all over my body, sticking my Tshirt to
my stomach like a second skin.

‚Äã

I was in a bed, not my own. My head was pounding, a headache worse than
any I‚Äôd had after a big night of drinking.

I try to remember what I was doing.. Before.. Before this. But I can‚Äôt.

And then I think, Mabel.

‚Äã

Mabel taps across the hardwood floors on with her walking cane. She
hobbles, presumably from the surgery she had on her hip. She peers at me
on the bed, a look of contemplation on her face.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry, dear. It was a last resort, really. I didn‚Äôt want to, buts
needs must..‚Äù she murmured, more to herself that me. ‚ÄúI need someone to
tell my story to. I need someone to listen‚Äù

‚Äã

My head is spinning, but I remember work. They will realise something is
wrong, and they will come looking.

‚Äã

As if reading my mind, Mabel gave a nod. She handed me back my mobile,
placing it on the bed beside me. It was dead, the black screen mocking
me as it shook in my hands.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôve contacted your office. Told them.. And I‚Äôm really sorry about
this, but I will pay you for what you‚Äôre doing for me. I have lots of
money. I just needed.. Anyway. I called your office, I told them you had
abused me, that you had broken my good China tea set and stormed out. I
told your office I was appalled at the behavior of their Staff and I
wanted nothing more to do with them. They of course promised me you
would be fired.‚Äù

‚Äã

Now my head wasn‚Äôt just spinning, I was speechless, gobsmacked. I could
not belive that this was not just a bad dream, and I‚Äôd wake up in
reality any minute.

But I didn‚Äôt.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAnd you‚Äôre single, after that nasty divorce. No kids. No one to miss
you, for a little while. Ive paid your rent for a time as well, so you
needn‚Äôt worry about your landlord kicking you out. I know this all
sounds crazy but..‚Äù she shrugged, as if that‚Äôs was all there was to say.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhat the fuck is going on?‚Äù I‚Äôm angry, but I‚Äôm also crying. The tears
are hot, streaming out down my face and soaking my sweated drenched
Tshirt even further. ‚ÄúPlease. I just want to go home.‚Äù

‚Äã

Mabel looks sad, and she nods solemnly. ‚ÄúI know that feeling, oh yes, I
do. It‚Äôs going to be okay. I just need you to listen.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou..you just want me to.. Listen?‚Äù

‚ÄúI‚Äôm dying. Sooner, not later.‚Äù seeing my expression she raised her hand
to stop me from talking. ‚ÄúNo.¬ÝThe doctors don‚Äôt have a damn idea what
they‚Äôre talking about. I don‚Äôt have much time left, and I know it.
That‚Äôs why it‚Äôs so damn important I tell someone what truly happened,
before it‚Äôs too late.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhen I was younger, well life was but a dream. I grew up with two
sisters, three brothers. I was the youngest.‚Äù Mabels gaze wandered and
she smiled as she recalled the memory. ‚ÄúOur parents weren‚Äôt rich, but we
didn‚Äôt struggle as much as some of the other families we knew. One day,
my eldest brother got sent off to war. He was enlisted in the army, and
I suppose his time of waiting to fight, was up.

‚Äã

When Johnny left, he was like sunshine. He made you smile by doing these
silly funny faces, he‚Äôd pull his cheeks open and blow his nostrils out,
making us younger kids alll raw with laughter.

‚Äã

When he came home.. He was like thunder. He screamed at us over the
slightest things. At night he would cry, and it was so, so loud. We
wanted to go in there and comfort him, but we were scared. Mum and dad
had told us to leave him be, he just needed time, and he‚Äôd be better
soon.

‚Äã

A few weeks later, it was summer and it was stinking hot. Mum let us
swim in the dam at the back of the house, and we‚Äôd spent all morning
down there, splashing and cooling off against the heat.

‚Äã

Johnny didn‚Äôt come, he hadn‚Äôt done anything with us for a long time. He
stayed in his room, all the time. He still cried at night, but he didn‚Äôt
seem angry anymore. Just tired. I was glad for this side of Johnny, I
didn‚Äôt like it when he was mad. If he was just a bit tired, than mum and
dad were right and things really would be okay.

‚Äã

The shot sounded as we splashed.

‚Äã

I was the youngest, but I was the quickest.

Ruth, my older sister, tried to pull me back but I was too fast for her.
I wriggled free from her grip and I ran faster than I‚Äôve ever run.

‚Äã

His once pale blue bedroom walls were stained bright with red, the smell
of gunpowder and blood sickening and overpowering.

I didn‚Äôt hesitate, I walked right up to him. Most of his head was gone,
but his hand was still holding the gun.

It felt like hours that I stood there staring at it all, at him, what
was left of him.

But of course it was only moments, minutes at most, as my siblings
rushed into the room and the screaming erupted the world.

‚Äã

I dreamed of it every night.

The smell permintrated my nostrils at all times.

When my eyes were closed I saw the blood coating the walls, brain matter
on the lamp shade.

I didn‚Äôt have nightmares.

I wasn‚Äôt scared or sickened.

I wanted to see it, to smell it, again.‚Äù

‚Äã

I stare at Mabel, at this sweet and petite, little old lady. She is
wearing a dark Grey skirt that finishes past her knees. Skin tone
stockings, fancy hard bottomed slippers on her feet.

A dainty string of pearls adorn her wrinkled neck, a cardigan wrapped
around her arms. A fucking doily, on the lounge room table.

‚Äã

I realise how fucked up my situation is and suppress a panic attack. I
can‚Äôt process the fact that I am restrained to the bed by a woman,
albeit elderly and frail. She had drugged me, tied me up and made me
listen to this.. Abomination.

I want to throw up.

‚Äã

‚ÄúIt wasn‚Äôt long before I got my chance. A new boy in town Took a shining
to me. He‚Äôd heard about my brother, of course. And he was like me.
Instead of being scared of it, he embraced it.

Took a shining to me. He‚Äôd heard about my brother, of course. And he was
like me. Instead of being scared of it, he embraced it.

I described to him in vivid detail Johnny‚Äôs body, how the scent had
lingered and how I wished I‚Äôd put my finger in the pooling blood, just
so I could get a taste.

He wanted that, he wanted that more than anything so we worked out a
plan.

My dad owned a gun. I knew the lock code to the safe where he kept it.

I had 2 brothers now, and I had two sisters.

And I also had mum and dad.

Could you imagine?

I mean, could you even imagine, how much blood there would be from 6
people?

It was perfect.‚Äù

‚Äã

Bile is in my mouth now. I am crying openly.

Mabel looks at me with pity, but I don‚Äôt think it‚Äôs for my tears.

I think she feels pity that I am not like her.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWe had so much fun. It was one of the best days of my life. I‚Äôd never
known how powerful it was to hold a gun, to shoot it. And their faces..‚Äù
Mabel gave a low chuckle. ‚ÄúThey never saw it coming.

We got dad first, it was just easier that way. And then my mum. She was
one that did disappoint me.

Ever since Johnny, she‚Äôd been in a dark place she couldn‚Äôt get out of.
She seemed to welcome the bullet to her chest. She never tried to fight
back.

My two oldest siblings were next, we went down the line, oldest to
youngest. It took so long and made it even better, because once they
realised what was going on.. They hid. So it was a big game of cat and
mouse, with a bullet at the end.‚Äù another soft chuckle.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhy are you doing this? Are you going to kill me? Is this why you need
me to listen to‚Ä¶ To this.. Horror?‚Äù

I can‚Äôt take it anymore. I‚Äôm screaming, trashing about. The way she is
laughing at describing her own families murder, my blood feels like ice,
I‚Äôm terrified.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou don‚Äôt get to ask the questions until I‚Äôm finished with my story.‚Äù
for the first time, I see mabels eyes firey. I see the mean side, the
evil. ‚ÄúNow, where was I? Hmm.. Oh yes. Well, we caught them all.
Eventually. Turns out some were really good hidders. But we got there in
the end.

Now Ron, he was an okay guy, but it wasn‚Äôt like I was in love. Plus, I
did not want to go on the run. And I definitely wasn‚Äôt going to jail.

The easy part was killing him, the hard part was having to punch myself
repeatedly until my eye was swollen and closed. I‚Äôm not manic, but I
needed it to look like I had been injured too. I wasn‚Äôt stupid.

I waited a while, and then I called the Sherriffs office. Before long, I
was bundled up in the back of the police car, being taken to the
hospital to get cared for.

I broke down when the Sherriff told me my whole family had been wiped
out. I screamed so hard I needed to be medically sedated.

It was funny, when I was really young, I used to dress up and put on my
plays to entertain my family.

Mum always said I was a natural actor.‚Äù Mabel pats me on the leg, a
small nod to show it was now my turn to speak, that she had finished.

‚Äã

My eyes can‚Äôt focus, I‚Äôm sobbing so hard. I think I‚Äôve wet myself. I
don‚Äôt have any questions for Mabel anymore or at least I can‚Äôt think of
any.

I just want to get out of here, as soon as possible.

‚ÄúPlease.‚Äù is all I can muster. ‚ÄúPlease.‚Äù

‚Äã

Mable complies. Waddling over and unlocking the keys on the chains my
hands have been bound by.

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs been lovely to chat with you, Freya. I‚Äôm so grateful for you
listening.‚Äù Mabel smiles at me again, sweet and innocent.

‚Äã

I scramble up and while woozy on my feet, my a beeline for the door
straught away.

‚Äã

I hear the gunshot before I‚Äôm down the first stair.

And for some reason, I stop mid step.

There‚Äôs nothing more I want than to get the hell out of that house.. But
for some reason, that metallic smell just smells so damn good.

‚Äã

It‚Äôs dusk when I leave Mabel‚Äôs.

I cleaned up as best I could, though I knew no one would be checking up
on her for a long, long time. As Mabel had said herself, it‚Äôs hard to be
missing when you‚Äôre not missed by anyone.

‚Äã

As for me, I think it‚Äôs a glorious evening to try my hand at the gun
range.

I‚Äôve never been much of a shooter, but it‚Äôs never too late to learn a
new hobby, right?
