I came upon this cabin around a week ago, when I was able to barge
through the front door. Books with torn pages thrown all across the
room, pots and pans ripped from their cabinets, a closet half empty with
broken hangers littering the floor. Whoever was in here left in a hurry
and took only some essentials with them.

This was perfect for me, it has been days since I lost the rest of my
crew, so seeing this gave me a good shelter to get out of the weather.
With winter on the horizon, it is best that I should stay here, and for
a week, that’s what I did.

Whoever stayed here previously was kind enough to leave a lot of their
supplies behind. Keeping me fed and warm enough to make it through the
nights.

As winter approaches, so does the cold, and the time I am allowed to
spend outside before freezing is stripped away from me increasingly each
day. As the snow drops from the sky, I feel my need for heavier furs
becoming more insistent.

Yesterday was my birthday. I decided to treat myself, yesterday I
decided that I would leave the fire on for just a bit longer, yesterday
I decided that I would eat till  my belly felt full, yesterday I said,
“May the lack of food and dwindling firewood be tomorrow’s problem, for
today is my birthday, and this icy hell is not allowed to take that from
me.” Well, now tomorrow is today, and yesterday’s pleasures that were
left for tomorrow are now today’s issues that should have been done
yesterday. Now I must go out and get more firewood in this damp forest.

I woke up early to find a new thin patch of snow covering the
once-brown, once-green clearing I had grown accustomed to. Getting
ready, I set out on my way to get some more firewood. The freezing wind
would burrow into my coat. Every inch of me would be covered in sweat
and moisture, and would cool me down even more than before. As I look
around all  the branches had a darker, deeper brown color. Whenever I
try to snap and break off a branch, it would twist and bend following my
movements never relenting.

As I searched, the deep indent of my boot would be left behind as a sign
of my existence. Soon the sun reached overhead burring the snow deep
into the mud and wood. Each step I took dragged me further into the
ground. Each time, I would have to use more power to dislodge my foot
from its soggy grave. First my sole, then my ankle, now my shins. I
needed to move on to another path; if I kept up like this, it would take
hours just to find barely any good kindling.

If I were to find a trail with harder snow, this would also mean that
any potentially useful twigs were now buried beneath snow and dampness.
It would take a miracle to find anything worthwhile out here.

And a miracle is exactly what I found.

A bundle of sticks out in the open. No snow. No moisture anywhere near
them. You could tell from a distance that the lighter color of the wood
stood apart from the rest of the forest. They were dry.

How could that even be possible?

As the top layer of snow quickly rose to meet my shins, I knew it would
only become harder to find anything useful to build a fire.

But this.

Right here.

Right in front of me.

It was impossible.

I moved closer to the patch. The air around me seemed to release the
cold grasp it had held on to me for so long. I knelt down just outside
the small valley formed by the snow and placed my hand on the ground.

It was dry.

After weeks out in the cold moister covering every part of my body,
feeling something dry, truly dry, was a small heaven in this icy hell.

How could this be?

A bundle of dry sticks, on top of a patch of dry dirt, surrounded by the
cold, wet snow.

It made no sense, until I saw it; Twine wrapped around the bundle.

Not once, not twice, but it wrapped around 4 times.

I felt the thick, dense air grab a hold of my neck as cold goosebumps
traveled down my back. I was alert now. All around me, I felt eyes
digging into me. Something put this bundle out here. I feel it, it’s
close. I couldn’t turn around. For fear that I am not alone.

“Who’s out there?”

My voice is something that I had not heard in weeks, listening to it
then caught me off guard. My breathing slowed, and I could see the mist
rise from my mouth and into the sky. I didn’t know what to do. Slowly
and patiently, I grabbed the sticks, bringing them close to me, and
closed my eyes, unable to open them I rose from my position and turned
to face the trail that I took to get here. As soon as I did I felt it,
it was no longer all around me, I could feel it staring at me in the
face.

I heard it breathing. Short, sharp inhales. Long drawn-out exhales. I
could feel the anger in its gaze. That feeling I got sent shivers down
my spine. It knows what I did, and it’s here to make it right. I
couldn’t look.  A lump formed in the back of my throat, and excuses for
evil wrongdoings came to my mind, crashing like lightning onto the
earth. But still, I couldn’t speak.

Slowly, I opened my eyes.

The clouds up above had condensed even more than before, and the
evergreen trees rose from the ground and reached up to the sky. The snow
around me followed them, stretching to meet them in the clouds. Its
breathing began to sync with the winds, was it even there to begin with?

Was I truly alone?

But through the pillars of the evergreens, I saw it. Mist, just like my
exhale, comes from out of the darkness. I strained my eyes trying to see
what was causing it, but I couldn’t see it, even though I knew what it
was doing.

Studying

Watching.

Judging.

I could not stay there any longer.

That feeling called up a memory I’ve been trying to bury.

I looked up to see that the sun was beginning to climb back down over
the mountains. I moved quickly, following my steps back to the cabin.
 Through the trees once filled with greens and yellows, up the hills
that rode through the mountain, past the pools now frozen over, once
brimming with life. The trail had mutated. Cold, grey, death, and
despair followed everywhere I went.

I rushed through the trail back to the cabin, my feet taking longer and
longer with each step I took in the mud. It was keeping me here; this
forest was a witness to my wrongdoings, and it’s not letting me get
away.  Step after step it grabbed me, the earth swallowed my leg up to
my knee. I focused all my energy on getting back to the cabin. I yanked
on my leg with all my might, but that’s when I noticed a set of fresh
tracks in front of me heading back to the cabin.

My head rushed with emotions, pulsating with the worst thoughts
imaginable. My chest throbbed and ached. Horror came to me the things
that I could possibly find in that cabin filled me with dread. Every
sensible part of me called to not go back, to run away. But the tree’s
shadows continued to rise and grow, and with their growth the furs lost
their use.

Once the sun climbed back down to the edge of the horizon, I began to
move faster and faster, until finally, the cabin was in sight. I did my
best to trace those footsteps back to the front door making sure to
create as little crunch as I could in the snow. That’s when I noticed
the steps suddenly stopped at the door.

I looked around.

Tracing the outline of the cabin with my own steps I looked for the
prints that led to keeping myself alone.

But there were none.

The cabin looked just like when I first found it a week ago. All the
progress I had made organizing and cleaning gone in one afternoon.
Everything had been taken out and thrown all over the place. I found
clothes torn to shreds and pots with dents so big they became useless.
But worst of all was the smell of food in the air. Looking at where I
kept my rations, I saw the drawer had been stripped completely empty,
but that smell of food came from the floor. Looking down I saw
vegetables, meats and fruits all stomped down into the floorboards.

It left me with nothing.

As the sun set, I had to at least keep myself warm. With the little bit
of firewood I found, I tried to make a fire but when I went to grab the
once lightly colored wood, I noticed it had gained a significantly
darker shade. The bark once dry, became deeply cold. As I would try to
hit my flint and get a fire started, the sparks would die on impact. The
wood was wet, and Everything was for nothing.

Wet, Exhausted, Cold, and Hungry, I go to bed. Rocked to the edge of
sleep by the reminder of a gentle voice, I am only kept awake by the
violent shaking my body forces upon me. still while remaining conscious
my eye becomes very heavy.

“Jeb”

My eye lids shoot up as a familiar voice hits me like a train.

I look around but I cant see anything

“What are you doing here?”

“Jeb that isn’t funny”

Sam?

I open my eyes to see him at the edge of my bed

“Where are you going?”

His cadence isn’t normal, it sounds like someone rehearsing.

“Jebediah”

He sounds like he’s practicing my name. How is he doing this? It’s not
possible.

“Come back to bed”

I reach towards him like I’ve done many time before I wanted to see that
face once again. My heart raced as my hand got near his shoulder, but
when I turn him to face me I see it.

Only for a moment but still I did see it.

Sams face was not the one I had come to know. His cheeks seemed higher,
nose was longer, and his face stretched thinner to wrap tighter around
his structure.

“Sam?”

He stands up and walks out of the cabin.

“Come… to bed”

I hear him repeat deeper in a voice almost mocking mine.

After a long time tossing and turning, I was woken up by a faint breeze
coming from the entrance of the cabin. Through the crack of the door I
could see mist coming into the house, once again in sync with my breath.
I wanted to go close it, but that same feeling of dread came back to me.
everything told me that if I got up to close that door it could be the
last thing I did. but even so the more that I laid there doing nothing
the colder the cabin got. As snow rushed through the entrance the icy
wind would pierce through my coats and furs. I felt small pins and
needles in my throat and chest. My body begged and pleaded for me to
cough them out, but out of fear of making any noise I stayed still and
silent.

“Jeb”

That voice?

“Come… doing here”

That sentence

“What… are you going… do-?”

The way that voice spoke in bits and pieces, a monstrosity of a sentence
with no meaning, purely substance.

“Why can’t we stay out here forever?”

I haven’t heard those words since the start of this trip. Back then
trees were filled with warm oranges and deep reds when the rivers flowed
and cut through the mountains. Back then I wasn’t alone on this trip.
But I still needed to pay penance, the sins I committed weren’t ones
that I could return with.

“I want to Sam”

It is taunting me.

“Do you think your wife will find out about us?”

With those words my body sprung up rushing over to close the door. I
know I had done everything I didn’t need to be subjected to this. Every
step I took gave me new life. I did what I needed to. The closer I got
the more anger bubbled within me. Did he expect me to just go back with
him after all we did.

I reach for the handle and that’s when I see him.

Sam standing just outside the door peering into the cabin.

Those butterflies I had for him now turn into maggots writhing in my
stomach.

Now I got a better look at it I could tell that his whole body seemed to
contort over a figure that didn’t fit him. He had cloudy yellow eyes and
his breath rotted with the smell of death. The most familiar detail I
can recall was his bruised neck with stripes of red and purple going
down his throat.

I grabbed hold of the handle and pushed with every ounce of my strength.
Sam banged and wailed against the door screeching with the cries of the
animals of the forest. In between those cries it would drop parts of our
conversations.

“You’re hurting me”

It would yell.

“Jebediah please tell me what’s wrong?”

Even with every ounce of strength that I had it was still able to break
chunks off the door. a yellow eye peered through it and it began to
reach for me. In a quick act of desperation I grabbed a chunk of wood
that flew off the door jammed it through its hand. Recoiling, it
wreathed in pain with screams so loud it turned and tied knots inside my
stomach. covering my ears I fell to the floors but even with that it
wasn’t able to stop its bellowing scream to ring inside my head.

As I regained my composure, I looked through the hole in the door and
see Sam running on all fours back into the woods. I know it will be back
and I would rather take my chances with nature then whatever it was. I
will take the rest of the morning to pack only the essentials and write
this down for those who stumble upon this cabin.

If you are reading this please take head of my warning. Head back the
way you came. Don’t stay here for too long, and do not talk to the man
in the woods.
