​THE MANNEQUIN UNIVERSE SAGA

​CHAPTER 1: THE ARRIVAL

​(Maple Oak, 1991)

​“Hey Bunny, could you come here for a minute?” hollered Charlie. That’s
what he has called Linda since they were dating as a term of endearment.

​“Hang on, Roger! I’ll be there faster than three blinks of the eye and a
shot of tequila with a side of lime!” It was funny she always called him
Roger. That was her pet name for him, after Roger Rabbit.

​Once Linda gets done shuffling around, she stumbles over to Charlie.
“The delivery truck just pulled off and dropped off these four boxes.
Only… it wasn’t like any delivery truck I’ve seen before. I didn’t even
understand the writing on the side of the truck. Where exactly did you
order these from, Bunny?”

​“Well, ever since we got the LLC for the clothing store and the address
was listed, we were getting a lot of different types of mail advertising
things we might need,” Linda explained. “And I figured, I spend a lot of
money on mannequins. I think they came from China or something like
that. Those were the cheapest ones I could find.”

​“Okay, Bunny. You know I wouldn’t second guess you, but the delivery
driver who brought the boxes over kind of creeped me out. Made the hair
on my arms stand up. But let’s open these bad boys up.”

​One by one, they pull out four mannequins: One grown male, one grown
female, and two children. A perfect family.

​“Well, you’re right, Honey. It’s actually unbelievable how realistic
they look. Look at the adult male and adult female one. I figured they’d
come with blank faces, not actual facial features. This is quite a sight
to behold.”

​“Let’s see how durable they are,” Charlie grunted. Charlie stands one up
and pushes the female slightly to test her balance. “Well, they took a
little more strength than I was expecting,” he muttered, wiping his
brow. “It almost seemed like she was resisting.”

​“I’ll tell you what now, darling. Now that these things are here, they
give me the willies. I’ll have you know, when I was just a wee little
boy, I had a dream that I was being chased by mannequins that came
alive. It’s one of those dreams that stuck with me ’til this day. It was
actually a reoccurring nightmare when I was a boy,” Charlie uttered,
staring at their plastic eyes.

​“Well, I’ll have you know you’re no longer a boy, Charlie. You’re a man.
A grown man at that. And you ain’t got no reason to be afraid of no
mannequins. And I’m only going to tell you this once: Don’t go around
pushing my mannequins over. Treat them with respect,” Bunny replied
sternly.

​“Oh, Charlie! I’m so excited! I’m going to pick out outfits for all four
of them right now. In two days, they’ll be on display for every customer
that walks in.”

​“Well,” Charlie replied, looking at the male mannequin’s frozen smile.
“Let’s hope customers walk in.”

​“Oh, they will,” Linda beamed. “These four will be dressed in their
Sunday Best and ready for anybody’s eyes to lay upon them.”

​CHAPTER 2: THE TRINITY OF WELLS

​(Tuckett, Tennessee - The Portsmouth Estate)

​“Scaredy cat, scaredy cat, sitting on the doormat, eating all the
chicken fat.”

“Shelly fo-felle, fe-fi-fo belly! Shelly so smelly!”

​Shelly usually had a good time with Melissa and Katie, but when Sandra
was around, they acted like her two little minions. They followed
everything she said. Shelley knew better. Her mom always told her,
“Don’t go anywhere near the Portsmouth estate.”

​The estate hasn’t been kept up for over ten years now. A hundred acres
of land left to rot. Anyone from the small town of Tuckett knew about
the three wells on the property. Years back, Old Man Portsmouth fell
headlong into some kind of psychosis. He had his two sons and his wife
dress up in their Sunday best for a family photo. Then, he executed them
one by one, shooting them in the back of the head so as to not destroy
their faces. He tossed each of their bodies into the trinity of wells.

​Sandra and her minions were calling Shelly a scaredy cat, saying she
wouldn’t step inside the old house. As they got thirty yards away, the
girls stopped. Shelly took one big gulp. It felt like a giant snake
trying to slither down her throat.

​“Stiffen up that upper lip, young lady,” her Granny Melons used to say.
“Biting your lower lip is not ladylike.”

​Shelly crossed the threshold. It felt like she had entered an alternate
dimension. Her heart raced; she knew her mama told her not to go here
because it was too close to Maple Oak and Winstonville, where the
nuclear fallout had affected things the most. She had to go upstairs and
wave from the window to prove her bravery.

​She counted the stairs: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6… Before the seventh, she heard
a squeaking noise with a specific cadence. Something was squeaking back
and forth. She reached the top and saw a door slightly cracked open. She
whispered the Lord’s Prayer: “Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your
name…”

​She pushed the door open. In the center of the room was a rocking chair.
It was rocking back and forth. She could see the tip of someone’s
head—it was all white, no hair, white as a ghost. The rocking chair
stopped. The thing in the chair slowly stood up. It was shaped like a
human, but all white, made of plastic, with no male or female parts—just
a blank expression. It took one step forward and reached its arm out.
Shelly shook off the cement in her shoes and ran for her life.

​​CHAPTER 4: THE TRAIN TRACKS

​(The Border of Winstonville and Maple Oak)

​Johnny had been a bully ever since third grade. Today, he tied Kyle’s
shoes together, and Kyle fell face-forward into the lunch table. Later,
in science class, Kyle switched chemicals and Johnny got covered in
sticky goo. Johnny threatened Kyle: “Kick your butt after school by the
train tracks.”

​We all headed there. Kyle made it to the tracks by 3:20, but the train
was already there. As the cars whizzed by, we saw something strange:
another group of kids on the other side. They were chanting “Kyle! Kyle!
Kyle!” while our side chanted for Johnny.

​Through the gaps in the cars, it looked like doppelgängers. On our side,
Johnny was beating up Kyle. On their side, Kyle was winning. I saw the
cars were packed with store display mannequins. One of them looked
real—she smiled and winked at me.

​On the other side was my own doppelgänger looking back at me. We waited
for the train to pass, but a second train came early on the unused
tracks carrying Biohazard tankers. By the time the trains ended, it was
dark and the kids were gone.

​I saw a card in the dirt. It was a nametag. It said DANIEL in my own
handwriting. It said: Daniel was here on this side of the track. But he
was also over there on that side. In fact, he was everywhere.

​CHAPTER 5: THE DARE AT HOLLOW CREEK

​(The Maw of the Well)

​“I double-dog dare you, Timmy! You ain’t nothing but a chicken!”

Timmy looked at the well. It was legend in Hollow Creek, rumored to have
swallowed a boy in 1971. He took his first step, the leaves shattering
like dry metal. Kevin gave him a sharp shove.

​Timmy swung his legs over and climbed down the rungs. Thirty feet down,
the air grew thick like wet copper. Then came the lurch. Balance
vanished. He looked up, but saw the jagged floor of the well. He looked
down and saw a blue, infinite abyss. The world had flipped.

​He scrambled to the edge and lunged onto the dirt, pinning his chest to
the soil. Kevin’s voice asked, “Where’s the rock?”

​Timmy looked up. The boys were walking on their hands, their legs waving
in the air like pale, fleshy pillars. They were an eerie white, like
living, breathing mannequins. The trees grew downward into a violet
void.

​“You didn’t get the rock, Timmy,” Kevin said, his voice echoing from the
sky below. Timmy gripped the roots until his nails bled, hanging onto
the bottom of the world while the sky waited to take him.

​
