The verdant hills rolled past my window as we drove down the dusty dirt
road into town, and as we passed I let myself admire them. If nothing
else, this place was beautiful‚Ä¶ Maybe I could call it home for a little
while‚Ä¶

‚Äã

‚ÄúThat‚Äôs the Donaldson farm.‚Äù Joel said from the drivers seat beside me,
‚ÄúI used to play with their son, Joey back when we were kids!‚Äù

‚ÄúYou think he‚Äôs still in town?‚Äù I asked, ‚ÄúMaybe you two could
reconnect.‚Äù

‚ÄúOh, probably.‚Äù He replied, ‚ÄúI imagine most of the people I grew up with
are still around. The community was always pretty tight knit.‚Äù

‚Äã

I caught myself shifting uneasily and Joel gave me a reassuring smile.

‚ÄúDon‚Äôt worry hun, I know you‚Äôll fit right in.‚Äù He said, ‚ÄúYou know, Mom
just can‚Äôt wait to see you again!‚Äù

‚ÄúYeah, I can‚Äôt wait to see her either.‚Äù I lied. I think Joel saw right
through it, but he didn‚Äôt say anything. He just kept up that warm,
reassuring smile of his‚Ä¶ It was one of the things I loved the most about
him.

‚Äã

I imagined it wasn‚Äôt any easier for him to move back home than it was
for me‚Ä¶ He‚Äôd never talked a lot about his hometown or his family. I
didn‚Äôt get the impression that there was any bad blood between them or
anything, Joel had always said he‚Äôd moved out of state for school, and
stayed out of state for work. I‚Äôd figured that he just wanted his
independence. A chance to be his own man. I could understand that. I
loved my family, but I wouldn‚Äôt have gone back to live with them unless
I had absolutely no other choice.

‚Äã

I‚Äôd met Joel‚Äôs family either before or at the wedding of course. His
brother had come down to visit a few times and his Mom and Sister had
come down for the wedding. They‚Äôd seemed like nice enough people, and
his mother seemed friendly. A little socially awkward, but friendly‚Ä¶ I
just wasn‚Äôt particularly thrilled about moving in with her. That said, I
also wasn‚Äôt going to say no either. Even before Joel and I had gotten
engaged, I‚Äôd known that his mother wasn‚Äôt in the best of health. I‚Äôd
seen it firsthand at the wedding. The photos he‚Äôd shown me of her in her
younger years bore almost no resemblance to the massive woman with red
and scabbed eczema along her arms who‚Äôd clung to her walker with shaking
hands. We‚Äôd needed to seat her close to a wall socket so she could plug
in her oxygen tank. She was only in her sixties, but somehow seemed so
much older.

‚Äã

I wasn‚Äôt entirely sure what was wrong with her. Joel had told me, but I
could never recall the exact name of the disease. I only knew that it
was in her lungs. Even a year ago at the wedding, I felt an uneasy
certainty that she didn‚Äôt have much time left in her‚Ä¶ And what kind of
wife would I be if I didn‚Äôt let Joel be there for her in what could‚Äôve
been her final days? If I kept him from her, he would‚Äôve hated me for it
and he would‚Äôve been right to. I would‚Äôve hated myself for it‚Ä¶

‚Äã

I‚Äôd told Joel that he had my wholehearted support. I said I‚Äôd be with
him no matter what, and if that meant delaying our plans for a couple of
years to help his mother, then that was what we‚Äôd do. I wasn‚Äôt just
saying that to be kind either. I truly meant it. I‚Äôve always believed
that family is one of the most important things. Besides, we could
afford to wait for a little while, couldn‚Äôt we? Joel and I were both
working from home and had more or less steady employment, so really this
would benefit us in the long run. We‚Äôd save up as much money as we could
and when it was time to move on, we‚Äôd be in an excellent situation to do
it. Moving from Philadelphia to a small town in Alabama was a pretty big
change‚Ä¶ But I wanted to make the best of it. I wanted to try and see it
as a new adventure. The first blank page of an unknown chapter of my
life, full of possibilities. Every dark cloud always has a silver
lining, right? And it was getting easier and easier to see that silver
lining as we drove in to Smokey Falls.

‚Äã

There was something so beautiful about the hills and the farmland. It
all felt so serene and tranquil. It was nothing I‚Äôd never seen before,
but here it all felt so new.

‚Äã

The only thing that ruined it was the sign. As we drove into town, I
remember us driving past it. It was a somewhat gaudy looking thing that
read:

‚Äã

Welcome to Smokey Falls.

One Society, United in Jesus Christ under God

‚Äã

I‚Äôm not opposed to religion or anything. I went to a catholic school
when I was growing up. I even sang in the choir. But I‚Äôve sorta avoided
it over the years. There‚Äôs too much of a negative connotation with it. I
don‚Äôt think that religion is necessarily a bad thing. But there‚Äôs some
crazies out there who take it way too far.

‚Äã

I guess I shouldn‚Äôt have been too surprised though. We were deep in the
Bible Belt, and I‚Äôd seen plenty of religious billboards on the drive
over. But seeing it on the towns sign seemed to bug me a little bit. I‚Äôm
not really sure how else to describe it. I suppose I can‚Äôt help but feel
a little put off when someone pushes God in your face like that, there‚Äôs
something very insincere about it.

‚Äã

Joel had told me long ago that he‚Äôd come from a pretty religious town.
But it wasn‚Äôt until I saw that sign that the reality of it slapped me
right in the face. I was moving into Gods country‚Ä¶ That shouldn‚Äôt have
unnerved me as much as it did.

‚Äã

I tried not to dwell too much on it, and tried instead to focus on the
lovely scenery. Spring flowers blossomed along the side of the road and
beyond that was nothing but forest and rolling hills as far as the eye
could see.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWe‚Äôre almost home.‚Äù Joel said to me, and I couldn‚Äôt help but think that
he sounded a little excited. I smiled back at him. My heart was racing a
million miles a minute, but I was so sure that this would all be worth
it!

‚Äã

Joel pulled up a dirt road, leading up to a pretty white farmhouse. Long
grass swayed lazily in the breeze out front. The driveway was unpaved
and rustic. There was a large shed out behind the house. I saw a man
coming out as we pulled up to the house. He was tall and bore a strong
resemblance to Joel. I recognized him from the wedding. Joel‚Äôs older
brother, Patrick Anderson. He walked with a tall and confident stride,
his cameo jacket flying open in the breeze. He had a neatly trimmed
brown beard, short hair and kindly eyes. Beside him, I saw another
person standing in the doorway. A skinny, dark haired woman with large
eyes like an owl. Briar. Joel and Patrick‚Äôs sister.

‚Äã

While Joel parked his truck, Patrick drew nearer to us. His warm,
welcoming smile made me feel his embrace before he even reached us. As
Joel got out, Patrick pulled him into a big bear hug.

‚ÄúLong time, no see, city boy!‚Äù He said with a grin.

‚ÄúGood to see you too, man.‚Äù Joel replied, before stretching, ‚ÄúSome long
miles on the road.‚Äù

‚ÄúI‚Äôll bet. I‚Äôll bet. Come on in. Briar put on some sweet tea. Ma‚Äôs up
and about too.‚Äù

‚ÄúHow‚Äôs she holding up?‚Äù Joel asked.

‚Äã

Patrick faked a smile but it didn‚Äôt linger for long.

‚ÄúSame as she ever was.‚Äù He finally said, before his attention turned to
me.

‚ÄúDani, you‚Äôre looking good! Damn good! Hope this little bastard hasn‚Äôt
been giving you too much trouble.‚Äù

‚ÄúNothing I can‚Äôt handle.‚Äù I assured him, cracking a sheepish smile.

‚ÄúWell, if he steps out of line and you‚Äôve gotta give him a whuppin, you
won‚Äôt get no interference from me.‚Äù

‚ÄúNoted.‚Äù I said, as Patrick sheperded us both inside.

‚ÄúWell, come on in and get some sweet tea. Briar makes it better than
anyone else does, I promise you that.‚Äù

‚Äã

Joel‚Äôs family‚Äôs house was fairly small and tidy. It had something of a
cozy, homey feel to it that was nice and inviting. Briar had already
disappeared into the kitchen to get us our drinks. Patrick was right, it
was better than any other iced tea I‚Äôd had before.

‚ÄúJoel?‚Äù I heard a rasping voice call from the other room, ‚ÄúThat you,
baby?‚Äù

‚Äã

Patrick took off into the next room and Joel followed. I trailed behind
him, into the living room where their mother was waiting.

‚Äã

Shannon Anderson was seated in a massive armchair that seemed to buckle
beneath her weight. Her arms were covered in dry, cracked and red skin.
Every movement looked like it must have hurt. She had wispy grey hair
and a sort of dazed, faraway look in her eyes. She was struggling to
stand when I walked in, and Patrick was helping her. She was breathing
heavily as she rose to her feet, but the moment she set her eyes on
Joal, her entire face seemed to light up.

‚Äã

‚ÄúOh, thank you Lord‚Ä¶ Thank you‚Ä¶ My, my‚Ä¶ You look so good, little Joel!‚Äù
She cooed as Patrick helped her over to envelop him in a hug.

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs good to see you too, Mom.‚Äù Joel said warmly.

Shannon‚Äôs attention turned on me next.

‚Äã

‚ÄúOh, and Danielle! Oh, I‚Äôm so happy you‚Äôre here too! I‚Äôm so, so, so
grateful you‚Äôve come to join us!‚Äù

‚ÄúI wouldn‚Äôt be anywhere else.‚Äù I promised her, as she clasped my hand
tightly. She was stronger than she looked.

‚ÄúI‚Äôm glad. It‚Äôs so good to have the family all back together again. I
prayed, you know. I was down at the church and I told Father Abraham to
pray for us all to be together again. God always listens to Father
Abraham. He listens closely.‚Äù

‚Äã

Briar appeared in the doorway, watching as Shannon fawned over us before
interrupting.

‚ÄúSupper‚Äôs just about ready.‚Äù She said, ‚ÄúJust warming everything up.
Should be ready to eat in about twenty minutes or so.‚Äù

‚ÄúThought you were supposed to already have it ready for when Joel
arrived?‚Äù Patrick asked, looking over at her. Briar just stared right
back at him.

‚ÄúI wanted it to be fresh when he and Dani got here.‚Äù She replied, ‚ÄúSo we
could all eat as a family.‚Äù

‚Äã

Patrick looked as if he wanted to say something else, but Joel cut him
off.

‚ÄúHey, ten minutes is plenty of time to set the table! Dani, think you
can help Briar with that? Pat and I will get our stuff out of the
trunk.‚Äù

‚ÄúYeah, of course.‚Äù I said, before letting Briar lead me to the kitchen.

‚Äã

While she finished cooking, I set the table. I could hear Joel and
Patrick coming in and out the door and going up and down the stairs as
they brought our stuff in from the car. Since we wouldn‚Äôt be needing all
of our furniture and whatnot, Joel and I had put a lot that into storage
and had traveled fairly light for a cross country move.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThis must be a big change for you.‚Äù I heard Briar say as she stood over
the stove, ‚ÄúYou‚Äôve never lived in a place like this, have you?‚Äù

‚ÄúI‚Äôm afraid not.‚Äù I said, ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a big change. But, I wanted Joel to be
there for Shannon.‚Äù

‚ÄúThat‚Äôs real sweet of you.‚Äù She replied, ‚ÄúI suppose it‚Äôll be nice to
have us all back under one roof again. Ma was never all that pleased
that Joel left. She always prayed he‚Äôd come back at Church. Guess those
prayers were answered.‚Äù

‚ÄúI just wish it were under better circumstances,‚Äù I said, before
glancing at the door and moving closer so I could keep a more hushed
tone.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHow bad is it?‚Äù

‚ÄúThe Doctor says that Ma‚Äôs only got months left in her. Course, he also
said something similar about a year back.‚Äù Briar replied, ‚ÄúMa and
Patrick are convinced that Father Abraham‚Äôs been healing her. Hard to
say for sure‚Ä¶ She‚Äôs lived longer than she ought to. But she also ain‚Äôt
getting any better.‚Äù

‚ÄúWell, I suppose I‚Äôm just glad that she‚Äôs held on as long as she has.‚Äù I
said. Briar didn‚Äôt reply to that.

‚ÄúFather Abraham, is he the local priest?‚Äù I asked, moving to a new
subject.

‚Äã

Briar gave a half nod.

‚ÄúYou‚Äôll probably be meeting him tomorrow. Ma always goes to the Sunday
mass. Although he stops in from time to time to check in on her and pray
with her.‚Äù

‚ÄúOh, that‚Äôs sweet of him.‚Äù I said.

‚ÄúYeah. Suppose it is.‚Äù She said, before going quiet as Patrick and Joel
came downstairs again. Joel went back out to close up the car, but
Patrick poked his head into the kitchen.

‚ÄúHow‚Äôs supper looking, ladies?‚Äù

‚ÄúJust about done.‚Äù Briar said, ‚ÄúYou can go and get Ma.‚Äù

He huffed before disappearing back into the living room to fetch her.

‚Äã

‚Äã

Shannon was the first one to be seated at the table, while I helped
Briar set everything out. We‚Äôd barely even put things on the table
before Patrick started helping himself.

‚ÄúHey, you should get your Mom something first!‚Äù I said. Patrick paused.
For a moment, I caught a cold glare in his eyes before he started
laughing.

‚Äã

‚ÄúShe‚Äôll get hers.‚Äù He said, ‚ÄúNobody else should be receiving a plate
before the man of the house.‚Äù I glanced at Briar, who didn‚Äôt even meet
my gaze. I could hear Joel coming in, and decided I might as well just
let the issue go. I got Shannons serving for her.

Once everyone was seated, I watched Shannon suck in a few deep breaths
before she spoke.

‚ÄúBefore we start, I‚Äôd like to say a short prayer. If you‚Äôll all join
hands with me‚Ä¶‚Äù

She reached out on either side of her. Patrick took one hand, Briar took
the other. They linked hands with Joel and I respectively.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHeavenly Father, I‚Äôd like to thank you for the blessings you‚Äôve
bestowed upon each of us this day and for bringing my family back
together with me. I thank you for bringing us a new member, in Danielle.
May her and Joel‚Äôs love be everlasting and may you grant us health,
prosperity and happiness. Amen.‚Äù

‚ÄúAmen.‚Äù Came the reply, and I said it with them.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey, Pat, after dinner, could you help me set up the old office so Dani
and I can work from there?‚Äù Joel asked.

‚ÄúYeah, sure thing.‚Äù Patrick replied between bites, ‚ÄúI‚Äôll get you two set
up on the wifi and everything. Should be strong enough for whatever the
hell you two do for a living.‚Äù

‚ÄúPatrick Anderson!‚Äù Shannon snapped, ‚ÄúYou do not invoke that word in my
house!‚Äù

‚ÄúSorry, Ma‚Ä¶ Heck‚Ä¶‚Äù Patrick murmured, before looking at me, ‚ÄúSpeaking of
which‚Ä¶ What exactly is it that you do again, Dani? I don‚Äôt recall.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúOh, I do graphic design.‚Äù I said, ‚ÄúI do a lot of advertisements and
stuff like that. Mostly online banner ads. The stuff you see on Google
and Facebook.‚Äù

‚ÄúReally?‚Äù He asked, before laughing, ‚ÄúWell shoot, sounds awful
complicated.‚Äù

‚ÄúI mean, yes and no. There‚Äôs certain ways you can lay out the ads to
make them more eye catching, and a lot of companies have certain
branding requirements that need to be followed.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúSo it‚Äôs advertising you work in. Media.‚Äù Shannon said, ‚ÄúOh honey,
you‚Äôre so much better than that! Those companies‚Ä¶ There‚Äôs a Satanic
Influence to them. You see it in their logos. There‚Äôs a man on the
television who talks about it and the pagan connections in their logos.
It‚Äôs all there on purpose. It‚Äôs an invitation to the highest evils‚Ä¶ We
should find you a job in the community. I recall‚Ä¶ Patrick‚Ä¶ Who was
looking for a worker?‚Äù

‚ÄúJeremiah Gunderson had a want ad out.‚Äù Patrick said.

‚Äã

‚ÄúGunderson, yes! Gunderson‚Äôs a good boy. Oh, you‚Äôd love Mr.¬ÝGunderson!‚Äù

‚ÄúI appreciate the suggestion.‚Äù I said sheepishly, ‚ÄúBut I can work
remotely. I can assure you, there‚Äôs nothing evil about the companies I
work with. It‚Äôs mostly automotive. Nothing occult with them.‚Äù

‚ÄúOh, you would be very surprised‚Ä¶ They hide it in most everything. It‚Äôs
a taunt to the righteous. Father Abraham knows it‚Ä¶ It‚Äôs why he‚Äôs given
so much to the community. To help us grow independent. We‚Äôll need it
someday, you know. When Society is born‚Ä¶‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúSo what‚Äôs new in town anyways?‚Äù Joel interrupted and I was grateful to
him for changing the subject, ‚ÄúWhat‚Äôd I miss?‚Äù

‚ÄúSame old, same old.‚Äù Patrick said, ‚ÄúJust missed our last batch of new
hires down at Smokey Oak Farm. You would‚Äôve had a blast training these
knuckleheads‚Ä¶ We‚Äôll probably be looking for new hires again in a few
months.‚Äù

‚ÄúHey, you can count me in.‚Äù Joel said, ‚ÄúGood times, man. Good times.‚Äù

‚Äã

They hopped between subjects for the rest of the dinner, keeping Shannon
away from the topic of religion and whatever the hell else it was that
she‚Äôd been going on about, which I was pretty grateful for.

‚Äã

As night rolled in and Joel set up our office space, I set up our
bedroom and unpacked our stuff. I was mostly done when Joel came in to
check on me. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me on the neck.

‚ÄúGotcha.‚Äù He crooned sweetly.

‚ÄúYou got me.‚Äù I replied, before leaning into him.

‚ÄúSettling in okay?‚Äù He asked.

‚ÄúYeah‚Ä¶ Although I thought Patrick and Briar weren‚Äôt living here
anymore?‚Äù

‚Äã

Joel paused for a moment.

‚ÄúThey‚Äôve both got work.‚Äù He said, ‚ÄúYou heard Patrick, he‚Äôs busy running
Smokey Oak and Briar‚Äôs been running their storefront ever since the
owners daughter passed. You‚Äôve seen how bad Ma is‚Ä¶‚Äù

‚ÄúI‚Äôve never heard you call her Ma before.‚Äù I joked, turning to look at
him.

‚ÄúSorry‚Ä¶ Slipping into old habits. But you get my point, right? She
doesn‚Äôt have a lot of time left and her mind‚Ä¶ Well. It‚Äôs going.‚Äù

‚ÄúYeah‚Ä¶ I can tell‚Ä¶‚Äù I murmured.

‚Äã

Joel kissed me on the forehead.

‚ÄúI wanna be by her side when she goes.‚Äù He said, ‚ÄúShe was right there to
raise the three of us after Dad died. We owe her that.‚Äù

‚ÄúYeah‚Ä¶ You do.‚Äù I agreed, before returning his kiss.

‚Äã

We spent the next hour setting up the room together before we got too
tired to continue. The rest could wait until the next day. We called it
a night at sometime around ten, and within the next half hour Joel was
fast asleep in the bed beside me, conked out just as soundly as if he
were in his own bed.

‚Äã

Sleep didn‚Äôt come quite as easily for me though. Maybe it was the bed,
maybe it was the strange new room. Hard to say. The bed was a little
hard for my tastes, but I‚Äôve also never been able to sleep that well in
strange places. Even if this was our home now, it was still new to me.
After tossing and turning for the better part of an hour, I finally
decided that if I wasn‚Äôt going to sleep just yet, I might as well get up
and try to be productive.

‚Äã

So that‚Äôs exactly what I did.

‚Äã

I quietly left the bedroom behind and made my way into our new office.
Joel had finished most of the setup, there wasn‚Äôt much left to do to
finish it. After about ten minutes, my monitors and work laptop were up
and running. I connected to the wifi and checked my emails, before
bringing up one of my projects to plug away at it.

‚Äã

It helped keep my mind off of everything. The stress of a sudden change
and the smothering silence that filled the house. I was used to at least
some city noises outside my window. But out there at Shannon‚Äôs place
there was nothing save for the distant drone of the crickets. I didn‚Äôt
hate it but‚Ä¶ Well‚Ä¶ It wasn‚Äôt home‚Ä¶

‚Äã

I suppose the ennui that gnawed at me was probably normal given my
situation. Without something to ground you, I imagine it‚Äôs easy to feel
so restless.

‚Äã

‚ÄòYou just need to get used to it.‚Äô I told myself. ‚ÄòGive it a few weeks
and soon, it‚Äôll all be okay. You won‚Äôt feel so out of place. This place
won‚Äôt feel so strange. It‚Äôll all be okay‚Ä¶‚Äô

‚Äã

I wanted to believe it too.

‚Äã

As I worked, my mind drifted away from the stress of the move and into
more familiar territory. I could make more sense of work than I could of
all of this and in a weird way I think it did sort of set my mind at
ease. The hours on the clock drifted by and I started feeling my eyes
grow heavy. My work started to become a little sloppier as I realized
that it was probably time to call it a night. I just needed to finish
one thing and then I could‚Ä¶

‚Äã

That was when I heard it. Faint at first. The sound must‚Äôve been there
for a while before I noticed it. It was only as I was finishing up that
it actually got my attention. I paused, looking up and listening for a
moment.

‚Äã

I could‚Äôve sworn I heard somebody singing.

‚Äã

I glanced at the clock on my laptop. It was 3 in the morning, who the
hell was singing? The voice sounded female but didn‚Äôt sound like anyone
I recognized‚Ä¶ And I was pretty sure that it was coming from outside the
window‚Ä¶

‚Äã

I stood up and stepped away from the desk, before opening the window to
look out. I could hear the voice even clearer now. It was absolutely
coming from outside, and I could even make out the lyrics of the song.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhen we‚Äôve been here ten thousand years

Bright, shining as the sun

We‚Äôve no less days to sing God‚Äôs praise

Than when we first begun.‚Äù

‚Äã

I looked around for the source and it didn‚Äôt take me long to see it.
There was a woman skirting the trees just outside my window, wandering
almost aimlessly as she sang, staring at nothing in particular. The way
she seemed to move made me wonder if maybe she was drunk, but she wasn‚Äôt
dressed like a barfly. It was hard to see her clearly in the dark, but
from what I could make out, she was wearing a dirty, white set of what
looked like scrubs with matching plain sneakers. Her hair looked
discheveled and messy. She didn‚Äôt seem to notice me staring out the
window at her. Even when I called out to her, she barely even seemed to
react. She just kept singing.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAmazing grace how sweet the sound

That saved a wretch like me.

I once was lost, but now I‚Äôm found.

Was blind but now I see.‚Äù

‚Äã

She just kept wandering, staring vacantly ahead as she began the song
all over again.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAmazing grace how sweet the sound

That saved a wretch like me.

I once was lost, but now I‚Äôm found.

Was blind but now I see.‚Äù

‚Äã

I left the window and headed downstairs, slipping on my shoes as I went
out the back door and into the yard. I could still hear her singing as I
approached her. Her back was to me as she walked, and her head lolled
mindlessly to the side as she started another verse.

‚Äã

‚Äú‚ÄôTwas grace that taught my heart to fear

And grace my fears relieved.

How precious did that grace appear

The hour I first believed.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúHello?‚Äù I called again as I approached her, ‚ÄúMa‚Äôam?‚Äù

She still didn‚Äôt acknowledge me. She just kept walking, almost
mindlessly ahead, and I followed her. Slowly I reached a hand out to put
it on her shoulder and only then did she pause. The singing stopped as
her body seemed to tense up. She finally looked back at me, a hazy,
faraway look in her eye.

‚ÄúHey, are you okay?‚Äù I asked.

She just smiled emptily at me, before she started to sing again.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThrough many dangers, toils, and snares

I have already come

This grace that brought me safe thus far

And grace will lead me home.‚Äù

‚Äã

As she sang, I just stared at her, unsure what to say or think. Clearly,
something was wrong here! I mean, maybe this woman was sick, or drunk or
something! Whatever it was, she probably needed help, right? I couldn‚Äôt
just leave her out there!

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey, do you want to come with me?‚Äù I asked, although she just kept
singing, oblivious to every word I said. I reached out to try and guide
her towards the house and she didn‚Äôt put up any fight. She let me lead
her towards the back door, singing all the while as I did.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhen we‚Äôve been here ten thousand years

Bright, shining as the sun

We‚Äôve no less days to sing God‚Äôs praise

Than when we first begun.‚Äù

‚Äã

I escorted her gently into the house, taking care to close the door
behind her. I was aware that her singing was probably going to wake up
half the household, if it hadn‚Äôt already. But we needed to call someone!

‚ÄúJust sit here, alright?‚Äù I said softly as I eased her into a seat at
the kitchen table, ‚ÄúI‚Äôm going to call someone, okay? Do you have someone
I can call? A member of your family, maybe?‚Äù

Still no answer. Just another verse.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAmazing grace how sweet the sound

That saved a wretch like me.

I once was lost, but now I‚Äôm found.

Was blind but now I see.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou trying to wake up the whole goddamn house?‚Äù I heard a voice ask.
There were footsteps on the stairs as someone came down, and in the
darkness, it took me a moment to realize that it was Patrick.

‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry!‚Äù I said, ‚ÄúI just‚Ä¶ I found her wandering around outside. She
just keeps singing. I was worried, I thought that maybe we should call
someone. I don‚Äôt think she‚Äôs okay!‚Äù

‚Äã

Patrick turned on the kitchen light and stared at the woman I‚Äôd brought
in. She stared back at him and as she did, her voice suddenly died in
her throat. She looked at him with eyes that slowly grew wider and wider
with an expression I can only describe as true terror‚Ä¶ And Patrick just
stared right back at her with an intense, stony look that was hard to
read. I watched them both for a moment and was about to ask why the hell
she was staring at him like that when he spoke again.

‚Äã

‚ÄúMinnie. Were you on one of your late night walks again?‚Äù

She seemed like she was trying to speak, but the words didn‚Äôt come out.
The only sound she made was a weak rasping noise. Patrick glanced at me,
before he spoke again.

‚ÄúDoes Bill know you‚Äôre out on another little walk?‚Äù

Still no answer from ‚ÄòMinnie‚Äô.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou know her?‚Äù I asked.

‚ÄúYeah I do, this is Bill Pickmans wife. Minnie. She‚Äôs‚Ä¶ Sick‚Ä¶ Looks to me
like she‚Äôs having one of her episodes.‚Äù

‚ÄúWell, should we call someone?‚Äù I asked, ‚ÄúIs there a hospital, or maybe
the police?‚Äù

‚ÄúDon‚Äôt waste their time on her. All they‚Äôre gonna do is drive her back
home. I can save ‚Äôem the trouble.‚Äù Patrick said.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWell, what about Bill? Should we call him?‚Äù

‚ÄúBill doesn‚Äôt own a phone. Don‚Äôt worry about it, Dani. I‚Äôll take it from
here.‚Äù

Patrick flashed me a smile that seemed‚Ä¶ Wrong. It was hard to describe
it, but there was just something off about it.

‚Äã

‚ÄúCome on Minnie‚Ä¶ I‚Äôm taking you back home‚Ä¶‚Äù Patrick approached her, and
I saw her shrink away from him. She shook her head violently but didn‚Äôt
speak. It didn‚Äôt stop Patrick from grabbing her by the arm. He put one
hand on her shoulder and pulled her to her feet, earring a terrified
whimper from her.

‚ÄúYou‚Äôre scaring her!‚Äù I said.

‚ÄúYeah, she spooks easy when she‚Äôs like this.‚Äù Patrick said, ‚ÄúShe‚Äôs
fine.‚Äù

‚Äã

His grip on her arm was tight enough that I half expected it to leave a
bruise. I could see Minnie shaking! Why the hell was she so afraid of
Patrick?

‚ÄúLet‚Äôs just call the police and let them take her.‚Äù I offered, ‚ÄúYou
really don‚Äôt need to-‚Äù

‚ÄúI got it.‚Äù Patrick snapped, ‚ÄúTrust me. I‚Äôve dealt with this before.
Just leave it with me.‚Äù

‚Äã

Minnie was staring at me with big, wide eyes that looked to be on the
verge of tears. I wanted to say more. I should have said more but now my
voice was catching in my throat. That intense stare Patrick was giving
me made it harder to speak. He suddenly seemed to loom over both of us,
a great bear of a man daring me to say another word.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou should go back to bed.‚Äù He said, ‚ÄúWe got Sunday Service tomorrow.
Doesn‚Äôt do to be late to that‚Ä¶ Get some rest.‚Äù

‚Äã

He gave Minnie a tug on the arm to lead her away, into the living room.
I stood silent in the kitchen, listening as he snatched his keys off the
hook near the front door and took Minnie away. I finally followed him
when I heard him step outside, and watched as he nudged her into his
truck, then got in beside her. A moment later, the engine roared to life
and the truck was disappearing into the night.

‚Äã

When it was finally gone, I realized that my heart was racing in my
chest still. The way Patrick had looked at me before he‚Äôd left‚Ä¶ I‚Äôd
genuinely been afraid of him in that moment. Just like Minnie had been.

‚Äã

I know I didn‚Äôt have any real reason to fear for her safety or to think
that Patrick would lie to me‚Ä¶ But that look‚Ä¶ I couldn‚Äôt get it out of my
head.

‚Äã

As I went back inside, my hands were still shaking a little from the
whole encounter. I spied the phone in the kitchen and went to pick it
up. I figured, maybe if I called the local police, they might be able to
confirm that everything was alright‚Ä¶ Looking back at it now, I realize
that I wasn‚Äôt exactly thinking straight. I was really just looking for
reassurance. I was expecting some country dispatch officer to tell me
that they didn‚Äôt need to get involved.

‚Äã

I dialed 911 and listened to the phone ring. It rang, and rang, and
rang‚Ä¶ Then sometime after the fifth or sixth ring, somebody finally
picked up.

‚ÄúI told you I‚Äôve got this, Dani.‚Äù The voice on the other end of the line
said.

‚Äã

Patrick.

‚Äã

I felt a chill run through me as I once again found myself at a loss for
words.

‚ÄúH-how did you‚Ä¶‚Äù

‚ÄúJust go to sleep already. We got an early morning, tomorrow. Minnie
will be fine. Billy‚Äôll take good care of her up at his place, alright?‚Äù

‚ÄúA-alright‚Ä¶‚Äù I stammered before Patrick hung up on me.

‚Äã

The kitchen felt quieter than before as that heavy silence settled in
again, and I swear I could hear my own heart pounding in my ears. As I
stood there, an uneasy question lingered in my mind.

‚Äã

What the hell kind of town had I just moved to?
