“Microplastics are good for you, actually.”

She blinks once. Twice.

“Excuse me?” is all she manages to say.

“I said,” Dominic leans over the table. “Microplastics are good for you,
actually.”

“Says who?”

“My new roommate.”

“Oh, and he’s a scientist?”

“He is, actually. Really smart. Mesiarik University School of
Environmental sciences.” He takes a long victorious sip out of his
plastic straw. “I trust the science. Jan knows what he’s talking about.”

“Okay,” Lenka says, after a long exhale. “So what exactly is good about
our food and water supply being irreversibly polluted with plastic?”

“They’re forever,” he says.

Lenka’s hands shoot up, nearly flipping the table over. “That’s
precisely why they’re bad!” she yells. “They’re in our blood and lungs
and placenta and they’re giving us cancer! How is that good? How can
anyone say that’s good?!”

There are three other tables around us. All chatter has died down. We
are undeniably the center of attention. The atmosphere is most certainly
not romantic.

“Guys,” I say, draining my cider. “How about we leave the debates for
when we’re drunker. Let’s go dance.”

“Fine by me,” Dominic says, getting up. “Peace?”

“Peace,” she says, after a moment of consideration. I try to take my
shot and ask her to dance, but before I gather the courage, he’s already
holding her hand. By the time my shoes are off, the two of them are
already spinning round the parquet.

I had never been much of a dancer. In fact, outside of drunken grinding
in highschool, I had never danced at all. With the existential dread of
early 30s nipping at my heels though, I decided to try something new.
When I saw Forró workshops being offered in one of Prague’s
decommissioned churches, I figured it’d be a good place to start. The
moment I met Lenka, I knew I would be coming every week.

I take a seat in the pews and watch them dance. She moves with a
hypnotizing elegance. He moves with a confidence that is wholly foreign
to me. As I watch them, I try to convince myself that I am simply
observing foot work. When that lie refuses to stick, I remind myself
that people dancing at dance socials is normal and means nothing. When
that thought provides no solace, I remind myself that Dominic is
Brazilian. Forró is in his blood. If we were to engage in trench
warfare, I’d probably have the upper hand.

They dance for three songs. There are other women in the church. Women
that sit down next to me and make small talk and hint towards wanting a
dance, but I only have eyes for her. When they finish, Dominic goes off
to the bathroom. I leap at the opportunity like a hungry animal.

She’s out of breath when I ask her to dance, but acquiesces anyway.
Holding her hand, I feel a rush of joy. It dissipates the moment I start
moving my feet.

Lenka is local, but she’s been dancing Latin since she could walk. I
step on her feet immediately. I continue to do so throughout the rest of
the dance, but once she takes the lead all of my stomps miss. The dance
is nice. As we float around the Hussite church to tunes of Latin funk,
my soul feels lighter. She pulls back from the embrace and spins me. For
a moment, it feels emasculating — but then our bodies come crashing
together and her hand travels down my back. Our cheeks brush past each
other. She smiles.

And lingers.

There’s something here.

I feel alive.

I, also, feel very sweaty. Luckily, once the song finishes another one
doesn’t start.

“How was I?” I ask, trying to hide the stains on my shirt.

“Better than last week,” she winks.

The organizer makes end of mass announcements and the dancers start
making their way out of the hall. As we get to the bar, we meet Dominic,
already dressed in his coat.

“Burza?” he asks.

I nod. “Burza?” I ask, Lenka.

“Burza,” she says, without much thought.

We walk through the crowd of smoking dancers, asking the question. A
couple of them join us. Once a headcount is done, we pile into Bolts and
ride across to Holešovice. From a reformed church, we travel to a
slaughterhouse with jazz.

The lights are low and there’s a man with a bongo and another with a
trumpet and far too many with saxophones. I get a cider, Lenka gets a
beer and Dominic gets another gin and tonic. His plastic straw provokes
another argument.

Lenka cites facts about irreversible damage done to our eco system.
Dominic, on the other hand, just keeps deferring to his roommate. “I
don’t know. Jan just seems certain. And he’s a smart guy,” Dominic
finally relents, “You can talk to him yourself sometime. We’re at
Delnicka, just a couple blocks away.”

“I think microplastics are bad,” I add, before the conversation changes
topic.

The night carries on. We groove out to the music, smoke some grass and
entertain visitors to our table. Around midnight, Dominic spots his
Ukrainian ex going outside for a cigarette. He quickly excuses himself.
Lenka and me are left alone.

“Microplastics,” she says, watching the Brazilian half-run to the door.
“What a weird hill to die on. Inarguably terrible for the body.
Inarguably terrifying. We can’t get rid of them. They’re forever.”

“Do you think his roommate is an actual scientist?”

“I doubt it. Dominic is a nice guy but he’s pretty…”

“Gullible?”

“Yes.”

She laughs and nods and clinks her beer against my cider. We can see
Dominic outside animatedly talking to his old flame and a couple of the
dancers that joined us from the church. The Brazilian and his strange
views on microplastics quickly become irrelevant. Lenka starts telling
me about her childhood and the rest of the bar dissipates into
background noise.

Dominic comes back to the table after last order is called. He has his
black-haired beauty around his arm and a couple of the drunker dancers
in tow. No need for the party to end yet, he says. Afterparty at his.

Lenka works corporate. So do I. Drinking more at one AM on a Thursday is
a terrible idea, but neither of us feel like going home. When she says
yes, so do I.

Most of the group ends up thinning out by the time we get to Delnicka.
Only two others remain by the time we get to the flat. They stay for a
drink and then leave us alone with Dominic and his ex.

The four of us open a bottle of prosecco and start off a drinking game
of vague parameters. Once the glasses are refilled, Dominic announces he
wants to show his friend something in his bedroom. They promise to come
right back, but they don’t. Judging by the sounds coming from the room,
the thing Dominic is presenting is for her eyes only.

We’re drunk and comfortable on the couch, but the night is clearly
coming to an end. We each have an arm around the other, but our free
hands work at our phones trying to tell the price differences between
Bolts and Ubers. Briefly, I consider inviting Lenka over to mine but
then all thoughts of romance are wiped out in an instant.

The door to the other room opens. The being that walks out is scarcely a
man.

His body is sleek and muscular and hairless. The skin reflects light
like something lifeless. There’s a unsettling blue tint to it. The
strange hued man stands in the doorway wearing nothing but gray
sweatpants. In one hand he holds a plastic tumbler. In the other, a
plastic bag filled with a sand-like material.

“Good evening,” he says, his voice deep and hollow.

Lenka’s hand grasps mine. She squeezes. The man also makes me
uncomfortable, but I do my best to hide the fact.

“Hi,” I say. “You must be Jan, Dominic’s roommate?”

“He is I,” the man says, his eyes unblinking.

“Dominic invited us for a nightcap after forró. Hope we did not wake
you. We’re just on our way out.”

In the other room, the Ukrainian’s calls to passion quiver up an octave.
Jan turns his head in the direction of the moans for a moment. His face
betrays no emotion.

“I sleep little,” he says, turning towards us. A thin, lipless smile
stretches across his face. “I do not need sleep. I have grown past it.
Because of the microplastics.”

Lenka grips my hand again. She’s scared. As am I, but I want to be
brave.

“You think microplastics are good for you?” The laugh I let out sounds
more like a shriek. “That’s really silly. They’re bad for you. They give
you cancer.”

The blue man’s forehead shifts. Had he eyebrows, they would be raised.
“Microplastics are bad for you? Who are you to make such a bold claim.”

“We did our research.” The words come out hollow. When I look over to
Lenka, she’s staring out at the street lights. “Microplastics are really
unhealthy.”

“You did your research.” He tilts a bit of the colorful dust into his
tumbler and swirls it. His face recoils at the taste of the liquid, yet
he drinks it regardless. “As did I, friend. I did my research and it led
me to the undeniable fact that microplastics are necessary.

“For six long years I labored at the Mesiarik Life Sciences Faculty,
trying to understand. I wasted precious time dreaming up ways to remove
plastic from our diet, to limit its effects on human health — but after
years, my folly became clear. Microplastics aren’t an enemy to be
annihilated. They are necessary. They are the next step. They will raise
humanity to a new age. This century does not belong to homo sapiens. It
belongs to homo plasticus.”

She squeezes my hand again. “My Bolt is almost here,” Lenka says. “We
should get going.”

“No.” The blue man steps before the couch. “Do not leave in blindness.
Do not leave ignorant. Microplastics are good for you. Just give them a
try.”

As muscular as he is, his body moves with little grace. With each step
that Dominic’s roommate takes, I can hear a unnatural, artificial
squeak. With slow movements he undoes the bag of colorful dust. He pours
into what’s left of our prosecco.

“They say plastic harms the body, but it merely improves it. It binds to
our cells. It creates scaffolding. Life adapts to the dominant
substrate. Once, it was soil. Now it is polymer.” His poreless face is
close. His breath smells of disinfectant. “The earth made flesh. Flesh
made plastic. Plastic will reshape the flesh for what is to come.”

“I’m leaving.” Lenka stands up. There’s tears in her eyes.

“Me too,” I say. I don’t let go of her hand. She’s still squeezing.

Before Dominic’s show and tell reaches a climax, we are out of the
apartment. Lenka does not say a word until we are out of the stairwell.
Even as she speaks, she keeps her face tilted towards the window of the
apartment.

“Do you think that was fake? Like, some sort of performance art?”

I don’t respond. We both know it wasn’t.

“Terrifying.” She shudders. “Scariest part is, I think he believed it.”

“I think so too.”

Next week, at forró, Dominic is nowhere to be found. When I ask around
the other dancers, they say they haven’t seen him either. Some say he’s
been sick. Some say he’s on some sort of a health cleanse. When Lenka
asks if I heard anything, I say I haven’t. The two theories are beyond
discomforting to discuss.

When we migrate to Burza later in the evening, Dominic is not there
either. Neither does he show up to forró the following week. As we go
out for post-dance drinks, however, we do see a familiar face — his ex
girlfriend.

“You are friends of Dominic, yes?” She bee-lines straight towards our
table and sits down.

“Yes,” Lenka says. “Have you seen him?”

“Yes. And never again,” the woman says. “He is gone crazy. He tries to
make me eat the plastic.”

“Eat the plastic?” I ask, finding Lenka’s hand gripping mine under the
table.

“Yes. It is his roommate. Crazy. They eat the plastic,” the woman says,
looking like she’s about to spit in disgust. “I think the two are
fucking. If you see Dominic, you tell him to never speak to me again.”

“I don’t think they’re fucking,” I say, with confidence, but it matters
not to the conversation.

On the third week, we meet Dominic. He’s in the church well before Lenka
and me arrive. The moment he sees her, he asks her to dance. Overjoyed
that he’s not dead, she takes his hand and goes to the dance floor.
Soon, she regrets her decision.

His dancing has changed. All the smoothness has gone out of his steps.
Dominic sways without rhythm, completely deaf to the music. For a
moment, Lenka tries to lead, but he doesn’t let her. About halfway
through the song, she excuses herself and rushes to the bathroom.

“He’s shedding,” she whispers, as she rushes past me. Her palms are
covered by a thin white dust. “His skin is shedding.”

I wait for Lenka outside the bathroom for a solid five minutes. When she
exits she is no less distraught. She tells me she can’t be here anymore.
She tells me she needs to go home to take a shower to get all the toxins
off of her skin.

I wait with her for her Bolt. I try to suggest we go straight to Burza,
or another bar, or meet some other night, yet all the mirth has drained
from our conversation. Dominic’s state, his theories, his confidence
about the sickness in his bloodstream — it is all too much for her.

As she gets into the car, I fear I will never see her again. I try to
assuage that fear by reminding myself that there are other women to
dance with in the church. As I make my way up the steps, however, I bump
into someone I have no intention dancing with.

“For a moment, I thought she was right,” he says, taking a sip out of a
plastic bottle. “When I first started taking Jan’s supplements, I felt
sick.”

“Supplements?” I ask. “The microplastics, you mean.”

He laughs good naturedly and swirls the plastic bottle. The colorful
sediment at the bottom rises up giving the liquid a terrible hue. “They
change you,” he says. “At first it hurts, but then it doesn’t. I don’t
feel tired anymore. I don’t sweat anymore. I don’t feel bad anymore. I
just feel… ready.”

He offers me the plastic bottle.

I decline.

“It’s in the tap water anyway,” he says. “Jan just concentrates it. It’s
in every raindrop and every fish and every vegetable you consume. All we
are doing is controlling the dosage. All we are doing is speeding the
process up.”

In the lamplight of the church, almost obscured by the darkness of the
night, I notice the gentlest of blue hues in his skin.
