Have you ever gotten one of the midnight phone calls?

It’ll be midnight, or sometimes later, 2 or 4 AM, in the hours where the
world is silent, apart from the distant cars on the highway, and you
feel like you’re the only person on Earth. The phone will ring and, for
whatever reason, you’ll wake up. On the other side will be someone
you’ve never met. Always a different person each time - man, woman,
young, old.

They’ll start talking and you’ll stay silent, tempted to interrupt them,
but just lacking the wherewithal to do so. The message varies but the
subject is always the same - they’re looking for someone they lost.

An old man describes his missing granddaughters, twins, with fresh
braces and glasses and short blonde hair, missing before their first day
of fifth grade. A woman tells me about her husband, a carpenter, who
walked out the door one day and never came back. Once a little boy did
nothing but ask me where his mother had gone.

After they finish, you’ll hear nothing but silence on the line and the
beating of your own heart, your own breath in your silent kitchen or
bedroom or bathroom. Then they hang up. I’ve written down the numbers
every time I’ve gotten one, but during daytime I never get around to
calling back. It’s never been the same number.

I’m not the only one this happens to. All over the world, people on the
Internet mention this phenomenon. Nobody knows who’s making the calls.
It doesn’t happen to everyone - lots of people say it’s a hoax, that
we’re crazy, we’re making it up for attention. The news did a segment on
it once. I had to turn it off after two minutes.

I had a dream the other night that all the midnight callers were in my
house. It was dark and the air was still, and I drifted like a silent
swimmer through the halls. They were spread throughout the place, far
enough apart as to be alone, close enough together that there was
nowhere you could go to escape them. The woman with the missing husband
stood blocking a doorway, recounting her story at a low volume, not even
talking directly to me. The old man was eating rigatoni out of a dirty
bowl, without sauce, layers of clumped noodles squishing between his
yellow teeth. The little boy sat in the corner of the living room,
staring at the television, which wasn’t switched on. None of them seemed
to see me. None of them would stop talking. Their voices became louder
and louder until I woke up.

Today, though, something strange happened. I got a phone call at 3 in
the afternoon. I immediately recognized the number on the other end - it
was one from my list, a woman whose father never came back from K-Mart.
Alone in the grocery store parking lot, I answered, bracing myself for
her tale and the dull silence of having nothing to say. But she didn’t
go into her story. She only asked me why, the previous night, I had
called her at midnight.
