I can’t remember exactly when he appeared. One day he wasn’t there and
then one day he was. I went down in the basement one day and there he
was, tied up in the corner. He looked like an angel and I guess that’s
what he was. He didn’t correct me when I called him that. I, a rather
sensitive twelve-year-old at the time, tried to untie him. The rope kept
slipping out of my hands no matter what I did. I brought some scissors
and laboriously cut through the fibers, and for one day we had the house
to ourselves. We watched TV and made ourselves sick on sugar. I got
sick, at least. He didn’t. The next day he was back in the basement. In
chains, this time. I didn’t have scissors strong enough for that, so I
settled for keeping him company whenever I could. He was quiet and shy
and my parents weren’t home often, so I could spend quite a bit of time
down there. I’d bring him food and pet his wings and sometimes if his
voice didn’t hurt he would sing for me in a language I didn’t know.

It’s been four years since then. My parents are away on business trips
all the time. I have a house key and buy all my own groceries and
everything. Most days I sleep in the basement. I’ve kept my parents
happy with the lie that there’s mold in the basement I’ve been dealing
with myself and they shouldn’t go down there. I’m starting to worry that
that might be true. I don’t know what would happen to my angel if he
inhaled mold. Probably nothing, but I don’t want to risk it. I tell him
to hold his breath so he doesn’t have to smell all the vinegar I spray
in the corners. Stupid mold. It keeps coming back. I have a separate
budget just for bleach and vinegar. I hate the smell of vinegar but I
can suck it up and hold my breath for him.

Last week something weird happened. I saw him scratch a little mold out
of the corner he sits in and eat it. I think that’s what happened. I
have poor memory and he insists nothing happened. I want to believe him.
I want him to be okay. But since last week he hasn’t been okay. He’s
been getting thinner and thinner like he’s starving no matter how much I
give him. I swear I saw him do it again yesterday. I’ll just keep
scrubbing the mold away, I guess. He insists he’s fine when he can talk.
I wonder if we see things the same way, or if having six eyes makes
things different. Maybe he is okay and I’m overreacting, but I can’t
shake the feeling something is wrong. Maybe I should ask someone for
help, but I don’t know how I would. Hi, pastor from my parents’ church
that I haven’t been to in years, I have an angel in my basement who I
think might be sick, please advise. I’ll start scripting a conversation,
I guess.
