We’re here in the studio, sitting in the small but sleek rented office
for Parafindings LLC. It’s a two-person company that my boss set up to
run the YouTube channel, podcast, and other creations coming out of the
Parafindings brand.

Most of the ideas and creative work come from Kyle, he’s the genius
behind it all. I’m only on board because of my A/V experience and fast
video editing.

That’s what I’m trying to do now, sorta. I have about eight hours of
audio and video to make sense of. Luckily, all the action happens in the
first 90 minutes. The rest is mostly candle lights flickering.

I click back to the beginning and think of what started this all. A
digital suggestion box entry telling us to go look for the Daylight
Witch, along with an address to a home in Tigard, Oregon, Google Maps
said it was 20 minutes from our office. Google Street View said it was a
dilapidated, two-story home. Kyle decided it was a go.

I press play on the video. This was just supposed to be b-roll and test
footage, but it ended up being all we got. The first timestamp is from
10:04 PM last night when Kyle and I met up at the Daylight Witch house.

Captured by the clip camera mounted to my hat, the recording opens with
us passing our flashlights over the boarded-upfront door and grated
windows. My POV then shows me looking back to see if any neighbors would
notice us snooping, but the house was far enough down its own driveway
at the end of a tree-lined street. Privacy wouldn’t be an issue.

We pulled on the window grates to no avail and didn’t even bother with
the front door, which had so much wood nailed to it that it was
basically a wall. “Let’s see if our write-in was legit?” Kyle said as he
walked around back. He was referring to a line in the original email
that mentioned we could get in from the back.

He (or she?) would turn out to be right.

The back door had its own grated window that was reflecting some of the
bright white moonlight. It didn’t open easily as the wood had swelled
into the frame around it, but with enough force, Kyle was able to fling
it open.

We entered and got to work. The plan would be for Kyle to spend 12 hours
in this house beginning tomorrow night, 10 PM to 10 AM. As Kyle
understood it, the hook of the story would be that the fear starts after
the darkness (at least that was his best guess given the name, Daylight
Witch). So to best prepare, we wanted to mount a couple of cameras now. 

In the morning we’d review how the footage captured the sunrise hitting
the back of the house, eventually illuminating the inside. If we needed
to adjust for lighting, we’d do so before tomorrow night.

“Looks like there’s a nice view from this fireplace if you want to set
one up here,” Kyle said. I would ultimately suggest a slightly different
position for the camera that still captures most of the living room and
dining area (both in the front of the house) and a view into the kitchen
(positioned in the back, where we just came from).

We then debated setting up a camera upstairs as well, but there were
three different bedrooms, a bathroom, and a narrow hallway connecting it
all. This meant there was no obvious spot for a camera. If Kyle wanted
to film up there, he would have to use the hat cam.

I set up the other camera at the other camera at the other end of the
front room, above the dining table, capturing a different angle of the
front of the house with its own line of sight into the kitchen. An
interesting thing about these placements that I didn’t notice at the
time: because they’re both at an angle, neither view shows the back door
into the kitchen that we used to enter the house.

My video editor now shows three different feeds, soon to be just the two
mounted views as Kyle asks me to toss him the hat cam. “I’m gonna film
some stuff at home, like packing food and a sleeping bag and stuff.”

That’s where the hat cam feed ends. In both mounted camera views I see
myself taking it off and throwing it to him.

“You ready?” Kyle asks. I tell him that he can go ahead, that I want to
do a couple more test shots to see how well it handles different levels
of light in the space. I ask him how the streams are looking on his
phone, which he can pick up when in range. “Pretty crisp. Nice work. You
don’t have your phone to check?”

I didn’t. I had left it in the car, parked just 15 feet from the other
side of the boarded-up front door.

“Well, don’t stay too late,” Kyle says before turning around into the
kitchen. Because of the camera angles, he disappears from frame before
he actually would disappear from the house.

From here, without my POV view, my memory takes over:

I pick up my flashlight and turn it on. I pass the flashlight from floor
to ceiling and end to end. Tomorrow I’ll look to see how the video
quality changes with the flashlight moving in and out of view.

Next, I light some candles that we brought and place them on a few
surfaces, praying that none of these candles tip over while we’re gone.

Finally I look around the room for a light switch and quickly spot one
by the front door. I flip the two switches on and off and nothing
happens. Not surprising in a house like this. Who exactly would still be
paying the electricity here? But if there’s a chance these lights work,
I’m gonna want to see how they affect the video.

I try the light switch by the dining room table, possibly also affecting
the stairwell light, but the house remained dim.

Just to check every box, I walk into the kitchen and turn on the light.
And it worked.

Bright blinding light floods my view, followed by my own high-pitched
scream.

In front of me, up against the back door, is a tall, gaunt man now
bathed in the yellow light of the kitchen overheads. His rotting face
was its own shade of whitish-yellow framed by long grey hair that looked
singed off in places. His eyeballs were stark white, no irises and only
the tiniest black pupils like lentils on a dinner plate. His lips were
chapped to the point of blistering with flaked skin threatening to pull
away from his mouth.

Out of instinct, I flick the kitchen light off. And just like that, the
man is gone from view. I stand paralyzed in fear for what feels like ten
minutes. I’ve never been so scared and so sure I need to be anywhere but
where I am in this very moment.

I duck back into the front room and scan until I see my car keys on a
tiny end table next to the fireplace. As I grab them, I hear a familiar
click come from behind me. The radiating glow tells me instantly what I
need to know: the kitchen light is back on.

I call out hello to no response, which feels just as bad as if there was
a response.

Rather than reenter the kitchen, I move to the closest window and look
for a latch to open it, but it’s been painted shut. As I trace the
painted edges looking for a seam, I look beyond the glass of the window
and onto the grating that’s bolted onto the exterior wall. Painted seams
or not, I wasn’t getting out this way.

The front door I don’t even bother with, remembering how boarded up it
was from the outside. With my back to the kitchen, I shimmy to the other
end of the front room and up the stairs. However, despite being an
entire floor off the ground, each window on the second story was just as
reinforced as the first.

The back door, I say to myself. It’s the only way. I creep back
downstairs and see the light spilling into the front room. I pep myself
up with a few deep breaths, hoping that nothing is there when I pass
into the brightly lit kitchen.

But something is there. HE is still there. Only this time he has one
hand up in a crooked, flat-handed wave. His lips have opened into a
smile showing fractured yellowed teeth. He’s so frozen in this pose that
the only movement comes from the slight rustling of the long black
sheaths that cover his body.

I turn the light off again, but this time I stay put, staring at the
empty dark void that replaced the haunting pale man. I take a step
towards the back door and in an instance the light pops back on. This
time his chapped lips are closed but tilted upward in a smirk, as his
pale fingers hold up a pair of car keys.

My car keys.

I feel around for them in my pocket but come up empty. I back up into
the front room and crouch into the darkness by the fireplace.

In the midst of my own terror, I ask myself if a man can be a witch, but
soon realize it doesn’t matter. Witch, warlock, ghost, zombie, demon.
These words are the best we can come up with to define things we aren’t
even sure exist. Whoever is in that kitchen exists outside of any human
label I could ascribe to him.

I take a deep breath and think. He wants the light. That’s when he shows
up.

A plan crystallizes as I notice a set of fireplace tools to my right. I
grab the stoker and back up to the wall next to the opening that
connects to the kitchen. One last deep breath.

I rush around the corner, squinting my eyes to hide the horrible figure
that remains by the door. A few steps into the center of the kitchen, I
swing the stoker up in the air until I hear the sounds of glass
shattering, blessing the room with darkness.

I’m alone again, I can feel it. It worked.

Or it did, until I hear the click of my flashlight.

I turn and see the Daylight Witch holding my lit flashlight pointing
upward, illuminating his face like a camp counselor telling a scary
story around a campfire.

His tiny pupils look even smaller but stare into me with even more
intensity. Like before, he’s unmoving. Seeing his wide eyes stare
without the relief of a blink makes my own eyes water, matched only by
the discomfort of my lips as I see his streaked with tiny stripes of
blood that fill the cracks in his lips.

If I’m not getting out of here through a door or window, my only way out
is through.

I charge towards the back door, unsure if I will phase through him like
a ghost or crash into a physical body.

But just a couple feet from the door, something in me changes, and all
goes quiet.

Somewhere in between a dream and a memory, the story unfurls. It’s
patchy and fluid, drifting from one scene to the next.

A girl, lying on dry earth with a leg bent in the wrong direction. Her
skin is sunburnt and blistered, infected with hours of unadulterated
sunlight. She’s found moments too late by her twin sister, who years
later sets fire to herself to be free of the guilt. Farther in time, a
child begins to complain of a bitter and burnt smell that fills his room
every day when the sun comes up. He makes it to 18 and joins the Army,
where his troop would soon recount in horror how they saw him walk into
the flashes of gunfire in the night, arms open wide. 

Years later in Oregon, a veteran confesses to his wife that he’s still
haunted by someone from his Army days, and she suggests he talks to the
local chaplain. While waiting for his appointment, the former army man
finds himself bathing in the light passing through a stained glass
window. He enjoys the feeling so much that he throws his body through it
and onto the ground one story below.

The chaplain would live the rest of his years wishing he had been fast
enough to do something. Instead, he began to push his family away, never
letting anyone in his home and barely leaving it himself. The chaplain’s
hair grew long and his teeth decayed. One day, after a pleading phone
call from his daughter, he notices the warm glow of the oven and sticks
his head in to enjoy the–

“Dave what the fuck!” Kyle says, standing at the back door.

It takes me a minute, but I ask what time it is. “Are you drunk, dude? I
never heard from you and saw your phone’s location was still at this
shithole.”

I ignore his question and ask again what time it is. “Like, 6 AM, almost
sunrise. I was worried about you dude, I threw myself out of bed to get
here.”

Almost sunrise, not yet. It’s not yet Daylight. There might still be
time.

I pick myself up and reach for the car keys beside Kyle’s feet. As I
walk to my car, I hear Kyle ask if anything happened in the house, but I
don’t answer. I run.

--

We’re here in the studio. I continue to crawl through the video
recordings for any evidence of what happened, but I’m not finding any.
The angle of the two mounted cameras don’t catch where he was standing.

I watch the footage from beginning to end two more times. Upon starting
it the third time, I finally see something I missed before. It’s from my
hat cam footage when we first walked up to the back of the house. I
thought it was the reflection of the moon lighting up the door window.

But it’s more than that. It looks like the outline of a face looking
through the glass.

I stare at the paused clip on my laptop until my phone vibrates next to
me. It’s Kyle. Where are you dude, I’m worried about you!

I type out a text: I’m at the studio. But it’s not the full truth. WE
are at the studio.

In the full brightness of the day, the Daylight Witch watches me work.
