Chapter 1: Happy Face

Billy walked into school with his dad’s crossbow and shot into a crowd
of his fellow students. I was one of those students, funneling through
the corridors and crushing fallen-over classmates in a stampede. I even
caught a glimpse of him, sweaty and shaking, his aim terrible, probably
because of the burlap sack over his head with the smallest eye holes. He
shot seven bolts during the ordeal; some bounced off walls, missing
entirely, while others did strike flesh, even putting one through a
teacher’s foot, but in the end the only fatality was Billy himself. When
he was down to the last bolt, he locked himself in a bathroom stall and
let it loose through his own skull. He was a good lad, quiet but overall
happy, never a violent bone in his body. The police never figured out
why he did it; he left a note on his desk, but it was only one word:
“help.”

The whole day is a blur now, like Polaroids. I remember us all outside
the school, the police, screaming parents and my mum hugging the life
out of me, but we were teenagers. How the hell do you process something
like that? It was on the news and the whole community was shocked.
Ravenmere is a big town but far away from any major city, which makes it
very close-knit. Eventually, though, the town licked its wounds, and
after a few weeks school opened again. Anything regarding Billy McCarthy
became speculation or gossip.

My name is Arther. I don’t know if anyone here will believe what I have
to say; it’s so far detached from reality, but I can’t take this
anymore. I’m so tired.

People need to know about Mr Hollow’s mask shop.

It was a weekend, and warm weather was breaking through a cold and long
winter. I was out with one of my best mates, Harry. We’d been friends
for a very long time. I’d call him round or pudgy, he’d call me a gay or
describe all the ways he’d fucked my mum, but his mum died, so I never
crossed that line. We spent all day messing around town, walking down
the high street and spending money we’d earned doing odd jobs, putting
up posters or whatever was popular at the time. Harry turned to me while
eating a Milky Way and said, “You wanna come back to my place and play
COD Zombies? My dad says it’s okay.”

As much as I wanted to, because his TV was way bigger than the one I
had, I had to refuse. “Sorry, man, you know I would, but Mum’s doing a
roast dinner. She’d be pissed if I wasn’t back before it’s ready.” He
looked disappointed, and I could see why; the house must have been just
too quiet without his mum.

“Tell you what, though, Harry. Next weekend I’ll come round, stay over,
bring a shitload of snacks and play the new DLC till morning.”

That must have meant the world to him because his mood lifted instantly,
and he fist-bumped me. “Fuck yeah, can’t wait, lad. I’ll have my dad get
us McDonald’s.”

We planned it out, then went our separate ways. To this day, I wonder if
my life would have gone on as normal if I’d just said yes.

The streets were emptying out and the sun was dipping, turning the
colours of the world to simple oranges and dark greys. I was becoming
increasingly uneasy about the emptiness and decided to cut through some
back alleys. As I came through the cut-through between a post office and
the fisherman’s fish and chips, there was a red glow piercing through
the gloom. It reflected from the brick, infecting the whole alley,
enticing and warm. I’d walked past it, then doubled back.

The amount of times I’d walked this route was countless, but I’d never
seen this. Hanging high above me was a bright red neon sign reading
*HOLLOW MASKS*. The buzz of the sign drowned out all other noise, its
light engulfing me. Below it, just to the right, was a display window
protruding slightly towards me. A black, silky curtain blocked all view
of the inside; however, on the windowsill was a line of masks. They were
impossibly detailed, your typical zombies and mummies but lifelike,
almost as if someone had decapitated rotting corpses. They were true
works of art. Even the mummies’ bandages looked aged by 3,000 years,
with the dirt between each layer of fabric and the black, dry skin
briefly showing underneath. They looked so unbelievably lifelike that it
cut through the slightest hint that they were all one mould. Stuck to
the glass was a sign advertising that there was more, much more, to see
inside.

The hardwood door creaked open, ringing a bell just above my head. The
inside of the shop was not very big at first glance; the main showroom
was only a few steps wide, with a warm orange light illuminating it,
broken by colourful lamps blasting bright purple and other vibrant
colours. Looking up, the shop stretched way up high, maybe thirty feet.
A grey marble-top counter with specks of red in a blood-drop pattern sat
near the back, and the only thing behind the counter was a black
curtain, presumably leading towards the back. Every square inch was
filled with masks.

All types, overwhelming the senses: burnt men where the skin was too
real, shining in all the right spots, the muscle strands looking
movable; other abominations deep from cosmic, Lovecraftian realms;
others I couldn’t recognise. Next to the dogs and cats were animals
somewhere between the two, insects that were part praying mantis and
part spider, fish people, and even just regular people varying in levels
of depravity and gore. It may have been a trick of the light, but some
seemed to be twitching, or the alien-looking ones had their colours warp
like a lava lamp.

As I soaked in all the sights, a long, low, snake-oil-salesman voice
spoke.

“Wellll, heloooo!”

I turned back to see a man, tall and lanky, standing perfectly straight
in the centre of the shop. He scared the shit out of me. I’d never seen
him before, and it was like he’d risen through the floor.

“Jesus, fuck! I’m sorry, I didn’t see you.”

The man was wearing a black suit that absorbed all light, making him
look almost 2D. His skin was pale, but bright red, rosy cheeks
accompanied a neat haircut, his hair matching the suit. I couldn’t tell
you his age, maybe in his mid-twenties, but he had the wrinkles of a
fifty-year-old, exaggerated by this terrible, wide smile.

He leaned towards me, his hands behind his back.

“Ohhhh, that’s quite alright, my boy. No harm done. Should’ve announced
myself. Just very fascinated with your fascination… very much.”

Mum told me staring was rude, but I was transfixed by how the man’s eyes
reflected light, almost as if I’d shone a torch at a fox in the dead of
night. I mustered the courage to speak again.

“I was just looking. They’re really cool. I’ve never seen anything like
it.”

He chuckled, not blinking and not breaking eye contact.

“Why, thank you, young man. I take pride in my work, yes. I personally
and PAINSTAKINGLY crafted every one of these, and there’s always demand
for more… no sign of slowing down.”

He strutted around proudly, showing off some of the empty spots where a
mask used to be.

“A boy about your age bought one of my pride and joys this very
afternoon. I never make the same one twice. But now, what’s your name?
I’d hate for us to remain strangers much longer.”

The man seemed harmless, just a bit off. I mean, he’s technically an
artist, and the art kids at school were all strange in their own way. So
I extended my arm out to shake his hand.

“My name’s Arther. My mum’s expecting me for dinner soon.”

He shook my hand with an icy grip.

“Lovely to meet you, Mr Arther. I’m Mr Hollow.”

I could feel his eyes scanning my face. I had to go, but I needed to ask
where this shop came from, if he’d just opened.

“Oh, why yes. I just opened here. I take my arts all over the world, my
boy, and if you think about one thing, it’s that in all my years and all
the miles I’ve walked, you have the pleasure of crossing paths with me…
seems like fate, don’t it?”

An uncomfortable silence hung in the air before Mr Hollow began to
cough. He patted my back, escorting me towards the door.

“Now, you should get home. I’m sure if you were to pick a mask now, it
would be rushed and not right. Also, I bet your mother’s roast is
delicious, and it shouldn’t go cold now. But listen, if you would like
one of these masks, you come back anytime. We can find you the right
one. However, for now, Mr Arther, there’s sooo much to do.”

Before I could respond, he slammed the door in my face. A moment later,
the neon light clicked off, and his coughing fit faded off to
nothingness.

Wait. I never told him what my mum was cooking or why I needed to be
home. I wondered about this the whole way back.

Chapter 2: Strange Things Are Happening

I spoke to Mum and Dad about the strange man in the strange shop that
almost appeared before my eyes, but they wouldn’t have any of it. I
didn’t blame them; I wouldn’t believe it if someone told me that, or
even really care. To them, it was just another thing a kid said, nothing
else happened that night apart from the fact that a kid who only lived
down the road killed his family.

I woke up early in the morning to sirens blaring. Mum had tried to
protect me from the truth, but it was only a matter of time. The whole
street was closed off, and about twelve police cars were outside. Harry
phoned me; he was already out of breath when I picked up.

“Arther, oh my God, did you hear? It was fucking Charlie from school. He
killed his whole family. He full-on got a killstreak.”

I asked how he knew. He was telling me someone from school whose dad was
a police officer was phoning everyone. Apparently, Charlie had locked
his mum, dad and younger sister in the bathroom while they were
distracted with his sister’s wobbly tooth. Charlie then thought it would
be a good idea to connect a garden hose to the car’s exhaust and lead it
all the way to the bottom of the bathroom door. Charlie was then
compelled to turn the ignition key.

They said there were claw marks everywhere, even his sister’s throat.
It’s obvious they struggled. Rumour said the door was bent out, with the
wood just about splintered, like the dad was kicking it down but
collapsed just before. Charlie was nowhere to be seen. They didn’t once
think it was a kidnapping because he’d left a note just outside. It was
never released what was said.

The most alarming thing about that phone call, apart from the fact that
Charlie was still at large, was that more things had happened. Another
girl from school stabbed her baby brother in the crib before being
subdued by the mum. Even the library got firebombed. They think it’s a
group of some of the older kids, but they’re missing too.

Things like this didn’t happen here. We thought Billy was an anomaly. Me
and Harry sat on that phone for ages, discussing theories and other
things, when, like a jolt of lightning, I asked him, “Hey, did you see
that new shop next to the post office? There’s some creepy guy there
selling masks.”

“No, but that sounds sick. Finally, something cool. Ravenmere never had
anything like that. And also, do you think it’s like the apocalypse with
all that creepy stuff happening?”

“Doubt it, mate. If it gets that bad, we’ll pack up and run away,” I
said, joking.

We said goodbye, and I spent some time playing Xbox. The sinister nature
that had infected Ravenmere in the past twenty-four hours faded, but
still, every now and then, images of Mr Hollow flashed inside my skull.
The thought of his masks stayed with me too. They were so cool, true
works of art, and I could get one. If I was to get one, which would I
get? I didn’t even know how much they were, so it would have to be
right, the perfect mask, and there were so many. Mr Hollow said he’d be
happy to help pick out the right one.

In that train of thought, Dad came around the corner.

“Hey, son, you hear all that stuff today? It’s mental.”

I agreed, and he sat down.

“Don’t know where the world’s heading, think? All downhill, I say.”

I told him all the things I was told on the phone, even the rumours. It
was nice to have something interesting to talk about.

“My God, all downhill. Kids didn’t used to do this. Now all they seem to
do is bloody stab each other. Tell you what, Arther, you ever come in
doing that shit—”

I interrupted.

“What, come in stabbing people?”

We sat laughing, having dark back-and-forths about ever-increasingly
disturbing but funny situations. After a while Dad stood up laughing. He
finished off the conversation with a question.

“Do you mind going to the shop and getting us some milk? I’ll make us a
brew when you’re back.”

Chapter 3: Absolutely Terrific

The streets were a little more timid that day. The gossip ping-ponged
from person to person. I was just gonna get the milk and go back, but on
the way back I thought, “Maybe I’ll go see if it’s open”.

So instead of heading straight home, I took the longer way back through
the back alley. Before I knew it, I was standing under the neon sign of
Hollow Masks. The glow was calling me through the door. I could hear the
faint sound of Bobby Darin’s “Beyond the Sea” beyond it; I only
recognised it because I love BioShock.

I wouldn’t get one. I couldn’t. I’d only brought enough money for milk.
Maybe just look. So I opened the door and stepped back in, the
otherworldly lights swallowing me whole.

A familiar voice greeted me from behind the counter, fingers
rhythmically tapping along with the song that bellowed through the shop.

“Mr Arther! Oooh, I was wondering when you might rear your head back in
here. Glad it’s sooner rather than later.”

His presence was like a black hole; light bent around him.

“Uh, hi, Mr Hollow. You alright?”

He opened a door built into the counter and stepped towards me.

“I’m booming, my boy. It’s so refreshing to see a community embrace a
new business.”

His grin grew with each word.

“Well, I think you picked a strange time. It’s been a weird day,” I said
while skimming my eyes over an infinite sea of false faces.

“Why yes, terrible business, all that. So why are you stumbling back
into my shop, young Arther? Are you here to acquire a genuine Mr
Hollow?”

“I wouldn’t know where to begin. There’s so many, and they’re all so
cool. To be honest, Mr Hollow, I’m not much of an art guy, but these are
something else.”

A wave of possibilities flooded my mind. I’d be the main focus of any
Halloween party or the most badass bank robber. I could be anything if I
just had the right mask.

Mr Hollow scratched his chin, pondering deeply. His tone changed, more
serious but not intimidating.

“You know, I think it’s wonderful to see a young man like yourself so
fascinated… Tell me about yourself, Arther, and most importantly, what’s
your favourite horror film?”

He pulled out a napkin and coughed into it.

So I told him about myself: Mum, Dad, how I was in school. My favourite
horror was Alien. He was hanging on every word. He even brought out a
notepad, circling me as he wrote things, but I felt compelled. He was
doing what artists do, gathering inspiration.

“Are you a good person, Arther?”

“I try. I never late with homework. What about you, Mr Hollow? I mean,
where are you from?”

“In time, Arther… in time.”

He pulled out a measuring tape and took the dimensions of my head. After
he stepped back, he smiled.

“None of these are for you. No, for you, I’ll make you something
special, Arther. Something tailored. Dare I say, a masterpiece.”

I was taken aback and full of wonder, but I had to bring this down to
reality.

“I really don’t have that much money, and that sounds expen—”

“Ohhhh, Mr Arther, you misunderstand. All the masks you see, alllll the
masks I make, are free. But you’re only allowed one.”

The lights flickered. Only his shiny eyes pierced the darkness.

“They’re free?”

“Of course. They’re free. Have you ever seen a price tag? Noooo. I’m
repaid in the good that comes of them and the enjoyment of my clients.”

I looked down at the milk still in my hand.

“Oh my God, I have to get back, Mr Hollow. I only came out for milk.”

“I’m sorry to have kept you, Mr Arther. I’ll get started on your mask
right away. We don’t have long.”

As I reached for the door, I stopped.

“What do you mean, we don’t have long?”

“Oh, I said it won’t be long… You should run along now and be safe
getting home, Mr Arther.”

I stepped outside and hurried home. Dad must have been wondering where I
was, but in one of the side streets behind me there was a shuffling
sound. I turned around and saw someone staring at me from around a
corner, about my height. I only caught a glimpse before they scurried
away, but they were wearing a mask: a green face contorted into a
spiral.

I ran home after that.

Chapter 4: Come Over, Arther

Dad wondered where I was. I told him about Mr Hollow’s offer to make me
a mask. He was growing a bit concerned, but I reassured him that he’s
just a man who makes masks. Dad then told me something that almost shook
me off going back there.

“Yeah, you said it’s behind the post office. Well, on the way back from
work, I didn’t see any shop.”

I said maybe he’d missed it or something, but he lowered his guard when
I said other kids had been getting them.

“I swear they make anything a trend these days,” he said, making me a
cup of tea.

That night I had a dream that Mr Hollow was in my garden, that tall,
lanky figure standing in the dark, but his eyes shone bright.

I was stupid. All the signs were right there, but I was a kid. I mean,
what was I gonna do? I still rage inside that never changes. Through the
night, as I found out in the morning, very early on in the school day,
more gossip ricocheted from friend groups. Some more kids had gone
missing, but there were no signs of kidnapping, like they had just gone
in the night willingly. Cars got smashed, and a younger couple was
nearly beaten to death at the park.

This was getting worse. Something was growing in the belly of Ravenmere.

I was worried sick when Harry didn’t come in that day, but his dad had
called in sick for him. If it was bullshit, I wouldn’t blame him.
Everyone was on edge. Rumours of gangs of kids dragging people off and
breaking into houses were spreading. I walked past a group of girls, and
one of them said, “I heard they’re wearing these really creepy masks.”

Shit.

It’s gotta be explainable. I mean, Mr Hollow said he’d been doing good
with “business.” Was this what he was getting out of it? I didn’t
understand, but that day in school is covered by a big blanket in my
mind, overlapping all memories of school, even more than Billy and his
crossbow.

I sat down, ready for class to start, and mumbled something under my
breath.

“Billy was wearing a mask too.”

The day droned on as normal, even slower than normal, as I didn’t have
Harry to get me through the day. I won’t bore you with my average school
day, so I’ll skip to the part when everything changed.

Halfway through history, one of the girls shrieked bloody murder,
pointing at the window. Someone wearing a face mask with all its eyes,
nose and mouth reshuffled threw a Molotov through the glass, crashing
into the room and setting Mrs Rimington on fire. She thrashed around on
the floor, crying as her dress fused with her charred skin.

I ran out into the hallway just as another followed. Smoke and screams
filled the corridors as kids flooded through them. It was Billy McCarthy
all over again.

In the crowd, someone yelled, “Oh God, there’s more!”

Running down the halls were groups of kids of all ages holding hacksaws,
hammers and knives. They carved into the wall of panic. The kid with the
hacksaw pulled a younger boy aside and held him down as he sawed into
his neck. Blood splattered everywhere, but the kid sawing didn’t mind.
The blood only hit his mask.

More assailants emerged, beating and stabbing anyone in front of them.
There must have been over a dozen. People cried, people begged, but it
fell on deaf ears. Teachers couldn’t overpower them; they were strong. I
know because one grabbed me, but let go on seeing my face.

I could see my own face because his mask was just a mirror.

They had cut off all the exits. I’d never go back to school ever again.
Me and another kid hid in an empty classroom and locked the door. I
watched through the window, seeing the savageness of the attack. There
were more of them somehow, and I’d soon get my answer.

I watched as a group pinned a kid to the floor. One of the masked
reached into a bag and pulled out another mask. It looked like a
leopard, and they forcibly put it on him. They stepped back as he tried
to pull it off, but it had vacuumed around his skull. Before long, he
stood up and ran off with the others.

Eventually, after enough carnage, the sound of sirens grew closer and
the masked attackers ran off into the woods, disappearing into town.
They left many injured. Somehow, Mrs Rimington was alive, although
charred. Three students died and a handful were missing.

None of the perpetrators were caught.

Time blurred between the sirens and feeling Mum and Dad’s arms around
me. Like I said, I never went back to school, not from fear, but, well,
you’ll see.

On the car ride home, I told Mum and Dad about what I saw with the
masks, but it’s like the information slid off their backs like water off
a duck. The same with the police. They just unnaturally dismissed
anything I said.

“There is no shop.”

Or:

“You’ve been through something traumatic.”

I knew that, but no matter how much I insisted, no one listened.I
stopped mid-sentence when we drove past a bus stop and Mr Hollow was
standing in the rain, smiling and waving as we drove past.

Mum and Dad didn’t let me out of their sight, let me pick whatever I
wanted for dinner and stay up as late as I could, but I needed to stay
up and wait for them to go to bed. I needed to sneak out and confront Mr
Hollow.

Mum kissed me on the head and went upstairs. I sat watching a film for
thirty minutes to give them time to fall asleep. My adrenaline kicked up
again, but it felt worn out, a current going through a burnt circuit.

Dad was kind enough to lend me a hunting knife without him
knowing.Before I left, I phoned Harry. He would want in on this, and I
was scared of going alone, but there was no answer. It was late.

I stepped out and made my way towards Mr Hollow’s shop. Police cruisers
patrolled the streets, cutting into the void as they looked for any
masked hooligans. They were few and far between, but still had to be
vigilant.

In town, it all seemed like a pot about to boil. There was nothing but,
under the skin, there was everything, giving me a sense of danger: dogs
barking, loud crashes and the pitter-patter of footsteps from the dark.
As I moved from street to street, I felt like I was growing eyes on the
back of my head.

I mumbled a comforting thought.

“This can’t be real. I don’t know what this is, what ancient power or
witchcraft thing you are, but this has to stop.”

Once more, I stood under the red glow. I guess no matter how late it is,
Hollow Masks is always open.

I slowly pushed the door, carefully trying not to trigger the bell that
announced the entrance of a new customer. I was successful. From behind
the curtain bellowed some calm classical song, but the shop was
different.

Different as in all the masks were gone.

The ones up high, all gone.

Only a sign hung over the counter:

SOLD OUT

A wave of fear wormed into my soul as the lights flickered again. In the
brief moments of blackness, I could have sworn I saw his eyes reflecting
in the corner.

I climbed over the counter, hammer drawn. I peeked behind the curtain.

What hid behind the veil was some rustic workshop of splintered wood,
but there were medical tools like scalpels and shiny metal clamps, old
dusty books, some open and showing brown, aged pages covered in symbols
I didn’t recognise. Big pots of primordial soup faded in and out of all
colours of the spectrum, smelling of rotten wood mixed with dirt. There
were things suspended in the pots, hanging from ropes.

I pulled one up.

It was a mask, only a blank slate. I couldn’t tell you what it was going
to be.

At the far end was the main workbench, an array of paints and brushes,
and also something covered by a red velvet cloth.

I approached slowly, still unsure of where Mr Hollow or that music was
coming from. As I reached out, just about to see what was cove—

“Mr Arther.”

His voice was deeper, more gruff, but still like a salesman.

I stood frozen. The feeling of his strong presence lay on my back.

“Mr Arther, it’s—it’s quite wonderful. I can’t wait for you to see it.”

I turned around.

He was standing a few feet away, blocking the way out.Tar leaked from
his mouth.

“Mr Hollow, I don’t think I want the mask anymore.”

His head tilted, eyes widened.

“Oh—oh, and why is that? You’d be rude and refuse a gift. I thought you
were a good boy.”

His eyes were unblinking. I was too scared to make a move, and it
showed.

“I think your… your masks are hurting people, and I’d like you to leave
my town.”

His smile widened as he took a long step towards me. I raised the
hammer.

“Now, now, don’t be so dour. I’ll be gone soon enough. This place is
making me suffer from success. However, if you think this is true, that
I’m hurting people… you really think this little knife that you got from
your dad while he was sleeping can hurt me?”

“If I have to.”

“Enough of this. It’s alllll coming to an end now, Mr Arther. I think
you should go home and check on your mum and dad.”

With that said, Mr Hollow disappeared in a puff of smoke. The red cloth
and whatever it was hiding were gone.I needed to go home.It was getting
hot. Like, really hot.The shop had been set alight. Flames spread over
the walls and the worktops. I ran for the door and was back onto the
street.

Turning around, there was nothing.

No fire.

No shop.

Just a brick wall.

Chapter 5: Mr Hollow’s Mask

The streets were in a fit of rage. Not even just kids were committing
sins; it was adults too. Police were being dragged from their cars,
blood ran into gutters as I saw a woman tied to a lamppost, having her
own pet Chihuahua stuffed down her throat, her jaw split as the masked
danced around before seeking a new target. A rubbish truck swerved into
fleeing families. I had to divert around town.

At the town hall, a pile of bodies made a bonfire, with people being
dragged from homes and tossed in for fuel.

It was hell.

When I eventually reached home, all the lights were on. As I climbed the
steps to the front door, I’d acquired an audience.They stood and watched
me walk through the door.The same classical music echoed through the
house. A figure walked down the stairs. The boy wearing the swirly
face—seeing him properly only made me realise who wore it.

“Harry?”

No response.

He escorted me to the dining room, where Mum sat to the left and Dad to
the right, both tied, both wearing the mask of a baby. A blue and pink
ribbon was all that was different.And at the head of the table was Mr
Hollow.Harry pulled out a chair. As I sat down, he took his place next
to Mr Hollow.

He then spoke.

“Thank you so, so, so much for joining us here, Arther. It really means
a lot that you come in my time of need.”

I lost my temper.

“Let them go!”

“Ohhh, now calm down. Lucky for you, there is still a chance of that,
but it all depends on you, Arther.”

He pointed his gangly finger my way.

“Your mum and dad are all still there. My masks haven’t taken hold yet.”

I could tell this was true. They were looking around, making muffled
pleas.

I caved.

“Just what do you want?”

He pulled out the red cloth and placed it on the table. Removing it
showed a mask. No surprise there, but it was similar.

It was Mr Hollow.

“Put this on and I’ll let your family go.”

Two more masked figures walked into the kitchen carrying big metal pots
full of boiling water.

“This is only a courtesy between friends. I could have them force it on
you.”

“Why does it look like you?”

“It is me, Arther. I’ve lived a long time, but these bodies aren’t for
forever. Let me become the captain of your ship and your parents live.
Once the masks take hold, not even I can undo them, but I can pass it
on. I can pass myself on. Let me spread my art, and you will be by my
side the whole way, my boy. Don’t let me down now.”

My dad shook his head, begging me not to, but one of the masked poured
the scalding water onto him. He thrashed and screamed in the steam as
his skin blistered.

I lunged, but Harry raced over and held me down by the shoulders.

“We’re running out of time, Arther. The others can go to help hold off
the police, but Harry can stay. A friend of yours is a friend of mine.”

Now the smile just pissed me off.

The others left, leaving the remaining pot of hot water on the table.
While Mr Hollow waffled on, I cried with my parents. In the corner of my
eye, my dad was pulling something out of his pocket.

His car keys.

We made eye contact, and he gave a look of measurement.

It was okay.

Don’t put on that mask.

No matter what.

I played along.

“Okay… okay, I’ll do it.”

“Splendid. I knew you wouldn’t let me down.”

He stood up, and Harry reached for the mask. In that moment, I spoke to
what part of him remained.

“I’m so sorry, Harry.”

I pulled out the knife and drove it deep into his neck. He collapsed,
choking on blood.Mr Hollow showed no change until I grabbed the pot,
splashing him with it. His body seized and contorted, but he was still
smiling, with no vocal sound of pain.

I lunged for him, piercing his chest. A thick black substance oozed out
as I pulled the knife out and pierced his eye.I hoped the poor man he
was using didn’t feel it.As the light in his eyes faded, Mr Hollow spoke
one last time.

“You’ll never know peace, Mr Arther. Not now, not ever.”

My parents swarmed as the masks tightened. I grabbed my dad’s keys and
ran to the door.

They rose and stared.

“I love Mum and Dad… so much.”

They chased me all the way to the car. More masked figures joined as
they climbed over each other, diving through windows to get to me.

I climbed into the car and turned the key.I saw my mum sprinting,
holding the empty Mr Hollow mask.They chased me for God knows how long.I
drove and drove through the fire and destroyed Ravenmere, and then some
more.

Never going back.

Completely alone.

So here we are.

It’s been some time since then, some years since the authorities deemed
Ravenmere almost destroyed by civil unrest and a fire that spread from
building to building.

No mention of the masked.

No mention of the pain.

The murder.

Mr Hollow was right.

I haven’t known peace since that night. They hunt me constantly, trying
to put that mask on my head. They burn all that comes between them. So
many have died as they try to restore their master.

Where am I now?

Well, I’m alone in this isolated cabin. They hide in the trees, and as I
type this, the sound of classical music grows louder.As I stare out my
window, I can see Mum and Dad.

In their hands is Mr Hollow’s mask.
