At the ages of 5 - 6, I had a recurring nightmare about a grey frowning
face. It looked like a very convincing face mask, but the way its eyes
and mouth moved was very natural. It would usually be stuck to the spot
of the ceiling where the light should’ve been. Its eyes were white with
dark pupils. It had no ears or hair, and inside its mouth was a black
void. No teeth, tongue, anything. I’d be lying on my bed, my room lit by
daylight. Then I turn to lie on my back and I’d see it. My heart would
drop, then I’d wake up in tears. My parents would tell me it was just a
dream, but that is of course not at all how it felt back then. I started
feeling weird about ceiling lights. A general unease whenever I saw one.
I stopped sleeping on my back, and eventually that translated into the
nightmares. I’d be lying on one of my sides, or my stomach, instead.

However, the face started letting out this sound… some combination of a
croak and a mechanical wail. The first time this happened, I thought it
was totally unrelated. Maybe a toy in my closet. Then I looked up and
learned where it was coming from. From then on, I knew that if I heard
the croak, I shouldn’t look up, but even the croak on its own made my
heart drop and had me waking up and rushing to the light switch.

At some point, I had a dream where I stepped into the bathroom and saw
the creepy little thing lying on one of the floor tiles by the bathtub.
My stomach sank. After that, I would always look at that spot on the
floor every time I entered the bathroom. I’d be relieved every time the
space was empty. Whenever a towel was lying there, I made sure to check
for any bumps.

In one other dream, I was sitting in my grandma’s hallway. Two other
kids were sitting in front of me. One of them looked up at the ceiling,
then said, “I love a lot of things, like that faaaace.” I looked up and
saw you know what in place of the ceiling light.

The final time I dreamed of it was soon after I turned 7. I was lying in
bed, the light was on. For some reason, I looked up and saw a grey
object in the round glass lid protecting the light bulb. It was blurred
by the glass, but the shape and small patch of darkness told me exactly
what it was. I cried for my mom. The object disappeared as I woke up and
continued bawling my eyes out.

As an adult, I no longer get that sinking feeling when recalling the
dreams. The face was an idea child me never understood, just like ghosts
and demons. None of it was real.

Last week, my 5 year old son started crying to me about a grey face on
his ceiling. I raised my right brow high. I asked him to draw it. When
he handed me the drawing, I was stunned. The oval shape, the size of the
eyes, the darkness of the frowning mouth… I texted both of my parents,
asking them if they had ever seen anything similar. My dad told me yes,
on his bedroom ceiling and occasionally his floor.

My son started telling me he doesn’t want to go to sleep. One morning, I
saw his drawing in the trash. The face was scribbled out with yellow
crayon.

It was a dream. I knew there was nothing to worry about. That was until
my friend, Tom, texted me about an abandoned house on the other side of
the neighborhood. According to him, there are solar-powered lights on
the exterior of the home that are blinking in an SOS pattern nonstop.
This wasn’t the home people were concerned about months ago that you’ve
probably forgotten, or never even heard of, and that case was proven to
just be the solar powered lights doing a thing. This house only has one
light hanging from its porch, and it’s not solar powered. Every window
is boarded up. Our local police force spent a couple nights telling
visitors the light is solar powered, but Tom says he isn’t buying it. He
claimed the police have since stopped patrolling the place and told me
he wanted to check it out with me at around 10 PM. To do that, I’d have
to leave my son with someone else, which I dreaded to the core. Besides,
it’s not like there’s anything in that house. I told him no, but I also
told him he could send me some pictures and videos.

At 4 AM, I got up to use the bathroom. Eyes heavy, I checked my
notifications. There were 10 from Tom. I tapped the first. There were 10
videos in the chat. The first few were mundane, although chilling,
considering the context. In the first one, Tom shines a flashlight at a
staircase leading down into a basement, then to the right at a staircase
going up. He takes a right, then finds a light switch. Flipping it did
nothing. He aims the flashlight along the trim of a wall. Chipped paint
and dust blanketed the floor, and there was no furniture. He inspected
every inch of the room, then the video closed. In the second video, the
flashlight is shining on a tiled floor, then up onto a sink. Tom coughs,
which almost had me jumping up from my seat.

In the third and fourth, it was hard to tell what room he was in until
the flashlight shone on a small window sitting along the ceiling. He
kept inspecting, shining that light across the floor, then along the
walls. Even though it was just dust and some blotches of brown paint in
an empty room, I was cold and still. There was a boiler tank, but that
was about it.

In the fifth through seventh videos, he was in some smaller rooms. In
the first, the light traveled across the dusty floor until it came
across half of a fist-sized yellow smiley face ball. In the second,
there was a plastic bin of children’s toys on the ground. One toy was an
orange balloon-shaped thing with a smiley face and a yellow cord.
Another was a yellow Care Bear. Underneath were some beanie babies and
beyblades.

The eighth video… that one struck me harder than anything could. The
light moved across yet another dusty floor. Then the wall, which was
defiled with chipped paint. Then came the croak. It had to be someone
messing with Tom, right? The tone and volume matched the croak from my
nightmares, but Tom didn’t know about those, so this wasn’t some prank
on me either. The light was aimed up at the ceiling. My heart… my
stomach… everything… dropped. The skin, eyes, mouth… dear fucking god.
It wasn’t some clay model. It was organic and fluid. It was the fucking
thing from my nightmares.

Tom let out a breathy “the fuck?”

Its pupils moved in his direction, and without saying another word, he
backed out of the room. The face let out another croak. Tom sprinted
down the stairs. At the bottom, there was a banging on the front door.
The video ended. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to watch the final two, but I
needed to.

I tapped on the ninth video. It started in pitch black nothingness,
aside from the light of a passing car shining through a crack in the
boarded window. The banging continued. The croaking could be heard from
wherever Tom was, only between each knock. Then there was another sound…
Tom’s own speedy footsteps. Then a sound like that of someone stuffing
their phone into their pocket. Seconds later, there was more banging,
like a hammer hitting a wooden board, along with the sound of pieces of
wood hitting the floor, then the smacking of glass, followed by male
voices.

“You’ve seen enough, come with us.”

“Let’s go.”

“Up, up.”

The screen was still black, but I could hear the slamming of doors, like
those on a van. He pulled his phone out of his pocket, then aimed it at
his face. It was flushed. He was breathing heavy. “I don’t know what’s
happening. I might have to delete the chat, but you’ll still see-”
footsteps approached the back of the van, then the video ended.

My mind spinning, I tapped on the 10th video, but the app told me it
couldn’t load it. Great, my friend has been taken by some men and the
grey nightmare face is real. Does it pose a threat to my child? It never
attacked Tom. It just croaked. Not a moment later, I heard that high
pitched cry. I rushed into his room, calmed him down, then asked what
happened. Just to get him to express himself.

“The face was on my bed!”

I looked at him.

“Well, I’ll get rid of it.”

It was something you’d tell a kid without meaning it in any case where
the thing they’re afraid of doesn’t exist. This situation was different.
Somehow, that thing was real. Maybe Tom could give me a few more
answers. I texted him about the nightmares I had and told him I’d be
willing to check out the house myself, finally trusting someone else
with my child if it meant protecting them.

However, Tom never responded. A week went by without a response. Another
friend asked if I had seen him. I told her no. I wanted to face this
thing myself, but those men… why did they take him? Where did they take
him?

The following night, I got in my car then drove by the house. There was
a rush of adrenaline as I approached. No one was around. Not that I
could see, anyway. After passing the house, the rush subsided. What was
there to do? I can’t report the videos to anyone, as no one would
believe any of them are real. Was there any other way? What if there’s
more than one of these faces? Exactly how threatening are they?

I set up two cameras in my son’s room. One aimed at the ceiling and one
at the floor. Hopefully, I’d capture something. I told him I’d sleep in
his bed with him. I kept a baseball bat by my side, just in case.

There was nothing on nights one and two. I didn’t once wake up to the
sound of my son crying. On night three, I woke up to him wailing. I
switched the light on, noticing his eyes were glued to the ceiling, but
there was nothing in or around the light cover. As I stepped closer, the
light bulb shattered with a loud pop, then there was a thud. I used my
phone’s flashlight to get a look at the ceiling. The lid had fallen. I
ushered my son out of the room, then I went for the bat. I aimed the
flashlight up at the ceiling, then poked hard at the spot where the bulb
should be, slamming it again and again and again. There was a short
croak. My heart dropped… I slammed harder. After a few hits, an
unfamiliar male voice sent chills down my spine.

“Hey.”

I turned my head to see the silhouette of a tall man. His head nearly
touched the doorframe. “Stay away,” he said. All the hairs on my arm
were up. The light shining from the bathroom, and my phone, vanished.
Then the temperature dropped enough for me to shiver.

“Who… are you…?” I asked.

I heard a thumping come my way. I swung the bat. Although, I then
realized my hands were empty. Feeling the man’s presence approaching, I
sprinted around him, feeling around for the wall. There was no sign of
it, or the door. The man’s footsteps sped up, and so did my heart. I
picked up my pace. It was like running in a pitch-dark, never-ending
cave. “Help!”

I ran and ran, not being able to think of where I may have been. As my
legs started to weaken, something started poking my shoulder. I let out
a groan, then took a bit of a left. The poking stopped, but those
footsteps… and there was a lack of breaths… I soldiered on. Eventually,
I struck a rock-solid object, then bounced backwards, falling towards
the creep. I hit the cold floor and groaned, then my shirt collar was
yanked. All my guts sank as the man started dragging me.

“What the hell is happening!?” I cried. “Where’s my home!? Where’s my
little guy!??”

All I did was blink, and I was lying on my living room carpet, staring
at the clear blue sky out my window. The wall was lit by sunlight. My
face had a bit of an ache. I lifted my head, unable to grasp what had
happened. Then I remembered… my son. I jumped onto my feet, only to see
him fast asleep on the couch. Then I realized, if all that did indeed
happen, wouldn’t the cameras I set up have captured it? I sped into my
room to review the footage of the previous night. It still has me
scratching my head. At 4:54 AM, I’m bashing the ceiling light with the
tip of the bat. The man talks to me off camera, I look at him, my eyes
widen, then I vanish like I cut myself out of the footage, leaving no
transition. Both the bat and my phone dropped to the floor.

I called another one of my friends to ask if my son and I could move in
for a bit. I showed the police the footage, letting them hear the man’s
voice, but only that. Anything ese out of the context of experience and
they’d believe it was a skit. They assured me they’d help, then they
left. That afternoon, an officer knocked on my door and asked me to hand
over my laptop for a thorough investigation. She told me I’ll get it
back in time.

It’s been five days since then. My son and I are at my friend’s house
and I’m scrolling through a list of potential new homes in the next town
over. Tom is still nowhere to be found. My perception of the world has
been shattered with a strong, terrifying brick. Knowing paranormal
beings exist has my chest in a knot. I can’t help but read other
people’s experiences, and I hope to god they aren’t all true stories.
