My Aunt and Mom don’t talk anymore. I miss what used to be. Today, I got
a call from my Mom, she was in tears. Aunt May went missing. I went to
her old house, just to feel something I guess. I remember when me and
Aunt May would dig in the dirt. I found her journal while I was there.
It was in that creepy hole that Aunt May obsessed over. It scares me.

I’m worried about my Aunt. I think I know where she went. Has anybody
else had a similar experience? I’ll show you the pages below.

My digging journal.
2/26/2000
There’s something deep underneath the ground. It wriggles and writhes, I
can hear it scream. Its voice echoes through the town, pleading with the
people to help it. But no one else hears its screams. 

3/5/2000
I’ve started to dig in my back yard. My sister and nephew are scared for
me. They always try to take my shovel away. But I need to help it.

It begs me to. It needs to be free. Sometimes I stay out too late in the
night, when the air turns cold. And I can feel how fragile my body truly
is. My fingers feel like metal, with wires pulling them together, making
them move. I can feel my blood, my veins, and muscles. And I’m reminded
that one sharp stab would destroy my body and render it useless.

4/28/2000
The creature’s cries have grown quieter. It knows I’m helping it. I can
feel it now, it’s whispering inside my head. It moves my muscles for me.
I feel like a puppet on strings. But I can’t help but feel happy. Soon
it will be free. 

7/13/2000
My sister moved out yesterday. She said she couldn’t stand me digging in
the backyard anymore. Does she not understand how important this is to
us? I’ve told her why I’m digging, but she’s not listening!

My nephew visits me on the weekends, he helps out with a little toy
shovel. I was fired a week ago. Maybe, I don’t use my phone anymore.

8/1/2000
It’s screaming again. Something is wrong. I don’t think I’m moving fast
enough. I can hear it dying. I need something stronger. This shovel
isn’t enough anymore.

9/1/2000
What am I doing wrong? I’m getting nowhere. Nobody is listening to me,
nobody is helping me! My sister won’t even let me see my nephew anymore!
Maybe I should just stop? Is this even worth it? I don’t want to lose my

9/2/2000
I was weak. That was just a moment of weakness. Everyday the hole is
getting deeper and deeper. I need a ladder to get in and out of it now.
I’m making good progress. This will work. Everybody will be sorry when
they see me. They’ll believe me now!

10/22/2000
I hit something, I’m getting closer to the creature. I think I
accidentally ruptured its vein. I’m covered in liquid now. I need to
drain the hole. But how will I do that? I have no money. They want us
off this property.

1/1/2001
They want us gone, but we can’t leave. Not yet. We still need to free.
To free. 

2/0/202013
It’s getting harder to see in the ~~cave~~ hole. Tunnel. It’s deeper,
moist, soft, firm. I can feel whispers echoing in my ear whenever I’m
down here. 

299:92/929;20
The landlord can’t find me. They won’t find us. They’re too scared of
us. The hole will protect us. I made sure of it. It’s here to protect
us, it covers us. We won’t need protecting much longer.

5/4/2001
I feel sick. I look at my dirt covered hands, and sometimes, I think I
see blood.

333333335
I don’t know what I’m feeling anymore, it hurts. My body is aware. I
feel things not meant to be felt. I had a seizure yesterday. Caused me
to throw up bile. We are sick, we are dying. This was a mistake. I’m
just a puppet. A puppet a puppet a puppet a puppet.

There is no date. Time keeps moving.
I am dead. I’ve been done for a while now. Yet my body keeps moving, I
keep breathing, I keep whispering. I feel my skin rot, yet it’s never
been healthier. I can feel my body dying, and I can’t do anything about
it.

It’s not the body. Our body is fine. It’s my mind. Your mind. Our mind.
It’s rotting and rotting and withering away into black dust. Our mind
can’t understand what we see, what we’re doing. It’s too great of a
creature for that. Under here, in the flesh, lies something ethereal. It
just wants to help. To help. It just wants to help. I’ve already had my
use. I already did what needed to be done.

Caleb, you will be our voice. You will speak of our existence. You will
make the people love and understand us. Dearest Caleb, my most beloved
nephew. Our most beloved nephew. When you hear our voice, don’t try to
hide. Don’t try to fight it. Please just stand still and listen. Hear
our voice, Caleb. We will call upon you soon. You’re almost ready. 

(I can’t transcribe this onto text. But underneath that paragraph is a
scratched out square. It must have been a sentence, But I can’t read
what was there. They don’t want me to read it.)

My Mom said that Aunt May had gone insane a long time ago. But the thing
is, she didn’t. I can hear its voice and what it tells me is true. I’m
not scared, I never was! I come to you now, to tell you something grand.
Your Savior is here, under Elderberry Grove. 

I must go now, leave you all with my words of wisdom. The doors have
cracked open. Things are seeping out now. You better pray.
