Part 2.

I’m back. It’s been a little while again. I’ve been… I don’t know.

Surviving, I guess.

A few of you asked me to try and track down a neighbor, ask them if
they’ve seen anything. If they hear their apartment breathing too. I
knocked on every door on my floor. 

No one answered. 

Except Mrs. Bradford at the end of the hall. She’s like eighty-something
and practically deaf. I asked her anyway. 

“Have you ever heard anything strange?” I asked.

“Strange how?”

I paused, unsure how to explain what I’d been hearing. Or what had been
happening. I thought about my things going missing, about things moving
around in my apartment while I was out or asleep. 

I considered telling her about earlier this week, when a busted light
started working again overnight, the old burnt out bulb left for me to
find on the kitchen counter.

Or that yesterday I got out of a long bath and found my blanket folded
perfectly, every hair, speck of dust, and crumb of food gone. Every
trace of me taken from it.

Or that this morning there was now another circus clown on my dining
table. I had thrown the other in the garbage, too creeped out to look at
it any longer.

I didn’t want to sound crazy. I just wanted answers. 

“Strange  like… I don’t know. Like a breathing sound.”

“A what?”

“Like a ventilator, kind of?” I said. “Or one of those machines people
use for sleep apnea.”

Mrs. Bradford looked at me like I was crazy. Great.

She shook her head.

“No dear, nothing like that. This building is almost as old as I am, it
can be drafty sometimes. You’re probably just hearing things.” 

And seeing things, I thought. And feeling like someone is watching, even
though no one’s there.

The next morning I woke up to the breathing again. It’s not just at
night anymore,. and it’s louder than ever. It felt like it was right
there in the room with me.

I checked everywhere. Under the bed. In my closet. Even under the rug,
for some reason. I feel like I’m losing my mind.

I grabbed a glass again, just like I did that first week in my
apartment, and held my ear to it against the wall. Amplified by the
glass it sounded jagged, harsh, and close. I followed the sound along
the wall, the breathing growing louder, closer with each step. Until I
got to my closet. My hands were shaking as I opened the door, moved my
clothes aside and saw it.

A small crack in the wall, at the very back of the closet. 

I tried shining my phone’s flashlight into it. Took a photo, but I
couldn’t see anything.

I still don’t know what came over me in that moment. Maybe the lack of
sleep after all those restless nights. Maybe the fear and paranoia
finally got to me and I just needed to know. I don’t know what compelled
me to do it.

I pushed my hand into the wall. 

I could barely get a few fingers through, but I could feel the cold,
drafty air on the other side. And just as I did – 

The jagged breathing stopped.

It turned into a softer sound, almost delicate.

The air became warmer. 

I felt something hot and moist on my fingertips. 

I screamed and pulled back my hand, ‘

kicked the wall as hard as I could. The crack widened. Something gleamed
within.

And I heard the rasping again. Clearer than ever. I heard it speak. 

“Come back.”

I don’t know how much space there is inside the walls of old buildings. 

I don’t know what can fit inside there. How much it can move around. How
long it could be waiting.

But I don’t think I’m crazy anymore.

There is, one hundred percent, something in my walls.

Someone?

I’m moving out in two days. I got a new apartment, first one I could
find that was immediately available. I even found a girl to take over
this lease. She’s around my same age. Seems cool. A part of me feels
guilty, not telling her about what’s happened here. Not warning her. But
if I don’t get out now, I migh

t never.

I hope she’s a heavy sleeper.
