I’ve never been much of a romantic, nor did I ever believe that such a
thing as soulmates could exist. Until I met Max, that is. I feel like a
lot of couples embellish their love story, making it out to be something
so epic and out of the ordinary that people should write sonnets and
make movies about it, but ours really felt like that. It might seem
dramatic but I can almost for certain say that we were predestined,
simply made for each other.

Anyone who has met their spouse out at the bars can confirm that upon
entering the place, you’d never have suspected that this was going to be
the night that would change the trajectory of your entire life. I’d
almost stayed in but something beckoned me to go out anyway, call it
divine intervention, and the minute I walked through the door - there he
was. He stood on the opposite side of the bar with a bunch of randos who
aren’t relevant to the story, talking to what I assumed must have been a
friend or a sister. 

We locked eyes immediately and he quickly looked away, that cheshire
smirk that I’ve grown to love playing on his lips. From the very first
moment he knew that he had me, and he sure wasn’t going to make it
easy. 

Later in the night while we were in line to the bathroom together, I got
a proper look at him in the slightly more illuminated hallway. Jesus
Christ he looked cool, leaning against the wall with his right hand
shoved into the front pocket of his jeans and the left one snaked around
his beer. I’d seen attractive hands before, but nothing like this. If
you’d put them next to those of David, even Michelangelo himself would
be envious. His hair was cut in that modern mullet type of way and his
discreet jewelry glinted with every movement; a gold ring in either ear,
a thin chain around his neck. He caught me staring multiple times, no
doubt noticing me not being able to keep my eyes to myself and he
responded by throwing me coy glances over his shoulder every time the
line inched forward.

I haven’t gone a single day without seeing him since then. I learned so
much on that first night, eager to explore him and gather all the
information I could fit into the hours until the sun came up. He loved
music, favoring Coldplay, and he had a pet bird named Frodo and a sister
named Emma. He’d accumulated over 200 hours on Call of Duty Black Ops 6,
such a nerd, and he played the bass which I guess canceled out the
nerdiness. In the morning he left for work and even though I was
watching him leave, it felt like coming home.

We fell hard for each other, but it wasn’t all rainbows and butterflies
even in the beginning. You see, I quickly found out that he still lived
with his ex, the chick from the bar. I obviously didn’t love having her
around, especially since it was obvious to everyone but Max that she
still had feelings for him, but he was too kind to throw her out on her
ass and assured me that she’d be gone the second she’d found somewhere
else to stay. I absolutely adored him for it, that big heart of his.

About two weeks after we started dating he got a text from the ex saying
that she’d met someone else and that she wasn’t coming back, not even to
get her stuff. She was in love and that was that. He was obviously
confused by this and I was offended on his behalf that she expected him
to clean up her mess, but Max, the sweetheart that he was, carefully put
the boxes with her stuff in the driveway and the next day they were
gone.

Two life altering events occurring at the same time, me coming and her
going, seemed to throw Max off balance. I read somewhere that it’s
normal for the dump-er to start missing the dump-ee after a break up so
I hunkered down and waited for the feeling to pass. It took some time
before he found his footing again; he took a few days off work which he
spent mostly asleep or crying and in the meantime I did what I could to
take care of him while being careful not to overstep, such as sending
him a few encouraging texts and having his usual groceries delivered to
his house. He didn’t reply, never said thank you - but he didn’t have
to. I knew it meant a lot to him.

It wasn’t long before clarity hit him and he realized what he’d known
all along, that his previous relationship had lacked the spark. The one
that we had, the one that was crackling through my nervous system every
time I came near him. It takes finding it to realize that it had been
missing before.

I saw his family for the first time during a casual dinner at his moms
place. He’d told them about us over the phone, about how I’d cared for
him when he’d needed it the most, and they’d been curious about me ever
since. His dad had tragically passed from a heart attack a few years
earlier and so his mom, Emma and her five year old son were the only
family he had left. They’d all been in decent spirits when we got there
but as he told them the full story of our relationship their faces grew
sour. 

I was devastated. I knew that Max bringing a man home after previously
only dating women might come as a shock to them, but I did not expect
them to bombard him with all of their negative opinions and concerns as
if I wasn’t even there. I said nothing. All I did was stare at the way
those big, strong hands fiddled with the tablecloth while his family
continued their nagging. I cried silently next to him in bed the entire
night. As I watched him leave for work the next morning I vowed to
myself to not let anyone’s negative opinion of us ruin this.

Like I mentioned, him being with a guy for the first time took some time
getting used to in more ways than one. The intimacy was at first a bit
tentative, mixed with some blushing and your run of the mill
awkwardness, but still laced with want and curiosity. I won’t go into
too much detail, gentlemen never kiss and tell, but until he became
comfortable with us touching one another we did it to ourselves, but
together. My eyes roamed over his strong frame and the way those hands
gripped and stroked, all while trying to catch his eye but failing. I
won’t lie, it hurt a bit that he wouldn’t meet my gaze at such an
intimate moment, but at the same time it was adorable to see how nervous
he was and how hard he was trying to get used to us, to me.

Things moved fast. Within six months we were living together and I’d
spend every minute just admiring him; the way he couldn’t decide between
focusing on his cooking or reenacting the drum break of “In The Air
Tonight” with the utensils, or the way he audibly and violently gagged
while deepcleaning the bottom tray of Frodo’s cage. He was so casually
perfect and I adored every little quirk of his. My only complaint was
that with his work and hobbies we only got to spend the nights together,
me curling up next to him after he’d fallen asleep on the couch, careful
not to wake him from his slumber. I could watch him for hours, the way
he whined and scrunched his nose while he slept. I’d carefully play with
his slender fingers and just smile.

As you might have guessed, our perfect bliss didn’t last for too long.
Apparently even a soul tie such as ours risks burning out if things
start out too hot from the beginning.

I first noticed it in the little things. Normally I’m a neat freak but
when I’d accidentally left a sock on the floor I caught him doing a
double take as he passed and then picked it up himself. He didn’t say
anything about it but I could tell by the way he was looking at it that
it really bothered him. Similar things kept occurring, I lived there too
after all, and each time he seemed peeved at the reminder of my
existence. 

He simply stopped appreciating the things that made me… me. For days I’d
been trying to teach Frodo to say my name and when he finally did it,
I’d been so excited for Max to hear it.  I was practically vibrating
with anticipation but when he finally heard my name echo through the
house he didn’t seem to find it endearing at all. At one point I even
caught him roughly slamming his palms against the sides of the cage and
yelling at poor Frodo to stop saying it.

I know it’s not a cool thing to do, but I went through his phone and
found that he’s been texting his ex and dwelling on what really happened
between them, telling her that he was confused and that he missed her. A
few days ago I overheard him on the phone with his mom telling her that
she was right about me and that he would come stay with her until he
could have his locks changed. 

My poor baby is so confused. I’ve done everything I can think of to make
him happy again but he won’t fucking have any of it. All I do is give
and all he does is take. 

He wrote to his ex that he missed her eyes, but when I gave them to him,
all he did was scream. I even brought Frodo here to keep him company but
that bird truly is a master of imitation and now they’re both screaming.

I’ve tried everything I can think of to remind him of what we are to
each other but this motherfucker is dumb as a truck and just won’t let
up. He’s lucky I love him, otherwise this hard to get act he’s reverted
to would have gotten tiresome real quick. It’s not as charming when the
relationship has been established as it was in the beginning.

He’s gotten so cruel. Last night he grabbed the bars and leaned out as
far as he could, hissing at me that he’d rather have his hands cut off
than ever touch me.

I reluctantly obliged. I was so sad to see them go. 

He really did have the most beautiful hands.
