This all started around three years ago, a week after my birthday. I was
returning home after a late night of drinking with friends. When my
driver dropped me off, I saw that the lights were on inside my house. I
am not the forgetful type, so it didn’t seem like I was the one who left
them on, so I was kind of freaked out.

What freaked me out even more was that I could see shadows moving
inside.

I hate to admit this, but I called my buddy Tom to tell him I was too
scared to go into my house. I thought someone had broken in.

Tom laughed, “Just go in there and fight him, bro.”

He did not sound concerned, so I sent him a picture of my house, all lit
up.

He told me that if no windows were broken and the front door was locked,
then there was no way someone was in my house. I tried to open the front
door… it was locked. Maybe I was freaking myself out for no reason.

He told me that if I was really that scared, I should call 911. I was
hesitant to make that choice. I knew that in my town, they might take
hours to get here. And I really had to pee from all the alcohol I drank.

For a minute or two, I just stood there, listening for anyone moving
around inside. I kept glancing at the sliver of light between drawn
curtains, looking for moving shadows. There were none.

I unlocked my door and went inside cautiously, as if bracing for impact.

It was quiet. In the living room, the lamp was on, and in front of it
was a balloon a friend got me for my birthday. It swayed gently in front
of the light. That explained the shadows I’d seen. I ignored every other
thought and ran to the bathroom.

Finally, relief. As I sat on the toilet contemplating my freak-out,
something still wasn’t sitting right with me. My brain was fuzzy; I had
been drinking after all, but something was off.

The balloon.

It wasn’t in the living room when I left. It was in the kitchen.

I left the bathroom… the balloon wasn’t in front of the lamp anymore. I
went through the house and turned on all the lights. There was a knot in
my stomach and my senses on high alert, but I detected nothing.

And I found the balloon right where I remembered it being, in the
kitchen. This meant one of two things: either I was tripping balls, or
there was someone in my house right now moving stuff around.

I went outside and called the police.

The police department in my town is sketchy. Whenever a major screw-up
happens, they always transfer people around to different departments.
Some research I did showed that when they ran out of departments to send
someone to, the officer would end up doing the same job but in a
different city.

Despite their station being a five minute drive from my neighborhood,
they arrived a FORTY minutes after I called. They searched my whole
house, found nothing, then threatened to throw me in the drunk tank if I
called them again.

I know I should’ve been recording them, but as I said, I was pretty
drunk and not thinking clearly. I was terrified to sleep in my house
that night, thinking the police had missed something obvious, but I was
also exhausted and eventually fell asleep.

Nothing much happened for several months.

My birthday balloon was orb-shaped and made of mylar. Unlike latex
balloons, which end up on the floor in a few days, these balloons are
durable and can float longer.

It had been months and my balloon wasn’t even wrinkling. I sort of grew
attached to this balloon. While I’m lucky to be able to rent my own
home, I don’t have roommates and get kind of lonely.

Sometimes the balloon won’t be in its usual place. I’ll find it floating
in a different room, despite the fact that it’s weighed down with a
plastic clip. I was a bit confused about how it was moving, but I do
open windows sometimes to let fresh air in. It could’ve been carried by
a draft of wind.

Some nights I woke up to the balloon hovering over me in the dark.
Sometimes when it would go missing for a while, I’d find it hiding in
the bathroom.

At this point, the balloon didn’t bother me anymore. It was a comforting
oddity in my life. I kinda liked having it around.

When I invited friends over, they found it creepy how the balloon seemed
to follow us to whatever room we moved to.

“It’s like it’s watching us.”

I chalked it up to having to do with air pressure or temperature changes
that were somehow tied to us.

While the balloon had started doing strange things, I wasn’t bothered.

Then came the day a couple of months ago when I was looking through
freelance writing jobs online. I had headphones on with ambient music
playing but heard a clinking that didn’t seem to fit in with the rest of
the noise. The clinking stopped, then started up again, enough for it to
start bothering me. I turned down the volume and took off my headphones.

The clinking was coming from somewhere in the house.

My heart hammered in my chest when I walked toward and pinpointed the
noise coming from the kitchen. It sounded like someone was messing with
the silverware.

And there was only one way to find out if that was true.

I stepped into the kitchen. There was the balloon. Lying out beneath it
were all my knives, removed from the block.

I certainly didn’t leave them there. And nobody else was in the house,
except the balloon.

I put the knives away while giving the balloon a dirty look. I didn’t
like when it messed with things in my house.

Ever since that day, things get moved to places I don’t recall moving
them. I’ve been having memory gaps, and I try convincing myself it’s
from writing too much. Too much researching, that I’m getting burned
out. Maybe my brain won’t bother wasting power on things like memory.

Though somehow, I feel the balloon is responsible for all this.

Yesterday, I woke to the smell of burning food. In the kitchen, I found
the balloon floating next to the stove. The stove was on, and there was
a skillet full of ground beef that was getting a little too dark in the
pan. I ran over and flicked the knobs off.

I stared at the balloon. I felt this urge to yell at it and tell it how
stupid it was for… trying to cook unsupervised.

And what was I thinking? It was a balloon; it clearly hadn’t done this
itself. It was only helium, string, and foil. It wasn’t strong enough to
move a pan onto the stove.

But then, who did?

The weather’s been cold lately, so my doors and windows were all locked,
so it only could’ve been… me. But I didn’t remember trying to cook
anything. I’m usually so careful because of the brain fog.

If it wasn’t me, it was the balloon.

I grabbed it by the string and carried it into the basement. I left it
at the bottom of the stairs. I closed the door and pushed a table in
front of it. I didn’t want any drafts to blow open the door. I didn’t
want to see the balloon.

I wanted peace…

In the middle of the night, I was woken up again. I could hear wood
breaking into pieces. In the hallway, I found the table shattered like
someone had taken an axe to it. Nobody was there, but the basement door
was open.

The balloon was where I left it, under the glow of the light bulb.

I wasn’t able to fall asleep. I’ve been stewing in paranoia since the
table broke. There is no one in the house except me and the balloon. I
don’t understand what’s going on but I hate what I am becoming. I don’t
feel like myself anymore and I’m afraid I’m losing my mind.
