Hi Everyone. I’m unsure where to start this. I hope it makes sense. I
(24f) first met my best friend Solomon (21m) at my job at the public
library. I was just out of college and working days so I could spend my
nights working on short horror stories.

Solomon first caught my eye when he checked out a few old horror books
and archival penny dreadfuls. I found this fascinating, so I chatted
with him a bit. He lit up and we spoke so long the line got a littttle
crazy. It wasn’t long before this evolved into discord calls and
messages back and forth recommending different authors. I don’t have a
crazy social life, so he quickly became my best friend, though it wasn’t
always set in stone.

At first, I thought things might be a little…. more with Solomon. He was
tall, with these brilliant brown eyes and long auburn hair. But he was
also intense, like there was nothing but dread behind it all. So I held
that part back. I wouldn’t be alone with any single man on a first date,
and despite his charm and polite demeanor, Solomon still had serial
killer eyes.

After a while though, I felt like Solomon had earned a little of that
trust, so I offered to have a nice dinner and talk with him after work,
to which he agreed to meet me outside the library. Which he never did. I
called him to make sure we were still on:

“The voicemail of the person you are trying to reach has not been set up
yet.”

Wierd, but not out of character. I’ll wait a little longer.

I pop out a book and start reading. it’s that new Stephen king short
horror anthology. Pretty good, all things considered. Honestly? Some of
it’s a little long but I think that King finds his stri-

“hey. J.”

I’m jumpy already, but I almost leaped out of my skin when Solomon
approached me that night. For someone closer to the hulk than papa
Smurf, he sure knows how to sneak up on someone.

“Christ, Solomon.”

“sorry to startle you.”

I look up to see that this man does NOT look good. He’s pallid,
sleepless, and his eyes are puffy and dilated.

“Are you…. Alright?”

Solomon shuffled, and scratched the top of his head.

“Bad night. Bad hunt… i fucked up.”

Haha. Funny. At this point I’m torn between calling an ambulance or
kneeing this dude in the balls and running as fast as I can. Option one
is ethically sound.

As I opened my phone, Solomon grabbed my wrist. His hand was calm, cold,
and strong.

“No. Please, come with me”

I look up and see two bloody puncture holes in his neck. And his eyes
are like beads. The lifelessness behind them bleeding out like dying
stars.

Option two it is then.

I hit Solomon with the most nasty front kick in the nads I have within
me, which, to my surprise, worked great. Maybe it was the shock of the
strategy, but he let go and I sprinted off. I felt a little bad, but I’m
not a fucking idiot.

I get through my apartment doors and immediately call the police.

“911, what is your emergency-

picks up I begin to blubber my way through my plea for help, only for a
darker, feminine voice to cut through the call.

“I’m sorry Darling. Im afraid, you must be under a terrible amount of
stress.”

Is she… taunting me?

“Our operative in the area has been compromised … try not to struggle
too much then? I promise we’ll make the cause of death sound very…
chic.”

Just then, I felt my head lurch with nausea. As fast as I could, I shut
off my phone and rushed to my bedroom. One by one, the lights burst and
dim in my apartment, and the crash of broken glass cascaded through my
ears.

As a headache pierces my skull, I turned to the now wide open door to
see a gorgeous woman in cascading black dresses, approaching me with an
impossibly wide grin.

“Time to sleep, honey.”

I fell towards her embrace as her mouth began to distend. It seemed
still….beautiful.

That was before a 7 foot blur crashed into her, slamming her to the
ground and repeatedly crushing her skull into the floor.

I took the rest of my strength to pull myself to my room. And I passed
out against my will. I woke up the next morning to an apartment in
disarray, and the stench of blood. In my living room.

Written in a black, foul smelling substance on the floor, was a single
world.

“RUN”
