The last thing I did before Jimmy left the bar the night he died was
slip a plastic fork into his jacket pocket.

It was a prank we’d been playing for almost fifteen years at that point,
since we were in eighth grade. Not continuously, of course. There had
been stretches of years when the last person to get forked had held onto
it, pretending to have outgrown the game, letting the other grow
complacent, before quietly sticking the fork into the other’s pocket.
And yes, it was always the same fork. The two middle tines had snapped
long ago, making it look like a hand giving devil horns, and the
textured handle had a patina of grime that was never coming off.
Whenever I had it, I kept it in my wooden stash box to keep it from
getting broken again. The moment of discovery–the other’s surprise at
reaching for his wallet only for his fingers to find hard plastic–it
never got old.

Sometimes the discovery happened after the forking victim had gone home.
Years ago, the morning after I’d executed an expert forking on a very
drunk Jimmy, I’d woken up to a Facebook post on my timeline from him
that just read “Damn you!” And I had laughed so hard I choked, because I
knew what it meant, and no one else did, which in my juvenile mind made
it so much cooler and funnier.

We weren’t cool, or even funny, really, to anyone else. Even though we’d
stayed in town after graduation, both our invitations to the ten-year
reunion had seemingly gotten lost in the mail. We drove by the high
school anyway and watched the people who’d never talked to us shout and
embrace each other in the parking lot before they went inside, and we
made up mocking dialogue for them. “Steve! I haven’t seen you since you
couldn’t get it up on prom night!” “Angie! Still farting every time you
cum?” We laughed. Then we went to the bar for drinks.

Sometimes the real power move was to pretend not to notice, and give the
fork back before the other person knew you knew. That’s what I told
myself had happened the night he died. Even though I was sure I had
slipped it in his coat pocket just before he’d walked out, even though I
played it over and over in my mind and couldn’t think of a moment when
he’d have had an opportunity to put it back in mine, I was pretty drunk,
and we were both pros at this game by then. I told myself that was what
had happened the next day when I found the fork in my jacket pocket. By
then I had already heard the news, and discovering the fork broke me.

There weren’t many people at his funeral. His mom had passed years
before, and he had never had many friends, but still, I thought enough
extended family and acquaintances would show up to at least fill the
tiny room where it was held. His dad thanked me for coming and then
stepped outside, and I was alone with the husk of my best friend. I was
relieved not to have anyone in earshot, because I couldn’t think of
anything appropriate to say. And also, it was probably better that no
one saw me slip the fork into the inner pocket of his suit jacket. No
one else would understand, but Jimmy would’ve thought it was hilarious.

I went back to the bar alone that night. It was crowded; a shitty band
was playing but no one was listening, or dancing, just drinking like
their lives depended on it. I had gotten there early enough to snag a
barstool, and waves of people pushed against me and wriggled past,
ordering rounds of beer and shots for their friends. When I’d had enough
and decided to close my tab, my hand froze on my back pocket. On the
plastic tines sticking out of my back pocket.

I haven’t had a drink since that night. I’m not going to lie; it has
completely sucked. I guess the fact that it’s been so hard is proof that
it was time. I go to meetings now. I have a therapist who sees me for
cheap on Zoom. I’ve told him about Jimmy, but not about the fork. He
asks me gentle follow-up questions, like he senses I’m holding something
back. But every time I try to talk about it I choke on the words. I
thought maybe if I wrote it here anonymously it would be easier to get
it out.

Because I think the thing I’m most worried about is the follow-up
questions. Like whether I still have the fork, or what did I do with it,
or what I’m going to do if I don’t find it again in my pocket soon.
