Who else here drinks an obscene amount of Diet Coke while on the job?
It’s hard not to, especially when they are complimentary and everyone
you sit next to is equally addicted. I almost envy you who don’t drink
soda. Almost. I know they’re unhealthy, but when your job’s as
interesting as watching grass grow, any small pleasure feels like a
lifeline.

This past month, I’ve probably had 2 or three cans per day. I know, not
ideal. But I’m not here to share my unhealthy habits. My boss has been
way worse and I’m starting to get concerned.

It all started this past January. I was promoted to a mid-level
managerial role after my former manager, Paul, left the company. Paul
had been pretty disheveled, and smelled like a garden for the weeks
leading up to it, so I figured he was quiet-quitting and ready to leave.

We run a pretty tight ship at the office. Those who perform poorly are
often let go after 4 months. Since I’ve been around for over 2 years, I
like to think that I’ve become indispensable. Paul was one of the rare
cases where he found a new position out West.

While the company we work at is only mid-sized, the hierarchy is pretty
strict. Aside from the random one-off emails from our CEO about what
time is — event or can you reshare — report by —, I never really
interacted with him. My manager rarely spoke about the boss’ actual
role. If it weren’t for seeing his email in the CC or BCC lines
constantly, I don’t think I would have even realized that he’d been
working with us for so long.

Paul mentioned that the CEO is an extremely busy person and manages
nearly all of the operations and coordination both externally and
internally within the company. It doesn’t sound sustainable, but the
company has been running smoothly for over thirty years, so clearly he
must be doing something right.

Paul had left in a hurry and was unable to train me properly, but I was
able to pick up his tasks pretty easily. The only real difference
between our roles was that Paul had seniority. The only real advice he
gave me was to always say yes to a task, even if you don’t think you can
accomplish it, and to always fulfill the CEO’s requests. Pretty standard
stuff for an office job.

“Good luck, kid,” was all he muttered before leaving the office for the
last time. “You’re gonna need it.”

This all ties back the soda because for the past eight months I’ve been
constantly getting more and more soda for the CEO. We are talking
OBSCENE amounts.

I met with the CEO first in January. He asked that I come up to his
office to meet him face to face for the first time. And to bring a
Coca-Cola on the way up.

I obliged of course, grabbing one for myself on the way up. We shook
hands and discussed the details and expectations of my new position.
Nothing out of the ordinary, besides some extra accounts to manage. I
negotiated a pay raise, and received an extra $5,000 per year with 4%
commission. We shook hands, and I was on my way to continue work.

“On your way out,” he stopped me, “Would you mind grabbing another coke
for me? Thank you!”

He hadn’t even finished the can I gave him at the start of our meeting.
I didn’t think much of it at the time, so I ran back downstairs to grab
another soda, rushing back only to see him slam the soda down like a
frat boy at a house party.

My boss threw the can down, roaring with a powerful belch. It was
disgusting, my face twisting more with unease every second he bellowed.

“Thanks, kid. I’ll let you know if there is anything else.” Every couple
of hours, my boss would Slack message me to grab him another soda.
Slamming it down like he did before.

This cycle repeated constantly for months. The job itself was never too
difficult, but overtime the constant cycle of interrupting my day-to-day
tasks just to get him more soda irritated me. Always fulfill the CEO’s
requests, I remembered. You’d think it would be creepier saying it out
loud, but when you get paid as much as I do, it never seems annoying
enough to say no.

My boss drinks almost everything under the sun; Coca-Cola, Diet Coke,
Mountain Dew, Diet Mountain Dew, Fanta, Fanta Zero Sugar, Mellow Yellow,
7-Up — anything you can think of, he eventually requested I go out to
the store to buy a case and subsequently ‘grab’ him several cans
throughout the working day. Mr. Pibb, oddly enough, is the one
exception. He can’t stand the stuff.

What’s strange is that my boss never checked in on my actual work. Over
time, it felt like my only job was to serve him his soda. Some days, I’d
just wait in my chair, doomscrolling until I get the ping notifying
which type of drink he wanted me to ‘grab’.

Grab, grab, grab.

That stupid word rattles around in my brain now. It’s gotten so bad that
even in my dreams I think about ‘grabbing’ him a new can of some foul
concoction. I’ve gotten used to stress dreams related to work, but this
feels different.

--

Things changed however this past Summer. The office was a lot busier and
my boss was working into overdrive, more than he usually does. He even
began asking for additional work-related favors instead of his constant
need for caffeine and sugar.

“There’s just too much to do, kid,” he said, his sunken eyes leering in
my direction from exhaustion. “The usual stuff just isn’t gonna cut it.
Do you think you can find anything stronger? Something that’ll give me
that pep in my step.”

I introduced him to energy drinks, first Celsius, then Monster. I was
surprised he had never tried them before, given his oral fixation on
these kinds of drinks. The plethora of new flavors seemed to excite him.
The white monster was his favorite, it seemed.

For the few weeks following his profound discovery over energy drinks, I
hadn’t seen my boss so much as move from his chair, let alone rest.

The requests not only became more frequent, but larger in size. I’d grab
him three, sometimes five cans of energy drinks at a time. How was this
healthy? There was no way his kidneys would recover from all of this.

“Grab me more, more!” he’d burst from his gullet, his voice slurring
more from the constant film of residue gathered up from at this point
gallons of caffeinated drinks.”Dammit kid, I need this stuff to keep me
going. I don’t ask much of you and this kind of laziness is exactly
wrong with your generation. Your performance review is coming up and I
need you to step it up.”

I bit my lip at that statement. I generally can’t stand criticism, let
alone from Boomers and Gen Xers who ruined the economy. But I needed
this job, and I wasn’t about to lose it by not getting drinks.

After a time, the performance review arrived. Thankfully, my boss was
pleased overall. Good reporting, solid revenue standards, and a healthy
“can-do” attitude, as the report shared.

“I’ll be honest, you’re a good kid.” Said the boss, heaving with every
word. I noticed that he was larger than ever. Not fat exactly, but more
bloated, like a tire that was pumping freshly with air.

“Your recommendations have helped myself and the company be more
productive than ever! But if we’re gonna exceed expectations before
year’s end, I’m gonna need you to grab me a few more things.”

I sat patiently, squirming with every hot breath hitting my face, the
smell of citrus, raspberry, and something garlicky permeating across his
desk. “Sure boss, happy to help. What do you need?”

The boss slid a piece of paper across the desk. It listed the new terms
of my employment. A promotion to “Lead Resource Manager”, along with an
impressive $45,000 raise, along with a $20,000 bonus. Holy shit, I
thought. I felt I did a good job overall, but even I was shocked by how
much they were offering me.

“We reward good work,” Said the boss, “But I reward loyalty. And you’re
starting to get on my good side. When I see talent like yours, I try to
foster it. What helps me, helps the company, and helps you in the end.
There will be more money like that coming your way. You can forget about
the clients, I manage all of the major accounts anyways. All I really
need you to do is to grab me more energy.”

I looked confused. “Yes sir. You mean the energy drinks?”

The boss looked at me, sweat pouring from his brow like an addict
fiending for his next hit. He took a large sip from his Sparkling
Fantasy Vibe flavored Celsius, calming his nerves.

“As you may have noticed, I drink a lot of caffeine. Mother always told
me that you can achieve anything with good food and drink, so long as it
restores your energy. Well, as much as these drinks have helped, I fear
I need something healthier. Something more, farm to table, so to speak.”

“You…want me to give you more drinks? Sir, I have a business degree, I’d
rather build my skills out and…”

The boss raised his red, venous hand in my face. “Say no more. If the
role doesn’t suit your interests, there’s the door. But do you really
want to burn bridges so early in your career? Doesn’t seem very wise to
me. Say goodbye to your benefits.”

I really did need those benefits. My insulin stabilizers were getting
more expensive each month, and I didn’t have enough stored. Besides, who
knows how long it’ll take to find a job in this market.

“Fine. What do you need me to do?”

“Thank you for understanding. Remember, your work is invaluable to the
company’s survival. I’ll send you coordinates with my distributor’s
location. Simply take the supply and return here promptly. I’d
appreciate discretion on this, you are my most trusted familiar of
course.”

It felt demeaning, but at least the pay was good.

--

I waited all day but never received instructions. It wasn’t until I
returned home that I received a text from my boss with a location
pinged.

I plugged the address into my phone, got in the car, and drove like
hell. This was some serious sketchy shit, but if a company like ours has
been doing it for some time, how bad could it really be? Besides, my
boss needs me, they’d crash if it weren’t for my help. My boss needs me.

I arrived at an old storage facility, the kind you might see in storage
wars. I messaged my boss I was there but did not see anybody.

402. He’ll be in there.

I stepped out of my car onto the concrete, pacing quickly down the
corridors. W-Lock Storage, was the name of the property. The blue doors
loomed over me like rusted pillars. They were almost oppressive. A smell
of mold and ammonia permeated from the walls, quaffing my face with each
step I took closer to unit 402.

206.208.210.

The sounds hit me next. Scratching and fast tapping trickled around me
as the rats ran faster. Christ, why did it have to be so far back? I
can’t stand rodents. The sound of my boots clicking the floor seemed to
scare them off, but alerted them to my presence.

The sound of my footsteps seemed to alert something else on a unit next
to me. A guttural moan, reverberating inside of the unit. Were people
living here?

402. Finally, I thought to myself, relieved I survived the trek.

I knocked on the door and met with the thunderous rattling of the
storage door rolling up.

The short man in front of me looked homeless, but I could tell from the
fresh scrubs he wore that he must have been some kind of medical
professional. “You the kid?” he said, with an offputtingly polite
customer service voice. “I…yes, I’m here for the package? My boss sent
it to me.”

“Ah, makes sense, this stuff isn’t really popular with women. Haven’t
found the right mixture yet.”

The man handed me an opened box, filled to the brim with freshly sealed
packets of liquid. The liquid itself was transparent. I was almost
relieved that it wasn’t cocaine or any other sort of old-school 80s
narcotic.

“What is this exactly?” I muttered, curious. “IV fluid is hard to come
by, isn’t it?”

“Hey!” the short man shouted, pointing his finger inches away from my
nose. “No questions. That was the arrangement. I don’t need people
poking their schnoz into my business. You got your goods, now leave.
Tell your boss I’ll take my payment the usual way.”

“Oh, okay. Thank you, I guess.”

I turned quickly back to my car. I was curious still, but not at the
expense of losing my job.

I turned to face the short man one last time as he rolled up the unit
door. And for the briefest second, I could see the twitching bodies.
Tubes tied directly into their spinal column. One looked very, very
young.

--

I never fully recovered from that night. My boss has been demanding more
and more of his ‘tonic’ as he likes to call it, but I am at my wits end.
He’s become more bloated than ever, but says it gives him the ‘energy he
needs’. What have I been feeding him?

My boss needs me to grab another shipment tonight. This time from a new
storage unit. He says its something new to boost up his game. I’d like
to leave, but I feel like I’m dealing with something far beyond my pay
grade. So if you’re actively hiring for a skilled worker with a can-do
attitude and professional experience with Microsoft products and fluid
trafficking, I’d be happy to discuss my qualifications.
