Hey everyone!

I really appreciate the thoughtful concerns from you all. Things have
gotten crazier at the office. I figure that if this gets back to my boss
that I’ll get fired either way, so it’s better to get it all out in the
open before I get caught or something worse.

If you aren’t up to date, please check out my first entryhere.

As the title of this entry suggests. Things have gotten worse since last
night. My boss’ ‘tonic’ sustains him with unimaginable energy. At least,
that’s what he tells me. I can’t imagine drinking human–whatever it was
and actually sustaining you. Then again, I’ve eaten steak tartar before.
Who knows, maybe its even good. I’m no cannibal, I have no interest in
being a cannibal. But I’m sure that, like all of you, you’ve had the
thought cross your mind.

You may be curious how exactly I’ve been handling the tonic. You’ll be
disappointed. For the past 24 hours I’ve been keeping the strange
liquids in an empty file cabinet under my desk. I know its a stupid
hiding spot, but it’s not like I can just put bodily fluids right next
to Keith’s tuna melt sandwich. At least everyone will blame Keith for
the smell and not when the fluids begin to curdle. I didn’t even know it
could do that. Maybe it’s just mold, IDEFK.

As part of our current arrangement, all correspondence from within the
company must go through me first. Each time I grab him a soda or his
special tonic, I have the opportunity to relay serious concerns that the
fellow staff have. Something I can put on my resume is office management
too, I guess. He claims this system simplifies communication to avoid
flooding his inbox with irritating one-off emails that can be solved
with a little extra brainpower from the interns.

While the boss is busy with his special accounts, I’ve often wondered
how much work he really puts into them. Managing accounts can be hard
work, but surely it doesn’t take this much time, can it? Maybe that’s
the curse of being a workaholic; you feel like you should always do
more, even if you’ve given it your all.

I appreciate those of you who’ve commented about staying for the money.
I’m still getting paid a good amount, and so long as no one snoops
around too closely, I doubt I’d be going to jail.

“Worst case scenario, we pin everything on Archie.” I guess that was the
name of the storage unit dealer.

--

Anyways, I went back to W-Lock Storage last night for the second time. I
made sure to wear softer shoes this time to not attract attention to my
footsteps. I walked briskly past the rusted, iron padlocks. Each door to
the storage unit seemed to mutter or whisper as I walked by. I silently
made my way to my next destination.

Unit 382. You know what to do.

That was the last message my boss shared with me last night. As I made
my way past each corridor, I managed to listen more to the cluttering
and skittering of whatever else resided or even worked there, like
Archie. Half of me hoped Archie was the only resident in the warehouse.

But the other half of me knew that wasn’t the case. I was startled once
again by the same moaning storage unit (which I noted as unit 365–same
amount of days in a year). I almost wanted to listen closer, but I
figured it was best to get out quickly.

Once I reached unit 382, I noticed the door was neater than the others.
The vicious sting of pinesol and windex burned my nostrils and numbed my
eyes as the storage unit door rolled open. I hadn’t even knocked, but
Archie knew I had arrived.

Archie wore a janitor uniform, like the kind you’d see in an old 80s
movie. A navy blue onesie with the name Archibald sewn in with red
stitching. His face was hidden by a thick dust mask and foggy workers’
glasses.

“I heard you coming, kid.” He pitched, slurring his words. “Here’s the
goods.”

He placed a small vile in my hand. Like the IV bags beforehand, the
liquid was clear, but stored in a detailed cologne bottle.

I looked up at Archie. I could tell from the stretch marks of his
cheekbones that he was grinning behind his mask.

“One spritz of this stuff will keep the big man going for days. It’s the
good shit.”

I looked back down at the bottle. “Is this all of it? I was expecting a
larger package…”

Archie frowned, “That’s two strikes now, kid! If your boss don’t like
it, he can take his business somewhere else. Trust me, he won’t be happy
if his little insta-cart-fucking-dipshit employee ruins our little
arrangement.”

“I-I’m sorry, you’re right. Thank you, Archie.”

“My friends call me Archie. You call me Archibald.”

“Right, sorry Archibald. I’ll get going now.”

Archie huffed, then dragged his feet around back towards the unit. He
rolled up the doors again. Curiosity getting the better of me again, I
peeked inside.

Instead of some harvesting nightmare, I peered into what looked like an
ancient bathhouse. At least, if it were five feet by five feet. The
whole room was tiled with dark patterns of brown, maroon, black. On the
back wall I swear I got the faintest glimpse of a mosaic. It was clearly
a face of some kind, its eyes were wild like a tiger’s, but mouth as
wide as an alligator. There was more to it, but I was too distracted by
the rows of hanging castrated testicles pinned by nails.

Along the clean floors, I could make out the outline of a man. A naked
man. A fat naked man, lying flat across the far corner. His chest was
hairy, or maybe it was a large tattoo? Bald, for some reason. Actually,
he was hairless, I’m certain of it. But something was definitely on his
chest. His teeth grinned in my face, as though he was excited for Archie
to get back to work.

--

This morning, I gave my boss the bottle.

“Thanks kid. This stuff’s harder to come by. It’ll really help me out
with this next big project I have. I have a lot of work to do until
then. I’ll tell you more about it next week when our client stops by.”

Big client? I never get to interact with a client.

After grabbing a bottle of Code Red Mountain Dew from the minifridge,
the boss emptied the bottle into a steel drink shaker, added three ice
cubes, and poured a single drop of the mystery. The scent was uncanny,
like the odor of bedsheets after waking up in a cold sweat.

The boss winced at the smell too, “Don’t mind the smell. We can blame it
on Keith’s tuna melt. Can you believe that guy? What an asshole.”

The boss chugged it down in one, long gulp.

“ohhhhh - YEAH.” The boss slammed the shaker on his desk. “YEAH BABY.”

It was like watching someone take meth for the first time. At least,
what I’d imagine meth would feel like. At this point it probably would
be less weird if he just did amphetamines or cocaine, like a normal CEO.

--

I’ll try to update you alll if anything big happens. I’ve had to resort
to purchasing extra cases of soda with my own money just to maintain his
gluttony. I hope that gets compensated (though I doubt it will). So if
you have any leads on new job opportunities out there, I’d love to hear
it.
