It was the perfect place for tourists to explore, a spot that only
locals knew about. We’d heard about it from an old drunk we’d run into a
few streets over from our hotel. We were surprised at how open he was
about the area’s history.

“There’s legends in this town,” the old man said, tapping a finger
against his nose. “If you know where to look, you can find all sorts of
things.”

“Is that so?” my boyfriend, Jeremy, asked, smirking.

Typically, in situations like this, he and I would nod politely, then
figure out some way to abandon our unwanted guest. But in this case, we
were both intrigued. After hours of listening to the same boring
podcasts in our car, we were eager to hear something different. 

“Why don’t you join us for a drink?” Jeremy suggested. “You can tell us
all about your stories.”

The old man’s face lit up.

“What’s your name?”  

“Marvin,” he said and extended his hand.

“I’m Jeremy,” my boyfriend said and shook it. Then he pointed to me.
“That’s my girlfriend, Amy.”

“Pleased to meet you.” Marvin smiled and showed his nicotine-stained
teeth. 

As we entered the bar, Marvin wore the look of a child who had just been
invited to tour a candy store. Jeremy got us a table in the back, opened
a tab, and ordered us a few bowls of clam chowder. We were several
drinks in and elbow-deep in our soup before our guest started chatting.

“The place you want,” Marvin slurred, “is an old sea cave. It’s cursed,
but it’s filled with treasure.”

“A cave?” I asked, trying hard to hide my disgust. There weren’t many
things in this world that I hated more than dark caves.

“Pirates used to frequent these waters.” Marvin scratched a thumbnail
against the wooden table. “One of these caves was used to store their
treasure, but when the British came looking, the pirates left and their
hoard disappeared. Historians say it’s still down there.”

Wowza. I stretched and turned to Jeremy. This man’s crazier than we are.

Jeremy had always been a sucker for stories about ghosts and buried
treasure. As a boy, he’d dreamed about diving in an old shipwreck and
finding chests full of Spanish doubloons. Perhaps it was a Gen-X thing,
growing up on films like The Goonies. Whatever the reason, I could tell
that he was hooked.

“If you don’t mind…” Jeremy took out his phone and set it on the table,
“… I’d love for you to show me where this cave is.”

“Babe…” I nudged his leg, signaling that I was finished with the
conversation.

“Oh, come on.” He nudged me back. “It’ll be fun.”

“You folks think I’m pulling your leg?” Marvin grunted, appearing
offended. “I’ll prove to you that it’s real. Give me a pen and paper and
I’ll draw you a map.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A few hours later, we were leaving the bar, stumbling along and waving
goodbye to our new companion. 

“Take care of that napkin,” Marvin said, signaling to the crude drawing
he had placed in Jeremy’s palm. “It’ll lead you straight to the cavern.”

“I’ll treat it with respect,” my boyfriend said, laughing.

“Oh, I almost forgot,” Marvin said, almost tripping over the sidewalk.
“If you find the cave, don’t take any treasure from it. It’s an old
pirate’s curse. Promise me you won’t take anything.”

“I promise,” Jeremy said, doing his best to act sober. But he looked
more like an exhausted parent trying to coax their child to join them
for a bedtime routine.

“If you take anything from the cave, the curse will get you!” 

“Don’t worry,” he responded. “We’ll leave it!”

“If we even go there!” I added.

Jeremy made his final wave, then slung an arm over my shoulder. We made
our way to the hotel.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

We were out of our room by 10 am the next morning. The location to
Marvin’s beach was highlighted on our phones. Jeremy was desperate to
find it. He argued that we couldn’t continue our trip until we’d at
least given it a shot. 

I decided to go along after he said we could stop and swim at the
mysterious beach for a while. The thought of venturing into that sea
cave sounded like a one-way ticket to misery. But because I loved Jeremy
and wanted to prove that I wasn’t a total wuss, I decided to give his
adventure a try.

As we merged onto the main highway, I kept thinking of Marvin’s words,
Don’t take anything out of the cave. It made me uncomfortable. Why was
he so worried about it? Was his curse even real? Of course not.

“Keep an eye on those directions for me,” Jeremy said, motioning to the
phone in my lap.

“Oh, sorry…” I looked back at my phone. I had a habit of drifting into
random thoughts while driving. “In a few miles, take Exit 43.”

“Exit 43.” Jeremy sped forward and passed a semi and merged into the
right lane.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

We eventually found the spot that Marvin had pointed out. It was marked
off by a worn, rotted sign. You couldn’t even read the text carved into
it because the wood was so old. 

A burly seagull rested on top of it and barked at us as we passed. I
thought about the old sailor tales that warned against harming seagulls.

I’ll be sure to leave this one alone, I decided.

“We’re getting close,” Jeremy said, leaving the signpost behind. “Just a
little further.”

We turned onto an ancient, overgrown path covered in ferns and stinging
nettle. It was nearly unnavigable by car. 

“Are you sure this is it?” I studied the verdant area. “This hasn’t been
maintained in years.” 

“Maybe that’s why no one can find it,” he suggested and steered the car
along.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The beach at the bottom of the cliff was marvelous. There were no
footprints or signs of human activity. The sand was a bright yellow.
Jagged rocks lined the water, feeling like some protective barrier
keeping out unwanted visitors. 

How’d the pirates even get their treasure here? I wondered, examining
the rocky shore.

It’s true, the hike down to the beach was dangerous. We’d slipped
multiple times and even had to cross a severe drop where the path had
been washed out. But the beach was even more hostile. To get to the
sand, you needed to navigate a treacherous maze of rocky spires. There
was hardly any space between each rock that rose out of the water.

I imagined longboats making their way through the terrain, crashing
against the current and splitting skulls as buccaneers made their way to
the sand, fleeing British warships.

I stared at the water, then heard a piercing whistle behind me. It was
Jeremy. He was already at the end of the beach, waving his arms.

He’d found the cave.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

“It’s low tide,” Jeremy said, raising his flashlight to the cavern’s
entrance. “That means we’ve got about two hours.”

I stared into the dark void. I couldn’t see very far inside, which told
me that the cavern went deep. I recalled Marvin’s words, how this was a
local legend, and how sometimes, local legends held dark secrets.

“How about you just go in and I wait out here?” I asked, feeling a
premonition wash over me.

“Are you joking?” Jeremy gawked at me like I was insane. “It’s just for
a few minutes. We’ll go in for a bit, turn around, and head back up the
trail.”

“I don’t know. I just…” I glanced back at the beach. The sand seemed so
warm and inviting. “We could relax out here and… besides… you know I
hate dark spaces.”

“I’ll be right in front of you,” Jeremy took my hand and disarmed me
with his innocent smile. “Trust me.”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

“Damn. This cave is huge,” Jeremy gasped, our ankles submerged in sea
water.  

I had to agree. Unlike most sea caves, which were small, this one was
wide enough to hold a standard-sized speedboat. It made the journey
through this subterrannean realm at least bearable. I had a good two
feet above me to the ceiling and about five feet on either side of me. I
felt like I had some adequate room.

Along our trek, I counted dozens of deceased crabs and starfish, old
pieces of driftwood, and bone-white mussels decorating the walls like
lichen on a tree. There was the carcass of a jellyfish draped over a
sharp rock, looking like a body impaled on a spire. It was strange how
everything inside this cave seemed to be dead.

“Marvin really outdid himself,” Jeremy chuckled and shined his light on
the cavern’s ceiling. He paused for a moment and studied a series of
water drops. Then, he stepped forward around some rocks and tripped.
“Damn!”

I heard a splash. 

“Jeremy?!” I glanced ahead. He had fallen out of sight behind the
boulders. I could hear him groaning. He sounded in pain.

“I’m coming!” I waded forward, splashing water as I circled around and
found him leaning against the cavern wall, cradling his left leg.

“You okay?”  

“Gosh. This sucks,” he groaned and gritted his teeth. “How bad is it?”

I examined his knee. It wasn’t broken. But there was a deep cut and a
serious amount of blood. 

“I must’ve scraped it on one of those rocks.” He pointed.  

“Come on. Let’s get you up.” I tied an extra shirt from my backpack
around his leg and slung his arm over my shoulder. We stepped back in
the direction we had come, but I must’ve gotten lost and entered a new
portion of the cave because when I stepped down… there was no floor.

“Amy?!” 

Jeremy’s scream followed me as I tumbled downward, my body sliding down
a steep slope. Water filled my lungs as I thrashed, searching for a
hold.

Someone! Help! The last image I saw was Jeremy reaching for me as I
fell. My phone fell from my hands and the next thing I knew…

Splash… 

I was underwater.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was dark. And cold. I was completely submerged. Lost. And terrified.

I reached upward, panicking, water pouring into my lungs. I tried to
discern where the surface was.

Where am I? How much air do I have left? Is there even a surface above
me or am I stuck inside a submerged cave?

I swam toward where I thought was salvation. A faint stream of light met
my eyelids and with a loud gasp, I broke free of the water. 

Jesus Christ. I breathed heavily, trying to recover my oxygen.

I scanned my surroundings. I was in a small chamber, somewhere below the
main tunnel we had just been exploring.

I spat salt water and paddled toward a rock and hoisted my upper body
out of the water. The dull, sunlit glow was still ahead of me, but other
than that, the space was nearly dark. 

I glanced over my shoulder and found the tunnel’s entrance where I had
fallen from. A sizable stream gushed from it like a waterfall, making it
resemble a waterslide. I took note of it and made sure that I could
climb back out, if needed. 

I swiveled my gaze, shivering. Suddenly I remembered, Jeremy… I hadn’t
seen him since the fall. Maybe he’d fallen too and hit his head on a
rock and had gone unconscious and drowned.

I swallowed my fear and hopped back into the water. I searched for the
bottom of the chamber, hoping to find his body or the sea floor, but I
couldn’t find either, even when I bobbed my head below the surface and
held my breath. 

Oh god. I swam back up and pulled myself out onto the rocks, shivering,
What if there’s something else in here with me? Like a shark? 

I yanked myself onto a rocky ledge, now fully out of the freezing water.
I was shivering, aching and afraid, lost and wondering if my boyfriend
was alive, and if I could even get out of here. 

I rubbed my palms against my frigid shoulders and tried to come up with
a plan. I returned my gaze to the light ahead of me. It could be another
entrance, a way out.

I followed the promising gleam, crawling over dead starfish, white
barnacles, and dried seaweed draped over rocks. I made my way slowly,
not wanting to slip and injure myself, making this whole ordeal even
worse. 

I gripped the sides of a moist ledge and pulled myself up. Its surface
was slippery, but I managed to jam my fingers into a crevice and hoist
myself up.

And that’s when I discovered that the dull glow was actually a stream of
sunlight. It was poking through a small hole in the ceiling. It wasn’t
big enough to crawl through, but it was large enough to create a
powerful spotlight. And that spotlight was shining on something. 

And that something was a mountain of gold.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Oh my… The astonishing sight hit me like a bowling ball to the gut. I
parted my lips and stared at the treasure. There were thousands of
coins, mixed in with sapphires, rubies, emeralds, and diamonds. It was
the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen.

“Jesus —” I said, my breath taken away. I couldn’t believe Marvin’s
stories were true. That crazy old drunk had been right. We’d found his
treasure.  

The sound of footsteps alerted me. I spun to see Jeremy limping in my
direction. I could tell it was him by the pained sounds he made while
navigating the rocks.

“Are you alright?” He embraced me once he made it across. “I thought I’d
lost you.”

I melted in his embrace, breathing rapidly, still enraptured by my
discovery.

“Did you break anything?” He checked my arms and legs, making sure I
wasn’t seriously injured.

“No, I’m fine,” I said, watching his eyes meet mine. “Jeremy…”

“Yes?”

“Look over my shoulder.” 

His eyes followed mine and he exhaled as he beheld it…

“Oh my god, Amy…” His lips broke into a wide smile. “We’re rich…”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

As soon as we stepped outside, the light blinded us. We set down our
backpacks in the sand and paused for a quick break, recovering our lungs
from the aching journey.

The coins and jewels had made the climb back out slow. They had added at
least thirty pounds of weight. 

“We’ll dump these in the car,” Jeremy started, “then come back for
more.” 

“More?” I glanced back at the waves surging into the cave. The water was
much higher now. “What about high tide?”

“We’ll be fine. We’re going to be rich, babe. Don’t you get it? We’ll
buy a house in Malibu. You won’t have to work a day in your life.”

“I know, but…” I suddenly remembered Marvin’s warning. Don’t take
anything from the cave. A knot formed in my stomach. A sense of anxiety
tightened my throat. “We shouldn’t do this.”

“What do you mean?”

“Marvin told us not to —“

“Marvin? That old drunk?”

“He was right about the cave.”

“He’s an old man full of superstitions.”

All I could hear were Marvin’s words and I wanted to leave. It wasn’t
worth it. I looked toward the water, biting the corner of my lip, and
noticed… something drifting toward us… a longboat.

“Jeremy…”

Jeremy tightened the straps of his backpack and pulled it up over his
shoulders. “What?” 

He followed my gaze and looked out over the water. There it was, coming
toward us through the maze of rocks. 

“What the hell?” 

There was a handful of men in the boat. A small crew. They were dressed
like —  

“What on earth?” Jeremy scoffed. “What the hell is this, a costume
party?” 

A disturbing scrape sounded from behind us, like metal grating against a
rock. I turned in horror and saw… a man emerging from the cave. His face
was filled with rage.

“Jeremy!” I screamed. 

He spun and gasped as the man approached.

The stranger’s chest was broad and covered in maritime tattoos. A black
beard hung down his sternum. His outfit resembled something one would
find at a Renaissance fair. In his hand was a gleaming cutlass.

“What the —” was all Jeremy could utter before the sword plunged deep
into his stomach. 

“Jeremy!”

My boyfriend grunted and fell, clutching at his wound. The man pulled
the blade free, dripping with blood, and looked directly at me. He spoke
in a harsh, foreign language.  

By now the longboat had docked and the five men had poured out onto the
sand. They were running toward me.

“Run…” Jeremy gasped, blood pooling in his fist. “Get out of here…”

I raced up the path, leaving my treasure-filled backpack in the sand. I
glanced back.

Now there was an entire crew gathered in front of the cave, a good
twenty men. Some had emerged from the cliff’s bowels after Jeremy had
been stabbed. The others had come from the boat. One man was searching
my boyfriend’s clothes and backpack. I could tell he was still alive by
the way he was thrashing about. 

Christ! I couldn’t leave Jeremy behind. But then, I looked down. One of
the men was coming after me, clenching a blade in his teeth, grabbing
hold of ferns and branches as he pulled himself up after me.

Run! I told myself. I spun and hurried up the trail. By now the rocks
and mud were even more slick than before. I slipped twice. Felt the
man’s heat behind me as I pulled myself up and scrambled along the
path. 

I made it about halfway up when I was forced to stop. One of those gaps
in the trail was facing me. There was a drop of about thirty feet in
front of me. If I fell and met the sharp rocks below, I wouldn’t die.
I’d break my legs and slowly perish from cold, starvation, or
dehydration. A fate much worse than a quick death.

The man’s rage-filled voice growled behind me. I spun on my heel and
wrung my hands as I watched him approach.

His eyes were bloodshot and full of rage. The bandana, which clung to
his scalp, was slick with seawater. His exposed chest, covered with dark
hair, was shiny with sweat. The knife was held in his right hand now and
his boots were covered in mud. I realized as he stumbled along, he’s as
tired as me. Good.

I turned and grabbed onto an exposed root jutting from the cliff. It was
a handhold, my only chance of making it across.

I took a deep breath, reminded myself, Go slow and be careful. 

I felt helpless without Jeremy there to encourage me. But the truth was,
I didn’t have a choice. I could risk death by trying to leap across, or
I could stay here and be murdered, or worse, by this madman.  

I stretched with all my might and reached for the next exposed root.
Come on! I felt the man’s breath on the back of my neck as I let go,
then screamed as I fell. 

My foot landed on its mark.

I heard the man swear as I reached for another root and pulled myself to
the other side of the trail.

He did his best to follow, but due to fear or something else, he
hesitated. It gave me all the time I needed. 

I quickly hoisted myself up and rounded a bend and glanced back down at
the beach, hoping somehow that Jeremy was still alive. 

I’ll come back for you, I told myself as I raced my way up the cliff.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

When I reached the top of the trail and found our car, I realized that
Jeremy still had the keys. 

I turned and faced the coastline. The voices of the angry men rose up
from the cliffs. They were still climbing. Searching for me. I took in
the overgrown road and sprinted down it. My best hope was to reach the
highway and flag down someone for help. 

If I could only make it out before these men found me, call an
ambulance, and get help. That was the only chance for Jeremy. 

I didn’t have my phone, so I trudged on alone. Anxious. Desperate.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

I don’t even know how long I ran until the driver of an old, beat-up
truck spotted me. It was a rusted thing, weaving its way along an empty
road. 

I waved crazily, screaming with all my might until the vehicle slowed to
a halt. When the driver’s eyes met mine, I nearly passed out with
relief. It was Marvin.

“Amy?” he asked, astonishment filling his voice. “Is that… you?”

“Yes! Oh my god! It’s… help me!” I leapt inside and glanced behind me.
“I need your phone.”

“I don’t have one,” he said, shaking his head. “But I can get you to a
gas station. You can use theirs.” 

“Yes! That’s fine. Just drive.” 

Marvin pulled away and we sped on, leaving the fern-covered roadway
behind. 

I was exhausted and delirious, covered in sweat, looking like someone
who had run a marathon through a dense forest and barely made it out
alive. I was cold and heartbroken and didn’t care. 

“Where’s your boyfriend?” Marvin asked.

“He’s…” I started to say, then swallowed my words, unable to process
them. “We were… attacked by something.”

“What was it? A mountain lion or —” 

“No.” The words froze in my mouth, trauma overtaking me. “We… found your
cave.”

The sound in Marvin’s truck went silent. “You did?”

“Yes. We went inside and found gold. Lots of it.”

“You didn’t take any, did you?!”

I couldn’t answer him. The gas station was just ahead, looming toward me
like a beacon of hope. I prayed to God that we would get there fast. The
sooner I could get inside and make a call, the sooner this nightmare
would be over. 

As I sat there, bouncing my legs and tapping my fingers, I noticed
something hard in one of my pockets. It pressed against my skin,
aggravating me.

“I told you not to take anything,” Marvin’s voice rang in my ears. He
was wringing the steering wheel, trauma filling his voice. “I can’t
believe you did it. It was stupid of me to tell you.”

I reached into my pocket and pulled out the object. It was a gold coin,
one we had taken from the cave. It was marked with a peculiar design.

“Oh Christ… What have you done?!” Marvin screeched his truck to a halt,
side-eyeing the object. “Get out! Get out now!”

I quickly shouldered open the door and dismounted. Marvin punched the
gas and sped on, his voice trailing out of the window. 

“You’re doomed, girl. Doomed!” 

I turned and sprinted toward the gas station. It was only a few yards
away. 

Find a phone, I thought. Call an ambulance. Get help. 

That’s all that mattered now. I ran with every last inch of my strength.
The gold coin still vise-gripped in my hand. 

I didn’t care about the pirate’s curse. I didn’t care about Marvin.
Hell, I didn’t care about the buried treasure or even myself.

I just needed to get back to that beach and save the man that I loved.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once I called and alerted the authorities, I endured the painful process
of waiting. 

“Don’t worry, Miss. We’ll find him,” the sheriff had told me. 

He forced me to take a ride to a hospital while they searched. I tried
fighting it, but it was no use. One of the deputies escorted me in their
car and drove me over. It was a good thirty minutes from the town we
were currently in. 

The hospital was small and short-staffed, a typical county
establishment. I kept telling them that I was fine. It was my boyfriend,
Jeremy, who needed help. 

“Don’t you understand?! He’s still out there! Waiting for me!”

“If you want,” a nurse said, “there’s a library downstairs. You can go
down after we check your vitals and relax.”

I did. I made my way down and found a cafe and a large volume of books.
There was an old computer. It had to be at least ten years old, but it
still worked.

As I logged on and thought about how to best tell my story, I kept
staring at the coin in my hand, wondering, Is this all real? When will I
hear from Jeremy? Will I ever get to see him again?
