Triggers for: Body horror, detailed gore, drug use

“I can’t keep smoking with you, man” Those were the first words that
came out my mouth after hitting my daily bowl with Kyle. We’ve been good
friends since high school, both of us were absolute pot heads through
and through… But ever since we graduated, our lives split into two
different paths.

I went to trade school, got a decent job as an electrician, and had just
proposed to my beautiful fiancé Elloise at the time. I still can’t get
over how I bagged someone so pretty… We met in trade school. Pixie cut
black haired bombshell of a woman, she was in the same field as me and
we had been a power couple since.

Kyle, on the other hand, did odd jobs. He was a ‘free spirit’ kind of
guy - long and messy blonde dreads, living in a small apartment with his
hippie girlfriend Heather. And even so, we both stuck together like two
peas in a pod. After work, almost every day, I’d stop at his place. 

We’d sit on his bed, and hit his bong shaped like a squid. There was a
window next to us, and we would always look outside of. His apartment
was at the back of the complex, it faced a freeway with some woods and
an ever changing billboard. At the time, it displayed the Powerball.
Kyle was slack jawed at my response, the weed was already hitting me - I
took a second to clear up my response.

“It’s not like I’m leavin’ ya man… We can still hang, I just need to
quit smoking - or at least just take an extended break.”

“Me and Ellie are getting serious, she’s gonna be my wife soon… And if
we have kids, I can’t be-” His finger pressed against my lips to hush
me, a cheesy grin on his face as the diamond in his front left tooth
glinted in the room’s lamplight.

“Hal, say less. You don’t gotta be smoking to hang with me… Dawg I’m so
proud of you, it’s craaazy man…” He took it better than I thought, we’ve
been chill together for over a decade, I don’t know why I had ever
doubted him. Elloise wasn’t against me smoking, hell, she’s smoked with
us before… But family talk, kids, it all felt so serious at the time. I
didn’t want to be high if we took that step, and Kyle understood that.
But as he pulled his arm away, he looked down at the still lit bowl held
by wrapped glass tentacles. A wide grin plastered on his face as he
giggled.

“But dude, before you take your oath of sobriety… We GOTTA have one last
rager!” Kyle leaned down to the bongs mouth, flicking his lighter before
taking a big hit. Holding it, he blew it out in my face as he waved his
fingers around me as if he’d cast some sort of spell.

“I’ll ask my guy for some crazy shit, you can bring the missus and we’ll
all have a little fun! Hell, get some drinks - have a sailors goodbye?”
At the time, his words made so much sense - now, even I don’t know what
a sailors goodbye meant… But what I did know was that I wanted that
rager. I didn’t want to call this our last smoke night, so I took the
bong from him, took my own hit, and blew it right back at him.

“Fuck yeah, dude. I’ll ask Ellie if she’d wanna come. Heather should
join too!”

“Of course dawg, she’s a given! HEY BABE!” Heather was in her own room,
a skinny and tall girl with tangled long brown hair. She had a boho type
look, crystals braided in her locks… She was nice, chill to be around,
and she was happy to help plan our party.

After that, a little over a week later on Saturday, me and Elloise had
driven over to Kyle’s apartment. I remember we had to take a side
entrance because the front had a massive wasps nest… EpiPen or not, if
we didn’t need to use it - we wouldn’t. We were planning to sleep over
at Kyles anyway, so by the next morning we’d be sober enough to take
that same exit for Elloise’s sake. We were greeted with open arms, the
smell of incense and oils wafted out the apartment.

“Baby! The guests of the hour are here! Come in, come in!” He let us
come through, Heather leaning against the doorway of her room with a
wide smile on her face.

“Smell that? Bergamot, Ylang Ylang, and Patchouli. This blend is gonna
keep our minds and bodies calm. Pair that with the lavender incents and
the vodka in the freezer, lets just say - tonight’s gonna be a movie~” I
didn’t know half of the things she said, but vodka and weed sounded fun
enough. When we got to Kyle’s room, Heather had hung up some crystal
woven dreamcatchers near the window and doorway. The lavender incense
were burning on Kyle’s desk as we all sat in a circle on Kyle’s double.
He pulled out his usual squid bong and grinder, packing a bowl with his
‘mixture’.

“Man, I talked with my usual guy about getting something good for us,
special since you’re quitting. He had a friend that hooked me up with
some fire homegrown shit!” He had a big grin on his face, he was so
giddy.

“And you’ll be the one to try it first! Been saving it separately, just
mixed it with the usual shit before you came!” Weed was weed, homegrown
sounded even better. It all seemed so exciting at the time, felt like
high school all over again… Kyle always hooked me up with good bud, had
no doubt this’d be any different. Passing me the bong and lighter, he
crossed his arms.

“C’mon man, hit that shit!” And I did just that. Taking a deep rip from
the bong, I held it in. Closing my eyes, I passed the bong… I was going
to miss doing this, but it wasn’t like I’d never smoke again. Exhaling,
I already felt the slight buzz of the weed, everyone taking their own
hits. The first fifteen minutes dragged along, nothing crazy had
happened yet… I did however have an ungodly dry mouth, at the time I
thought it was just cotton mouth. I asked for water and by then the bowl
was finished and we all started moving around the home. Heather had
pulled out the Smirnoff, getting shot glasses as she stumbled around.
Elloise sat on the couch in the living room and Kyle stayed on his bed.
I got my water while Heather poured shots for us, sitting next to
Elloise. 

Around then, things started to get a bit blurry. My vision blurred in
and out, hands feeling cold and dry… I thought I just took too big of a
hit all at once, drinking my water that did nothing to dampen my mouth.
It all just made me need to piss, I think I excused myself to their
bathroom down the hallway. This was around the half hour mark when time
started to slip from my mind. I just remember standing at the toilet,
pants all the way on the ground, attempting to pee… Weird, I felt like
nothing wanted to come out. After what felt like an hour, I’d given up
and pulled up my pants as I went to the sink. A small bowl, with more
counter space than anything, a round mirror hanging above it, little
crystals and rocks adorning the free space there was with the soap. I
splashed water on my face, squeezing my eyes shut, the world around me
feeling nonexistent.

Things felt different, something had changed drastically when I had my
eyes closed. The water on my face felt like nothing… Not that it wasn’t
there, it just felt like there was nothing for it to be on. I didn’t
feel my body… My hands that were covering my face weren’t touching
anything, nor were there hands to touch with. It’s so hard to explain,
only more confusing when I finally opened my eyes.

I wasn’t in a bathroom anymore, more like a cave. A small pocket that
was made of meat, the walls swollen and red like the lining of
intestines. Whatever furniture was in there were now only nodules under
the lining. In front of me, partially absorbed in the living walls, was
a stained piece of glass. It was dirty and old, just barely showing my
face. I didn’t have a face. No, I had completely changed. Everything had
changed. My head was like a glowing orb, a light yellow, attached to an
equally glowing star shaped body. My hands and feet were points, I
looked like a stick man. No eyes, mouth, but I could still see and taste
that dryness in my mouth.

What was once the bathroom exit was now a sphincter like hole, only a
foot wide, throbbing open and close. In a panic, I slid myself through,
falling to the ground with a wet thud. Pulling myself up, I moved around
the organ, two glowing figures wandering around the structure. One
curled up on the ground and the other standing still.

“Hello?” My voice wasn’t my own. What I said didn’t make sense, I knew
what I wanted to say, but what came out was completely different. An
incoherent babble, my pointed hand touching my face, nothing. The
standing figure walked up to me, it was the same height and soft yellow
glow as me.

“Opu ahw haartwq ge ths?” Nonsense, absolute muffled nonsense. But this
thing felt like a friend, my human life at that point no longer existed.
This was reality, and these were my only friends. Moving past the
figures, through another sphincter that I pulled myself through, there
was another glowing figure. It buzzed once I came in, speaking in that
same disjointed tone. Pointing towards something, through an open hole
in the wall… That was when I saw it, an exit. I don’t know how, but that
thing was pointing to the only way out this hell. A glowing doorway, far
off through this desolate meaty tundra. I reached out my appendage, that
beautiful light cut off by a massive shutter. It was like a garage door
the way it slammed down, but made of meat, teeth lining the bottom like
an upper jaw trying to bite down on me.

I stumbled back, falling on the ground again, a low rumbling rippled
through the area. This thing tried to cut - no, bite my hand off. In
that short instant, I became obsessed with escaping this place.

“We need to go.” I spoke in that same nonsensical gibberish, my only
translation being in my head.

“Ih ajwdjr jfkq jzqbah ad.” It seemed to get the memo, getting up as it
followed me out that same orifice. Another toothy shutter came down with
a wet thud, just missing me as I slid out. The once standing figure now
crouched next to the one laying, I couldn’t leave them behind. 

“We can’t stay here. It’s going to digest us.” Muffled babbles come from
the curled up one, the standing one helping it up. Despite no one having
a face, they could sense the urgency, even if they couldn’t understand
me either. We were four in total, all copies of one and other. Another
rumble snapped me back to what was most important, getting out of this
thing. Diving out another opening led us to a long tube, we must’ve been
in the large intestines. Pulling everyone through, once the last of our
roster had slid out, another wet shutter came down. It seemed now, each
hole we went through triggered more of these jaws to close.

Staring down the hall, I noticed the tumors. Long, skinny, fleshy bumps
that stood tall under the skin. They vibrated slightly, moving along the
underside of the intestinal lining. I slowly moved to inspect them, my
party following behind. The closer I got, the more I noticed. They were
human shaped, maybe previous digested hosts? They had twisted faces, as
if they were vacuum sealed in meat. A shorter one began to vibrate, it
was in the middle of the hall blocking us from going deeper. Its voice
was different from ours, it was buzzing like bees in a bag. It violently
shook and muttered through the skin. I stumbled back, these weren’t
friendly things and they were blocking our way. On instinct I raised my
arms and yelled, hoping to scare it off. But it had the opposite effect,
the vibrations getting worse as the other tumors began to buzz. I only
wanted to get deeper down the hall, but instead, these things seemed to
notify the beast. Down the winding intestine track, those shutters began
to close. Eyes began to grow from the ceiling, staring right at us as
the distance between our group and its jaws were shortened.

One of us ran around the corner of the place we exited, another hole
nearby for us to slip out of. The tumors began to slide closer, the skin
deforming and warping as they all buzzed. The four of us moved towards
this exit, I went last as I took one last glance. Another jaw slammed
right down onto one of the tumors, splitting it with a wet crunch. Bugs
(?) poured out, small little round black things, swirling as another jaw
cut the sight short. I’d finally jumped through as we began our escape. 

It was a twisting staircase of flesh, ribbed and slippery as each one of
us began to run down it. Thinking wasn’t an option, the ceiling eyes
made themselves known as more and more opened above us, each staircase
led to another shutter slamming down. Faster and faster, we made a dead
sprint down. I could feel the glow of my skin pulse to the beating of my
racing heart, sweat pouring over nothing - my skin still nonexistent in
this stick form. Once we finally reached the bowels of the beast, there
was one more exit left for us. One of our kin had jumped out as everyone
followed suit. We slid out with a familiar wet thud, the outside not too
different from whatever hell that was inside.

The grass that touched my face were veins, the sky was a deep
blackish-red, organic structures of ligaments and bone surrounded this
hellscape. This world seemed to be completely alive, and we stuck out
like a sore thumb. I turned to look at the outside of what we were in
and the sight made me sick. A whining giant was the best way to describe
it, stretched and rashy peach skin surrounding it, as if a human had
swallowed a building whole. Stretch marks covered it, each end having
shriveled up human legs that seemed bent out of shape like it didn’t
have any bones in them. We’d come out of what I only could describe as
an asshole, red and raw as it squeezed shut. It wailed out in pain,
maybe from our aggressive exit…

I was the only one still on the ground, the other three up. One was
turned to the other two, babbling away as I stood. It was trying to tell
us something, moving backwards as we followed its lead. Its limb
pointing towards a gathering of elongated bodies, rooted into the ground
as they swayed against the rancid breeze that wafted through.

“Ri fjw ajv tjaox aj-” As quick as it was there, our companion was
ripped from our view. Fast as lightning, the creature pounced onto our
only guide. At the time, I knew exactly what that thing was, now I can
only describe it as a flesh cheetah. 

It was massive, at least eight feet long with curled paws and long,
sharp claws. Its face was feline, pointed ears that pressed down against
the sides of its head when it jumped. Wide, almond shaped eyes glared
down at its prey, its pupils rings of ever changing colors as its teeth
hooked down like a sabretooth tiger. It lacked skin, you could see all
its tenons and muscles throb and contract with each calculated move. The
animal’s massive paw pinned down our companion with ease, seeming to
revel in the pained screaming.

It moved its head down, massive jaws opening as it bit down onto the
tiny head of the yellow body, pulling back. A grotesque tear echoed in
the musty air, there was no blood or gore, rather the glowing body began
to throb and almost glitch. A red tinge began to replace the yellow with
each pull the thing made, violent screeching coming from the figure as
its head was finally split from the neck. The screeching was short-lived
after that, only glitching, twitching, and bugging out as more of those
things surrounded it. Glowing liquid poured from its now red glowing
body as they feasted upon the carcass, the original crunching down on
the ball head as the others lapped up the liquid with large grins
plastered on their faces.

“BS JW EJF! TQNA!” One of our own yelled in pain at the loss, one
cheetah’s eyes slowly dragging to us as if it just noticed. Staying here
wasn’t an option, nor was panicking. I rushed to grab the hand of the
quiet one, it only standing in silence at the scene. I could sense the
pure shock the other had just by touching them… The yelling one didn’t
take long to rush over to us, but not before another beast pounced
towards the group as it reached a long paw out. A loud pained noise came
from the screamer, a nicked leg glitching a slight red, but not enough
to stop them from making it to us. It limped towards us and I helped
them by hooking my arm around its body as we ran into the human forest.

The trees looked like they wore skin suits, stretched skin covered each
one as the hollow empty faces always seemed to be positioned at eye
height. I could see in their mouths and empty sockets, something red
throbbing under them. Small, empty hand and leg skin dangled uselessly
from the sides of the pillars. Looking up, I could see the horrific
webbing of what looked like veins and muscle. As if the top of all of
these things were interlinked with one and other, as one massive
membrane that soaked up all the red sky. The floor had more of those
sprouted veins, each step made the ones around my foot twitch, like it
reacted to my step. I also began to see more of those little black bug
things were around the area, one even landing on my shoulder.

Getting a closer view showed off how they looked. Tiny legs hanging off
a small, round black body. Barely bigger than a gnat, with no other
discernible features or wings. They were like dust, carried by the wind
as the one on me soon flew away. My distracted mind almost made me walk
into one of our own, who now led the way. The light… We were following
the light! Through the tangling human trees, far off in the distance, I
could see the peeking glow of the exit light. I almost ran with the
person I held till I was stopped. The current leader pointed to the
obstacle in our way.

In a small clearing, where dense skin trees were woven together by their
arms and legs, creating a straight through path towards a mass. In the
center was a massive fleshy growth that was held by meaty strands. There
were holes in it, entries and exits for the things that lived there.
Those things made themselves known quickly enough, a buzzing echoing in
the enclosed space. It flew right above us, just a little smaller than a
basketball. Its heavy body shaped like a leech, a foul sucker on the
front as the end drooped down. The wings that carried it almost looked
as if they weren’t enough, its thick body dangling around as it clumsily
moved. There were a bunch flying overhead, moving from nest to nest. I
started to see more of those growth nests, both on the trees and
scattered around the floor.

I also noticed those little black bugs, it seemed like those were baby
forms of whatever these leech things were. Our only grace was that they
didn’t seem to notice us, they were probably blind. My first gut
instinct was to turn around, but behind I could see those glowing eyes…
The cheetahs were in the fleshy brush, hiding in them, waiting for one
of us to go back. We’d have to carefully move through the nesting bugs
to get to the exit.

Slowly, with the quiet one leading us, we carefully stepped through and
around the different throbbing tumors that coughed out the occasional
flying leech or black bug cloud. The smell was near indescribable - like
it was sweet, but an off sweet… Sickeningly sweet rotted fruit and
vegetation. This world had no real plants, only living things that
breathed like you or I… Anything dead on the ground left the odor of
death, my nubbed foot stepped right onto the wet corpse of one of those
leeches. It was foul and sticky, a red stain on my foot as I tried not
to vomit. Making our way around the largest mass, things were going
smoothly until one of those leeches flew out one of the lower exits.

Its fat little body slapped against the injured one’s head, them
reacting with a sudden jolt. The movement had made me misstep, hearing a
wet crunch. Looking down, my foot was right in one of the growths as
tiny black bugs began to fill the air. Too many to possibly fit in what
I stepped in, so many that the air became thick with them. Panic finally
set on all of us, visibility now only as far as the cloud allowed it. I
began to swat at the air, my arm once holding the injured one had
released them. There were still more of those bugs filling the air as
the flying leeches began to swoop down at us, sensing the disturbance.
They were trying to bite us, their circular mouths aiming for us as we
ran. The injured one had limped at a decent speed, but was starting to
trail behind. In our rush, more of the ground nests were stepped on,
more babies filling the air like the densest cloud of gnats.

I could feel the swipes of teeth, these things were clumsy, only really
slapping against my glowing form. The only concern I had was for our
injured one, reaching my limb back for them to grab on. I could feel the
hook of a hand grab back, and with that I rushed with them. We raced to
the back of this hive, the silent one leading us as I kept my eyes on
the ground, it being the only visibility I had through the cloud. I was
locked in on those glowing legs, leading us out the dense cloud finally
as we breached the back of the nest. There was an invisible barrier they
seemed not to cross, as if they only stayed near their home up to a
certain point.

The silent one stopped once we were out, I did too, letting go of the
injured one as I panted. The air in my lungs didn’t feel real, each
breath more humid than the next. I finally looked over my shoulder to
see the injured one, but something was terribly wrong. 

Across their glowing yellow body, twitching red welts had grown. One on
the side of their head, one on their chest, and one on their leg. They
were massive and glowing red, their body twitched.

“Are you-” Before I could finish my words, they fell to their knees,
their body twitching and glitching like the last one. They grabbed at
their throat, the masses on their body throbbing and moving as if
something was under it. Only then did the vomiting begin. Where a mouth
should’ve been poured out a thick blackish red bile, their body
glitching red as they fell back. I had to step away as they seized,
sprays of vomit shooting up and right back into their face. In the mess,
things started to move. Little black bodies pulled themselves out the
vomit as the welts throbbed and finally popped. More of those bugs
poured out of the wounds as the body stopped thrashing, now a glowing
red as it only twitched and oozed out more of those things.

The shock made me forget the true danger we still were in, feeling the
grab of the silent one as I was pulled away. The meaty bushes rustled as
pulsing eyes darted towards the body - We were still being hunted.

Running… We were running, me and that final friend. The only one that I
knew wouldn’t hurt me in this sick world. I could hear the rush of those
beasts moving through the bushes, darting from visibility to hidden once
more. They were playing with their food, taunting us. So easily could we
have been taken and ripped to shreds like the others. They stalked us on
purpose. 

We started going uphill, the meat under our feet throbbing with each
step as past the trees we could see it, that glowing exit. It was near
perfect, the farther we went up, the closer the light seemed to get… The
sky was finally visible through the trees, the red hue only accentuating
our freedom.

And yet, before we could reach it, we both fell down.

down.

down.

down.

We were both in each other’s arms, holding for dear life as we went down
what felt like an endless tunnel of meat. I looked at the mirror image
of myself, both suspended in air as I felt a brief comfort.

A comfort I wouldn’t die alone. And just like that, everything finally
went black.

When I came too, I was in a hospital bed. The lights above me felt like
the brightest I’ve ever seen in my life and my ears were ringing from
the hum of the hospital. Each breath felt awkward to take, hurting if I
breathed too deeply. I kept my eyes squinted as I looked down, my chest
was wrapped up, my right leg was suspended in a cast, and a thick iv was
in my arm. I attempted to sit up, but the pain that shot through me kept
me in place. A nurse finally noticed I was up.

“Oh! The patient in room 342 is up!” He seemed to be calling out into
the hall. Found out I had broken my ribs badly, broken leg too. I’d been
in a coma for about a month, and when I asked about the others… Things
got quieter.

Later on, I ended up learning everything that actually happened:

It started a bit after we all finished smoking. Somehow between smoking
and leaving the apartment, I had gotten my shirt half off, while Kyle
took his shirt completely off. The four of us had wandered out his
apartment, a family was in the hall… I ended up screaming at their kid,
it started crying and the parents were mad… We all started freaking out
and Kyle ushered us out the back stairwell of the apartment building. 

We ended up running out the fire exit, causing the building’s alarms to
go off… There was a grassy patch between the building and freeway.
That’s when Kyle stepped into the road and subsequently got hit by a car
going around 65MPH. He died on impact, That road got closed pretty
fast - but not before another car clipped Elloise.

Elloise… At some point in the woods, either one of us disturbed a wasp
nest or we were just too close to one… They were pissed and started
attacking, we all got stung, but Elloise was allergic. She went into
anaphylactic shock and died not long after. 

Me and Heather ran off deeper into the woodland patch, the end of which
ended in a steep cliff that led to another roadway. We fell around 40ft,
holding each other, Heather took the majority of the damage, I landed
right on her. They said if she wasn’t there I’d be dead.

The light we all were following was the Powerball billboard that hung on
the other side of the other roadway.

I figured out what the weed was mixed with. Datura. It was one part
weed, two parts datura. Despite Kyle’s shortcomings, I know he wouldn’t
have done this on purpose. He wasn’t dumb, but trusting. His dealer
fucked him over or maybe just read the room wrong, either way three
people were dead. Never met him myself, but Kyle spoke good about the
guy… I could only give the police what little information I had, they’d
have better luck checking Kyle’s place.

It’s been a little over a year since everything’s happened. I’m lucky I
wasn’t fired, went through physical therapy and actual therapy.
Currently on meds that dull the feelings of it all, but I never can
forget…

I haven’t really talked to anyone about this, but I still see them. Not
them normally, but as those twisted red stick people. Ever since I woke
up in the hospital, they’ve been following me around. They make noise -
all still babbling incoherently. Sometimes it’s panicked, sometimes it’s
conversational, sometimes it’s directed towards me.

Even as I write this, they’re right behind me, looming over my
shoulder… 

I don’t think they’ll ever leave and I don’t ever want them to. Being
alone feels worse than death… I miss my friends.
