I work at an auto parts store in Buenos Aires. My job is stock clerk.
I’m in charge of dealing with the suppliers who deliver the parts,
checking the merchandise to make sure everything has arrived and is in
good condition, and then putting the products away. Sometimes, though,
the people who work at the counter call me over to get things for
them—something they could easily do themselves, but since I’m already
here, why bother, right?

One afternoon, one of my coworkers asked me if I could go get a hose
from the warehouse. The warehouse has always been a very uncomfortable
place to be alone. It used to be another auto parts store that closed a
long time ago. Over the years, the former owner of the store where I now
work bought it to expand his business, giving him more space to store
more auto parts. There are hoses, pipes, brake discs, fenders, doors,
hoods, and more things than I could ever finish listing. But what is
worth mentioning is that, no matter the season, the place is always
cold, dark, and incredibly quiet. You could hear a pin drop from the far
end of the warehouse if you listened closely.

I went to the warehouse to look for the hose and spent at least fifteen
minutes searching for the damn thing. Unfortunately, finding spare parts
with the positional system in this place has always been like solving
puzzles. You have to rely not only on one pattern of numbers, since each
brand or part uses different systems for each one, because the entire
store is too big to rely on just one system. Unless you’ve been working
here for years, it’s very difficult for newcomers like me. I was getting
really frustrated because, while I was looking for that part, my boss
called me with an order for a client. Out of sheer frustration, I
whispered out loud, “Where the hell is that damn hose?”

That’s when I heard something fall to the floor about five meters away.
The sound must have come from something made of hollow rubber. I
cautiously approached the noise, and—probably not to the surprise of
readers already familiar with the clichés of these stories, but
surprising to me at the time—I saw that it was the hose I was looking
for. I checked the code, and it matched. Far from feeling scared, I
simply sighed with relief, knowing I could go back to work as usual.

Before finishing my shift, I chatted with Osvaldo, an employee who’s
been working at the business since it practically opened. He simply
refuses to retire; for him, the auto parts store is like his second
home. I told him what had happened to me a few hours earlier in the
warehouse, and that’s when he let out a small sigh—more like a soft
laugh. “Ha! It must have been Pedro.”

“Pedro? Who’s Pedro?” I asked, knowing there wasn’t an employee named
Pedro.

Osvaldo smiled. “Pedro was an employee at the old auto parts store next
door. He was about my age back then, but one day he had a terrible
accident. He was putting some brake discs on a shelf when the ladder he
was standing on broke. He apparently grabbed onto the shelf, which
caused him to fall backward, and all the brake discs fell on top of him.
One of them hit him hard in the frontal lobe and killed him. It’s not
the first time he’s appeared; it’s happened to others like you.”

I thought the guy was messing with me. It was typical—scaring the new
guy in the group for fun. But over time, I started having more strange
experiences in the warehouse. For example, once, while putting away
boxes of coolant, I thought I heard the short whisper of a deep voice.
Then another day, I thought I saw a figure next to me in the reflection
of an old windowpane. But the worst thing happened recently, and it’s
the reason I’m posting this story.

I was putting brake discs away on a shelf in the warehouse. I only had
one left to put away, and it was too high, so I got a ladder and started
climbing. That’s when I heard small knocks on the other side of the
shelf, like someone was knocking on a door. I tried looking through the
gaps in the shelf to see if anyone was there, but I didn’t see anything.
I asked in a low voice, “Osvaldo, is that you?” but there was no answer.
I wanted to go out and check what was behind the shelf, but a feeling in
my stomach told me I’d regret it. I climbed down, left the brake disc on
the floor, and went to the door without looking back. Just as I was
about to close the door, I heard the sound of several heavy objects
crashing to the floor. I opened the warehouse door again, and what I saw
made my skin crawl. The brake disc shelf was destroyed, and the heavy
spare parts were scattered across the floor.

Many of you are probably wondering, “Why does the story start in the
present tense? Shouldn’t he have quit that very day?” Well, first, the
economic situation in this country is never stable enough for someone to
just say, “Yeah! I’ll just find another job.” Not being able to make
ends meet is far scarier than any paranormal situation. Second, after
thinking about it for a while, I don’t believe Pedro intended to kill
me, as my story might suggest. Why would a ghost help me find a hose one
day and then try to crush my head with a shower of brake discs the next?
I like to think he saved my life from meeting the same fate as him by
giving me that gut feeling, so whenever I go to the warehouse alone to
get something, before returning to do anything else, I look back at that
old place and say “Thanks, Pedro.”
