I don’t remember much from my childhood home, maybe the occasional vague
memory that you have to go searching for, but so called “happy memories”
are hard to come by. Now this isn’t because I had a bad childhood, far
from it, I think it was mostly just boring. We didn’t go on any
vacations, no cruises, no real trips outside the state, we just stayed
home. I was named after my grandfather, Aidan, though I never met him.
My dad had  immigrated from Ireland when he was in his mid 20s, he
didn’t talk much about my grandfather, though based on what he did talk
about, it wasn’t hard for me to put 2 and 2 together that he wasn’t
pleasant. My dad worked a 7 to 5 job in a factory making copper
components for an electronics company, and my mother worked as a
waitress at a local chain restaurant. We had money, it was never
something that was in danger of running out, so we had nice Christmases
and I got to go to a nice restaurant for my birthday. I’m prefacing this
so you guys understand where I came from, I didn’t have much experience
outside our rural town is what i’m getting at. 

When I turned 18 I left for college, I went to another state for what
I’m pretty sure is the first time, hell it was my first time in a city,
and I mean a real city with buildings higher than 3 stories. I’m
studying communications as I’ve always had a dream of becoming a radio
DJ, but in hindsight I would have chosen something else, something more
financially secure but I was 18 when I chose my major plus now I’m going
to be a senior so it’s too late to back out. I’ve made plenty of friends
in my years but above all is Lena. Well technically it’s Elena but her
friends, me included, all call her Lena, it was an in-joke when we met
her and everytime after we would call out “Heylena” when we saw her,
sounds dumb but it killed when we thought of it. The two of us are super
close, we enjoy the same music, movies, have similar hobbies, we just
grew close. It’s not a romantic friendship, at least I don’t think. 

When I left for college my parents sold the house and moved into a
smaller one story building since they were having more trouble climbing
the stairs, my mom was pushing 40 and my dad was 52 when I was born,
they say it was great but I’m pretty confident it was an unplanned
pregnancy. They left the house to rot, a land developer bought the
property but nothing has been done with it. I explained all this to Lena
as we sat in my car at the entrance to the driveway.

Her parents had disowned her, she’s what’s known as an “apostate”, she
had been raised as a Jehovah’s Witness and when she left at 16 to move
in with her grandmother, her parents disowned her and now deny they ever
had a child. I never got far with her when asking about it, but because
of it she always bunked with friends during the summer or other
holidays, and this year for the summer she asked to come home and stay
at my house. Luckily the new place my parents bought has a spare bedroom
so it was no big deal. As we were driving to my parents new house she
had asked me all about our old place and insisted on seeing it since we
would have to drive past it to get into town, so I agreed, after all my
parents weren’t expecting me to get home for a couple hours so I didn’t
see any harm in showing her my old room.

It was about 5pm when I pulled up to the driveway, I could see the old
house a quarter of a mile away, the grass was knee height and foliage
obscured much of the ground level. I didn’t see anything in the way of
graffiti or vandalism, which didn’t surprise me since we lived just
outside town, the house seemed to be in pretty good condition for having
been abandoned for 3 years. As I drove up the gravel driveway I realized
the small pond in the middle of the front yard was dry, that was where I
had dumped giant goldfish when I was 8, one of the few memories I had
that was clear. 

“You had a way nicer house than I did.” Lena chided as we walked up the
porch steps. 

She had shown me pictures of her old home before she left, her house
looked more like a trailer home, but in all the pictures she showed me
she looked happy. I had never asked why she left. The front door was
unlocked for some reason, and immediately a musty odor surrounded me.
The front door opened into the living room, which was mostly empty
except for our old ripped up couch and a few empty bookcases and shelves
lining the walls. The staircase to the 2nd floor was opposite the couch,
behind where the TV would have been. 

“Be careful of the cobwebs.” I said as Lena walked to the center of the
room, she looked around the ceiling with a wary expression.

“The hallway’s over to the left,” I walked to the open doorway in the
far left corner of the room, “There’s not much down here, just the
living room, kitchen, bathroom and family room.”

I walked down the hallway with Lena behind me, our kitchen was massive,
with a large island and several feet of countertops that opened into the
larger family room. My mom had converted the family room into a library
of sorts, she had inherited her mother’s book collection and put them in
family room, though the books were now long gone, the empty bookcases
covered the windows and made the room dark and eerie. Upstairs held all
the bedrooms, Lena had a great time in particular pointing out how small
my room was, but the sheer size of the master bedroom took up half the
upstairs by itself. 

“I’m about ready to go eat, you ready?” I asked as she was going through
the boxes of junk we left behind.

“Yeah, why’s all this stuff here?” She asked, holding up a plastic bag
of Legos. 

“Just old stuff, I didn’t want to bring it to college and my parents
didn’t want to pack it up.” I replied.

“You should have donated this stuff or something, it’s just a bunch of
toys. They’re all grimy now though,” she dropped the bag and got to her
feet, “Let’s go.”

I got to the bottom of the stairs first and had reached the front door
when I realized Lena wasn’t following. She was standing halfway up the
stairs staring at the couch on the other side of the living room.

“What’s up?” I asked. She took another couple steps down the stairs.

“Aidan, what’s that room behind the bookcase?” Her voice was quiet.

I looked at the bookcase behind the couch, I had no clue what she was
talking about.

“Uhh, sorry what are you on about?” I said, completely puzzled.

Lena hopped to the bottom of the stairs and walked up to the bookcase.

“There’s an outline of a door behind this, I saw it from the stairs.”
She said as she started to try and move the bookcase.

I walked over to her and looked up and down at the bookcase.

“There isn’t any room here-“ I started as she grabbed my arm.

“Here help me slide it.”

Reluctantly I pushed on it’s side and it began to move, revealing to my
utter confusion, a door. It was a plain brown wooden door, but the
doorknob was missing, I realized so that the bookcase would sit flush
against it. 

“I have no clue what this is, I helped put this thing up, there wasn’t a
door here.” I said. And it was true, this bookcase was put up when I was
12 or 13, it held overflow from the family room, it was a plain empty
wall, it’s why we chose to put it there. Lena grabbed the empty doorknob
hole and opened the door, revealing again to my confusion, stairs
leading down. 

“What the fuck.” I said, it was more of a general statement than a
question. Our house couldn’t have a basement, the land was sitting too
close to a deposit of bedrock, excavating one would have been obscenely
expensive. The light from the doorway shone to the bottom, a concrete
floor was all we could see, the rest of the room was shrouded in
darkness.

“You have any flashlights?” Lena asked. 

“So you want to go down there?” I replied, my voice cracking.

“Your parents built a secret basement and you don’t want to check it
out?” She sounded excited.

I got to say that was a good point, if they had this built, why didn’t
they tell me? I walked outside and opened the trunk of my car, inside
was my emergency flashlight, I grabbed it and Lena and I descended the
stairs. 

The basement was small, a square room covered in more empty shelves and
spiderwebs. My flashlight scanned each wall, revealing rusty tools, some
empty chemical bottles, just normal basement stuff I guess. Nothing
really interesting was down there, I was about to suggest we leave when
Lena gave a small gasp. My light had fallen on the wall behind the
stairs, there was a door there. 

“They built a closet down here too?” I said as I walked up to the door.

Opening it my jaw dropped. It was a large room. 

“I don’t like this Aidan, this is bizarre.” Lena said.

I agreed, this new room was massive, and empty. My flashlight cut
through the darkness as I walked into the space, Lena by my side. The
moment I stepped through the doorway something bizarre happened, I felt
my ears pop, it was subtle, similar to when you drive down a steep hill,
but I noticed it. I assumed that Lena felt it too as I turned and saw
her massaging her ears. The air also seemed heavier, or thicker maybe?
Little specks of dust hung in the beam of my flashlight, I had just
realized that breathing this in probably wasn’t good for me. I walked to
the center of the room, the floor here was carpeted, though it still
reeked with a musty odor. I shined my light around and realized with
amazement that the room itself was longer and wider than the house. At
least by several feet. I was trying to come up with a rationale for this
when my light passed another door to our left. 

“What in the hell is this?” I said, Lena held on to my arm as I walked
towards it.

The next room looked like a dining room, a large oval table was in the
center with multiple old chairs surrounding it. There was a sliding
pantry door opposite of where we entered, and yet another door to our
right. As I walked in I noticed a light switch on the wall, I knew the
power to the house was disconnected but for the hell of it I walked over
and flipped it. To both my surprise and again confusion the dining room
shone to life, a large ceiling fan over the table carried several
lightbulbs that omitted a putrid yellow light. 

“Aidan what the hell is going on?” Lena asked, I turned to her and saw
that she was looking incredibly nervous. I have to say I was as well but
maybe to my better judgement, curiosity had overtaken me. 

“I don’t know, this place is weird as hell though, it’s bigger than the
house.” I replied as I walked up to the pantry. I slid the door open to
reveal a small walk in pantry, inside were various cans of food, Lena
looked over my shoulder and grabbed one off the shelf.

“Look how old the label is, it doesn’t even have an expiration date.”
She said, turning the can over in her hands. 

I walked over to the door on the right side of the room, pulling it open
I found yet another room, this one was circular, light bulbs lined the
walls revealing a stone floor. There was another door adjacent to me,
except this one wasn’t a normal wooden door, it looked like it was made
of steel or iron. Dragging Lena alongside me, I approached the door to
examine it, it seemed more to me like a bank vault or something.

“We should probably leave, come back later.” Lena said, her voice was a
bit shaky now. 

I didn’t respond, I was busy looking for a way to open the door, it
didn’t have any handles or a doorknob, instead it had a series of what
seemed to be sliding door locks. I began grabbing each one and sliding
it until it was off of the door, finally the last one was moved and I
put my shoulder into the door. I was surprised by how light the door was
now that the latches holding it were removed, I pushed it open with ease
and looked at the new room ahead of us. It was massive, and I’m talking
big, like it was a hanger the size of a football field. The roof was
still just a couple feet taller than I was but I could see for dozens
and dozens of yards ahead of me, lightbulbs were strung along the
ceiling, though they were also pretty dim. There was clutter everywhere,
cardboard boxes and shelves lined the floor, while tables and benches
zigzagged to create walkways through the mess. 

“Oh wow.” Lena said, the fear in her voice seemed to diminish as she saw
the scope of the room.

The two of us began walking through the room, the pathways made by the
tables took us in all different directions. 

“There’s no way my parents built this, ain’t no goddamn way.” I said.
Lena stopped and picked up a dusty picture frame that was lying on a
table next to her. She looked at the picture for a few seconds and
handed it to me.

“Who’s this?” She asked.

I looked over the picture, though I had no answer to her question. It
was a grainy picture of a small child with messy blond hair, nobody that
I knew. But strangest of all, he was standing in the dining room we had
just been in.

“I don’t know anyone with blond hair, you?” I replied, she shook her
head and suddenly stopped.

“Look.” She pointed to my left. 

Picture frames were piled up to the ceiling, it was a place I had
mistaken for a wall at first glance. We walked over and each picked up a
frame. There were different children in each frame standing in the
dining room, neither of us knew them. I looked up, this pile of picture
frames reached at least 8 feet high to the ceiling, there had to be
hundreds of them.

“Aidan,” Lena said, the shaking in her voice was back, “We should go,
now.”

I wasn’t fully processing what I was looking at. I kept picking up
frames and saw new pictures in each, it was never the same child. 

“I don’t get this.” I mumbled.

Lena grabbed my arms and pulled me back to the pathway.

“Come on, we should let someone know about this.” She said.

We walked back the way we came, or did we? I quickly realized that I
didn’t recognize the way we came. I stopped Lena and looked around. We
had only walked maybe a hundred feet into the room? The door was nowhere
in sight, I even climbed up onto a nearby table to see if I could zero
in on it but no luck. 

“Aidan, where the fuck is the door?” Lena said.

I didn’t answer, I began walking in a different direction, climbing over
tables and stepping over boxes. Lena followed, occasionally stumbling as
I helped her over tables, I didn’t know what was going on but I was
going to find a door. After a few minutes, we approached a stone wall,
this gave me a good bit of hope since all we would need to do is follow
it. I chose a direction and we began walking.

“We have to find the door, we just used it.” Lena said.

The wall eventually tapered inwards, and we found ourselves in a small
nook within the room. Countertops were lined in a u-shape in front of
us, I started walking into it when Lena grabbed my waist.

“Stop!” She said, a small shriek in her voice.

I saw why immediately. On the floor in the center of the U was…nothing.
Well, it was something but it was also nothing. It looked like there was
a circular pit in the floor, but it was pure black. Not just nighttime
black, it was the purest black I had ever seen, not a single
imperfection in the color, it almost didn’t look real. I walked up to
the edge of the pit and knelt down, I shined my flashlight at the hole
but my light just seemed to be swallowed by the pure black.

“What is it?” Lena said as she knelt down beside me.

“I have no clue,” I said, “it’s like there’s nothing there but it’s
something right?”

I don’t know what compelled me to do it, but I reached my hand out and
touched the surface of the black hole, to my surprise my hand passed
right through it.

“I think it is a pit or a hole or something.” I said, waving my hand
back and forth in the blackness.

“It doesn’t look like it right?” Lena said, she rubbed her hand around
the rim of the floor, trying to feel for where it went down. I reached
my hand further down, trying to feel for something, or anything really.

“Get your hand out of there!” Lena raised her voice.

“I’m just trying-“ I started before suddenly stopping. I felt air, or
something. Something breathing on my arm. A split second later pain
flared up my arm, it was more pain than I had ever felt before. I
screamed and yanked my arm up, Lena seemed to know what I was doing and
grabbed my elbow to help. My hand came out of the hole and blood spurted
in every direction, my arm felt like it was on fire, I rolled onto my
back clutching my hand. I realized I couldn’t feel my fingers and looked
down, half of my hand was missing, including every finger but my thumb,
ragged chunks of flesh hung from the spots where they once were. I
couldn’t talk, the pain was too much, I was starting to breath heavily
and quickly, Lena was wrapping her arms around my body trying to force
me to stand.

“Let me see!” She was yelling, and I realized she was trying to help. I
held up my hand and she pulled off her t-shirt leaving only a tank top
on, she wrapped it around my hand tightly, pain continuing to sear all
the way up my arm. Lying on the ground I looked up at her, spots in my
vision, her face was covered with blood. She turned away from me and
quickly spat onto the floor, blood, my blood I realized, was spattered
across her teeth and lips. 

I closed my eyes and tried to focus on something besides the pain, when
Lena then yelled out. I opened my eyes and saw her being dragged away
towards the pit, something had grabbed her leg, though I couldn’t see
what. I rolled over and grabbed her arm with my good hand, whatever had
her wasn’t that strong as I easily pulled her towards me. Somehow I got
to my feet and started dragging her away, after several feet she got up
as well.

“Let’s go let’s go!” I yelled. 

I don’t know how long we ran, we didn’t go in any particular direction,
just through the winding pathways of the room. The pain in my hand
started lowering, Lena had wrapped her shirt tightly around it,
eventually it was low enough for me to start thinking again. 

“Stop, stop, stop.” I held out my good arm in front of her and we slowed
from running to a stop.

“Let me see your hand again.” Lena said, breathing heavily.

“What the fuck was that?” I asked, though I knew she didn’t have an
answer. Lena checked the knot she mad with her shirt.

“We’re leaving and calling the fucking cops.” She said.

I started looking around for the doorway, I still couldn’t see it, 

“We have to find the door, that was a lot of blood back there,” Lena had
apparently already picked a direction and was walking. 

I had no reply to her, I knew she was right, I didn’t want to look at my
hand, all the blood I lost wasn’t good. We kept walking, and walking.
Several minutes had passed, still no door. I bumped into Lena as she
stopped walking, she bent over and let out a small sigh, I never had
checked her to see if she was okay. 

“You-you want me to-to check you out?” I stammered, the pain in my hand
was starting up again.

Lena shook her head and continued walking. My hand now felt once more
like it was on fire, I was trying not to make any noise, I just clutched
it as hard as I could and continued walking. We turned a corner, and I
had never felt more relief in my life than I had when we finally saw the
door in the distance. We changed from a brisk walk to a jog as we
climbed over tables and chairs towards the door. When we got to it, the
door was still open from when we entered, the circular room just beyond
the doorway. 

A sharp sting of pain ran up my arm, bad enough for me to yelp. Lena
turned to me and grabbed my arm, looking into her face I could see she
was also in pain, though she was hiding it much better than I was. I was
looking away, not wanting to see my mangled hand as she undid the knot
and unwrapped her shirt. 

“Oh god.” Lena said.

I turned to look at my hand, I had no idea what I was looking at.
Something was…growing where it had been torn apart. Very slowly, but
also quickly, I could see a bulge with 4 small fingers growing out of
the mangled shreds. Neither of us said anything as it got bigger and
bigger, I was trying not to scream again, the pain from this growth was
just as intense as when it was torn apart. It was then I realized I
could actually wiggle the tiny fingers. 

Lena bent over again, this time she couldn’t hold in her own groans.

“A-are you f-fine?” I tried to ask through the pain. 

That was when I saw she was different, she was clutching her abdomen, a
bulge was growing in her stomach. 

“C-come o-on!” I yelled and grabbed her shoulder, dragging her out of
the room.

Lena was now leaning against me as I dragged her out of the room. I let
go of her and pulled the metal door closed, re-inserting all of the
slide locks. Lena groaned even louder behind me, I turned and saw her
sitting on the floor against the wall. The growth in her stomach was
getting bigger, she… she looked like she was 9 months pregnant. I was
trying to process what I was looking at when she screamed.

“Aidan!” Her voice was full of panic.

I ran to her and helped pull her back to her feet. The lightbulbs in the
room seemed to be flickering every few seconds. I pushed open the door
to the dining room and hauled her inside, I saw that Lena was leaving
behind a trail of what looked like water. She collapsed against the
dining room table, grabbing her abdomen in pain,

“I d-don’t know what’s happening!” Her cries echoed through the room,
her eyes were wide and full of tears.

“I don’t know what to do!” She cried. 

I was frozen, I had no ideas, no thoughts, I couldn’t help her.

Lena let out another scream as blood began running down her legs, the
lights around us flickering even more.

“I don’t know what to do!” She continued crying, an unending wail of
pain.

She turned and started to climb onto the dining room table, I rushed
forward to help her and stepped back. She removed her shorts and
underwear as I stood there paralyzed, unsure of even what my own name
was. 

Lena continued screaming and hyperventilating. 

“Help!” Lena screamed, her voice seemed to bring me back, I ran around
to her and grabbed her hand.

“I don’t know how to help!” I yelled, her face contorted and she let out
another scream. I realized what she was doing and moved around the table
to her legs. The sight was bloody, it was horrifying, I had no ability
to help whatsoever. Finally after another round of screaming I saw what
I thought was something crowning. 

“Help me please!” Lena shouted, her voice cracking and full of tears. 

I wasn’t sure what to do when I saw whatever it was, it wasn’t a head.
Suddenly an arm pushed its way out and grabbed the end of the table, I
fell backwards and collapsed against the wall, Lena’s screams seemed to
get louder. I crawled away towards the pantry, ignoring Lena’s pleading.
Crawling inside I slid the door shut and laid with my back against the
wall, my entire body shaking. I closed my eyes and  clasped my hands to
my ears, her cries of pain and suffering pierced every pour of my body.
Tears rolled down my cheeks, I just wanted it to end. 

The screams stopped suddenly. I heard a loud thud as something large
fell to the floor. I opened my eyes, all I heard now was what sounded
like labored breathing emanating from the room. Then scraping. No, it
was dragging. Something large was dragging across the floor, giving off
shallow breathing. It was getting closer to the pantry door, and I
stopped breathing. My entire body was shaking.

The pantry door slowly started opening, light from the dining room shone
through. A large shape blocked the doorway, it’s arm outstretched as it
slid the door open. That’s when I realized, it was me. It had my face,
it’s bloody matted hair was mine, it’s eyes were wide but also mine. It
was completely naked, and it started dragging itself towards me as if
it’s legs didn’t work. I couldn’t scream, I couldn’t do anything, I was
completely paralyzed. It grabbed my legs and pulled itself on top of me,
its breathing was ragged. It grabbed my shirt and pulled it’s face right
up to mine, I was looking at myself but it wasn’t me. It’s mouth
twitched and it almost looked like it was…smiling. 

A quiet groan came from the dining room and the thing snapped its head
back towards the doorway. At that moment I seemed to regain all my
senses. I yelled and got my feet up under its stomach and pushed it off
me. It let out an inhuman screech as it writhed in the ground. I stood
up and jumped over it towards the doorway, turning around I saw it
arched over, I swear I heard bones cracking in its back. Its screeching
was deep and breathy, I sprinted as fast as I could towards the door I
knew led to the exit. I flung the door open and looked back, the thing
was rising to its feet. 

I ran through the doorway into the large room attached to the basement,
I closed the door behind me as I heard what sounded like footsteps. I
ran across the room to the next door and pulled it open and stepped into
the small square basement. I heard the door in the other room break as I
climbed the stairs, almost tripping myself as I went. I slammed the
basement door shut and pulled the bookcase back in front of it, then
using all my strength I pushed the living room couch into the bookcase.
Combined they were probably a couple hundred pounds. Only then did I
realize, I had left Lena down there. I had fled. That groaning I heard,
was she alive? I went outside of the house, it was still light outside,
and I ran towards my car. Climbing inside I started it up and reversed
at full speed down the driveway. 

After a few minutes of driving down the road at 80 miles an hour, a wave
of emotion came over me, I nearly jerked the wheel and crashed. I pulled
over to the side of the road and got out of the car, falling onto the
ground I felt like I couldn’t breathe. I was clutching my chest, looking
down I saw my hand was fully formed as if nothing had ever happened to
it. I had no idea what to do next, so I drove to the police station.

The next several hours were hell. I tried explaining to the officer I
met what had happened, and he recommended me to a local hospital,
thinking all the blood covering my clothes was from an accident. I was
not satisfied with his suggestion and ended up handcuffed and taken to
the drunk tank. After retelling this story to multiple officers, it was
obvious none of them was taking me very seriously, and I was put in a
cruiser and taken to my parents home. I tried explaining it to them,
they were more confused by my assertions there was a basement there more
than anything else. Finally an officer agreed to go search the old
house, I sat in my room staring at the wall for what seemed like hours
until my parents got a call. The officer had searched the house, and
found no basement, in fact when he walked into the house he said he
found the bookcase and couch flung against the adjacent stairs, with no
basement door in sight. Instead I was again taken into custody for
trying to file a false report.

My parents knew I was bringing a friend to stay with us this summer, and
despite my pleading that she might still be down there, nobody will
listen. The cops have just brushed this off as me being “rejected” by a
lady friend, an explanation my parents also believe, and since they
can’t get a hold of Lena’s parents seeing as how they deny she ever
existed, I have no way of proving she was ever with me, as if anyone
would believe me if I had some proof. It’s been 2 days now, one spent in
jail, another spent gathering supplies and writing this so there’s some
kind of written record. I was a coward, I saved myself and left her to
die. I’m not proud, but if she’s still down there, even if it’s just her
body, I’m going to get her. This time I’ve got more than a flashlight to
help me. I’ll try and update this when I get back, with or without her,
wish me luck.
