All my classmates are confused. Some of us are freaking out. Some are
looking to me, expecting me to do something. What the hell am I supposed
to do? Hell, I’m shocked I still have Wi-Fi.

…. Okay. I need to calm down. I’ll start from the beginning.

It was a normal day. I know that’s a very cliche way to start a story,
but it’s true. A sunny hot day; maybe too hot. It was 3 days until
Summer after all. My last year of highschool was almost over. And then
I’d be heading off to college.

I’ve always been a bit of a survivalist, y’know? My grandpa taught me.
My dad never understood it, but it was a special bond I had with
Grandpa. I became so invested in it, that I chose to become a wildlife
rescue officer. I’m not sure what the actual job title is, but I wanted
to rescue people from being lost in the woods. I wanted to play the
hero. The man who would save lives with my wilderness expertise. Kinda
cringe and self righteous, sure. But I believed I could do it.

Anyway, we had final exams for the last 3 days until Summer. I went in,
put my bag in my locker, and rushed to class. I wanted to get started
nice and early. Of course, I never got to, because Derek, the highschool
bully, spotted me and thought it would be a good idea to put his foot
out and make me fall flat on my face.

Derek isn’t one of those types of bullies that beats you up or makes you
wanna… end things. No, he’s just the typical jerk that throws insults,
but we know damn well he can’t throw hands worth shit. And, as expected,
when Derek saw that my nose was broken, he immediately clammed up and
waddled away like an embarrassed penguin.

Obviously I had to go to the nurse’s office. The only thing she could
give me was a pack of ice. She let me take a break in her office while
she went out to find Derek.

After a few minutes, I decided I couldn’t just wait around anymore. I
got up to leave. But then I got hit by a sudden stinging pain in my
head. My ears were ringing, and I couldn’t focus my eyes on anything. I
hit the floor, unable to do anything but hold my head in pain. But as
soon as it started, it just stopped. It didn’t fade away, or become less
painful overtime like usual headaches. It just… stopped.

After that, I chose to stay put. I could always do the exam tomorrow. I
was sure the nurse would send me home. But she didn’t come back. 5
minutes passed. Then 10. Then 15. And I eventually just left the office.
The first thing I noticed was that the lights looked dim. That was
weird, sure. But I didn’t think much about it. The halls were empty, but
it didn’t surprise me. I thought everyone was taking exams.

Now, before I continue, I should explain the layout of our school. The
highschool isn’t just a highschool. There are two campuses. Facing the
entrance: On the right is where the elementary and middle school kids
are. And on the left is the highschool. The two campuses are right next
to each other, connected by a concrete bridge on the fifth floor, and
there are ten floors in total. The reason there are so many floors is
because another school in the county was forced to merge with us. The
reason isn’t important.

While I was walking, I also noticed the lack of hall monitors. The
highschool started having “guards” walk the halls. They’re not armed
guards or anything. Just your typical macho guy who thinks he’s tougher
than he actually is. If they catch you, you are thrown in detention
without a second thought. But they weren’t here. They usually have at
least two on every floor. I started to get worried. Was there an
emergency? Were the students evacuated and I was left behind? That
theory was quickly shut down when I spotted one of my friends, Stacey,
stepping out of the Biology classroom. I went up to ask her what was
going on, but I noticed she was disoriented. When I asked, she told me
that she felt that same pain in her head. And I don’t mean a similar
pain- No, I mean she felt the exact pain.

She suggested going to the principal’s office and asking to go home.
Because the pain we felt definitely wasn’t normal. So we walked up the
stairs. First floor, second floor, third… The hall monitors were still
not there. On any floor. Fourth floor, still nobody.

When we got to the fifth floor, we finally noticed more classmates. They
are gathering in the hall, near the bridge. Stacey and I joined the
crowd, curious. I noticed that all of the hall monitors were here. They
were looking at the bridge. I turned to face my classmates and they were
all horrified. I was about to ask, but somebody tapped me on the
shoulder. It was Stacey. She told me to look at the bridge. And I did.

Have you ever felt that sense of fear, but you don’t have something to
fear? Like there’s nothing standing there, but you just get a cold
feeling through your body that something about your surroundings just
isn’t right? That’s what I feel right now. Halfway across the bridge, it
looks as if the other campus is gone. There isn’t any rubble or torn
wires. Exactly half of the bridge is gone. It looks like when you take a
knife and cut a stick of butter in half right down the middle.

That isn’t even the weirdest part. Outside our school is supposed to be
a city. Houses, skyscrapers, that sorta thing. But right now, there’s no
city. Outside is just a thick forest. Trees, dirt, flies- Just a forest.

I have no idea what’s going on. Some people are panicking, and after I
processed everything, I got out my phone, was shocked that I still had
WiFi, and made this post.

I don’t know what to do…
