I know it sounds pathetic, but every now and then, especially when I’ve
been drinking, I find myself DMing celebrities. Yes, I know I would
never, ever have a chance with any of them, but I guess it’s a harmless
way for me to live out my fantasies. God just typing that out is so
embarrassing. Anyway, there is a particular singer, I don’t really want
to name, but I’ve had a crush on her for the longest time. My first DM
was a few years ago, my freshman year in college, and ever since, there
have been about 15 messages I have sent her way. They, of course, have
all gone unanswered. That was until a few days ago.

I love your music and I love you. I would no how to traet u right id do
anything for u

God, just reading it back makes me cringe. You can probably tell, but I
haven’t exactly had a lot of success texting women before. My phone
buzzed with an Instagram notification. I have it set to that setting,
where it doesn’t reveal the message right away. If you’ve seen some of
the heinous reels my friends and I send to each other, you would
understand why even a small snippet of those images can’t be shown in
public. 

I went about my usual routine till I finally got around to checking my
Instagram notifications. Sure enough, I had a couple of fireable videos
from my friend Ryan, but had to do a double-take at the message just
below his. 

She had responded.

Good Boy. 

I like that. 😘

I looked down, pulled my phone closer. Clicked on her profile, maybe I
had accidentally been DMing a fan account or something. Nope. Verified.
Blue checkmark. 12.6M followers. 

I checked again.

It was her.

My fingers quickly danced around the keyboard.

I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to type that yesterday. 

I felt my face going beet-red. I looked down at my phone, shocked when
the three dots showing a response was imminent appeared on my screen.

You’re no fun. 

I thought you meant it. 😢

Disbelief overtook me. I took a screenshot of the chat and fired it over
to Ryan. It took him only half a second before he responded:

Haha dude, good one. 

I found myself performing laps around my kitchen before I pressed the
phone button next to Ryan’s name.

“Hello?” His voice was groggy, surely shaking off the last vestiges of
sleep.

“Ryan, did you see what I just sent!” I was practically yelling into my
phone, my excitement quickly sidestepping my initial surprise. 

“Yeah, dude, funny Photoshop. Maybe she’ll ask you on a date next.” He
chuckled to himself.

“No, dude, it’s real! She really sent me that.”

Ryan went quiet. “Dude, I don’t have time for this,” he uttered in
between yawns. “Are we still watching the game tomorrow?” 

Even though Ryan and I live in Los Angeles now, we still catch every
Steelers game together.

“Yeah!” I said enthusiastically. “I’ll show you tomorrow!”

“Whatever, dude. See you at O’Malley’s.” Ryan ended the call. I looked
down at my phone with excitement. Ryan would have the biggest egg on his
face.  I went back to my Instagram DMs. I stared down at the message,
still in disbelief. Why would she be talking to me? It didn’t make any
sense.

Was she hacked?

Did she even run her own social media? That’s what it is. Of course, she
didn’t. Here I am just talking to a social media coordinator who is
laughing at my expense. 

The initial surprise that had shifted to genuine excitement was settling
into anger.

Hey Asshole.

No, too strong.

Don’t DM me again or-

Why even respond? Why give them the satisfaction? I was content to just
show Ryan tomorrow and go about my day. My food supply was getting low,
so I took a trip to the grocery store. It was less busy than you would
expect for a Saturday, and as I was checking out, I felt my Apple watch
buzz with activity. It was a notification from Instagram that I quickly
forgot about as I packed my groceries in my car and drove back home.

I spent the rest of my Saturday away playing 2K on my PS5. As midnight
came and went, I tapped on Instagram, where a notification was still
waiting. 

It was from her.

Alex, please answer me please. I want to talk with you. 🙏

At first, I brushed it off; it was unbelievable to think that the admin
would go to such lengths to mess with me. Halfway through another 2K
game, I paused my screen and looked down at my phone, disbelief rushing
back to the forefront. Alex? How did they know my real name?

My Instagram handle had no relation to my real name. It wasn’t an
anagram, it didn’t include my initials, nothing. 

How do you know my name?

I typed out, hesitating before pushing send. I looked around my dark
living room, an uncanny fear spreading across my body. I clicked send. 

I know all about my fans ☺️

Especially ones as cute as you 💖

I stared down at my screen. Rereading the message seven, no eight times
before it fully processed. I quickly scrolled through the handful of
posts on my account. My profile pic was just some random picture I had
taken of the New York skyline, while the rest were all aesthetic
pictures I had taken from different vacations. Not a single one included
my face. 

Who is this? How do you know what I look like?

The three dots appeared immediately. 

Oh course, I know you, Alex. Your dimples are the cutest. 💟

Your hair, that smile. You are perfect. 🫶

I looked back at her profile. She was a blonde bombshell who had been
rumored to be with every up-and-coming A-list actor our age in the past
year. I wouldn’t say I was ugly, just painfully average, average enough
to know that whatever this was wasn’t real.

You didn’t answer me. Who is this? 

The three dots appeared before immediately disappearing. A video. I
hesitated for a half-second, but I had to know. 

The room around her was dark, but sure enough, there sat my celebrity
crush in full view of the camera. She wasn’t wearing her usual make-up,
but was still stunning in the camera. She looked back at the phone with
her best pouty eyes. “Alex, why won’t you believe me?” She stuck out her
bottom lip like she was a child. “I just want to get to know you
better!” Her mouth shifted into a full smile.  

My mind was racing. Heart pumping. I stupidly allowed myself to fall for
the worst thing possible in that moment: hope.

Is this real?

She responded after a minute.

Very real. I think you are so handsome! 🌹

It hurts my feelings that you think I’m joking. 🥀

What?

But why me?

This time it took five minutes for a response. I waited with baited
breath, my TV screen dimming lower as it entered power-save mode. 

Don’t hate me, but I need something, Alex. 🥺

You live near Westerford High School, right? I need you to leave a
half-full bottle of water near the flagpole. Can you do that for me? 🇺🇸

I shouldn’t have let my curiosity get the better of me. It only took me
five minutes to grab a bottle of water from the fridge, dump out half,
and get in my car. After a three-minute ride, I stopped my car in front
of the school. I looked around the street, the only light coming from my
car lights. Was I really about to do this?

I crept out of the car, phone flashlight in hand. It was quiet, empty. I
set the water next to the flagpole, and as my fingers left the bottle, I
heard a notification from my phone. The noise startled me, and I
sprinted back to my car. 

When I jumped in, I looked down to see:

You care about me so much! I hope that wasn’t too bad. I have more
favors to ask, but I can’t wait to meet you soon!  👩‍❤️‍💋‍👨

I pressed my car into drive and hurried out of there. As I drove home,
the only thought that lingered was how she knew when I set the water
down?

I woke up the next morning, slipped into my Steelers jersey, and rushed
over to O’Malley’s. Living in L.A was great, but I was never a fan of
the 10am kickoffs for 1pm EST starts. 

Ryan was already situated at a table when I arrived. 

“Big celebrity guy here!” He teased as we dapped each other up.

“Dude, it was weird last night. She sent me a video and had me drop some
water off at that high school near me.”

Ryan rolled his eyes. “At least make up a lie that is realistic.” He
scowled.

“Well, look at this.” I pulled out my phone, eager to share my evidence.
I opened up the Instagram app, spying her messages still at the top of
the list. I let a big smile escape my mouth, eagerly awaiting the shock
that would overtake Ryan. “Here you go!” I exclaimed, handing the phone
over to Ryan.

Ryan looked down at my phone with confusion. “Uhh, Alex, that’s just the
messages I send you.”

I grabbed my phone back from him. “Dude, stop being an asshole.” I
looked down and sure enough, her messages were gone, our whole
conversation was.

I surveyed the bar, confident now that I was being messed with, slamming
my hand on the table when I didn’t spy any suspicious patrons. 

“Chill, Alex. You good?” Ryan offered a hand on my shoulder, seemingly
trying to broker some peace.

“I’m fine, I am..I just have to go.”

“Wait Alex-,” Ryan stuttered.

He was too late. I couldn’t be here. I didn’t want to be in public. I
ran to my car and raced home, collapsing into my couch when I got
there. 

My phone buzzed with a message from Ryan, asking me what’s up, but that
wasn’t what caught my attention. A notification from Instagram. 

I clicked it.

Can we just keep our relationship with each other? I really want you,
and I don’t like to share 😈

I’ve been staring at the message for two hours now. I don’t really know
what to think or what I should do next. 
