My husband hated our child even before it was born.

He’d wanted it more than I had, at the start of things. He’d clung to my
waist with tears in his eyes, and had convinced me against all my doubts
and indecision to keep it.

I could have gone without. I was thirty-three. I liked my life. They
tell you it’s all over after you’re twenty-nine, that there’s nothing
after that but looking back, wishing you’d done something else.

For me it wasn’t like that. I was happy.

I liked my house. I liked being married. I liked farm shops and coffee
runs and trying to grow vegetables in the little plot at the back of the
house that would never be good enough to do anything with. I wanted to
live a small life with very little responsibility.

Now there was a child, and Andrew wanted it—I loved him, and so I
supposed that I must want it, too.

I began to picture my life as a mother, trying to think how I could fit
this other, unexpected person into my world. I began to care for it,
this unborn being, yet the more the foetus grew the less my husband
wanted anything to do with it, or any future where it would share our
lives.

Andrew could barely stand to look at or touch me throughout the
pregnancy, but whenever I asked him about it he could never articulate
why.

Cold feet, everyone around me kept saying, but it wasn’t that. Any other
child, Andrew told me, and he would have been happy. It was this one he
didn’t want to keep. This one that shouldn’t be born.

It broke my heart. By then I loved my child completely, and though I saw
that my husband was disappointed with himself and somewhat afraid of his
own feelings I found that I resented him. Andrew was one half of our
daughter, and it was as if they shared nothing at all.

He only remained at the house because he loved me, and I let him stay.
Better that than to be left to raise my baby alone, I told myself. My
parents were dead, and they’d never had any money. My small life, which
I’d prized, would soon be whittled down to nothing. Andrew worked, and
earned enough to get us by.

We waited for the child to be born in an awkward stasis, neither of us
knowing how to be together. Loving each other too much for either of us
to leave.

It wasn’t an easy pregnancy, which made tensions considerably worse.
Though there was neither pain nor sickness there were other problems:
cravings and strange, obsessive thoughts. Common, apparently, but still
concerning enough for me to be seen by someone.

To my dismay the obstetrician I’d been visiting and had grown to trust
had developed a sudden onset of partial paralysis, the same hand that
had touched my belly retracting into a sort of claw mid examination.

The doctor apologised profusely as I heaved myself down from the table,
refusing to let her assist me.

“You’re the one that needs help,” I’d said calmly, although I didn’t
feel it.

I’d gone alone to the appointment, Andrew refusing to come, and now
there was a commotion in that cramped room, the assistants I’d called in
from the hallway clustered around the obstetrician to comfort her as I
bent, puffing and sweating, to pick my bag up from where I’d left it.

The poor woman never regained the use of her hand, it seemed, for I was
referred to someone else afterwards; I later found that Dr Colman had
resigned. I couldn’t stop thinking about the way the limb had closed up
like a rat trap against her, the way she’d snatched her hand from me,
working the rubber glove down over the rigid fingers so clumsily that it
snapped, all the torn shreds quickly discarded.

Disgust—that had been the look in Dr Colman’s eyes. That, and a strange
yet certain blame. In that moment she’d seemed to think that I had hurt
her, or that the child inside me had. Then the thought was gone, and
she’d only been sorry and frightened for herself. I’d held her poor hand
and comforted her even as my heart went cold with dread.

I didn’t tell Andrew what had happened. By then I knew that he’d agree
with Dr Colman’s suspicions, though he’d have no way of backing the
claim.

Besides, I felt he’d already had more than enough to say about my eating
habits, which had taken on an inexplicable change. Pica, the doctor had
told me, cravings for unusual items, which are frequently dangerous to
consume.

Pregnant women can sometimes develop this, the baby demanding everything
of the mother until her body fights to restock her supplies. I was in a
deficit, the doctor had told me. It would pass.

She had expected it to be dirt or ice that I was eating, perhaps chalk
at a push, the usual cravings. By the time I had my first appointment
with the new obstetrician I knew that my tastes were unusual even for a
pregnant woman. I should have stopped myself before it had a chance to
develop any further, to be considered an illness. Something real.

Andrew had walked in on me unwrapping my own hair from a brush in the
night, satisfied by the crunch of the filaments through my teeth. I’d
even pick it from my own scalp, sometimes, or from Andrew’s as he slept,
finding his had an oily quality that I preferred over my own.

Then I’d discovered the tin of baby teeth that my mother had saved from
when I was little, and I had eaten them all, crunching the enamel down
to dust. Afterwards I’d burst into tears, and Andrew had made me go to
see my new doctor, whose concerns only made me feel defensive, shaken by
the critique.

I wasn’t allowed to eat the things I wanted anymore. It could cause an
obstruction; I could damage my own teeth, contract an infection of some
kind. I could harm the baby.

Rationally I knew that all this was possible, even likely, but I was of
the stubborn opinion that it wouldn’t hurt me, that it was even good for
the child. I ate all the hair I could in private until there were always
strands of it wrapped around my molars, tickling my tongue with their
tips. I’d pull them out and eat them later, though never in front of
Andrew, of course. I wanted him to think that I’d given it up.

In time I took to purchasing bundles of human hair online, batches of
teeth that might have been stolen from the grave for all I cared. I
never thought about where it all came from. I just wanted to eat.

I’d tried to quit, but the cravings would scratch and wheedle their way
around every thought until they were unbearable. When I had a tooth or a
curl of hair in my mouth all of that went away. I only ever felt full
after I’d swallowed them, but it wouldn’t last long, only a few hours or
more.

The teeth started to wear my own down, running a pain through my jaw.
The hair would sometimes get stuck in my throat, and I often thought
that if I wasn’t pregnant I’d be hideously bloated anyway from where it
must have all gathered inside me.

My sister-in-law, Annabelle, found me in the kitchen one night, picking
one of her long auburn hairs from the floor. She’d come to stay with us
after some pleading from Andrew, who seemed to think that she could pull
me out of the craze that had come over me.

We’d known each other as children, Annabelle and I, having both attended
the same school. I hadn’t met Andrew till much later. He’d lived with
their father, an agreement made amidst a nasty divorce, and so it was
Annabelle I went around with, she who had introduced us later, and only
been a little annoyed when we had fallen in love.

Like any sister, Annabelle sighed heavily when she found me, fat and
panting, trying to hoist myself up from the dirty floor. Then she saw
what I’d been trying to do, and she tottered in astonishment, her heeled
boots almost slipping on the tiling.

“Diane,” she said. “Oh my god. You’re just like your mum.”

“What do you mean?” I said, squinting at her.

My mother had died when I was nineteen of organ failure. Sometimes it
seemed as though Annabelle remembered more about her than I did. There
were a lot of memories that I couldn’t keep hold of anymore. Loss did
that to you, the pain of it. It took names, faces, entire months of life
away, as though you could only go on if you could forget.

My father hadn’t been a nice man, and so when he’d passed of alcohol
poisoning it hadn’t been the same. But I had loved my mother. Sometimes
when I thought of her I wouldn’t know that I was crying till I went
blind.

“Your mother,” said Annabelle. “Orla. She used to eat hair. I think she
only stopped after you were born. I remember hearing them mention it
once, your mum and mine. They were talking about cravings they’d had. My
mother used to eat bars of soap, or she’d wanted to, anyway. She
couldn’t keep them in the house. So Orla said she hadn’t craved anything
until Jenny reminded her about the hair. Your mum used to have such a
long plait, and she’d suck the end of it, or pull bits out and bite them
into pieces.”

I gripped hold of Annabelle’s arm as I lowered myself into a kitchen
chair, the wood squealing under my weight.

“Mum never said anything about it to me,” I said.

Annabelle sniffed.

“Well. It’s not really something you’d go around telling everyone.
Anyway, Orla said it wasn’t a craving. She told Jenny that some old
woman recommended eating hair to her as some sort of folk cure for
infertility. That you could eat it even after you were pregnant if you
wanted a healthy child.”

“That’s mad.”

“Well, that’s what your mum said. She might have made it up. She was
probably embarrassed about it, you know.”

My hand went to the top of my belly, thinking of the child in it.
Wondering if it already had hair.

“Mum was a horrible liar,” I said. “I remember that, at least. She
wouldn’t have made anything up. Who was this old woman?”

“God knows,” said Annabelle. “A friend of the family. Or a neighbour or
something. Crazy anyway, clearly. What kind of person suggests that kind
of thing?”

I laughed a bit.

“I’m here, aren’t I? Maybe it worked.”

“Just imagine. It’s probably where you get it from, this thing with the
hair.”

I didn’t say anything about the teeth, though I couldn’t help wanting to
know if my mother had eaten those in secret, too.

“You need to stop it, anyway,” said Annabelle, suddenly serious. “Don’t
you know how you could end up?”

She showed me a picture on her phone of a great wad of hair like a piece
of hairy stone. It made me feel hungry to look at it.

“You want that thing inside you?” asked Annabelle in disgust. “It’s as
big as another baby. There won’t be any room.”

I started to have strange thoughts about my child, then, not hateful
like Andrew’s, but very odd, even so. I imagined the baby would be born
made of hair, or with strands wrapped tightly around it, growing into
ribs of flesh. None of these ideas repulsed me, for I knew that I would
love it all the same.

It was the lack of fear that frightened me, in the end. I was afraid
that I’d let something awful happen to my child and not understand what
I’d done till it was too late to take it back.

In a panic I threw out all the teeth and the hair I’d bought and
restrained myself from looking for more of it. The cravings muttered to
me, but I forced myself through, thinking of my baby. Loving it more
than I loved myself.

I knew that Andrew was dreading the birth, but he still went with me to
the hospital when the time came. His leg bounced restlessly as he sat by
my bed, the constant movement driving me mad. I felt like every doubt
and hatred he had for our child was in that tetchy motion.

Even when I was deep in labour, shoving and moaning, I kept wanting to
grab hold of Andrew’s knee to hold it down flat. When my little girl was
out of me and in my arms he wouldn’t look at her, only winced and kissed
me, glad that I’d gotten through all that miserable pain. That I was
still alright.

“Drew, for Christ’s sake,” I said. “She’s so perfect. Please just hold
her even for a second.”

No new-born is truly perfect, of course; the child was raw and
shrivelled with filmy eyes, the sticky head bearing a sole wisp of
red-black hair. Still I’d expected Andrew to see her as I did, for his
dislike to change.

If anything it was worse.

“You’re her dad,” I said pitifully, and Andrew jerked, appalled.

“Do you think there was someone else?” I asked him. “Is that what it is?
Because there wasn’t, okay?”

“I know that!” Andrew snapped, then, with a guilty look, he repeated
himself softly. “I know that. But there’s something wrong with it.”

“What if there is?” I asked, defiant.

“I don’t mean an illness. I mean… I don’t know.”

I looked at my baby, my Liana, as I’d named her, and I felt for the
first time the same disquiet my husband had for so long.

I remembered the poor obstetrician, her hand in a coiled hook, having
touched my pregnant belly even through a glove. I wondered if you were
to cut that hand and open it up you’d find teeth embedded in the muscle,
hair calcified around the bone.

Once we left the hospital I raised Liana almost entirely by myself.
Andrew refused to touch or feed her, even to handle any of her bedding
or clothes. He cast himself into housework to make up for it, or else
toiled away at endless overtime at the office so that I couldn’t say he
did nothing at all.

Liana was a quiet child that rarely cried or made any sound at all, but
I was exhausted nevertheless by the lack of help. The lack of love.

Annabelle, who had gone back to her own house at my insistence, soon
returned again, this time bringing her little dog with her, a stubborn
sign of her resolution to stay for as long as she felt was necessary.
The help greatly relieved me.

It wasn’t only the lessened workload I was grateful for, either; since
I’d given birth I’d begun to notice small things that were wrong with
the child, so slight that they may well have been imagined.

She didn’t behave much like an ordinary new-born. Though her eyes were
still that same viscous blue she looked about her with a silent
intelligence, one that had opinions about things, and not very pleasant
ones.

Even as she grew she wouldn’t laugh or respond to any kind of affection.
A year and a half went by, and still she wouldn’t play with toys or
respond to us when we spoke to her.

All the child would do was lie or sit very still, watching us all as we
went about the house. The only time she would react to anything was if
anyone touched her hair, which had grown long, almost down her back; she
would grasp a hand or finger with a vicious grip, the little white nails
pricking the skin.

“She’s certainly healthy,” Annabelle said once, uncomfortably prying the
small fist away.

Annabelle’s dog, Olive, had started to show a great interest in Liana,
sniffing her cradle passionately, attempting to lick her balled hands or
expressionless little face. Though the child never screamed or cried
when the spaniel came near it was obvious that she didn’t like her, and
I made an effort to keep Olive far away despite the harmlessness of her
affections.

The few occasions I had witnessed Andrew interact with the child was to
hoist her away from the dog, having seen her touch it with splayed
fingertips. The second time he did it Andrew dropped our daughter
roughly on the bed and immediately went to wash at the bathroom sink,
scrubbing until the skin was scored bloody from a nail brush.

“What was that about?” I asked, going to the child.

“I don’t want her near that dog,” said Andrew harshly.

“What’s wrong? She won’t bite.”

“I know. It’s not Olive I’m worried about.”

He darted the child a look of hate, which she steadily returned.

Liana had two full rows of teeth in her gums, their tips like dolls
house cutlery, small but curiously sharp. I’d never seen her bite anyone
with them, however, nor did I think that this was what Andrew had meant.

“You don’t know anything,” he told me. “You don’t bother with Olive. I’m
the one that cleans up after her when Bella’s out. I’m the one that saw
it.”

My hand went to rub tiredly at one eye.

“Saw what, Drew?”

“Olive was throwing up hair in the back garden the other night. Christ,
I thought she’d never stop. It just kept coming out of her. At first I
thought it was what was left over from all that stuff you were buying
online. Oh, you thought you hid it, I know. But you didn’t. Anyway, it
wasn’t that hair. It was too long. It’s not possible.”

From his tone I could tell he wasn’t telling a lie. Still, I couldn’t
believe him.

“What are you saying?” I asked. “That the baby did it somehow?”

“Yes,” said Andrew grimly. “And that’s not all. I woke up from a nap the
other day to it touching my face.”

“Drew,” I cried. “She’s a human being. Our little girl.”

Andrew laughed, and I noticed how thin his face, his voice had gotten.
He was wasting away into nothing before my eyes.

“No. She’s not mine. You’re the only one she cares about. Look what’s
she’s done to me.”

Andrew pried open his mouth at the side and gestured for me to look.
Twin rows of new teeth were growing in behind the old ones, the gums
raw, seeping with blood, and on the roof of his mouth had grown many red
hairs, wavering in the current of his breath.

Fear pulled a string in my belly.

“Oh,” I said. “Oh, Andrew. How long have you been like that?”

“Weeks,” he said dully. “You just haven’t noticed before.”

“No. That can’t be right.”

Andrew pointed at the child, which sat coolly watching us, still as a
stone.

“It’s malicious. It’s doing it on purpose.”

“That’s stupid,” I said. “Even if she was making these things happen—”

“It is.”

“—If she is, why would you think she means to? She’s just a child. She
doesn’t know what she’s doing.”

Andrew ushered the dog out of the room, aware that she’d started to jump
up on the bed.

“You’ll see,” he told me. “Things are just going to keep happening to us
all, and then you’ll have to face it.”

I picked Liana up and held her to me, kissing her dry round cheek.

“This is getting out of control, Andrew,” I said. “You need help.”

Still, I was starting to question things, developing suspicions of my
own.

I often thought about the old woman that had instructed my mother to eat
hair. Maybe Orla had angered her, somehow, and had unwittingly been
given instructions to bring about a curse. Or maybe the woman really did
want to help, but the spell had gone wrong, or she was old and had
gotten mixed up. Had used the wrong magic, a horrible kind.

If that was the case, why hadn’t I become what Liana was? Why had I only
been like my mother, longing to eat things I shouldn’t?

Perhaps whatever the old woman had done to Orla was passed down to the
child of her child, poisoning each womb with this spell of hair. Then it
occurred to me that I might have altered Liana myself, bringing teeth
unwittingly into the mix, tainting the magic of it.

It was nonsense, surely, but it was all that I could think of.

I couldn’t resist prodding Annabelle about it.

“Did you ask your mum what happened to that old lady?”

“Oh, yeah! I forgot to tell you,” said Annabelle, dancing Liana on her
lap.

She tried her best with the child, though she was never rewarded with
the smiles and laughter she was hoping for. Liana was, at all times,
like a child carved from wood, stiffly unamused. She tolerated
Annabelle’s unconditional affections, but she didn’t enjoy them.

I was the only person that Liana had shown even the remotest attachment
to since she was born. She’d started walking very early, and would
follow me everywhere on reedy legs. Even as Annabelle lavished her with
attention I sensed my daughter wishing for me. Though she never smiled
there was a kindship between us, an easiness of being together she had
with no one else.

“So I found out what happened,” said Annabelle. “The old woman died.
Mind you, she must have been coming up to eighty by then. Dementia, the
poor soul. Orla was good to her. Used to cook and clean for her without
expecting anything back. She kept looking after her even when she
started getting nasty. Well, it’s not as if she could help it. She
wouldn’t have known what she was saying, bless her. Damned Orla one
minute and loved her the next. Like being a child all over again.”

That was all it took. I believed everything, then. I looked at my
daughter, who had clearly been listening, sucking on a loop of her
red-black hair. Those eyes, always blank, had something in them that I
couldn’t describe.

A sort of hate without passion behind it, as instinctive an emotion as
love. If I’d known what it was then I would have whisked my daughter out
of Annabelle’s arms and raised the child by myself, all alone. But I
felt I couldn’t go on as I had before, bearing every parental
responsibility until my back hurt like it would break. So my
sister-in-law pushed the child in a pram, sang to her, jostled her on
her hip, and unbeknownst to any of us, all the while, those little
clinging hands changed something within.

In under a month Annabelle was beginning to notice an acute abdominal
pain, so severe that she was no longer able to help around the house
much. She soon moved back home with her mother to be tended to. Then
there was bleeding that frightened her, tests that turned into a
surgery, scheduled just a handful of weeks after her initial diagnosis.

Annabelle wouldn’t tell any of us what was wrong until she was in the
hospital ward, ready for visitors. Only Jenny knew what had happened;
Andrew and I had passed her, hands full of tissue, in the corridor,
offering us a weepy smile as we pushed through the double doors.

“Let me have Liana,” Jenny said. “Bella’s not keen on having her in
there with her. She’ll tell you why. Oh, Lord, at least she’s alright,
but…”

“It was an ovarian tumour,” Annabelle told us, once we’d all exchanged
delicate hugs, and Andrew and I had sat down in the uncomfortable seats
by her bedside. “It was huge. I begged the surgeon to take pictures of
it. Lost one of my ovaries, though. Mum’s distraught. I told her the
other one’s fine, but she won’t have it. Might as well be dying for the
hysterics she’s been having.”

“A tumour?” I echoed. “Bella! You should have told us sooner. I can’t
believe we didn’t know.”

“I can show you, if you like,” said Annabelle. “Drew, you might want to
go outside for this. I know you’re squeamish.”

He looked only too glad to go, his face bearing a sickly yellowish cast.

Annabelle offered me her phone, the screen open to a picture of a fatty
mass displayed on a paper sheet. It was vaguely kidney shaped, having
been cut open to reveal sprigs of wet black hair, the viscous blobs of
rudimentary eyes. The studs of white teeth, pressed in deep.

“It’s a teratoma,” said Annabelle factually. “They wouldn’t let me keep
it. Spoilsports. I could have kept it in a jar and put it out for
Hallowe’en.”

I glanced at Annabelle, and she nodded at me, grasping instantly the
thought that was in my head.

“So you believe it now,” I said. “All this about Liana.”

It wasn’t a question; I knew. Andrew had told his sister everything some
weeks before, and though Annabelle had resisted him I’d felt her pulling
away from me, piece by piece.

“I can’t come back home, now,” she said gently. “I want kids of my own,
one day. I can’t risk my health. Not now mum’s getting on. I want to be
around to look after her. Are you going to be alright on your own?”

I peered down into the foul black coffee Andrew and I had gotten from a
battered machine further down the ward. The look of it alone made me
ill.

“Honestly, though,” said Annabelle. “What are you going to do about the
baby?”

“Look after her,” I said limply. “It’s what I’m supposed to do, isn’t
it?”

Andrew became even more withdrawn, which I could hardly blame him for.
But then there were other, new behaviours; pacing the bedroom at night,
vanishing at odd hours—friends had seen him parked up at the roadside or
in remote streets, his head in his hands.

I wanted him to see a doctor, but I could see by now that it would do
nothing to help him. As long as the child was in the house with us he
would suffer.

I didn’t know what to do. Though I was convinced by now that Liana was
hurting the people around us I still loved my daughter. I didn’t want to
give her away—couldn’t, anyway, having an idea now of what she was
capable of.

Sometimes when Andrew was at work I’d sit opposite the child as she ate
mechanically with a plastic spoon or stared, flat eyed, at the
television. Watching her. Trying to reach her.

“Why?” I’d ask. “Why are you doing this to us? What have we done?”

Her weird foggy eyes would drift across me, impassive, and she’d go back
to doing whatever it was that I’d given her to do.

I knew why she was cruel, or thought I did. She wasn’t human, and had
never been; she had been changing everyone around her even before she
was born.

I, who had been made from the hair spell, was alone immune. Perhaps the
child felt something like love for me, if she could feel at all. You
could never tell with her. Her face was like a glass mask, cold and
inflexible. You could only see as far inside it as she’d let you.

I was afraid of what she’d be when she grew older. What a child that was
without morals or boundaries would do in response to the merest
irritation, not even an insult.

I started to sleep badly, too.

In the mornings I’d lie in bed for hours, knowing the child would be
waiting indifferently for me to tend to her.

Then, one day, when I went into Liana’s room to get her up I found her
crib empty. I wasn’t immediately alarmed; she’d started climbing out of
it by then and going around the house on aimless patrols sometimes
before anyone else was awake. Quickly I realised that she was not at
home, however, having gone through every room, calling her name.

Immediately I tried to call Andrew, but he wouldn’t answer the phone no
matter how many times I attempted to get through, no matter the amount
or urgency of the messages I sent to him.

He had left early to go to the office; I vaguely remembered him getting
out of bed and shuffling around the room, tucking the blankets in around
me. Loving, the way he was before the child.

I went back to look in the crib and noticed that Liana’s blanket was
missing. A small thing, but I saw, then, what had happened. That my
husband had gotten up early, wrapped the child up in a tight swaddle so
that he wouldn’t have to touch her, and had taken her away somewhere.

Shock hit me with such force that I could only lean against the wall,
cooling my face against the plaster. Then I went for my phone again and
called the police.

I don’t know what I told them—that my husband was ill, that he couldn’t
be trusted with our daughter, that he might hurt her or himself, or give
her away to a stranger. Perhaps I said all of it. The entire
conversation was out of my head as soon as it was over.

I sat in the kitchen drinking coffee in numberless cups. My head
pounded. My eyes swam.

Whatever my daughter was, she had come from me. I had made her. We were
the same. I had always been quiet, as she was. Happy with simple things,
away from people and the world. In some ways I understood her, this
strange monster. She was from a land of elf kings and drakes, not this
one at all.

Then again, she would have been hated wherever she was.

The police came to my door around midday, a male and female officer.
Both looked too young to be delivering the news that my husband was
dead, having jumped from the roof of his office building, seemingly with
our child in his arms. Yet though witnesses had seen her with him as
he’d stepped into the elevator, and security footage would later be
recovered proving the point, she would only ever be classed as a missing
person, in a legal sense, at least.

Though Andrew’s body was found, shattered by the fall, no infant had
been discovered with him, which the officers had shamefully admitted
with the assurance that they would keep up the search.

I knew that they wouldn’t find her; I had already begun to grieve. There
was relief there, as well, a secret I’d keep to myself. Who could I
tell? Who would understand?

Annabelle was the only person I thought I could speak to, but she would
close up against me after Andrew’s funeral, repelled by what we both
understood had happened, and glad to move on from it all.

There had been only one thing found alongside Andrew’s corpse—not my
daughter, as I had been firmly assured, but a wet tangle of reddish dark
hair with white teeth embedded in it. The quivering grey balls of eyes.

The weird mass had reportedly moved when witnesses had approached, but
by the time the authorities arrived at the scene it was no longer there.

Perhaps it had crawled away somewhere to die, or crows and magpies had
picked at it, taking the eyes for their children to eat, the teeth as
treasure, hair for their nests. But I felt in my womb that my child was
gone, just as though she’d never been born to begin with.
