when my mom died, it was rough on everyone. especially my dad, which was
to be expected but it hit him harder than anyone thought it would. mom
had a good cushy government job and her old coworkers saw dad was
struggling so they offered him a job. after that life began to get
better but life never felt the same, there was always a heavy dread in
the house when it got quite.

maybe a year or two into dads new job he said he was gonna go on a work
trip for a week or two, nothing crazy. the two weeks went by perfectly
fine, nothing spooky, nothing to write a story about. but when dad came
home is when things were different.

I didn’t notice anything at first, just thought he was feeling down or
just a little stiff from the plane ride. but after a month I couldn’t
ignore the oddities in his life. it may seem nitpicking but it was very
small things, the way he held his fork, what he put in his daily coffee,
not wanting to go to his childhood friends get togethers anymore.

So one night, I brought it up to him. “Dad, you been feeling ok?” “of
coarse champ, haven’t felt better!” he said in a overly cheery attitude
“you sure, you’ve just been acting odd since you came back from that
work trip” after I said that my dads smile plummeted into a stiff,
emotionless stare. “what do you mean, champ.” he said champ as if it
were a threat “ya know never mind, I’m kinda full I think I’m gonna go
finish my homework” dad just stared at me.

As I stood up to go up to my room I kept looking back to see if he would
Atleast acknowledge me leaving. when I got to the stairs I looked back
towards him “goodnight dad” he twitched his eye towards me and slowly
turned his neck as if it was forced. “love ya” after I said that dad
went back to eating dinner, the same stiff grip he had on the fork since
I brought up his change.

after that dinner, nothing much happened. life was more normal than
before, even dad started to act normal again. but one day he changed
again. I walked down stairs, packed my lunch, was ready to go to school
and before I left, dad started to talk. “see ya later champ, have a good
day at school” which wasn’t out of the ordinary, he normally said
goodbye to me before school but when he said it, he was staring straight
out the kitchen window, not even tilting his head towards me. so I just
walked out the door and started walking to school, but when I looked
back at the house, he was just in the window, staring at me with that
happy go get em smile like you see in 1950’s trad wife magazine.

later that night was my breaking point. I woke up to take a drink from
my water glass when I noticed there was a grey pillar in my room, than I
focused more into it than realized my door was cracked open, and then
finally I saw my dad. He was staring at me through the crack in the
door, just wide enough for me to see his eye and the edge of the smile
he had on his face. “Dad?” I said “dad what are you doing?” He stood
there, unresponsive for minutes than he said “just checking up on ya
champ” the response isnt what scared me, it’s the fact his mouth didn’t
move when he said it. That flat smile with only the edges curving up,
never flinched so a word could squeak out.

after he said that he slowly step back away from the door, but didn’t
close it. Then I saw his hand creep towards the door handle and grip the
handle so tightly I either thought it would bend or break his hand, than
he closed the door with the slightest “tik ch”. after he closed the door
I could hear him breathing out side my door, very steadily. i Didn’t
sleep at all that night, when the sun came up I could see his shadow
sitting in front of my door. I packed my stuff, messaged my friend, and
picked up and hauled ass though the front door.

I could hear my dad yelling “Champ! Come on Champ you don’t need to do
this!”. I didn’t look back once and leaped into my friends car before
dad could sprint out the house towards the car with both of his fists
clinched like they were stones.

I’ve officially moved out from my dad’s house since, every major holiday
i get a holiday card that reads like “come for some family fun, champ“.
I’ve never gone, and I don’t have plans to ever see my dad, or what’s
left of him ever again.
