“Hey,” he says, leaning in the doorway. “Welcome back home.”

I recognize the hoodie before I recognize him. Ragged and stained by the
decades, the lettering is still legible — Class of ’09.

“Hi,” I say, sitting up in bed.

Fear rumbles in the nether regions of my mind, but it never truly
connects.

“It’s been a while,” he says, taking a step towards me. The building is
old, but the floor doesn’t creak. “What brings you back to Poprad?
Visiting the family?”

“A funeral.”

“Oh.” Another soundless step. The air in the room turns frigid. “Who
died?”

I open my mouth, but no words come out. Dazed with sleep and stress, my
mind struggles to make sense of things. Stefan bursts out laughing.

“I’m messing with you, cousin. Appreciate you coming. Wish the
circumstances were different.”

Another silent step. The moonlight catches his face. Sunken eyes and
crooked nose and pallid skin. The years have made their mark.

“Airbnb, huh?” He produces a crumpled pack of Startky out of his
sweatpants. “Is there a no smoking policy?”

“Does it matter?” I ask.

Stefan grins. Some of the teeth are missing. None of them are healthy.

He lights up and offers me one.

“I quit,” I say. “About five years back.”

“Good on you. I tried a couple times, but could never last more than a
day or two.” The puff of smoke is thicker than it should be. It almost
obscures his crooked smile. “Y’know, addictive personality and all.”

“How…” the words still struggle in my throat. “How are you?”

“Dead.” For a moment, the smile disappears. For a moment, Stefan’s pale
face looks as it should. Then, his usual smile returns. “But heaven’s
nice. Real tranquil. Real bright. There’s little cherubs with harps and
shit.”

“Oh,” I say, noticing puffs of steam coming from my mouth. “I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be. Went off on a high note. A really high note.” With another
chuckle, Stefan strides past me to the window. He reeks of old sweat and
burnt plastic. Stefan smokes and watches the street outside and then, as
if it was of no consequence at all, he asks:

“Is Anna coming?”

“Yeah,” I say, pulling up the covers to escape the cold. “Her flight
gets in tomorrow.”

“She married?”

“I don’t think so.”

He says nothing. He just ashes his cigarette on the windowsill.

“And you?” Stefan finally asks, getting bored of the window. He makes
his way across the room, picks up my discarded pants and fishes out my
wallet. “Wife? Kids? Sorry, haven’t had a chance to catch up. Been real
busy.”

“No wife. No kids. There was a girl I was seeing for a couple of years
but… No wife. No kids.”

Stefan doesn’t listen. His focus is solely on my wallet.

“Organ donor,” he says. “Neat.”

I let him rifle through my loyalty cards and health insurance. The sleep
fully leaves my eyes and I realize he can do no harm anymore.

“Hey,” he says. “Could I borrow twenty euros?”

“For what?”

His brow furrows. The single gesture ages him well beyond his years.

“Heaven is nice. Real nice. Little babies with harps and all. I could
just use some cash.”

“For what?”

“Does it matter?”

“I guess it doesn’t.”

He plucks the blue note out of my wallet and then deposits it back in my
pants.

“Thanks Sam,” he says, making his way back to the door. “I’ll see you
soon.”

Before I have a chance to respond, I wake to an overcast morning. The
cold and the smell of burnt plastic is gone, but I find myself craving a
cigarette.

 

I meet Anna at the airport. When we first embrace in the arrivals
lounge, things seem casual. Happy, even. The fact that we’re both in
town for a funeral isn’t lost to us, but it is obscured. There’s a sort
of giddiness that comes from seeing a familiar face aged. As we make our
way to the taxi stand, however, Stefan’s death bubbles up.

By the time we’re outside, conversation dies down. As we get in the car,
Anna goes silent. I can see the tears gathering at the edge of her eyes.
The sobs come out dark and heavy.

“I dreamt about him on the plane,” she says. “I haven’t slept a wink
since his mother called me. Moment I close my eyes on the flight though
— he’s there. Smoking.”

I think of telling her about my midnight encounter with Stefan and how
my wallet feels lighter, but I don’t. Instead, I reach as far as the
safety belt will allow me and run my hand across her back. The more she
cries, the louder the radio gets.

The family invites us for lunch, but we don’t go. Anna says she needs
the fresh air and I have my own reasons for limiting familial sit downs.
After she drops off her bags at the Airbnb we go over to the train
station park where we used to hang out after school.

The vagrants which fill the park are an uneasy sight, but they are
nothing new. As we stroll, we catch each other up on the minutia of the
past decade. We’ve both aged, but she’s aged more gracefully. Her nose
still scrunches up when she smiles. Her laugh hasn’t changed one bit.

We sit on a bench in the park and talk about prom. About how we got too
drunk. About how we broke into the water park and how Anna’s neighbor
almost fell asleep there. About how we’d die if we drank half as much as
we did now.

“Do you remember this bench?” she asks, after a long moment.

“I don’t think so.”

“First cigarette.”

Summer of sixth grade. The three of us. Blue L&Ms. That nicotine rush.

“Oh man,” I say. And for a moment, I am a head shorter and it’s a sunny
afternoon.

She breaks me out of my trance with a pack of cigarettes.

“You smoke again?” I ask.

“Quit when I went to the UK. Picked it up again on Saturday.”

The packaging is unfamiliar, but it reads L&M. I consider telling her
that I quit too, but I just take one. I take it as pouring whiskey on
Stefan’s as yet unoccupied grave.

The packaging is different. As is the actual cigarette. Yet it all feels
the same.

“Sam,” she says, after a quiet moment. “I don’t want to see her
tomorrow.”

“Aunt Viera?”

She blows out the smoke hard and nods. “She kept calling me after I
moved. ‘Oh, Stefan misses you, when are you coming back home?’ I told
her we were broken up. So many times. She’d still call me at least once
a year.”

“She’s a lot,” I say, because she is.

 

When I go visit Stefan’s mother, the house is already crawling with
family. Fortunately, the clan is drunk enough to be tolerable. Aunt
Viera meets me in the hall reeking of wine and cheap perfume. She
pinches my face and tells me how I’ve grown and how I don’t spend enough
time with family anymore.

The apartment feels smaller than when I was a child, cramped even. Aunt
Viera hasn’t changed the least bit. Her hands are still covered in gaudy
rings, her voice as nasally as ever and age has not leeched on her manic
energy. The years have hit my hairline hard, but they have completely
spared her.

Aunt Viera asks me about Anna. When I tell her she’s sleeping at the
Airbnb after her flight, she says something about the Brits stealing
away her manners. She then, with suddenly shuddering voice, proclaims
that maybe Stefan would still be alive if she hadn’t left.

I consider telling her that’s an unfair thing to say, but I don’t. Her
eyes are already glazed and I know there’s nothing I can say to the
woman to change her. Instead, I give her a hug and let her pour me a
glass of wine.

When I get back to the apartment, I am drunk. Anna is fast asleep on the
bed. Aside from the couch, there’s nowhere else for me to lay. In the
suddenness of the trip, we never discussed sleeping arrangements. For a
moment I consider crawling under the covers with her, but I trust
neither myself nor the situation. I gently pull away one of the blankets
and take a pillow to the couch.

Before sleep fully embraces me, I sense a shiver in my arms. The room’s
temperature drops.

“How was she?” I hear his feet prop up on the table.

“Your mom?”

“Yeah.”

I take a deep breath and immediately regret it. The room smells rancid.

“All things considered, she’s holding up,” I finally say.

“Drunk?”

“A bit,” I say, sitting up on the couch and opening my eyes. “But
everyone was.”

He looks worse than he looked the night before. The skin is sallow. His
voice is strained. When our eyes meet, I notice a familiar twitch in
his. When Stefan notices me noticing, he gets up.

“It’d be ironic if they had a sober one for me, eh?” he says, before
turning his attention to the bookshelf. His movements are jerky and
unbalanced. Stefan grabs something off the shelf and begins studying it.
“Think this is worth any cash?”

A statuette of a Goral sheep herder. Possibly bronze, but most likely of
cheaper stuff. Stefan trails the edges of the herder’s long brimmed hat
with his hands. I can see them shaking from across the room.

“No idea,” I say, watching him busy himself with the statuette. “How’s
heaven?”

Stefan taps his finger on the sheep herder’s upraised ax. He seems to be
testing whether the metal will break the skin. Then, finally,
noncommittally he says: “It’s nice. Real peaceful. It’s just…
expensive.”

“Expensive?” I ask, “What are you paying for?”

He places the statuette back on the bookshelf, slowly, keeping the
tremors at bay. Then he lights up a cigarette. Stefan keeps his back
towards me. “Food,” he finally says.

“Food? What kind of food?”

“Heaven food,” he says, breathing out a gust of steam and smoke. “Why
aren’t you sleeping in the bedroom?”

“Anna’s there.”

“So?”

He smiles wide. There’s genuine camaraderie in his eyes, but I can only
focus on his teeth. There’s less of them. They look even sicker.

“We broke up a while ago, cousin,” Stefan says, still grinning. “Don’t
let me get in the way.”

 

When I wake, the Goral statue is no longer on the bookshelf. I never
paid any attention to it before. I start to wonder whether I hadn’t just
dreamed it up. Over coffee, I ask Anna if she noticed the statuette. She
says she hasn’t. Her mind is elsewhere.

I drop the topic. There are more important things to contend with.

Before the ceremony, immediate family is allowed time with the body. I
hang in the back of the room and let Aunt Viera have her final moments
with her son. The sobs are loud and ugly and give me gooseflesh. When
she’s finally finished, she collapses in a nearby chair and continues to
weep. Other members of the family try to console her, but it’s no use.
As she shambles by me, I notice her hands are free of the usual tacky
jewelry she wears.

Stefan looks at peace. That is to say, he looks nothing like he did when
alive.

He’s wearing a suit he’d never wear. His skin is powdered healthy. His
hair is combed. There’s the slightest bit of a Mona Lisa smile on his
face. From the edge of his lips, I can see the faintest trace of thread.
For a moment, I wonder what his teeth look like and whether they’re even
inside of his skull.

“Goodbye, Stefan,” I whisper, even though I am pretty certain he can’t
hear me.

Though Stefan died in his 30s, all the eulogies are for his younger
self. They speak of childhood and school and the day he was born. No
mention of him as an adult. No mention of the drugs, obviously. Anyone
who had met him in the past five years knew, in one way or another, how
the story would end, sooner than later.

The priest takes the stage. He speaks of Stefan in broad terms. He
speaks of how his corporeal body may be gone, but that a part of him
lives on. In our minds, in our hearts, in the great ether of the unknown
— Stefan lives on. As the generalities pile up, I wonder, with a shiver,
which parts of Stefan’s soul outlasted the mortal coil.

I stand with the rest of the family after mass. I stand at the end of
the row, fielding handshakes from uncles and aunts who I can’t recall,
confident in the idea that they can’t recall me either. After the first
wave of well-wishers, the old class starts to appear. High-school
friends and enemies and acquaintances, all wrinkled and creased and
bloated and balding with age.

Anna is the last in line. Aunt Viera consumes her in a massive bear hug,
but I can tell neither of them are comfortable. When Anna comes to shake
my hand, she doesn’t say anything. Before Stefan’s body is put into the
ground, we sneak off for a cigarette behind the church.

The kár is held at a restaurant a short walk from the cemetery. There’s
food, but no one seems particularly hungry. Instead, the well-wishers
float towards the table with the liquor. The first couple of toasts are
drank by family and old classmates alike, yet as the alcohol starts to
flow and speech turns too candid, the class of ’09 retreats to their own
grieving. Anna and I stay with the family, but eventually we tire of
talking about Stefan’s childhood and join the rest of the old class.

We’re welcome into the group, warmly, yet there is an undercurrent of
distaste. She left for the UK. I left for Prague. Multiple times we are
asked if we aren’t “too good for Poprad” and any opportunity to make us
seem like snobs isn’t missed. Digs aside, it’s good to see familiar
faces. Once the funeral itself starts to die down, those without
children move towards a less morose venue. A dozen of us go to one of
the pubs we used to frequent as youths.

Back in high-school, Robert, or Robo as we’d call him, used to smell
like stale sweat and had no control of his liquor intake. Even with a
suit and a coating of gray hairs, he hasn’t changed one bit.

“The damn bastard borrowed some tools and never gave them back. I’m over
it. Thou shall not speak ill of the dead and all.” No one winces. Stefan
not returning something borrowed is as expected as the sunrise. It’s
what he says next that chills the room.

“But I’ve been having these dreams,” Robo says, shifting in his seat.
“Every night since he went. Every single night. He shows up by my bed.
He tells me what a good friend I’ve been and bygones be bygones and…”

“… he asks for money,” Anna says.

“Damn right he asks for money! Classic Stef!” Robo chuckles to himself
and takes a healthy swig of his beer. “Eternal beggar. Eternal, charming
beggar. Were he here, I’d buy him a round. To Stefan!”

Robo is too drunk to read the room. He is too drunk to realize he isn’t
the only who’s been having dreams about Stefan.

 

“Do you think the priest was right?” she asks, as we stroll down
Poprad’s lamplit streets towards the Airbnb. “About a part of us living
on after we die.”

“Maybe,” I say, sucking on a cigarette I promised myself I wouldn’t
smoke. “Question is, which part.”

On the way back home, we stop by a convenience store and grab a bottle
of wine. We plan to drink it in the Airbnb, but the night is warm and
both of us are trying to soak in our old home before going to our new
ones. Though the train station vagrants are considerably more
frightening after sundown, we end up in the same park and on the same
bench.

“I had my first kiss here,” she says, taking a drag of the wine.

“Stefan?” There’s a flutter in my voice I don’t like.

“Yeah,” she says, and I kick the gravel beneath the bench. There’s only
two of us sitting, but I feel like a third wheel. The sensation is
awfully nostalgic.

A cold gust blows through the trees. We move closer together.

“You ever miss this place?” she asks.

“Poprad? I don’t know. Prague’s something else. Definitely enjoy the
peace and quiet and mountain air here though.” The wine is cheap and
scratches its way down my throat. In the swill, however, I find a grain
of truth. “I do miss the people though.”

Another cold gust of wind. We move even closer together.

“What about you?” My voice flutters once more. “Do you miss this place?”

She doesn’t respond. Her eyes just hold mine and twinkle in the
lamplight.

 

“Cousin, I must say, I’m disappointed.”

He leans in the doorway. His posture appears relaxed, but I can see him
clawing at the frame. There’s something deeply wrong with Stefan, beyond
the fact that he’s dead.

“Successful, smart, charming, pretty. I wasn’t ever good enough for her.
I was a fluke,” he says, soundlessly moving across the bedroom. “You, on
the other hand. You, my up-and-coming Praguer…”

She wouldn’t let me sleep on the couch. Either I was to join her, or she
would sleep on the couch herself. Though we share a bed, there’s a
no-man’s land between us that seems to stretch on for miles. When I sit
up, I do my best not to wake her.

“What are you doing?” I ask, as I see him reach down for my pants.

“Questioning my cousin’s choices,” he says, grinning that incomplete
smile. “She’s right there. She likes you. Always did. I can go if you
want. That is, unless, you want me to watch.”

“What are you doing with my wallet?”

The smile fades. Stefan looks at me with bloodshot, twitching eyes. He
chews on his cracked lips.

“You don’t sleep when you’re dead, cousin,” he says. “You don’t sleep at
all.”

“Put down the wallet, Stefan.”

He doesn’t. He grips the leather tight in his clawed fingers.

“Cousin,” he says. “The food’s real expensive here.”

“Put it down.”

For a moment I fear that he will leap at me, that this horrid remnant of
my cousin will turn violent and mean me harm. He stands there, staring,
letting the air get colder and colder until, finally, he lets the wallet
drop.

“You’d think dying would make it easier,” he says, his voice reaching an
exhausted, dark tenor. “It doesn’t.”

 

When I wake, she’s still asleep. Her purse is in the living room, though
I’m certain she took it with her to the bedroom when we came home. It
looks rifled through. As if someone was digging through it.

I find my wallet where Stefan had left it. There’s a lingering smell of
sickness around it. I also find, almost imperceptible, scratches in the
leather. Slowly, one by one, I take out my loyalty cards and IDs. Then,
I go over to the kitchen and dispose of the wallet in the trash.

The smell and scratches are unsettling, but what haunts me the most is
that the wallet has been pilfered of all its cash.

 
