This is a true story, I can provide links to his obituary if needed.

My dad was around 25 years old and had just started his own well
drilling company. It was hard, dangerous, manual labor, and he
eventually hired his brother and his brother’s friend, Peter. It’s the
type of job you can’t and shouldn’t work alone. Peter was an odd guy,
but he was a hard worker. He had told my dad about the abuse he had
suffered throughout his childhood. Nowadays my dad jokes about the
trauma but I know deep inside Peter’s confession haunts him. He carried
a lot of trauma with him, and he had scars across his throat from
previous suicide attempts. But at the time, he seemed to be doing
better. He had a child, a job, and appeared to be trying to turn his
life around.

My dad was the kind of boss who tried to help his employees however he
could. If someone didn’t have a reliable way to get to work, he would
let them use one of the company trucks. Peter came from a lower income
background, so my dad allowed him to use one. We’re from Massachusetts
so there’s quite the class stigma unfortunately. Then came the last time
my dad ever saw him alive. My dad happened to drive past Peter’s house
one day and saw him outside. He didn’t live far from my dad’s house. He
stopped to talk and asked what he was doing that weekend. Peter smiled
while watching his child play in the yard.He told my dad he’d probably
do some laundry and that he’d see him Monday.

That night, my dad had a dream about Peter. And it wasn’t a normal
dream. Peter was simply standing there, staring directly at him. Cold
distant eyes My dad remembers the dream vividly to this day because of
how deeply it frightened him. Then Monday came.Peter never showed up to
work. Neither did he for the rest of the week.And then my dad realized
something the truck was also gone with him. Peter’s wife didn’t seem
particularly concerned. She already had another man staying at the
house, and my dad actually had to convince her to file a missing person
report. Weeks passed. It was the middle of July in Massachusetts, with
temperatures climbing above 90°F.
Then, about four weeks later, my dad got a call from the police. They
had found the truck. It was abandoned down a dirt road, deep in the
woods. But Peter was inside. Long dead. A dryer hose had been attached
to the vehicle, and after weeks of sitting in the summer heat, his body
had decomposed so badly that it had essentially become fused with the
seats. The police asked my dad if he wanted the truck back. He said no.
He never wanted to see it again. But that wasn’t the end of the story. A
few months later, my father’s brother died too. Horrific car accident,
couldn’t even have an open casket. And my dad still remembers that
dream. Peter standing there.Staring at him. My dad believes to this day
that the dream was somehow a warning not only about Peter, but about
what was still to come in regard to my Dads brother.. my uncle. I’m 24
now my uncle died at 24, Peter died at 28, it makes you realize that
life can be gone in an instant. Makes me appreciate the little things.
