Something strange happened that night when I was driving home. It was
the same drive I took every night. I was working late and finally ready
to leave. I waved goodbye to my coworker Jeff and said goodnight. My
commute was only about half an hour. Not too bad all things considered;
never much traffic either, just a couple of traffic lights and then
straight down a country road.

While I was driving out of the parking lot, I got a call. It was from my
ex-girlfriend Jessica. It was strange, because she hadn’t contacted me
in almost a year. I was glad I got the call before I made it too far
down the road, where I lost service. Living out in the country sucks for
reception, and until I get home, I have no service.

I pulled over and answered the call. Before I could even say hello, she
cut me off, sounding genuinely scared,

“Please, you need to help. I can’t reach anyone else. I need you to pick
me up at the Cyprus Street bus station as soon as you can get here!”

I tried to respond, but the line went dead. I called her back, asking
what was going on, but she didn’t pick up. I was surprised she would be
calling me if she needed help and confused why, if it was urgent or she
was in danger, that she wouldn’t call 911. I couldn’t risk ignoring it,
though. If she really needed help, I had to do something. I turned
around and took a detour down to Cyprus Street to try and find her.

I got there in good time and started searching for any bus stops until I
found one.

Sure enough, there she was. Jessica was sitting alone at the bus stop.
She was wearing a large coat, but seemingly shivering out in the night.

She was still seated and didn’t appear to be in immediate danger.

I pulled up to the curb by the bus stop and called out,

“Jess?”

At first she didn’t answer, and I was embarrassed I might have made a
mistake, but then suddenly she turned towards me and had a strange,
confused look like she was just remembering something.

She stood up and slowly walked over to my car.

I was relieved it was her, and I called out again,

“What’s wrong, Jess? Did you just need a lift? I don’t know if the red
line comes through this late on a Thursday. Are you alright? You sounded
really nervous earlier and wouldn’t pick up when I called you back.”

She still looked confused, and I was worried something was wrong, but
she suddenly smiled, as if remembering something that made her happy,
and she regarded me.

“Oh, thank you. I’m not sure how I got here. Please take me…home.”

Without another word, she shuffled over to the passenger side and let
herself in. The way she moved seemed irregular, not quite like she was
drunk, but just an odd, pained movement, like she might be hurt, yet her
expression showed no signs of discomfort at all. The effect was a little
jarring, and after she got in my car I suddenly felt a bit unnerved.

I brushed it off, though; after all, we had dated for three years, and
we knew each other pretty well. I figured maybe she was just having a
bad night, or perhaps even a bit drunk, though I didn’t smell anything
on her.

I tried to act casual and smiled. She returned the gesture in a strange
half smile, half grimace,

“So, where to?” I asked again. She just sat there, still smiling faintly
and looking at me, or rather staring. She continued for nearly thirty
seconds, and it felt like she was staring a hole into me. I cleared my
throat and asked again,

“Ah, Jess? Jessica, where did you need to go? What did you call me for?”

“Oh, called you, I…called you?” She paused, looking confused, then
continued,

“Home, take me…home with you. I need help.”

She looked like she was ready to cry, and my sympathy in the moment
prevented me from considering how oddly she was acting and the strange
way she was speaking.

I decided I would start heading home and, along the way, try to see what
was really going on.

We drove on for a while, and she didn’t offer any details. She didn’t
talk about anything unless I asked her directly. She just alternated
between staring outside, or worse, when she thought I wasn’t looking at
her, she would stare at me. The way she looked at me made me
uncomfortable; we had spent so much time together, but whatever was
wrong with her now made her look at me as if I were an alien she was
studying.

“What actually happened tonight, Jess? What’s wrong? This is kind of
strange, you calling me after all this time.” I asked her honestly. She
looked at me again, her head tilted, like a bird examining prey, then
she replied,

“I was… I was attacked. Caught, someone…caught me, hurt me. I will get
help tomorrow, but tonight, I just needed a… face…a familiar…face.”

I nodded my head and focused on the road. I missed my turn; I had a bad
feeling about taking her home in this state; something was off.

As we drove on, she seemed to settle in, and her head lolled back,
almost like she was nodding off to sleep. I considered that she might
have suffered a head injury or something, which would help explain the
odd behaviour.

I thought it might be good to take her to a hospital just to have her
checked out. She started making odd noises while I thought she was
asleep, strange hissing sounds which had to be intentional; I never
heard someone snore like that before.

I decided to turn around and start heading back into town. Either I
could take her to the hospital, or back to her own home.

She stayed in the strange sleeping trance for a while. A few times I was
worried because I couldn’t hear her breathing anymore. But she suddenly
exhaled and made more of those strange sounds.

When I got back into town and my reception returned, I received a text,
or rather a handful of them. I glanced at my phone quickly without
wanting to take my eyes off the road for too long. I was confused when I
saw they were from Jessica. I thought for a moment she might be pulling
some prank where she pretends to be asleep and then messages me. I was
curious how she could do that while looking like she was unconscious.

I slowed down a little bit and confirmed the empty road and then pulled
up the messages just to see. What I read made my blood freeze. The first
one came shortly after I picked Jessica up.

“Where are you? Please, I need help. I can’t say much, and you will
think I’m crazy, but I can’t go to the police. I just need to get out of
here before it comes back. Something is after me. It looked like a cop
earlier. I saw it again, and I had to hide. It tried to kill me! After
it attacked me, it changed. You have to believe me, it…it looks like
me!”

The message ended, and I read the next one.

“I’m sorry, I don’t know where it went. I don’t see you here. Please
hurry.”

I read the final message, sent just a few minutes ago,

“I need to leave. I hope you are okay. I’m sorry, I never should have
asked you to come and get me tonight. I was just so scared. It’s better
if you stay away; it’s not safe. Forget I called you. Don’t come here,
and if you see me waiting, turn away; I know it sounds insane, but it’s
not really me.”

I glanced over to the woman sleeping next to me. Her head was slumped
forward, but her eyes were fluttering under her lids like REM sleep.

I had no idea what was really happening, but if I wanted to believe
Jess, then I had to accept that the person sitting next to me was not
only not really her, but was a violent monster. Whatever was happening,
I had to get her out of my car. I had an idea.

I stopped at a gas station, and she woke up as I was parking.

She turned over, cracked her neck in an awkward stretch that sounded
horrifically painful, but seemed not to cause her discomfort, and asked,

“Are we home? I’m so hungry.” I held my nerve and lied,

“Yes, we are. I can get you something inside. Come on, let’s go in, and
I can get you a bite to eat.”

She scrutinized me, and for a second I thought she could see through the
ruse, but her head cocked and she gave an unsettling smile. She slowly
opened the car door and stepped out.

She waited for me to get out, but I lunged across the seat and pulled
the door closed and locked it.

The fake smile faded, and my fear that this was just some trick had
fully dissolved. What I saw next was something I can never unsee.

As she raged outside, her face twisted into a nightmarish jumble of
different human features, and an unholy noise emerged that sounded like
a hundred people screaming at once. She pulled so hard on the door that
the handle broke off and part of it buckled. I was not sure that she
wouldn’t be able to rip the entire door off if she tried hard enough. I
put the car in reverse and slammed on the gas, peeling out of there.

I managed to turn around and drive away. I looked in my rearview mirror
and, to my horror, the thing that had once looked like Jessica was right
behind me, sprinting at nearly the speed of the car.

The thing chased me for several blocks, moving so fast I was afraid she
might actually catch up.

I finally lost her, and I struggled to calm myself so I wouldn’t crash.
I was terrified, but I had so many questions. I called Jessica again,
but she didn’t answer. I was afraid something had happened to her. I
even drove back to the bus stop, but as she had said in her message, she
was gone.

I didn’t know what to do, so I finally drove home, after going in a few
circles around town and checking behind me at several intervals to make
sure I wasn’t followed.

I kept trying to reach out to Jesica, but after several days her
voicemail was full, and after a week I found out she had gone missing. I
had a horrible feeling that whatever that thing was had caught up to
her. I was devastated that she was gone, but also terrified that
whatever it was knew who I was now too.

I ended up moving away; I couldn’t bear the idea of living near where
such a thing existed. I couldn’t find any information on what it was or
how Jessica had found it, but all I knew was it was real, and it was
still out there.

After enough time had passed, I felt a bit safer. I thought that since I
had put enough distance between us, things would be alright.

That all changed after the call I received last night.

I got a message from a familiar number. It was my old co-worker Jeff. I
asked him why he was calling, and he started laughing,

“What do you mean? You said you would come over for the party; I saw you
last night. You seemed a little drunk, but I figured you would remember
agreeing to come over and say hi to everyone again. It’s been so long; I
just wanted to remind you to BYOB, see ya there.”

He said goodbye, and I held the phone next to my ear in shock. The call
had ended, and I was speechless.

I sit here now, terrified of what is happening back home. There is only
one way they could have seen me there. That thing…was back. It’s there;
it’s hunting.

I have to call and tell everyone. They have to believe me; they have to
know that if they see me, it’s not really me and it’s not safe!
