So it’s a bit of a long story, but I broke up with my ex after I came
out to him as non binary and he didn’t react well. Actually I told him
to take it or leave it, but he didn’t have the guts to leave and instead
tried to control every step of my transition down to what hair cut I
got. So I left him, to be my true self. And after some reflecting on the
relationship I realized he also didn’t really understand, or maybe just
didn’t care about my consent. Hind sight is 20/20 though. 🤷🏻

I was happy, and then I got a Facebook invite from his mom?? I declined
it and continued living my life. And then one of his old friends
contacted me and asked what was going on with him. I probably would’ve
left it alone but I’d broken up with him before and he got a mutual
friend involved to convince me to reconsider, and I ended up taking him
back(it was a mistake) so I decided to contact his sister because I
didn’t want to unblock him, and I told her to pass along the message
that I wanna be left alone, I want his friends and family to stop
contacting me, and under no circumstances would I be taking him back.

This was months ago, and after that I didn’t hear from him, until an old
mutual friend contacted me on fb a month ago. She was saying hello and I
hadn’t spoken to her in years so I decided to Exchange pleasantries.
After a bit of small talk she told me to contact him 🤦🏻 I wanted some
closure so I decided I would. It was awful and he was exactly the same
as when I’d left months ago, except maybe his codependency he won’t
address might’ve gotten even worse. If I wasn’t happy about leaving him
before I definitely was after this. Eventually we got into an argument
about trans rights, and HE blocked ME. So you’d think that’d be the end
of it.

But then I started seeing his car around. And I got a letter in his
handwriting telling me if he can’t have me nobody should(cliché much??
🙄) And the other night I thought I heard his voice in my new house, but
he wasn’t there? He shouldn’t even know where I live? Today I noticed a
hole in my wall, like a peep hole? I’m starting to freak out a little,
my dog has been on edge all day and one of my kitchen knives has
disappeared. I tried the police but they were ridiculously unhelpful
because he hasn’t done anything yet. I thought about going to my sisters
but I don’t wanna put her or her kids in danger, and ditto for my best
friend, especially considering he hates my best friend already. (He
blames her for the breakup, even though she didn’t say anything until
AFTER i dumped him) I don’t know what to do, or where I could go that he
wouldn’t follow me. I’m scared
