It’s legal in Michigan now so at least she has that going for her. I’m
in Ohio now, but like barely. Only about 20 minutes from where I grew up
in Michigan. On a double dead-end dirt road, yes both ends are dead.
With a paved main road running through the center towards a larger town
about 45 minutes away.

Besides some very close neighbors in the dead end with us, it is very
isolated. My bus ride to school (called the Cornfield Ghetto by all the
rival schools we played sports against) was nearly 2 hours on all dirt
roads, but the most wild ride happened during summer break 2005. When I
was almost 15.

We had a 1969 3 bedroom trailer in the middle of the woods. It had no
air conditioning no cable or satellite and no cell service. Although I
did have a metallic pink Motorola flip phone, you know the one. Back
when you had to “call me back after 9pm when its free!”

In that trailer I lived with my older brother, Dylan. His girlfriend,
Amy, he later married for 16 years and had 4 children with. My dead beat
step dad who never worked, and is currently in prison, but at least
never hit us, Roy. And of course, my fucking mother. Tara and let me
tell you about that insufferable bitch.

One of my earliest memories in life sums her and my childhood up well.
Sitting on her lap, at 3 years old, in an old farmhouse we lived in for
awhile before it burned down, where I got my first scars. While she
smoked a joint and got a tattoo of Taz from Looney Toons with her
nickname T-N-T on her forearm from a homemade tattoo gun made using a
guitar string for a needle (she pronounces it git-tar).

She’s a short, mouthy rocker chick who had zero business reproducing let
alone raising her offspring. We did all survive to adulthood, but all 3
of us struggle with addiction and very destructive behavior for the
majority of our lives. I’m an 8 years clean recovering H addict and have
cut most of my family off. I’m doing better in life than ever.

There are 3 of us including, my baby sister, Hannah. Tara lost custody
of her to her father at age 2. Sadly she didn’t have it much better
there. My upbringing was a real trailer trash tragedy.

Unsurprisingly Roy & Tara were Michigan pot farmers long before it was
legal. So were all of those close neighbors, it was part of why these
antisocial assholes all lived in relative peace so close together.

That summer Tara was fucking on one. For a few months she would not stop
raving about a dream she kept having. I was a typical teen from a broken
home, angry and angsty I didn’t pay much attention at first. I had
entirely too much of my own shit going on. Smoking, drinking, drugging,
fighting, tormenting a few teen boys, the usual girly things.

I do remember her talking about it quite a bit though. Finally for a
solid 2 weeks she really obsessed about it, recounting it to everyone
around her, there was no ignoring it. Now she wasn’t just having the
dream every few weeks, it was every night. In her dream she saw the
cornfields and woods surrounding the dead end at night, full of police
officers with flash lights and drug dogs searching the area.

She became absolutely convinced there was going to be a big drug bust.
I’m talking this bitch knocked on all 4 neighbors doors and warned them.
In true superstitious, country folk fashion they all believed her, too.
Without much question everyone of these families got their pot crops out
of there. I will never forget Tara answering the door that night, it was
the first time I had ever heard that loud cop knock that they do,
although not the last. I had still been awake, I’ve always been a night
owl. I knew better than to answer the door so late and to such a freaky
knock though.

So I just stood frozen in place in the living room with nothing but the
TV glow playing whatever late night show or infomercial the antenna we
did have had picked up. Tara came flying out of bed, down the hallway
and past me to the front door to answer it. The police officer standing
on our front step asked her “Are you Tara, Dylan’s mother?” She replied
that she was. He then asked “Are John and Jake your nephews”? She told
him that yes, they are. He asked “Have you seen your son or nephews
tonight” she told him that yes, Dylan was in bed. The officer asked her
to go double check and confirm it for him.

She returned shortly after, Dylan and Amy who had been asleep, alongside
her. The officer then asked my brother “Have you seen your cousins John
and Jake tonight” my brother said that he had, but that it had been
hours ago. He asked “What about Dean M.” That was Amy’s brother, theirs
was 1 of the 4 neighboring families, the furthest, just down the road a
few minutes. Dean was my brother’s best friend for years before Dylan
and Amy had begun dating. Dylan said that yes, he had been hanging out
with Dean and our cousins.

The officer said something into his radio too low for me to hear. Next
he asked my brother if the last time he saw them was Dean with our
cousin’s John and Jake. My brother said that yes he had been. This time
I heard what he said into the radio “confirmed, keep looking for the M.
boy’s body”. Tara gasped and Amy started crying.

The officer told us that John had been driving from Michigan back to
Ohio where my cousins lived, with his brother Jake and Amy’s brother
Dean when they had been in a bad car accident. They had gone off road
and struck a tree, flipping the vehicle several times. There were no
other vehicles involved, fortunately. They had of course all been
drinking.

John and Jake were in critical condition, unconscious in the hospital.
Dean’s body had likely been ejected from the vehicle, but not located
yet. Dylan and Amy went with the officer to be with her family. When
they left I crept closer to the door. I stood behind Tara on my tip toes
and peering over her shoulder I knew exactly the scene I was looking at.
It was Tara’s dream.

There were officers with those big mag flashlights and canine units
crawling over the whole area. Police dogs don’t just look for drugs,
they look for cadavers. They didn’t find one that night. When my cousins
came to in the hospital they informed police that Dean had been dropped
off at some poor girl’s place before the accident.

They hadn’t been going back to Ohio yet, after they dropped off Dean
they were just out joy riding and had come back our way. Sure enough
when they went to check he was laid up with the girl whose parents had
had no idea she snuck a boy in until the police went knocking there,
too. Not dead, just hung over and hoein’.

My cousin John who had been driving didn’t get into very much trouble,
not what it could have been. He did get sober for awhile and found
religion. None of our neighbors got into any trouble either, a few weeks
sooner and they would have.

I’ve never known Tara to have any other prophetic dreams or premonitions
before or since. To hear that woman tell it she does all the damn time,
but prophetic or not I don’t listen to that crazy bitch anymore now than
I did in my wild teens.
