When I had to call someone to pick me up from the hospital, my first
thought wasn’t my ex-wife, not my brother, not even my mother–well, she
did live two states away–but good old Billy. And not just because of
optics, either, even though getting hospitalized for an insomnia-induced
accident definitely didn’t sound flattering; it was the kind of
information I’d rather not tell the people closest to me.

Instead, it was because, even though it was three o’clock in the
morning, Billy picked up the phone immediately and said he’d be here in
thirty. 

For all his faults, he was solid as a rock. And, like clockwork, he was
standing by my bed twenty-eight minutes later. Worry pressed his
eyebrows like they were under exceptional gravity, but the first words
he said to me were jovial in tone “Jesus, what the shit did’ya get
yourself into now, Tommy?”

Shit, was it that obvious? I hadn’t been in front of a mirror since the
accident, but Billy’s reaction made me scared to see what I looked like.

“Is it really that bad?” I asked. 

“Half your face is black! Fuck, they even put a bandage around your
head! That’s the corniest kind of bandage you could get,” he said with a
stifled chortle.

“Fuck off,” I said, laughing then immediately suppressing it because it
hurt my head. 

Billy was insistent in his humor, which made it both a blessing and a
curse. There was no off-switch, so you just had to be in the mood. I
wasn’t at all sure if I was.

He sat down on the bench by the bed. “Alright, now tell me what really
happened.”

I shrugged. “Fell down trying to catch a cat.”

“A cat?” he said, and leaned back. It reminded me of the way my
therapist leaned back to write on her notepad whenever I said something
of note; usually something fucked up, something we’d circle back to in a
session or two.

“Well, sort of. I was at work and went outside for a smoke break. Then,
well, I think I heard something, and so I look up and there’s a black
cat on the edge of the roof, its back legs tight like springs. Then the
fella jumped, so I lunged forward, trying to predict where it would
land, and it ended up with me faceplanting on the curb instead.”

“Shit. Was the cat okay?”

“Well, that’s the thing. There was no cat.”

Billy leaned forward. “Huh?”

“It’s embarrassing. I insisted they even check the CCTV footage. God.
There was no fucking cat. I’d hallucinated the whole thing.”

Billy’s face flushed. “You using something?” he asked, the usual jovial
nature of his voice completely gone. 

“Shit, no! Fuck no! Nothing like that. You know I would never.”

He leaned back again, crossing his arms. “Enlighten me, then.”

The fact was that we didn’t really talk about personal stuff when we
hung out. That’s just how typical male relationships tend to be: he
might be like a brother, but you don’t even know the name of the girl he
last dated. Me and Billy’s relationship was no different, and so through
gritted teeth and a pumping heart, I had to explain to him that for the
last couple of weeks, I’d barely slept.

Like, clinically not slept. Full-on insomnia. Probably due to burnout at
work; it was taking me three energy drinks alongside a pack of
cigarettes just to get myself through a shift. I know it sounds ironic,
that I’d need stimulants throughout the day, but it wasn’t that they
kept me unnecessarily awake. Just… aware. Hands on the wheel. Otherwise,
it was like my brain didn’t even really work. I’d lose track of time,
constantly forget what I was doing, and my eyes just wandered aimlessly.
Caffeine and nicotine forced my body to at least go forward, even if it
was running on fumes.

I’d had to stop wearing my smart watch because my resting heart rate had
become scarily high.

And I did try to get help, but the doctors gave me shit advice, and the
pills didn’t work for more than an hour’s worth of sleep. 

“Jesus,” Billy said. “That’s fucked up, man. I’m sorry… I didn’t know.”

“Well, I didn’t tell you, did I?”

He laughed. “Guess not. Anyway, why am I here?”

“Well, the doctors are quite aware of my situation, and would like to
keep me overnight, at least. But I don’t wanna stay. I fucking hate
hospitals. But they won’t let me go alone. Said that I need an escort.”

“Right, right. But–” Billy said, then hesitated for a moment before
continuing, the words coming out slower now. “I get that you don’t like
hospitals, I do. They suck every which way. But maybe there’s a point in
keeping you overnight, no? I mean, they could probably give you
something to knock you out, get some sleep.”  

Then he smiled and looked in my eyes. “Just my two cents here, amigo,
which I feel I’m entitled to, seeing as I gave up my beauty sleep for
this. Pun not intended.”

He was right, in a sense. But mentally, I just couldn’t deal with it.
There wasn’t a pill that would knock me out–they’d pretty much told me
as much–but what they could do is just inject me with something though
the IV. 

I hated that idea more than I hated not sleeping. 

And if I stayed there without drugs, I’d just wallow in pain and anxiety
until they’d find another thing to charge me for. Another thing that
wouldn’t help.

Really, I just wanted to get home. 

“You’re right,” I said. “Mostly, at least. Thing is… I’ve already tried
everything. Pills, yoga, exercise, mindfulness, everything. I don’t
think they can do much more, and–well, I just wanna get home.”

Billy looked around the room and sighed. “Yup, I get it.”

“So you’ll drive me?”

“Sure. But listen, there’s something that might help. I mean, if it’s
really that bad, and you’ve tried everything else.”

What I thought he’d suggest is mushrooms. Reiki. Chamomile tea. Some
bullshit thing that helped someone he knew somewhen. I didn’t want to be
so stubborn in my belief, but I truly did not think there was any quick
fix for my insomnia. Or a long fix. Thinking back on it, I mostly relied
on the idea that, since the insomnia had come out of nowhere, that it
would then go away by itself, too. Like a weird bump you get on your
skin, and then two months later it would be gone. 

The difference, of course, was that any prolonged duration of
semi-hardcore insomnia would have “permanent negative effects, both
mental and physical,” as the doctor had put it. 

“Yeah?” I said, knowing that I did, in fact, owe him enough to at least
listen to what he had to say.

Billy stood up and walked to the window, peeking through the half-open
blinds. The city was almost completely dark outside, except for the odd
constellations of streetlights that were stuck to the ink-black vista
like fireflies in a glue trap.

“This might sound cuckoo, but hear me out,” Billy said, turning to look
at me. “My grandma was a stubborn woman. Never did like doctors or any
other man telling her what to do. But of course, she got sick just like
the rest of us. But somehow she’d always find a way to kind of, I don’t
know, get around it? It’s like, one day she’s coughing up blood, and the
next she’s healthy as a horse.”

“Okay.”

“Yeah, well.” Billy coughed and scratched the back of his head, like he
was gathering his thoughts, or delaying what he wanted to say. “Years
later I asked her how she did it, and she told me about this technique
she had.”

“Uh-huh…”

Billy threw his hands up and said “Aw fuck, I knew you’d look at me like
that.”

“Like what?”

“Like I’m telling you some bullshit. Your eye might be black but it’s
still rolling, man. Just… let me explain. Withhold judgement for like
two minutes.”

“Alright,” I said. “You have my word.”

“Alright, so. She got sick, and then it’d go away. Poof. Never saw a
doctor in her life. And this wasn’t just some misremembered childhood
memory; it happened even as I got older. I got curious, and at some
point I was convinced she’d made a deal with the devil. It was that
fucking weird. But I didn’t wanna bother her about it. That’s until she
got sick and wasn’t getting any better.”

The last words had the timbre of tears. Billy took a second to breathe.

“What happened?” I asked him.

“Cancer.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Thanks,” he said, cracking his knuckles and rolling his shoulders, like
he was getting ready to lift something heavy. “Anyway, she got to be in
such a bad spot that my mum forced her into the hospital. It was the
first time she’d been in one since birth, or at least she said as much.
And I could tell she was dying, that she couldn’t fix this. On what
would become our last visit, I got to have a few minutes alone with her
as mum went out to get us coffee. I couldn’t not ask her, and so I did,
and she told me about the enemy game.”

“It’s a game?” I asked.

“Game, technique, exercise. Whatever. The way it works is that you make
whatever sickness or ailment you’ve got into an enemy: you make it into
something that’s strictly not part of you. And once you do that, you can
fight it, and hopefully defeat it. And if you do, it’s simply gone.”

“Well, shit,” I laughed. “That sounds easy!”

“I guess it does, doesn’t it? Anyway, first off, you need to give it a
name. Any name, just something you can remember.”

“Like, what? Martha?”

“As in Stewart?” Billy said with a snort. “Well, you can call it
whatever, so why not Martha. And then it becomes Martha of Insomnia.”

“Oh, so it gets a last name?” I joked.

“Yup,” he answered, not taking the bait. “Then you go somewhere where
you can be alone. An empty room, a field somewhere, a parking lot if
you’d like. Just as long as nobody else can hear or see you. Then you
just say the magic words, and if it goes right, you’ll fight it, and if
you win, you’ll never see it again.”

“This is the kookiest shit you’ve ever told me,” I said. Then I thought
that he must be joking. “Actually, I think you’re pulling my leg.”

“Shit, man,” Billy puffed out, the words like cracked shields. “All I
know is that my grandma never fucked around, and she really was healthy.
Never saw her sick for more than a day, not even once.”

“Alright, say that what you’re saying is all true, and that she didn’t
just have a good immune system and a lifestyle where she avoided
people–” 

Billy jumped in, “Hey, come on!”

“Let me finish! If what she did worked, then a) what the hell does it
mean to ‘fight’, and b) what happens if you lose?”

Billy shrugged. He was out of stamina, and I could finally see the
tiredness in his eyes, but also the fact that he genuinely believed what
he was saying. It was rude of me to bother him like this, especially
considering he’d come to help me out. 

“I don’t know what fighting means exactly. I’ve never done it. And if
you lose, well, then whatever you were fighting wins.”

“You know how this sounds, right?” I asked him.

“Like a bunch of gobbledygook. Yeah, I know. I shouldn’t have even–”

“Fuck it. I’ll do it,” I said, forcing myself to sit upright on the bed.
What’s them magic words I need to say, then?”

Billy then told me what to say, and then suddenly grew more concerned.
His tone was darker, almost like he was reprimanding me. 

“You sure you want to do this? I mean, maybe it really is bullshit, but
still, some part of me thinks that it isn’t. Just, y’know. Just wanna
make sure you know what you’re getting into.”

“Even you don’t know what I’m getting into, exactly,” I replied with a
smile.

“Yeah. Right.”

“Relax. At this point if they offered me some mystery pill straight out
of Pfizer’s experimental labs, I’d take it just to see if it helped.
This isn’t any different.”

“Anything except the IV, huh?” he asked. Not because he didn’t know, but
because he did. 

“As long as I’m still around to say no.”

To that, he simply nodded in understanding. 

“Well,” I said, “might as well get cracking.”

Billy laughed. “Shit, this has been one weird fucking night, hasn’t it?
Hope this helps you out, though.”

“Hope so too.”

He lifted his hand up, right thumb pointed toward the door. “I’ll just
be out in the hallway, alright? I’ll come back in like, I dunno, ten
minutes if I don’t hear from ya? Otherwise just come get me when you’re
ready and we’ll get the fuck out of dodge. You don’t need to stay here
if you don’t want to.”

I stood up from the bed and took out the needle from the tip of my
finger. My muscles felt a bit weird, but then again things feeling weird
had been my primary state for weeks now. My eye ached, and I wanted to
touch it because I could tell it was swollen, but I didn’t.

Billy watched me long enough to see that I could get up on my feet, and
then walked to the door. Once outside, the door halfway closed already,
he peered in from the crack and said “Good luck, buddy.”

“Thanks for everything. Even this weird grandma-juju.”

He laughed. “No problem, man. Be back in a bit.”

Once the door was closed, I situated myself in the middle of the room. I
breathed in, and breathed out. Then again. Then like seven more times,
just to try and center myself. The night outside played with my eyes, so
I closed them. The fluorescents buzzed above uncomfortably, but those I
couldn’t control.

After clearing my throat, as if I was about to do public speaking, I
said Billy’s magic words.

“Martha of Insomnia, that is your name. I invoke you to play the enemy
game. If I win, you shall leave me be. If I lose, through my eyes you’ll
see.”

The buzz of the fluorescents stopped exactly when I finished saying the
last word. Everything became quiet.

I opened my eyes and the room was dark. There hadn’t even been the
crackle of the lights going out. I looked around, and something felt
wrong. Not just in the room, but everywhere.

My eyes weren’t adjusted to the darkness yet, so I made my steps towards
the door carefully. Once there, I scoured around the doorframe with my
hands, until I hit a panel with a bunch of switches. I turned them all
on–or what I thought was ‘on’–but nothing happened.

Had there been a blackout? Even if there was, hospitals usually had
their own backup generators. Otherwise people would die. But maybe they
had a prioritization system, if such a thing even existed…

To check, I turned around and made my way to the window. The half-open
blinds didn’t reveal much unless you got right up in there like Billy
had. As I followed in his footsteps, panic crept up my throat like a
rough rock squeezing itself through my esophagus. 

At the window, I put my finger between the blinds and bent the thin
metal to form a little peep hole.

The city lights were gone. 

This really was a blackout. 

But there was something in that view that didn’t make sense. It was
almost like… everything was too dark. My eyes had started adjusting to
the darkness–I could finally make out the dimensions of the room around
me–but out there, it was like the buildings were a messy blob of black.

I realized then what it was, and the panic only grew stronger, like I
couldn’t breathe.

The moon was no longer there.

It didn’t make any sense. No. Fucking. Sense. Except, of course, if my
insomnia would’ve brought on some extremely acute psychosis. But even
with the previous hallucination I’d had, there was some part of me that
knew it wasn’t real. Like the way you act in a dream: you do stuff that
you might not normally do, even though it feels real, because deep down
you know it isn’t.

This wasn’t like that at all. 

I turned around and walked back to the door. “Billy?” I called out.
“Billy, you there?”

When I opened the door, the hallway shared the darkness of the room. I
could just barely make out that Billy was nowhere to be seen: the chairs
and wiry, uncomfortable sofas were empty, the hallway quiet like no one
was around anywhere.

I could only see because of a single, white light that bounced and
curved from behind the corner of the hallway to my right. It flickered,
like it was the last man standing, fighting against the army of
darkness.

“Billy?” I called out. “Where are you, man? What’s going on?”

Silence.

I moved towards the light slowly, carefully. There was nothing acutely
dangerous that I could see, but something was definitely wrong, and I
didn’t want to do anything stupid. If this was just another
cat-jumping-off-the-roof situation, I didn’t want to embarrass myself. 

Walking was hard, because for some reason I felt like I needed to hide.

With each step I took, the more sure I was that this wasn’t a
hallucination. Everything was too… clear. Hallucinations came with a
fugue state, like a fog that surrounded your senses. But now, with
adrenaline pumping into my bloodstream, my eyes sharp and my steps
rigid, I knew this was real. This was happening.

When I rounded the corner, I could see the source of the light: a long,
tubular fluorescent lamp, hanging from its wires, barely holding on. I
looked around me and immediately realized that all the lights around
were not in fact just not working, but the lamps themselves were
completely gone. How the fuck was that possible?

And why was this one still here?

Further along the hallway, something moved in the ceiling. I jumped
back, like I’d seen an animal move through the woods on a dark night. It
was quick, precise, but I couldn’t make out what it was. All I could
tell was that it was hiding in the darkness.

“Who’s there?” I yelled, and was immediately embarrassed of how
non-threatening my voice sounded.

For a long moment, silence. Then from the darkness came a woman’s voice,
hoarse like smoke and gritted teeth, the words meandering and staccato
at the same time. “What did you dream of as a child?”

“What? What the fuck?”

“What was it? Flying? Stopping time? Getting to be in an amusement park
all by yourself, skipping the lines?”

“What do you want?”

It moved again, like a spider, covering a vast distance in a heartbeat.
It was almost at the edge of the light. “Or were they dark, of monsters
under the bed and ghosts roaming the streets?”

Then it began to move slowly, not in rapid passages, but a slow crawl. I
dreaded seeing what it was once it reached the fluorescent’s beam, but I
couldn’t look away.

“I had nightmares,” I blurted out, hoping it would stop it from moving.
And, at least for a moment, it did. 

“What kind of nightmares?” it said, and it sounded genuinely interested.

“There was, uhh. There was one where I’d be falling down a volcano, but
I was in freefall for a very long time. And my dad was there, too, and I
got to say goodbye to him before we both, you know.”

It was true, and I don’t know why I said it. I’d never told anyone else
that. It was like I didn’t want to lie–that the thing would somehow know
and punish me for it.

The thing emerged into the light, and with its wretched body the
nightmare got its stamp of approval from reality.

In some ways it was a human, and in some it was like a spider. Its skin
was gray and hairless, and from all around its torso jutted out legs–as
if surgically attached–which oozed some thick liquid that kept the thing
glued to the ceiling. 

Yet its head was not a human’s. It was bloated and wide, and most of it
was taken up by two black eyes that shone like obsidian in the light.
There were no eyebrows, no ears, no nose. The mouth, if you could call
it that, was more like a gaping wound with hundreds of different-sized
teeth arranged in tight rings that formed around each other. 

“I know,” it said, the voice coming from somewhere deep inside its
hideous body. “I was there.”

I turned around and ran for my life.
