(Part One:)

At ten years old my parents and I had moved away from my childhood home
and into an underdeveloped city, within a quaint little cul de sac.
Moving away from all of my friends, especially when we were off from
school hit me pretty hard, and my parents knew that. One of the things
they had tried to do to make up for it, was move into a neighborhood
they made sure was full of other kids. What’s more, is that one street
over from this new home there was a large park. It had everything:
tennis and basketball courts, a baseball diamond, a jungle gym,
sandboxes, and several fields of green grass in between it all.

When I was done being mopey and had accepted that we weren’t moving back
to our old home, my mom and dad were willing to let me go to the park on
my own to try and make new friends. I made sure to go out, but didn’t
bother trying to meet anyone. The first day I ever went, there were
plenty of kids of all ages there, playing amongst themselves and with
their parents. I wasn’t interested. It’s not that I was too shy, rather,
I refused to play with anyone I didn’t already know. Though I stopped
pouting around my parents, I still wasn’t happy with the idea that
friends could be so dispensable with a simple change in location. The
routine of going to the park continued every week, and weekends when I
wasn’t out with Mom and Dad. Though I’d yet to meet anyone new, I
pretended I had friends waiting for me. My parents knew I was full of
it. I’d dismiss every question of theirs concerning the names of anyone
I’d met, or when they’d ever be over so they could meet them.

Every trip to the park was the same: when I wasn’t doing any activities
it provided, I’d watch other kids my age do them, laughing and screaming
in amusement. I’d watch the older kids who I thought were too cool for
me, doing their own thing, too grownup to play with the slides or
sandboxes. But one day well into summer vacation, I grew bored of just
sitting and watching others. The edges of the entire park are
encompassed by a dirt trail that circles around and allows one to go for
a nice jog out of the way, or as was my case, spectate it all from
different views, and that’s what I chose to do on that day. I was at the
furthermost area from the park walking uphill. Up at the top, the edge
of the park itself stood right next to elevated and barren land for
miles, occupied entirely by dried and cracked dirt and countless weeds,
the only thing between the two areas being a long, chain-link fence. As
I continued traversing the path, running my fingers through the grids of
the fence, I came across something strange for the very first time,
despite countless laps around that trail prior.

It was interrupted by a stone archway, covered in moss and shrubbery
from top to bottom. Other than the overgrowth, the stone was in pristine
condition, and at the very top within a small niche, was the statuette
of a cherub, its youthful face with eyes closed and a close-mouthed
smile, its head topped with wavy hair. It had curled wings and adorned a
baggy robe that covered its lower half, with its hands cupped onto its
chest over its heart. What’s more, and what made my mouth drop and my
heart race, was that through this passage and on the other side, a
gravel trail invited me into a beautiful garden. It began with neatly
trimmed hedges, one on each side of the gravel path, that eventually
traveled down and wrapped around a central courtyard, where inside was a
large, stone water feature.

On the other side of these hedges, growing tall were several bushes that
sprouted bright-pink flowers, and past even them, I could barely make
out a thick forest of birch trees, that in spite of sunlight
illuminating everything, saw an unnatural lack of it, black haze so
thick I couldn’t see anything beyond or between. I’m not sure how long
I’d spent just staring wide-eyed that day, but I had somehow convinced
myself it was just another addition to the park despite being fully
aware that lot was privately-owned for some time. I looked around the
park trail for anyone who may have been sharing the view with me, but I
was alone. All the kids and adults down near the main areas paid no mind
to me up above.

Eventually I was brave enough to approach the sight. I started off by
just sticking my hand in. Because it was summer, the sun was not
obstructed by clouds and was beating down hard on the park, but inside,
past the passageway, the air was cool, and there was even a slight
breeze that hit my skin. It was then that my heart beat even faster,
because I knew even at that age, that what I was witnessing shouldn’t
have been. I slowly entered this mysterious place, and when I was fully
through, the sound of kids playing below on the playground was erased
from my senses, and replaced by the subtle chirping of birds, the dim
sound of leaves rustling against the gentle wind, and the faint
trickling of running water. The goosebumps I had gotten distracted me,
and I first had failed to recognize the smile that formed across my
face.

As far as I could tell I was the only one within the immediate area, and
the possibility that I had discovered a secret gave me butterflies. I
turned around, briefly afraid that the way I came would disappear. When
I saw that it hadn’t, I turned back around and began walking deeper into
the garden with a bit more confidence. The gravel trail was several
hundred feet long, and as a result, I had failed to miss many details
back at the entrance. The water feature was functional and was
responsible for the sound of running water I heard, growing louder as I
neared it. Including the base, it had five parts, each one closer to the
top was smaller than the last, with water spilling evenly from each
upper component. At the very top was another cherub with the same
features as the first, although this one was balancing on one leg as the
other was extended behind the body. Its wings were completely unfurled,
its arms were spread wide, and its mouth was open as it spit out water
back into the base of the fountain.

The courtyard which I occupied alongside the fountain, was home to four
dark-wooden benches that were up against the hedges, all facing the
fountain with dark-green legs and armrests. The grassy floor that
surrounded the birch trees were also home to small yellow and red
flowers as far as could be seen, popping out of the black like sores,
and past the hedges and around the bushes, the ground was home to these
very same flowers as well. All of this, and I, were under a clear blue
sky, though the sun was not aggressively hot at all despite shining
bright. I was overwhelmed with a sense of peace and happiness within the
area as I continued walking into it, but those feelings ended abruptly
for a short moment in time.

As I was looking past the fountain and noticed that the trail continued
into the forest, I recognized the sound of labored breathing. I stopped
in my tracks. The pounding in my heart changed from excitement to fear.
It wasn’t the fact that I wasn’t alone. It was the breathing itself:
deep, raspy, wet, and as though the source was either in extreme pain or
much larger than me. At the same time as I was processing it, I also
picked up a strange and unpleasant smell, one I wouldn’t properly be
able to recognize until I was older. Both the breathing and smell were
coming from the bench closest to me on my right, and when I looked, my
fear left me and was replaced by confusion.

A small boy about my age sat peacefully, slouched into the bench. He was
about my height and the same skinny build, with skin that had hardly
seen any sunlight. He had thin blonde hair and bright blue eyes, and he
was either ignoring me or didn’t even notice me, fixated on the water
falling from the fountain. His mouth opened wide as he inhaled and
exhaled from it, exposing teeth that while slightly yellowed, were in
good shape, mostly straight. His hands were placed neatly over one
another on his lap, and his legs were crossed together and stretched out
in front of him. The oddest thing about him though was the suit he wore:
a white ruffled shirt with dark-black buttons, behind a black bowtie and
black coat, matching slacks and black, glossy dress shoes.

Placed gracefully within an upper-right area of his chest, just above a
pocket filled with a white handkerchief, was a small, red carnation. I
stood and watched this young boy, and grew comfortable the longer I did
until I was brave enough to approach him. As the gravel crunched under
my feet once more, and as I finally stood over him and his bench, he
looked away from the fountain and up to me. A fine, gray powder neatly
blanketed his shoulders and was settled through his hair. His eyes lit
up and a joyous smile filled his face, and in a high and cheery voice in
the older, formal voice that you hear in black and white movies and
television, he spoke to me as he sat up straight, in a curious tone in
between his wheezes.

“Oh hello! Would you like to be friends with me?”

I had forgotten I was supposed to be making friends while I was out, so
this question caught me off guard. I didn’t say anything right away, and
just watched the kid in front of me. His smile never wavered, and his
eyes never blinked or turned away from me while waiting for my response.
I decided to finally answer his question after several seconds of
silence. “Um… yeah, sure. I don’t have any friends right now.”

“That’s alright, I’m your friend now! My name is Mikey. And you?”

“Uh… Sean.”

“It’s nice to meet you, Sean. I’m sure we’ll be friends for a long
time!”

Mikey patted the empty space of bench beside him as his smile gradually
disappeared, and I did as he wanted. His labored breaths and the
indeterminate smell coming from him were right in my space by then, but
I did my best to ignore both, as not to offend the first friend I’d made
in that neighborhood. We didn’t say anything more to each other at
first, just watching the fountain discard the water back into itself. I
was the one who eventually broke the silence with some questions, which
he had answered, at first without looking away.

“So, Mikey. Are you at this place a lot, whatever it is?”

“Yeah, this is my garden. My house is right past all of the trees. I
usually stay here though; no one really minds if I do or not.”

“Oh. That’s cool, I guess… How come no one else saw this place?”

Mikey finally broke his focus off of the fountain, and with the biggest,
widest, cockiest smile, he told me, “I can choose who sees this place
and who doesn’t. I only invite people I think would be fun to be
around.” What he’d said had made me blush, and I smiled large as I
looked away. Seeing that I wasn’t planning on saying anything else, he
asked a question of his own. “Where do you live, Sean?”

“Just down the street! If your house isn’t far from here then that makes
us neighbors.” Mikey finally turned away and stared at me, a large smile
once again on his face as he opened his mouth to speak.

He exclaimed, “That’s wonderful! If we’re neighbors then that means we
can see each other a lot!” I chuckled a little at the thought of finally
bringing a friend for my parents to meet.

“Heh, yeah that would be cool. Maybe I can show you where I live.”
Mikey’s smile disappeared and was replaced with a look of disappointment
as his focus returned to the water feature.

He spoke in a low, sad voice, “No… I’m not allowed to leave. You’d have
to be the one to come over and visit me.” He began twiddling his thumbs
together.

“Oh… well, that’s ok. This place is really cool, and I’d love to come
over more.” I stopped myself and quickly grew sad at my next thought,
“But school will start again soon… I’d still be able to see you on
weekends though if that’s cool?”

 Mikey turned back to face me and his smile returned.

“That would be totally cool! I haven’t had a friend here in a long time
and was getting really lonely. Can you come back tomorrow?”

And just as though Mikey had said a magic word, the sun was beginning to
set above us. Scared about being late and getting in trouble, I said
goodbye to Mikey and departed, but not before I told him that hanging
out the next day would be just fine. With that, he waved at me from his
spot on the bench and I was on my way, back to the opening which never
left. When I crossed through back in the park, the sun was setting there
as well, and I began my jog back home.

 
