I pressed the skin of my forearm down and watched a line of blood seep
out of the scratch. Blinking my tears back, I sniffed before looking
down at the cause of my wound.

The red feathered hen strutted in a circle, unbothered and unaware of
the pain it just inflicted as it kicked out of my grip. The bird had
been hatched just 6 months prior, and in that time it had become one of
my least favorite throughout the large coop. I watched as it kicked back
dust with its talons in the dim room, only illuminated by the sun
forcing its way past gaps of wood and chicken wire.

Angered at the ignorant pest, I once more hurled my small frame towards
them. In a flurry of wings it tried to make a short flight to safety but
was stopped by my hand catching the leg of the bird. Bocking and
squirming, they fought while I struggled to get ahold of the cage door
with my one free arm. With my head turned, the animal swung its other
talon, carving two additional marks into me. I yelped, and in a rage, I
took both hands and gripped each foot of the squawking beast. In a
crushing hold I twisted and bent on the leg that had clawed me twice
now. The shack became filled with a cacophony of screeches, backgrounded
by my pained exertion into the cruel act. A bitter, wet snap eventually
gave way, so I released my grip and stood back.

The hen strained out a constant wail as it tried to move. Wings flapped
as it circled, leaving a trickling of blood that began to paint the
dirty wood floor. I saw how she struggled and regret washed over my
heart. Before I could decide what to do, some of the other hens and a
large rooster approached the injured bird. Dipping their beaks into the
thick red trail, they slowly began a frenzy as the rooster pecked and
clawed at the broken leg. Working up across the hen’s body, each chicken
cut and tore at feathers and flesh. I felt my eyes begin to build up in
tears and I moved to shoo away the flock of attackers.

Kneeling next to the bloodied and terrified hen, all she could do was
screech for help that didn’t exist. My hands reached out, stopping
halfway not knowing what to do.

My lip shook while tears finally passed over my face. I erupted into
sobs while my hands fell back to my sides.

“I- I’m so sorry…”

The hen limped through her own blood, now caking onto her feathers. I
looked up to see the remaining flock now watching from the other side of
the coop, waiting for me to abandon the bird.

I wiped my face and searched the dark room with my eyes, careful not to
let any of the others close to the hen. Turning my body back towards the
entrance, I saw a small set of bricks. Broken pieces of rock were
scattered on the floor, but three slabs were still intact and stacked
into a pile. Quickly stepping over to the door, I heaved a slab of the
brick up to my chest and carried it back over to the bird. Resting the
stone on my thigh, I reached out and gently pulled the hen closer to my
knee.

Reeling in more tears, I spoke softly through the cries of the animal.

“It’ll be okay, I’m sorry just hold still”

Lifting the brick up in both hands, I aimed for the panicked eye of the
hen, darting around in fear of everything around her. Squeezing my eyes
shut, I threw down the brick.

Crack.

Opening my eyes, her rapid movements had slowed, but still she rocked
herself forward, wings flapping and leg kicking at random. I drew the
brick back up, my vision beginning to blur again with tears.

Snap.

The hens body convulsed, tightening before gradually falling limp. I
pulled the stone off of the bloody head of the bird. Setting it aside, I
carefully gathered her broken body and set it into the cage. Pulling the
lock shut, I whispered apologies to the murdered corpse.

“I promise I’ll be quicker next time, it won’t be like that again, not
for the others.”

With my hands now a mess of dark red, I carelessly wiped my face once
more before gathering up my other cages and getting back to work.

After some time, I had managed to catch another hen and the same rooster
that had led the attack from earlier. With all of them locked away, I
gathered up two of the full cages and set them outside before heading
back for the final one. Purposely facing one cage towards the building’s
side to hide the dead hen, I made my way to the side of the coop where a
hydrant stood. Lifting up the handle, a gentle stream of water flowed
out, and I began scrubbing the blood from my skin. Splashing water into
my face, I was suddenly interrupted.

“Carson! What are you doing boy?”

My head flew up at the sound of my mothers voice. She stood in her front
flower bed, hands pressed to her hips. She wore an oversized pink
flannel, outstretched by her large belly that carried what was soon to
be my little sister.

“Just cleaning up! I was getting some chickens for Dad!”

She sighed, blinking a few times as she scratched her nose. Quickly she
recovered and continued.

“Been in that coop nearly an hour! Put them birds in the cellar then get
inside, you and your brother ought to spend time with Grandpa Felix
while you still can!”

Wiping the water from my eyes I shut off the hydrant before flicking my
hands dry. My mother still kept her stance, only moving to adjust some
stray curls in her auburn hair.

“Okay, I’ll come right back”

“Good, go find Rich when you’re done!”

As she turned away and headed back towards the house, I made my way to
find a wagon. Over at the side of our decaying cattle barn I saw a
rusted garden cart. Its red paint was barely visible anymore, but seeing
the tires still had air I pulled it with me back to the coop.

Squeaking the wheels to a stop, I began loading up the cages before
dragging the wagon to the back of the house. A wooden cellar door sat
centered on the backside of the building, its bare wood chipped and
warped slightly. Undoing the hook latch, I pulled up and slowly lifted
the heavy door open. Grabbing two cages, I carried them down into the
black room. Silently kicking myself for forgetting a flashlight, I
remembered that my dad hadn’t put any lights in the room, only using
candlelight whenever we spent the evening in the hatched basement.

Using what sunlight that had travelled into the dark with me, I was able
to find the back of the cellar. Setting the cages towards the left wall,
I caught a glimpse of the table my dad had set up on the dirt floor. The
wood was blackened and scratched, with a set of two candles on each side
and a large ceramic bowl in the center that glinted slightly in the
light. I turned away and retreated back up the rotting steps to finish
my work.

Only one cage was left back outside, which contained the dead hen.
Grabbing up the kennel I debated my options. While I could try and hide
the corpse, it wouldn’t answer why I had only grabbed two birds when I
was told to gather three. Moreover, getting caught going back to the
coop to grab another was almost a certainty, with my mother expecting to
have me back home. In the end, I figured my chances were better trying
to explain everything to Dad later that night.

Bringing the cage down, I set it with the others. While I left up the
stairs and the heavy door fell shut, I began thinking about what excuses
I could use on my parents. These thoughts went on as I pulled the wagon
back to the barn. Dropping it off, the leering shadow of the building
fell over me. Despite being the largest structure on the tiny farm, I
had rarely gone near it. We hadn’t done more than a few patch jobs over
the roof, and while it may have looked unable to withstand a strong
breeze, the aged and oppressive nature of the barn made me believe it
could outlive any man.

The two large doors remained sealed by a heavy chain kept together by a
padlock. I had never seen the chain removed myself, but all that Dad and
Grandpa Randall said about the place had conceived in me no interest to
explore it.

“If it were up to me, you’d only have to go in there once your whole
life, but that just ain’t how it works.” I remember Grandpa Randall
saying.

My dad’s words echoed in my head as well, “I’ve been in there only three
times, soon to be four. Your Grandad Felix’s done it probably twice as
much, maybe more. You and your brother will go with me when you’re
older, when it’s time. Part of being a man, not fun, but part of it.”

I still didn’t understand what they meant by it all, it had never even
been opened in my lifetime as far as I knew, but according to the rest
of the family, soon it’d happen.

Realizing I had likely taken too long again, I began walking my way back
towards the house. As the pearl white siding came into view, my
attention suddenly shifted to a distant cry that sounded unfamiliar.

MMBAAAAA!!

I looked towards the east pasture, where the sound seemed to echo from.
My first thought was of one of our cattle, but even a newborn calf
didn’t cry at such a shrill tone.

BAAAAAAAAA!!

I took a few steps towards the noise, and stretched my neck as if to
look over the hills and see what it came from. Only a call from my
mother could break me from this distraction.

“Carson? You done with your chores yet?”

My attention broke and I decided to trudge towards the house to avoid
the woman’s wrath.

“Yeah, it’s all done, I heard something is all”

“Well I don’t want you running off towards every sound in the county,
come on inside, Rich is waiting”

“It was an animal, they were bellering for something like crazy”

“I’ll tell your dad to go check when he gets back with Grandpa Randall”

“Is Grandma Carol with them?”

“No, she’s up reading with Felix now, you ought to go check on them with
Rich. I’ll have your dad go look at the herd when he gets back.”

Stopping, I looked up at my mother, furrowing my brow.

“I don’t think it’s a cow, the noise I mean, sounded too high pitch”

She gave a half smile, “Oh really? What’d you think we got out there?
Chupacabra?”

I laughed, “No, sounded more like a goat”

Her smile dropped at my answer, she stared out to the field where I had
been looking. Worry gripped her expression, her breath quickened
slightly, then suddenly, she grabbed my shirt and began pulling me
towards the house.

“Mom?”

“Probably just a calf Carson, like I said your dad will look into it.”

I squirmed from her tight grip as she practically shoved me through the
door.

“Mom! What’s the matter?”

“Everything’s fine, go get your brother and go sit with Grandpa Felix
for a while.”

I stood there stunned as the door shut in my face. Through the window I
saw my mom pacing the front porch, seemingly waiting for Dad to return.
Though I was worried about her reaction, I turned away from the door,
facing the entryway of our home. The kitchen sat on my right, sharing
half of the room’s space with the dining table in front of me. On the
left was the stairway to our bedrooms, next to the long hallway that
kept our laundry/bathroom and led down to our living room at the very
end.

I could hear the television quietly echoing from the hall. Curious, I
snuck myself through, passing the bathroom door I peered into the room
at the end. Rich sat on the thick cushions of the couch, leaned
attentively towards the small television. A newsman on the screen talked
about some serious looking man in a suit. Phrases that had little
meaning to me spouted from his mouth, but Rich seemed enamored by every
word the man spoke.

The reporter droned on, “But if we look at the military buildup on this
border, you have to start wondering what the president’s response will
be. European leaders have already begun condemning the potential
threats-“

As I moved closer to see the screen, my foot creaked on the wooden
floor. Rich looked back and immediately grabbed the remote to switch the
screen off.

“Shit Carson! Why’re you creeping around like that?!”

Rich stood up from the couch and ran a hand through his light brown
hair. He stood a few inches taller than me and wore an irritated sneer
across his face.

“You aren’t supposed to be watching that, Dad told us both.”

“I was trying to check the weather forecast is all”

“I won’t say nothin’”

“Fine, nothin’ to say anyway, I wasn’t doing anything”

For the past year, Rich had been getting into more and more trouble with
Mom and Dad. Now that he was almost a teenager, his rebellious streak
had only grown. I covered for him as much as I could, but he was still
on thin ice over a lot of things. Watching the news had gotten us both
in trouble just a month prior. Trying to get away from the subject, I
moved on.

“Mom says we should go see Grandpa Felix for a while”

His voice got quiet at my reminder.

“Yeah, she told me.”

“You think he’s gonna be okay? I thought he looked good yesterday”

“He ain’t fine the way mom talks, something’s wrong with him”

“What’s wrong you think?”

“No idea, he’s only been staying in his room, he don’t act sick, just
tired I guess”

Rich began heading down the hall, causing me to follow. Silently we both
made our way up into the stairway up to the second floor. Standing in
front of Great Grandpa Felix’s bedroom door, Rich slowly turned the knob
and swung it in.

Looking inside, Felix sat in his bed, with covers over his legs and
lower torso. He wore his square frame reading glasses on his narrow nose
as he read through a large book with yellowing pages. His white hair
stood high, still well kept despite the man’s age. By all accounts he
appeared healthy, only being bound to bed by his own choice.

Sitting in an antique loveseat next to the bed was his daughter, Grandma
Carol. She read from a magazine, wearing a similar pair of reading
glasses, only with thinner frames. Her face had begun to show creases of
age much like her father, and her once solid black hair now held
sprinklings of grey.

The rest of the neatly kept room held Grandpa Felix’s various
possessions and collections. A bookcase sat close to his bed, along with
the ornate loveseat that Grandma Carol occupied. Under the only window
in the room was a corner table which held up a record player, currently
running an old sing along tune from my grandpa’s youth:

“Well he was a friend of mine!”

“Oh he was a friend of mine!”

“He died without a penny, didn’t have a dime!”

“But he was a friend of mine!”

Grandma Carol’s eyes peaked up from her magazine to look at us.

“I was wondering when you two would make it up here”

“Sorry we took so long, I had trouble with the chickens”

“You and them birds Carson, I swear I’ve never seen a worse rivalry.”

“I’ve gotten better with them”

“I should hope so.”

She set down her magazine and stood up

“Well I better go see if your mother needs help with supper, you boys be
good to your grandpa okay?”

“Yes ma’am” Rich stated.

Grandma Carol walked up to the bed and bent to kiss the top of the old
man’s hair. The only acknowledgment he gave her was a small upturning in
his thin lips.

“I’ll bring up your supper in about an hour Dad.”

With those final words she left us alone.

Walking fully into the room, we each sat down in a chair and waited for
the elder to speak the first words. After a few more minutes of reading,
Grandpa Felix addressed us without looking up.

“Hello boys, what brings you in?”

Rich spoke first.

“Hi Grandpa, we just wanted to come by and see how you’re doing.”

The old man finally glanced at us before setting his book down. He
flashed a half smile from Rich’s comment.

“Of course, it’s surely not because your parents nearly forced you up
here.”

We looked down to the floor, partly out of shame and awkwardness. I
stepped into the conversation to try and help.

“We care about how you’re doing too.”

His smile grew, “Oh don’t be so soft about it, I’m just teasing you
now!”

A small amount of weight was lifted with his response, Rich felt the
same as he began to speak again.

“Are you feeling any better? You look good”

He rubbed a hand over his cheek and pondered the question.

“I guess I didn’t know I was supposed to be feeling bad” he chuckled.

“Is that good?” I asked

“I’m not sure, I s’pose I feel tired, haven’t been eating as much, but I
can’t imagine many 86 year olds that do.”

“So if you’re feeling okay, does that mean you’ll go back to helping Dad
and Grandpa Randall with chores? That’s what made them worry I think.”

He blew a puff of air gently through his lips and looked out towards the
far window.

“No I imagine you boys’ll have to pick up the slack there I’m afraid”

“So you’re dying”

I turned to look at Rich, shocked at the sudden bluntness of his
statement. He didn’t flinch, only staring directly at the old man for a
clear answer.

He continued “If you’re dying, why won’t anyone just say that? We’re not
little kids, so are you dying or not?”

Grandpa Felix’s eyes had widened slightly, almost impressed by the
boldness Rich showed. He slowly showed a grin and gave out a small
laugh.

“That’s good, spoken like a real young man” he commended.

Rich didn’t respond, still waiting for an answer to his question.

Felix finally caved. “Well I ain’t dying, but I’m not gonna be around
much longer, I’m not much help to anyone anymore.”

“But we can still take care of you, you don’t have to leave, family’s
gotta do that right?” I pleaded.

“That’s not how this works Carson.”

The room fell quiet at his words. The record player was the only sound
now throughout the solemn room. It took Grandpa Felix asking a question
to break the silence.

He sighed. “How much have you boys been told about the barn?”

I glanced at Rich who looked back at me, neither of us knew much apart
from the vague descriptions from Grandpa Randall and our dad.

“Not a whole lot.” Rich said.

“I figured as much, always told Clyde and Marla that they kept you boys
too sheltered.” Felix grumbled.

“Mom and Dad?” I asked

“Yes damn them! Hell, how many times have you boys even been to town
with them?”

We both sat frozen at the outburst, Grandpa Felix could rant for a
lifetime and we were hesitant to give him the opportunity.

Reluctantly I spoke, “I’ve been about 7 or 8 times.”

He shook his head in disbelief. “Those damn fools, I told them you boys
need to go out more, that you’ll go stir crazy stuck here for a
lifetime! How the hell they think we kept this farm alive for 5
generations? How they expect you two to find wives? Have children? You
stay on this farm long enough you won’t know how to talk to folk! That
ain’t even considering the farm itself! The work it takes! Hell you boys
don’t even know about the barn!? You’re how old now?”

“10 and 12 Grandpa” I croaked out.

“Nearly able to start growin’ hair on your chin! Still barely knowing a
damn thing about life! All because your daddy thinks you can hide from
it!”

He gave a small break in his anger, which Rich took as an opportunity to
ask another question.

“What’s in the barn Grandpa?”

He paused from his words, taking a few deep breaths before answering.

“The barn’s everything, it’s the most important building you two’ll ever
step into your whole lives.”

“But why?”

“When my Granddad first got the idea to start farming, just a few years
after the civil war, he didn’t know where to go. Had no money and he
didn’t need to end up slaving away for some richer man just to end up
with nothing by the time he died. But that’s when he got an offer.”

“For our farm?” Rich asked.

“No boys! That’s the trouble of it all! Ain’t nothing on this land nor
the dirt itself that’s ’ours’, it never has and it never will be ours!”

“What do you mean? Dad says-“

“Damn the man! Your father hasn’t told you a truthful thing about this
place in all your lives! No the land ain’t ours, still belongs to the
folk that we struck a deal with all those years past”

“So if we don’t own the farm, how come we never see the real owners?”

“Part of the deal boys, we get to work the land here, raise cattle,
build a life, and a good life it gets to be. All my years we never had a
drought or a flood, not a healthier herd of cattle in these hills and
that’s thanks to my grandad”

I didn’t know what to think about Grandpa Felix’s words. Part of me felt
that they weren’t true, just the thoughts of a man verging senile.
Looking at Rich though, I could tell he certainly seemed to trust it,
and he wanted to press for more answers.

“So we don’t own the land, but we get to act like we do?”

The old man nodded, his blue eyes radiating a sense of pride as if we
were finally learning about reality for a change.

Rich pushed for more, “Then what does that have to do with the barn?”

“That’s the last part of the deal, the final expectation. We work for as
long as we can, but once we can’t, that’s when the bargain stops.”

I chimed in “So because you can’t do chores we’re gonna get kicked off
the farm?”

He shook his head, “No we’d be fine to stay, but things wouldn’t be near
as good. If I waited around as long as I like, then maybe animals start
gettin’ sick, weather gets worse, things like that. Won’t do any of you
any good so that’s why I’ll have to- to…”

His voice trailed off as he looked back at us, blinking like he suddenly
realized something he had been avoiding. He picked back up after a few
seconds, his voice now much more low.

“Point is, the barn is where I’ll have to go soon, so life can keep
chugging along for the rest of you.”

I could tell by his face that Rich was just as confused as I was.
Moreover he was becoming more exasperated at Felix’s answers.

“Why would you have to go to the barn? That doesn’t make any sense”

“We just have to Rich, we go there once we ain’t anymore use, and that’s
how this family keeps safe. It’s where my grandad had to go, along with
his wife and all his kids. It’ll be where you boys have to go someday,
hopefully when you’re as old and useless as me.”

“So why has Dad and Grandpa Randall talked about it then? They act like
they’ve been there before.”

“We all have, us men. Though all we did was walk out the one needing to
stay there, then fix everything up inside for the next time. Sort of
family tradition now, if it was up to me, you boys would help take me
out there, start letting you know what it’s like.”

The room’s air felt heavy at the idea, neither Rich nor I ever held any
good thoughts towards that barn.

I broke the silence with a near whisper of another question. “What
happens to the people in the barn?”

“Nothin’ beautiful, but I’m likely making it up worse in my head than it
really is. People… people tend to do that.”

Our conversation seemed to have made Felix look as tired as he claimed
to be. His face gave off a dull pale tinge, and his eyes only stared at
the room’s opposite wall.

With the record player having ended its tune, dead air hung in the small
space. After a minute or so, our attention was drawn to the rattling of
a truck pulling to the front of our house. Standing up and walking over
to the window above the record player, I saw Dad and Grandpa Randall
exiting the old Ford.

My mother walked off the porch towards them. At the sight of her, Dad
walked over and planted a loving kiss on her lips before stooping down
to do the same over her pregnant belly. He raised back up smiling at her
before his expression shifted. She spoke rapidly to him, her arms
emphasizing every word as she pointed out to the same field that I had
heard the strange noises from. Immediately he nodded before inaudibly
yelling something to Grandpa Randall, who nodded without saying a word.

Throwing out the remaining groceries and supplies they had bought in
town, Grandpa Randall began bringing them inside. Our Dad meanwhile,
broke out in a jog towards the direction of the barn.

I turned to see Rich had begun looking out the window as well next to
me.

“What’s Dad doing?” He asked.

“No idea, it looked like he was in a hurry, maybe it’s gonna rain and he
just left some feed out?”

“It ain’t gonna rain til late tonight, he don’t got any feed that needs
putting in anyway.” Rich replied.

I looked at him with a crease in my brow.

“I told you I was checking the weather earlier, wasn’t lying.”

“Yeah sure” I huffed.

Going back to the loveseat, I sat down in silence once more with Grandpa
Felix. His eyes were drifting around the room, now looking over all of
his collected memories he had gained over the years. While many would
find comfort in such things, each item only seemed to invoke a head
shake and bitter murmuring from the man.

In a moment, the door swung back open, and the large frame of Grandpa
Randall leaned into the room. His heavy build filled the entire doorway,
and his fatty, creased face seemed to hold back any emotion he could
present. He looked towards the bed before addressing the brooding old
man within it.

“Felix, how you feeling?”

“I’m fine Randall” Felix spoke without hesitation.

“You get up at all today? Carol said she helped weigh you this morning.”

“Sounds like you answered your own question then.”

Randall ran a thick hand over his mouth and blew a deep breath from his
lips.

“She says you only hit around 172.”

“I doubt she’s too far off.” Felix sighed.

“That’s ten pounds less than last time.”

Randall seemed to have struck a nerve, releasing another wave of energy
and anger from Grandpa Felix.

“Damn it Randall I know! I’m old, not stupid!”

“Randall didn’t address the outburst, instead turning to Rich, who still
stood by the window.

“Rich, why don’t you come here for a minute, your dad needs to talk to
you when he gets back in.”

Rich silently accepted the request and followed the hulking man outside
the room. Soon the door shut and I was left with Felix. He spoke out,
though I almost didn’t know if the words were for me.

“It’s happening tonight.” He stated numbly.

Confused and increasingly emotional I pleaded to him. “Grandpa, why do
you have to go to the barn?”

“To make payment, I s’pose.”

“You don’t have to do anything! We can take care of you, and you won’t
have to go. It’ll be fine, we’ll be fine-“

“Carson boy I am not a damn coward! I’m going out there just like my
Daddy and his Daddy too! There ain’t no stopping it, no slowing it! This
is what a man does for his family, to hell with any idea that you can
stop it, or make it easier! Just like I told your father, him creeping
around in that cellar! That’s why I told him to stop bringing you boys
down there, didn’t do any damn good! Doesn’t make a bit of difference,
just makes it worse when the time comes!”

I had gotten experienced at enduring the ravings of my Grandpa, but his
mentioning of the cellar made me tense up. As he finished the rant, he
met my eyes, they slowly widened as he watched me stiffly sitting in
place. The realization washed over him, and his voice grew soft once
more.

“Oh that fool… he’s doing it again.”

I didn’t say a word, but as I looked to the floor, I gave him all the
answers he required.

“How long now?” He asked.

“Just a couple weeks, he started bringing us down there again when you
kept staying up here.”

Felix fell back against the pillow of his bed, shaken by my words. Anger
didn’t fall across his face anymore, only pity and disappointment could
be found now.

“I told him, damned fool I said it didn’t make no difference, didn’t
change the fact he’d have to face the music himself someday.”

“He said it couldn’t hurt to keep trying, that it’s better for us.”

“Better for him he means! I’ve known your dad all his life, I told him
it don’t matter! Just because you give a pound of beef to a starving
wolf don’t mean it won’t come back for the whole cow!”

His metaphor was lost on me, but I patiently listened and let him
conclude.

“Whole point of this farm was to give our family some peace, just a
break from the world. Your father would rather leave you all bloodsoaked
and crazed if it meant he got a chance at a few more years. And now… now
I can’t stop him.”

I waited, holding my breath to see if he’d continue. Glancing at his
eyes, I saw them shine with a layer of tears, yet to drop. For the first
time in my life, I could tell he wanted to be done talking.

“Carson, could you do me a favor and flip that record please?”

“Yeah, I can do that”

Walking over to the record player, I lifted the needle and carefully
flipped the disc. Setting the needle back down, it spun up another old
song that my Grandpa had enjoyed a lifetime ago.

“Thank you”

“You’re welcome”

I went to sit back down before he stopped me.

“Don’t worry about staying up here with me son, I’ll be okay”

“You sure?”

“Yes I’m sure, before you go though, go ahead and reach into that bottom
drawer for me please.”

He pointed towards his nightstand, bending down I slid the drawer open
to find a framed photo, alongside a handful of large chocolate bars.
With the drawer open, Felix leaned off the bed and grabbed up a few bars
of chocolate and the picture frame.

The photo showed what looked to be my Grandpa Felix, with a woman I
could only assume to be his wife and my Grandma. They both wore large
smiles as Grandpa Felix held the woman. His black hair and smooth face
showed that he couldn’t have been older than 25 at the time.

“Your grandmother gave me a bar of chocolate like this on our second
date. I told her I’d never had any and she couldn’t believe it.”

“You never had a bar of chocolate?”

“Not til I was 16 years old” he gave a light laugh.

“Well you must’ve liked them” I said, gesturing to the drawer of them.

The old man smiled at my words. “To tell you the truth, I’ve never been
a big fan.”

“Then why do you keep them?”

“Because they remind me of her.”

I watched as he set the picture down before unwrapping one of the bars.
Looking up at me, he tossed the other one towards me.

“Have one”

Silently, I began unwrapping the candy before biting into it.

“They’re good”

He nodded “Sarah seemed to think so too”

We sat quietly together, eating our chocolate while the record player
filled the room with gentle music. Finishing the treat, I threw away our
wrappers and stood up.

“Thank you for that Carson”

He didn’t look up from the old photo, his eyes were kept on the woman
while he smiled sadly.

“You sure you don’t need anything else Grandpa?”

No, I’ll be fine, thank you Carson”

“Okay, I love you Grandpa.”

“I love you too buddy”

Moving towards the door, I opened it and stepped into the hall. As I
closed it, another song was finishing up on the record player:

“Though my pocketbook is empty”

“My heart is full of pain”

“I’m a thousand miles away from home”

“Waiting for a train…”

(End of part 1)
