{Original Post} ~ {Part List}

Content Warning: >!Physical Abuse!<

I couldn’t believe I would ever come to say it about Stillwater, but on
my trips into town, it sometimes felt good to be there.

The town was shit, but at least it was familiar shit. Once upon a time,
the chaos had seemed unbearable, and I’d prayed each and every night
that it wouldn’t be my life forever; stuck among the pothole-ridden
roads and liquor-fisting residents till the day I died. Now, given the
life I’d been living the last few weeks, I’d take it back any day.

The first stop was the grocery store. I tried to avoid prying eyes, but
it that was nearly impossible whenever any of us went out—especially me.
I looked a mess in my filthy clothes, hair scraggly and unkempt. I was
at least thankful that my jacket was black so that the bloodstains
blotched into them weren’t completely obvious, but even if my hygiene
was spotless, I was still a giant walking among the aisles, and my
reputation was even bigger.

A girl named Anna, who I’d gone to high school with, was at the register
when I approached, loudly chewing gum as she checked me out. She was a
loose friend of Kait’s (one of few) who I didn’t interact with much, but
who I still had some rapport with.

Still, she didn’t exactly seem happy to see me, “You look like shit,
Jess.”

“Yeah, I’m aware.” I sighed.

She seemed to notice some of the bloodstains across my undershirt and
got uneasy for a moment, suddenly minding my more intense side. I pulled
open my coat and showed her my slashed ribs, “Don’t worry, it’s mine.”
Frankly, I didn’t care about her opinion on the matter, and she didn’t
seem to care enough to cause any real fuss, so I didn’t mind sharing.

“What the hell did you get up to?”

“Hunting,” I told her.

She snickered before blowing a bubble, letting it pop, then wadding it
back into her mouth, “What, at point blank with a knife against bears or
something?”

“You should see the other guy.”

“Oh, so that’s what winning looks like?”

“Yep.”

“That’ why you’ buying so many packs of bologna? To lure em’ out or
something.”

“Sure.”

“Boy, aren’t you a chatty Kathy today?” Anna joked.

“I mean, I did just show you a massive slash across my side. Not exactly
feeling my best.”

“Fair enough.” She said, scanning my last item and tapping her terminal,
“$30.97.”

I pulled out my card and swiped it.

Anna leaned over the counter, “You still talk to Kait? How’s she doing?”

I sighed deeply, the thought of the girl stinging my brain after our
last conversation. I thought about just lying and saying no, just to
save time, but with everything going on, I’d been thinking a lot about
the memory of people. About how much we take for granted just having
such a simple thing. It was a God-given right of Anna’s brain to ask
about her old friend now, but in a few days, if we finally couldn’t take
anymore and failed, that right could be taken away.

That thought stung my brain even worse.

“Yeah, actually,” I told her, “we just reconnected recently.”

Anna scrunched her brow, “Oh, you guys weren’t together? I thought
you’d, like, still be hooking up out of high school.”

“We never hooked up.”

Anna’s bubble popped, and she made a surprised face, “Wait, you’re
serious?”

I packed my things into a paper bag, then nodded to her, “Good seeing
you, Anna.”

“Tell Kait I said hi,” the girl said with a wave, immediately turning to
her phone.

Next stop was the hardware store. Realistically, I should have done the
groceries last so the perishables weren’t at risk, but it was cold
enough outside to keep them chilled in my car, and let’s be honest,
bologna probably shouldn’t be eaten in its fresh form to begin with.
Besides, I needed something chill to start my break off. Despite trying
to be a trooper, I really did need just a moment’s peace.

That ended as I hauled several two-by-fours from the lumber piles on the
side of the shop into the bed of my truck, along with all the nails and
scrap that I’d just bought. We discovered a few days back that a tension
trap wasn’t the hardest thing to put together in front of the door, and
an extra board full of nails to a monster’s face wasn’t a bad way to
start off a fight.

Sometimes it helped. Sometimes their forms were so otherworldly that it
barely affected them.

Jon, the store clerk, stood watching me to make sure I took the right
amount. He joined in to help when I embarrassingly staggered trying to
throw four boards at once.

Cautiously, he asked, “How’s that shed coming along, Jessie? This is
your third trip in the last two weeks—I thought you were just fixing
some bum supports?”

“A little more work than we’d thought,” I grunted, faltering on my own
bum supports to get a strap around the bundle.

“I, uh… drove through your side of town the other day—didn’t look like
your house even had a shed.”

“It’s a friend’s,” I told him, “I’m helping him out.”

“Ah,” Jon nodded before narrowing his eyes at the rods sticking over the
tailgate, “Yikes—look like you got yourself on one of them. You
alright?”

I turned to see the blood smeared on one that I’d cradled to my stomach.
I touched the wound there to find that I’d mildly split it open again.

“You know, you should take a break, son. You look like this project is
beatin’ your ass.”

“You’re not the first to tell me today,” I informed plainly, “Thanks,
Jon. See you again soon.”

The man sighed, shook his head, then walked back into his store. He
muttered something as he left, but the only word I clearly understood
was, ‘father’. It wasn’t said in a polite tone.

My last stop was Alma’s Diner. I should have just headed back up to the
manor (seriously, that bologna wasn’t my smartest first buy) but I
needed coffee after all this time, and the means to make it wasn’t
readily available to us at the manor. I was also threatened to take my
entire break, and I knew I would only piss everyone off if I showed up
so soon.

Mary set the mug down in front of me, and right as I wrapped my fingers
around the handle, the clocks chimed out, signaling the next hour. I sat
there with my head down, face hidden by my bangs and knuckles white on
the cup as I counted them down. Nothing had come a single hour apart yet
since that first monster, and I shouldn’t have had anything to worry
about. It didn’t stop me.

When they were done, I drew the cup to my lips and took a long, slow
sip. My hand was so shaky I nearly spilled some onto my lap, but once I
finally got my lips around it, I felt the dark, velvety warmth run down
my throat and fill the cracks inside my body, gently nursing the pain
beneath the briefest respite of pleasure.

“Jessie?” I suddenly heard a small voice beckon from behind. I spun on
my stool to see who it was.

I hadn’t exactly seen the girl more than a handful of times, but I knew
her. She’d been at a few friend hangouts towards the end before we
split, and I’d seen her all over in pictures on Lacey’s social media.
Casey’s too…

“Anna,” I said with surprise, sitting up fast and trying to look like
less of a disheveled mess.

She smiled awkwardly, “Uh, hey. I thought that might be you. Um, how
have you been?”

I closed my jacket over my undershirt and nodded, “G-Good. I mean, as
good as I can be. How about you?”

“Yeah,” the girl nodded, “same here.”

I politely gestured for her to take a seat, and she did so with another
awkward chuckle, brushing the hair behind her ear as she did to clear it
from her hiding eyes. She was nervous about something, and I could sense
that this wasn’t exactly a chance meeting. Or, if it was, she wasn’t
going out of her way to talk to me just to be friendly.

“You sure?” I prodded at her, leaning down empathetically. My brain also
realized another odd detail at that moment, “What are you doing all the
way here in Stillwater?”

Near instantly, the girl broke down. I saw her eyes, which were still
glued to the counter, fill with tears, and she smeared them away before
choking back a sob, “Shit—sorry. I-I’m fine, I just…” her head lifted to
face me, “Have you heard from Lacey?”

The words were a mule kick that almost knocked me off the stool, and the
rejuvenation from my coffee moments ago suddenly felt cold and
nauseating. I was quickly regretting having invited her to sit down.

“Oh, um…”

I didn’t know what to say to her. I absolutely couldn’t speak on behalf
of her girlfriend when I knew Lacey wanted nothing but distance right
now, but at the same time, I knew why the girl was asking. She was
worried. Lacey had dropped off the face of the earth after a horrifying
meltdown, and Anna had no idea what the sudden change in behavior was
even about.

As fast as I could, I thought of the solution that would still protect
Lacey, but give Anna the closure she needed, “Yeah, actually, I just
texted her the other day and she seemed fine. At least—she responded, I
mean.”

The poor girl released one of the sobs she’d been trying to hold back as
a mucus-filled snicker, then nodded before wiping at her eyes some more,
“Oh, good. I-I’m glad to hear that. I was getting worried.”

The sound of that broken laugh struck a chord in me, and I found myself
easing on the stool. The girl didn’t just need reassurance; she was
completely lost in the dark right now. She needed someone to talk to.

“Is everything okay?” I asked her, reaching my hand over and softly
squeezing her shoulder, “What’s going on?”

Anna shook her head, “I-I don’t know. She’s mad at me I think? I really
fucked up—or, I think I did? I don’t know—I don’t even know how to fix
it—”

“Hey, slow it down,” I told her, “Just start from the beginning, yeah?”

Anna swallowed and nodded, “I-I was just sitting at home a few weeks ago
when Lacey came home all frantic. She was screaming about something that
was really upsetting her, and I tried to listen to her, Jessie—I really
did. Like, I remember listening to her, but whatever it was, I can’t
recall a word. It was like I was drugged or something—there’s this fog
there. She said something about her brother and that he was dead, but I
don’t think she ever had a brother?”

The look on Anna’s face as she tried to rigorously claw into the folds
of her brain to dig up information that had been stolen from her was
heartbreaking. Like watching someone try to pull a rope that’s slipping
through their hands. I knew she would never find it, so I tried to
distract from the task—or at least make her not feel crazy.

“Casey,” I said, “was that the name she gave?”

Anna perked up like she’d been shocked, gratitude splaying across her
face, “Y-Yes! That was it! She said there was a boy named Casey and that
he lived with us, but Jessie, we don’t have a roommate. We don’t even
have an extra room. Now she barely returns my texts with anything but
short responses and she won’t answer my calls and…”

The girl began to hyperventilate, and she turned, tears streaking her
cheeks, “I didn’t mean to forget, Jessie. If she told me she had a
brother, I… I just didn’t remember that, and now I don’t know what to
do.”

Her words cut into me, and suddenly my split wound wasn’t the most
painful sensation. I thought after all the days that had passed, I’d
finally be ready to handle talking about what had happened to Casey, but
hearing that nearly two weeks later, this was still a permanent
arrangement, it only made it worse.

I white-knuckled my mug again, and my own eyes began to water. I didn’t
know what to tell her. Anna and I weren’t super close, but I knew that
Lacey was her world. I’d heard enough stories to know that she’d come
from a bigoted background just as much as my friend, and that her lover
was really the only one who understood her.

Now, through no fault of her own, she felt that she was to blame for
driving her away, and what was worse was that she wasn’t being allowed
to fix it. I knew those ‘short messages’ that Lacey was sending were
telling her that everything was okay and that she just needed time to
herself. Anna was seeing it for what it was, though—something so much
worse—and all I wanted to do was to take that pain from her. To convince
her that everything going on wasn’t her fault, and that if she gave it
time, Lacey would eventually come back to her.

Either that, or… eventually, we would fail, and Anna would return home
thinking that she lived there alone…

There was a way to do it. A way to make her not feel at fault for what
happened that day. It was the only believable one for how close Anna and
she were, but it was going to be something nearly impossible for me to
say.

The idea came to me faster than I’d like to admit. It was going to kill
me, and only make the tight pain in my bleeding heart hurt even more,
but ultimately, Anna was here and needed help, and Casey wasn’t anymore.
The hardest part was that if he were here, he was so kind that it was
exactly what he would have done.

“I don’t think Lacey ever told you about him, Anna,” I said as
convincingly as I could, trying to hide the break in my voice, “They
weren’t super close.”

I hoped that would be enough, but Anna didn’t believe that excuse,
“She’s told me everything about her family, though—I don’t see how he
wouldn’t have come up.”

My chest went hollow. I would have to do much worse if I wanted to sell
this to her, “Um well, he was… he was sort of a piece of shit…”

Casey’s smiling face flashed in my mind, and I shut my eyes tight to
chase the image away. The one sentence paired with my friend’s radiant
glow was like trying to press two opposing magnets together, and I knew
it was only going to get harder. I tricked my brain by thinking
everything that Casey was and speaking the opposite.

“He… He was selfish, and he was never really around. Lacey and him
fought all the time, and he, um… he was a lot like her parents, but he
knew about the way she was before them, and he was a lot less kind about
it.”

Anna’s eyes flicked to the counter and stayed there.

Mine went the opposite direction to the ceiling, pleading to the heavens
beyond it that I could keep it together, “Casey just… did a number on
her. And when all’s said and done, it’s hard for her to acknowledge him.
Now that he’s gone, I think it just makes things complicated for her
since they never got to reconcile and… she just needs time to sort it
out.”

“My God, I had no idea…” Anna muttered.

“Like I said, she rarely talked about it,” I reiterated before earnestly
telling her, “And it’s not your fault, Anna. Lacey will be okay, and I
know she misses you too, it’s just hard for her right now.”

The girl studied the counter for a long spell, lost in the maze of my
words before finding her way out with an uncertain nod. When she faced
me again, her expression went soft, and it was clear that I hadn’t held
it together as well as I’d thought.

“Oh, Jessie, did you know him too? I’m sorry—I shouldn’t have cornered
you with this—”

“No! You’re fine,” I quickly chuckled, wiping my eyes, “I did know him,
yeah. But I wish I hadn’t…”

I meant those words in a very different context than how I’d just
described Lacey’s relationship.

Anna looked as if she wanted to say more on the matter, but her eyes
caught my mug of coffee on the counter, and she leaned forward, “Oh—are
you bleeding?”

I looked to see that she was right. I’d accidentally gotten some blood
on my fingers, then smeared it on the porcelain as I drank. As discrete
as I could, I closed the flaps of my jacket and swept up my napkin,
wiping my mug before holding it against my fingers, “Shoot, yeah, you’re
right. Got a cut at work this morning and it must have split again.”

She nodded, but I could see in her eyes that she didn’t fully buy it.
I’m sure I looked shit enough to pass for walking corpse, so ‘small cut’
probably wasn’t ‘cutting it’. It was around then that I decided it may
be time to leave.

I sat up a straighter to draw Anna’s eyes, then smiled, “Are you going
to be okay?”

The girl finally stopped analyzing me and offered a smile with a solemn
nod.

“If I run into Lacey again, I’ll let her know you’re out looking for
her.”

She shook her head, “Don’t worry about it. If she needs time, I’m happy
to give it to her. Just… Make sure she knows that I miss her though? And
that I love her with all my heart.”

“Of course,” I told her, the smile on her lips healing a small part of
me. “It was really good to see you again, Anna.”

“You too,” She responded, reaching out and giving me a grateful brush on
the arm, “I know we haven’t gotten the chance to talk much, but if
you’ve ever got a free day, come down and visit us—we’d love to have you
over.”

Emotion gripped my chest, half because of the kindness of the offer,
half because I didn’t know if I’d ever get the chance, “I… would like
that too, thanks. Be’ nice to get out of town for a while.”

Anna snickered, then looked around cautiously before leaning closer and
saying, “I’ll bet. No offense, hun, but your town is kinda’ shitty…”

I let out a hearty chuckle and raised my coffee mug, gulping down the
rest before nodding, “You can say that again.”

As I left the diner and hopped back in my truck, I should have felt at
least a little better, knowing that I’d helped ease the concerns of a
person in pain. I didn’t though. If it was possible, I felt even worse
than when I’d walked in; not even the coffee helped.

Even if it was to protect Lacey and Anna, I felt like scum for dragging
Casey’s name through the dirt. Maybe he didn’t exist to the rest of the
world, and it wouldn’t ultimately matter, but I’d just brought him back
into Anna’s reality, and not in a good way.

Lacey would eventually find out, and she’d hate me for it, but that was
okay. When that time came, she could turn it on me and tell Anna how
much of a piece of shit I was instead, and that I’d made all of that up.
Hopefully by then, my patch job on their relationship would have held
long enough to let them mend what the red door had broken.

And maybe by then, the red door would have taken me too, so that neither
had to remember what I’d just done to Casey’s name.

As I pulled out of the lot and started making turns for the mountain, I
rolled my vehicle to a stop, Anna still fresh on my mind, as well as the
whole scenario that had sparked her visit in the first place.
Specifically what had come before it.

At the stop sign before the edge of town, I lingered much longer than I
was legally required to, eyeing the police station while anticipation
danced with the idea brewing in my head. Lacey had made a report about
Casey the night of his death, and by morning, it had been completely
forgotten about, buried in the depths of an archive to be passed over
for the rest of eternity.

That file itself was useless—I knew that no matter how much pressing I
did, there would be no resolving it. But if we had gone in to report
what happened to Casey, and there was a file able to be made in the
meager hours before his vanishing, that meant the same might be true for
anyone else who the manor might have claimed over the years. Evidence
still lingering of the children who had been taken.

Especially if they had been kidnapped by witches and held for months
before they vanished for good.

The thing was, while I was almost certain the kids had been taken
illegally at this point, I wasn’t sure if they had disappeared in the
same way Casey did, or if so much time had simply passed that the town
no longer spoke of the cases. Stillwater tended to be pretty hush-hush
about its dirt to begin with, and I doubted that the cases of abusive
parents neglecting their children so much that they went missing was
something that would be flaunted with pride at our town parades.

If I could find proof that the children were also getting vanished like
Casey, that would change the nature of the door quite a bit. Up until
now, we had been assuming that such a horrible curse was something bred
after the basement became ‘corrupted’, but if part of the witches’
rituals involved erasing the pasts of their victims, then that could
imply that the door had never changed.

From start to finish, the portal may have always been what it was today,
just with a different coat of paint, and if Adeline kept a journal of
what they were doing, that meant the spell to alter it might not have
changed either.

It was an odd feeling walking back into the police station. If being
here enough as a child to pick up my drunken father hadn’t been enough,
I now had that horrible, hazy memory of rushing in the night that I’d
watched my friend die.

I tried to look calm as I approached the desk, but given how many times
today I’d been told I looked like a crack addict, I was a little worried
about this plan going off without a hitch in the presence of law
enforcement. My appearance wasn’t the only issue with my plan, though. I
needed the desk to be manned alone for it to work, and of course, in
that moment, the Sheriff happened to be standing there too, talking with
the secretary.

I slowed my pace just in time for him to finish his last words to her,
“Thanks, Stella. I’ll get back to you on that tomorrow.” He saw me
approaching, then stood from his slump against her desk and removed his
hat. It was funny the way he always seemed to do that around me. Like he
was trying to show respect at a funeral that never ended. “Jessie?
Welcome in, son; how are you?”

I worked at my best smile, “Hey, Sheriff. Not too bad. Yourself?”

“Can’t complain. What brings you in this evening? Everything is alright,
I hope?”

I had to think fast on my feet, adapting my plan now that I had two
people to deal with. In order to get the information I needed without
suspiciously asking about a bunch of missing children, I was going to
need to get the computer all to myself, and in order to do that, I was
going to need to lure both of them away.

Luckily, my dear old dad had left me the perfect excuse.

“Everything is fine, sheriff, um, I’m actually here over some debt and
insurance issues? It’s uh, a little embarrassing, but… Well, you know
how my dad was. He didn’t leave us with a great hand, and now I’ve got a
bunch of banks and companies asking for proof of his death in order to
transfer funds around. I guess the papers we had got lost somewhere, and
I was wondering if we could get some copies?”

It wasn’t worded the best, but the sheriff still seemed to buy it,
nodding to himself before looking to Stella, “Well, son, I think the
morgue or hospital might be the better bet for all of that. We don’t
exactly—”

“Well, it’s more than just his death,” I cut back in, really playing up
my desperation. The sheriff had always been a good man—one of the few in
Stillwater—and I felt bad manipulating him, but these were desperate
times, and if we didn’t solve the red door, the issue was going to start
bleeding into his town sooner or later. “If um, we can prove that he had
a criminal record or a history of mental illness, we may be able to
mitigate some of the damages. I’m not sure how it works exactly, but…
could I get a copy of his file?”

Now I was talking completely out of my ass and only trying to sound like
I knew what I was doing, but surprisingly, it worked again. The Sheriff
and Stella played straight into their empathy, and gave each other a
look before the former nodded.

“We can see what we can do. I’m sure we can get a report of death too.
Stella, would you get on that?”

The secretary nodded and stood, “I’ll go pull the files and get them
copied. Be right back.”

“Thank you.” I smiled politely, hoping the sheriff would go with her or
retire to his other duties.. He unfortunately did not.

He studied me carefully, and I squirmed under his gaze before he finally
spoke, “You doing alright, Jess? Getting enough sleep? You’re not
looking too good.”

I nodded, “I’m fine, sir. Just lots of stress and working. You know how
it is.”

The answer seemed fine to ease his concerns, but based on the way his
posture didn’t budge, it was clear he still wanted to be present for me,
and wasn’t planning on leaving. I cursed internally, beginning to think
this was all a bust. Stella wouldn’t take too long to make copies, and I
needed to seize the window to hijack her computer before she got back.

“Oh, sure,” the Sheriff nodded sarcastically with a wink. “We’re always
rushing around in our sleepy little town where nothing ever happens.” If
he was capable of realizing the dark irony of that joke, I didn’t think
he’d be smiling.

Looking back into the station, an idea to pull him away finally came to
me, but it was a bit of a long shot. The deputies looked to be out,
which meant it must have been only the sheriff and Stella here, and for
my sake, I hoped it was.

Pulling out my phone, I tossed my hands and pointed to it, “Yeah, it’s
mainly just all this banking stuff. Work hasn’t been too bad, but it’s
just non-stop trying to keep up.” I clicked on the screen and let out a
sigh, “Speaking of…”

Opening my phone, I opened the group chat to my friends and quickly
hashed, ‘Call sheriff. Distract as long as you can. Don’t worry.’ Then
pressed send, praying that at least one of them would get the call for
help.

I was confident they did when I immediately felt my phone vibrate while
slipping it back into my pocket, but the sheriff’s eyes were back to
fixing me again, and I wasn’t about to double-take and raise any
suspicions.

“Everything okay, son?” he asked me.

“Oh, yeah, just more updates is all.”

“No, Jess, I mean…” he tapped his own chest as a mirror, and I looked
down to see that the flaps of my jacket had slipped open a little,
showing hints of the bloodstains underneath.

“Oh, y-yes, sir; I’m fine. Just an accident while helping my friend
build a shed.”

He glanced out the window behind me to my truck, and thank god I had
lumber sticking out the back to support my statement. My heart began to
thump anxiously in my chest as I was worried this meant more questions,
and less ‘him leaving’.

I was right, “That looks like a pretty serious cut, son. You may want to
head to the hospital after all—”

Brrrrrinnnggg!

Somewhere in the offices behind him, a phone sliced through the silence,
and I held my breath, praying that nobody hiding back there answered it.
The sheriff glanced over his shoulder, and relief washed over me as he
stood.

“Excuse me for a moment, Jess. I’ll have to take this.”

The man turned and started off, and as soon as he was around the corner
out of view, I dashed forward behind the desk.

Thank God for small town trust, because Stella had left her computer
unlocked and already pulled up to the department’s records system. She
looked to have been updating some misdemeanors in the area, and I hoped
she’d take it as a glitch when I closed out and skimmed the directory at
the top of the screen.

‘Open cases’

I clicked the link, and the screen flashed to a new screen, one boasting
rows of names, dates, and a small summary attached to each of what the
file had been made over. Most of them were common offenses that hadn’t
yet been solved like stolen property, vandalism, hit and run incidence;
nothing that I was looking for. I moved to the filters on the side of
the screen and clicked, ‘Missing Persons Reports’.

My heart kicked up the pace as her screen began loading, and I heard a
filing cabinet in the room next to me slam shut. A few seconds later, a
printer whirred to life. Behind me in the other room, I could hear the
faint chatter of the sheriff as he held a confused conversation on the
phone. I needed to hurry.

Seeing Casey’s name as the most recent on the list was a kick to the
face, and made my already pertinent nausea feel heavier. I clicked on it
out of curiosity and found that the only notes in there were all of our
accounts that we’d given to the police before the file abruptly ended;
still up in the air.

I swallowed, then clicked the next one on the list.

This one looked to be more complete—a stranger passing through a few
years back that had gone missing after hiking in the woods. It didn’t
end nearly as abruptly as Casey’s, and had several theories attached as
to what might have happened, mainly animal attacks. Clearly this wasn’t
a disappearance that had to do with the red door.

Going back to the main page, I scrolled up and up, skimming the
summaries as I went, focusing on the ages. Two things became apparent
very quickly. The first was that Casey and the missing stranger were
some of the oldest to disappear in our time for quite some time.

The second was that, for a small town, there were a disturbing amount of
cases in the database.

There was a hard jump in the dates, going from the man a few years back,
all the way to the 90s when the last person went missing; a 9-year-old
boy named Francis. I clicked it, and the notes were rather simple.

’Subject Francis _____ was reportedly last seen by a neighbor leaving
his home around 3:00 pm and is speculated to have been heading to the
park. Parents David and Shelly are unable to confirm if this was the
case, as they were not watching him at the time of his departure.

Addendum: Neighbor also reported loud screaming between David and Shelly
the day subject left the home. Unknown vehicle spotted in area around
the same time; Mercedes, red; convertible. Plate numbers not provided.’

A chill shot up my spine, and the mouse on the screen trembled in fear
with my hand. That was it. The only notes left about a boy who had gone
missing over twenty years ago. It was abrupt like Casey’s, no possible
leads provided like the missing traveler. It was as if the boy had
simply vanished.

It wasn’t the missing child that scared me, though. I knew where he had
gone without a doubt, especially because the vehicle listed matched the
exact description of one I’d seen in a memory up at the manor. The
memory of when the witches had brought Lucy home.

I clicked back to the main page and skimmed through to the next file—the
next child. Same thing; minimal notes, unresolved, no evidence added
later. Just a missing kid that eventually went cold.

Case after case I skimmed through as fast as I could, my stomach sinking
further with each one. Their files sometimes offered more than Casey’s
in the way of notes, as if they were open for weeks or months before
they stopped being updated, but the patterns were undoubtable. They were
being forgotten too. The door stealing people’s prints from this world
wasn’t just a new thing; it had been going on from the start.

With my fingers fumbling over the keyboard, I clicked into the search
bar of the filter and started typing names I knew. Millie, Marcus, Lucy.
The files were old, most of them scanned documents from when they were
still being taken on paper, but each of them was there, and had the same
accounts. Missing from a household that hinted at abuse, sometimes
mentioning a red car that had been seen in the area. The single thread
that could have been used to link them all, always wiped from the
collective memory before anyone could piece it together…

Lucy’s document crushed me the most to see. Her notes were barely
anything, as if nobody hardly cared to look for her, and it wasn’t even
her parents who had gone to the police in the first place. It was her
teacher nearly four days after she’d vanished.

I felt so nauseous I had to stand upright for a second and place my
hands on the desk so that I could remember how to balance. I stared
vacantly towards the lobby, trying to fit the new pieces on the board in
mind so I could link them to the other info we had.

Ironically, that was when a board in real life caught my eye first.

On the wall just next to a water cooler, there was a notice board
hanging, several PSAs and alerts tacked onto it. What trumped all other
types of documents, however, was the missing persons pictures.

They sprouted from the wall almost two full inches, plastered overtop
each other like a messy collage. Some were ripped, tattered, yellowed
and old, some looked untouched since the day they’d first been hung up.
It was a surreal sight to see pull-stub sheets for little league
donations tacked over the smiling black-and-white picture of a lost
child, as if the poster were nothing but the cork board layers beneath
it.

My mind thought back to what Lacey had said the morning we found out
Casey had been ripped from the world. About people sitting next to a
body swarming with flies, a smile on their face, completely unaware.

Seeing it in the system was different from a physical display—all the
missing reports. It wasn’t easy to quantify just how many there were on
a page you had to scroll, but seeing the layers like fossils on the wall
of children that had been ripped from their homes told me just how many
there actually were.

There was no way in hell the witches were only taking one child to raise
for several years. For the number of children on the board to be
possible, they would have to have been taking at least one child every
six months.

“Jessie?” a voice called behind me , making me nearly leap out of my
skin. I whirred on a dime and backed against the desk so hard it knocked
over a cup of pencils, which probably didn’t help the situation I was
about to have to get out of with Stella.

She stood with her arms crossed, documents I’d asked for in hand and a
scolding look on her face. Her eyes skimmed the computer screen, saw
what I was doing, then she scowled, “You aren’t allowed to be back here,
Jessie, what do you think you’re doing?”

I began backing up, “Oh, I was just, um—I didn’t mean to—”

Stella wasn’t letting me get away so easy, “Now don’t you run now, dear;
I want to know or you’re going to be in a heap of trouble, you
understand?”

I had to think fast; I couldn’t afford to get arrested right now. I
needed to be back up the mountain an hour ago, and there was no telling
how long I’d be held.

The idea came to me as soon as I looked back to the screen at Lucy’s
missing person’s case.

“I was just wondering about these cases,” I told her, pointing to the
screen, “Why were these never resolved?”

“What cases?” Stella hissed.

“Look for yourself.” I told her.

She skeptically glared at me before cautioning a look, her face going
twisted immediately as she was met with an image that, in her mind,
shouldn’t exist, “W-What? What is this? This case is almost 70 years
old—of course it wouldn’t be resolved.”

“It’s not just old though,” I pressed harder, trying to tip her over the
edge, “Who is Lucy? Why doesn’t she have any record anywhere else?”

Stella’s face scrunched even more as she squinted at the screen, then
all at once, I saw her expression relax. Her eyes glazed over, and for a
moment, she just sat there, still as a statue. I quickly rushed back
around the desk and stood on the other side just as she blinked and
turned to me.

“Oh, Jessie,” she said, the anger gone from her tone, “Sorry, I must
have spaced out for a second. Here are those files you asked for.”

I reached out and took them, “Um, thank you, ma’am; that’s all I needed.
Tell the sheriff I said thanks too, please.”

“Of course,” the woman smiled. “Have a good day, hon.”

Hustling out of the station, my head spun as I rushed towards my truck.
So much for a break—that close call tied with the horrible truth I’d
just learned had me more wound than before I’d even started. I also had
a feeling my friends weren’t going to be very happy with me when they
found out why I’d asked them to stall the sheriff, which didn’t help.

To top it all off, there was one more cherry waiting when I got to my
truck. I slowed my pace and coldly started down the person who’d pulled
up next to me.

Mom leaned against her car, arms crossed, and staring a look that could
kill. I could tell that she was waiting for me to speak first, which I
wasn’t going to do, and when she saw my lack of reaction, she shook her
head and spoke.

“I was just coming here to report you missing. Guess it’s good you
stopped by before I made a fool of myself.”

“Yeah, after a week,” I noted. “Why didn’t you call?” I already knew the
answer. She didn’t have my number.

She ignored the question and looked into the bed of my truck, scoffing
at the lumber there, “What the fuck have you been doing? Handiwork for
someone else while you already know we’ve got a whole slew of shit to
deal with at home?”

“You have a whole slew of shit to deal with at home,” I told her.

She whirled and slapped me hard across my cheek, making the world go
white for a second, and the pounding in my head thrum harder with pain.
I had to breathe deep and hard to keep my anger under control, lest I do
something stupid.

“Don’t you talk to me like that.” She hissed, “I’m supposed to just deal
with that alone? We’re a family and I’ve given you a roof over your head
your whole life. The least you can do is repay the favor—especially
after what your deadbeat father left us with.”

I didn’t respond. Just stared her down with my own look that could kill,
still trying to keep the pain in my cheek from fueling a fire I couldn’t
control. Mom was probably so used to the same looks from Dad that she
didn’t back down—didn’t even blink.

She did, however, look down at my stomach. She saw all the blood
covering her son, and the clear slash through my shirt that was the
cause, but she didn’t say anything.

“Here.” I said, slapping the bullshit files I’d just gotten into her
chest and immediately turning to leave.

“What the fuck is this?” She said, throwing them up and crumpling them
in her fist.

“My contribution,” I told her, climbing into the truck. “A list of all
the things my deadbeat father left behind. For insurance or some shit.”

I slammed the door, kicked on the engine, then backed up out of the
space, making her back against her car so she didn’t get her toes
crushed. I saw her cursing and screaming at me through the window as I
pulled out, but I didn’t care. There were bigger fish to fry, and
suddenly the relief being back in town had brought was gone. Maybe I had
been wrong earlier. Life up the mountain was hell, and I hated
everything about the red door, but at least it was simple. Wait, kill,
survive. Keep close the ones you loved.

Down here, nothing was simple. It was just one endlessly boiling pot of
filth and anger, and confusing emotions. If I stayed too long, I’d start
to absorb into it, and if there was anything that my week trapped in the
manor had shown me, it was that even though I couldn’t stay alive up
there, I could no longer live down here, either.

It was all broken, and the only way to fix it was to leave it behind and
start over somewhere new.

It was just a shame that I realized all of that too late. Also a shame
that by then, the bologna was warm.
