{Original Post} ~ {Part List}

It felt like the air pressing in around me was tar as I remained
standing among the remnants of Lucy’s final night on Earth, holding her
tight and staring down at the glowing thread that wisped from my chest.
I could barely move, and any muscles that did manage to shift did so in
near slow motion.

The sight, when paired with the same thread that was spooling from
Lucy’s corpse and into the wall of the basement, was nearly maddening,
and not just from the depravity of it all. It was maddening on a cosmic
scale. As if the knowledge of the threads wasn’t enough—as if learning
the truth of a human soul hadn’t already scarred my mind in ways that
would never recover—I was now able to see it firsthand.

Witnessing a ritual that was able to rip free a human soul had opened my
eyes, and the sight that I found was so mighty and radiant that even
closing my lids would no longer shield me from its truth. I hadn’t made
the choice to leave the philosophical cave; I had been forcefully ripped
out of it.

The feeling of nausea that accompanied the silver spool was nestled
firmly where it attached, a sensation that I’d felt many times
throughout my life, but now with a startling visual to match. It wasn’t
just the sickness that felt familiar there, though, it was so much more.
Excitement, disappointment, anger, the space that butterflies danced in
my stomach—all of my gut feelings throughout my life had been kept in
that same spot, felt in force whenever the moment demanded it.

My dawdling, shocked brain took a long time for the pieces to finally
click, but when my tiny companion noticed me staring down for quite some
time, and I saw her look at it too, I knew that I wasn’t crazy. This
wasn’t a thread that had only just now appeared…

“This has always been here, hasn’t it?” I asked breathlessly.

Lucy’s solemn eyes focused on me in silent affirmation.

Was that what the soul was, then? Just these frail little threads?
Thrumming and humming different songs as they recorded the tunes of our
lives? Were the emotions we felt more than just chemical cocktails being
cooked up in our heads?

The more I thought about it, the more I began wondering what exactly
Lucy meant. My question was vague, and ’has this always been here could
have been referring to two points of time. The moment I was born, or the
moment that I met Adeline. I was inclined to believe the latter. Gut
feelings may have been felt my whole life, but the thread that they’d
just retrieved from Lucy had needed to be cut out.

Maybe that was were they lived until a wicked witch decided to harvest
them…

Did that mean that Adeline tugged mine out the day I met her all those
years ago? Had she started a process that was supposed to be complete
mere months after it began, but I threw a wrench into the whole thing?
If that was the case, what were the consequences of walking around with
my soul exposed?

My vigorous pondering paused when I noticed that Lucy wasn’t looking at
me anymore. I had set her down and positioned myself beside her, leaving
the sight I was supposed to be protecting her from wide open. Quickly, I
blocked it again and took her in my arms before glancing over my
shoulder. The thread was finally finished unraveling from the unmoving
flesh on the ground, and Natellie and Margret began callously rolling it
up within the blood-soaked tarp.

My woes could wait. It was over, and I’d already gotten what I came here
for. There was no need to stick around.

“Why don’t you get us out of here, Luce?” I whispered softly, wiping
away her spectral tears with my thumb.

She eventually got her trembling under control and nodded, moving toward
the wall with me in tow. Reaching out and brushing the threads, we
flickered away into nothing but an empty cellar once again, a dull
afternoon sun sifting in through the side windows. I was relieved when I
turned around to find that the loathsome scene was gone, along with the
repugnant woman who had created it. All that remained was the outline of
the red door traced in its hundreds of thousands of souls.

I turned from it and fixed Lucy’s hair, trying to calm her down, “You
okay, my dear?”

She didn’t answer; only looked down at the floor and continued holding
herself.

The thread in my guts twisted and knotted, “I’m sorry to do that to you,
Lucy. What they did to you…” I stopped myself before I could twist the
knife deeper.

My little Ariadne wiped more tears away, then looked up at me, her
scared, glittering eyes speaking the words for me that she couldn’t. The
question they asked was loud, and it was one that I wondered myself.

’What now?’

I had no idea. I had witnessed the ritual, but there was nothing that
witnessing the awful thing had brought to me except for despair. There
hadn’t been any answers like we’d hoped on how to seal the door—at
least, not at first glance. The door was a loom spun of souls, but that
tapestry had now solidified, and it didn’t seem like there was any way
for us to tug it apart. Then again, maybe it wasn’t answers we’d needed;
only the insight.

I looked back down at the string in my chest, and watching it float
there, my hand glided up on its own to touch it. My throat tightened
with shock as I found that I actually could. The thread tickled across
my fingertips, silky and delicate, and as I did so, I felt my skin
tingle and prick with shivers, as if every nerve was being sparked at
once. Like a Charlie horse on my soul.

I quickly pulled away. If this was the lead we’d been looking for, I
didn’t quite know how it applied just yet. Maybe an answer would become
clear once I got back to my friends and debriefed. Now it was just a
matter of letting Lucy down easy that I was going to have to leave her
again. Doing so after having just put her through her past trauma felt
downright criminal, but as was the case since we got here, time was of
the essence.

I wanted to convince myself as I kept my gaze on her that leaving and
finding a way to destroy the door was ultimately going to save her too,
but was I really so certain that would be the case? If souls really
existed, and I now had perfect proof of it, then what became of them
after death? Was there really a heaven waiting somewhere else, or did
they simply fade away into the matter from which they came, ceasing to
ever exist?

If we destroyed the door, was that it for Lucy? A life of misery,
betrayal, imprisonment, and then nothing at all? Even after just
witnessing what had been done to her, that seemed somehow the cruelest
fate of all, but surely it had to be better than being trapped forever
in this place, right?

I opened my mouth, still trying to figure out how I was going to break
that bad news, but I never got the chance. Lucy’s eyes flickered behind
me, and her face went from sad to frenzied in an instant. Her mouth
opened wide in a scream that made no sound, but it didn’t have to for it
to be horrifying.

 The girl tried her hardest to pull my weight with what little she had,
but it did very little in the mere seconds I had, and when I turned to
see what had her so afraid, my face switched to match her.

Ripping from the ground was the other soul who occupied this place with
Lucy and I; the spider had found us. The pale woman writhed her gangly
form through the strings that stretched up from the ground, a bony hand
with slate nails reaching past her dark curtain of knotted locks. She’d
emerged so silently this time that I hadn’t even heard her coming, and
it was too late to back out of the way.

Her hand clasped tightly around my ankle, and with near-inhuman
strength, she yanked my leg out from under me. I prayed that the crash
to the floor might be enough to jolt me back to the world of the living
and away from this creature, but I wasn’t so lucky. My head hit the
floor, and the pain that followed felt different. This fragment of the
past didn’t feel so frozen or distant anymore, I felt more present than
ever, like I was physically there.

There was a tugging sensation in this way, and it was clear where it was
coming from. The spider’s hand. This creature of the thread’s grip was
somehow locking me anchoring me to this place, keeping me from escaping.

Behind me, Lucy placed both tiny hands over my shoulders and tugged
hard, but it was no use. The woman digging into my ankle might as well
have been a machine of steel and pistons with how infallible her hold
was. My heart froze in my chest when she began to drag me toward the
tear in the spectral threads she had made.

“PLEASE!” She wailed in a crackly, guttural voice so raw and filled with
desperation she sounded like all the grief of the world was resting on
her shoulders, “IT’S YOU!”

With my hands, I clawed uselessly at the concrete in an attempt to slow
my pace, and with my free leg, sent kick after kick straight into the
demon’s face. It did very little to slow her down; all she did was wail
more cries of agony and jerk her body faster toward her goal, as if the
pain was nothing compared to whatever torment she was currently
enduring.

Lucy’s grip switched from my shoulders to my neck in a full bear hug,
and she gave up trying to pull to instead go limp, hoping her weight
would be enough to slow things down. It didn’t even do so by a
microsecond, and now, both me and her were getting reeled in.

“L-Lucy! Let go!” I choked out, “Get out of here!”

The young girl didn’t obey me, and before I could protest any more, my
boot hit the threshold of strings, and that’s when everything went from
crazy to downright insane.

I’d seen the way the memories flickered when sifting through the threads
of the past, but whatever the woman was doing, it wasn’t that. The
scenes flashed by far too rapidly, and some of the spaces that I was
seeing wasn’t the basement anymore. There were rooms from the upstairs
of the manor, images from the park down in Stillwater, flashes from the
interiors of houses I’d never seen before.

It was maddening watching them all cycle by, and my nerves felt like
they were tearing in two as I was pulled deeper into it all. The point
in my chest where the thread attached was igniting with those radiating
shivers again, but more intensely, and it felt like every part of me was
being ripped out in all directions and left behind in each scene.

I was in the loom. That was the only thing I could think of. Before, I’d
been merely perusing the tapestry that the witches made; reading its
patterns from the outside. Now, I was being yanked into it; seeing
everything all at once and having my thread added to its count.

This continued for an agonizing amount of time, nearly enough that I
truly thought I would go insane. Memories flooded me; more than any
human was ever meant to hold, and finally, it all came to a stop as
harsh as a car crash with one final scene.

The ground beneath me was no longer the concrete floor of the basement
or the soft grass of a park. It was grass, but this kind was prickly and
dry, and the air smelled of its decaying rot. Around me, I could hear
the, ever-present whipping of a soft, cold wind, as well as crumbling
stone and, in the far distance, strange and inhuman wails.

The space was also staggeringly dark—so much so that for a moment, I
thought I might have actually died and gone to hell. I had the feeling
that wherever I was, it was much, much worse. In front of me somewhere,
the spider continued to grunt and wail with effort, attempting to tug me
along to an unknown destination, but that was when she stopped making
progress.

Behind me, I felt a firm yank on my shoulders, and Lucy’s arms shifted
off my neck in response. I thought it might have been her that had
somehow mustered the new strength, but then I felt a tug on the other
shoulder, then the back of my shirt. The woman holding my leg unleashed
a howl of protest, but I didn’t have to listen to it long before I left
her.

The world went bright again, and I was back in the collage of memories
from moments ago, being yanked back the way that I had come through an
opposing force. I made it only a few layers back before the woman
regained control of her grip, and next thing I knew I was the rope in a
violent game of tug-o-war.

Not that I minded, though. I would have rather been ripped in two than
brought to whatever hell the woman had tried to drag me to. Whatever
force had caught me, it was just barely stronger than her, and I
ascended back up through the layers for what felt like an uncertain
eternity.

Then, finally, after thousands of flashes and flickers, a new sound
apart from the woman’s screams cut through, and I’d never been more
happy to hear it.

“Keep pulling!” Bryce cried, unbridled frenzy in his voice.

I had finally broken the last layer and been snapped back to the plane
that I had come from, but I was far from out of the woods. Even though
everything I’d just seen should have been inside of my head, I was still
caught by the left foot, the appendage somehow fused through a dark
puddle of ichor formed on the floor as if it were a hole. Within it,
somewhere below, I could feel the woman’s bony hand still grappling me
tightly.

Behind me, each of my friends had a tight hold and were hoisting me
back, causing me to uproot the woman from the shadows like a rotten
ground crop. I no longer felt Lucy clinging to my back, but then again,
I wasn’t feeling much of anything in that moment. My head felt like it
was about to split in two from nausea as all of the stretched time I’d
just been subjected to compressed back into a single instance that my
mortal mind could understand.

It wasn’t the only madness I needed to comprehend.

The thread from my chest that I had been seeing in the visions with
Lucy; it wasn’t gone. Here, in the physical plane, I could still see it
sticking out of my chest, and unlike inside the layers beneath it, it
didn’t just vanish a few inches in front of me. This one kept going
straight ahead, creating a perfect path to the Red Door. That wasn’t all
though; around my waist and tangling my chest, it snarled around myself
in a dizzying mess, and I could see strands of it tugging off in
directions behind me.

That was all the time I had to take it in before the woman from the
shadows let out another bloodcurdling shriek, one that filled the space
around us as if she was everywhere at once. It became focused to one
point as her tangled nest of a head began to rise from the same puddle
my leg was caught in.

“NO!”

She hollered with all she had, a wailing so desperate that buried
somewhere in my horror I almost felt pity for her. It didn’t last long
as she began scaling further up my body as if it were a ladder letting
her out of the dark pit she’d come from. I could smell her rancid breath
with each broken gasp, and her cracked black nails threatened to tear
into me with each yank.

No, that wasn’t right—she wasn’t scaling my body, she was only using it
for support. Her real means of escape only became clear when the pain
finally hit me.

 

Her other hand gripped my thread, that still hung taut in the air,
pulling herself along it as if she weighed nothing at all.

Her very physical hand somehow gripped the spectral matter stitched into
my guts, and when she tugged it, I felt my body fill with gnawing
static. A scream burst through my gritted teeth as I felt like I was
having my nervous system ripped out, and I quickly regretted thinking
that I wouldn’t have minded being torn in two.

“Jessie, hang on!” Kait said in my ear. Her arm was wrapped tight across
my chest so tightly I couldn’t tell where her arm ended and my skin
began.

“Fuck!” I heard Lacey cry from my left. Over my shoulder I could see her
head on a swivel, and it quickly became apparent what she was looking
for. The shotgun. “Give one last heave!” she shouted, “give it
everything!”

My friends obeyed, and for a terrifying moment, my body slipped back
towards the demon. Then, all at once, I was yanked back with everyone’s
weight, buying us a few extra inches of distance that we didn’t have
before.

Lacey unlatched from everyone and dove swiftly for the gun on the floor.
Even just loosing her weight alone made our fight a losing battle, and
just as fast as we’d gained ground, I began to lose it. My ass slipped
across the floor, followed by all of my friends until silence burst into
my eardrums, and a flash filled the left side of my vision. Lacey had
made it to the trigger just in time to blast the woman across her face.

The force from the blast was strong enough to send her thrashing onto
her side, and in the process her grip slipped off my foot and the
thread. She screamed, but somehow even the impact of a full slug bashing
the side of her skull wasn’t enough to kill her, only crudely splatter
part of her skull and the wad of wet locks that came with it.

Now free, I quickly kicked against the ground away from her, but I
hardly needed to with how forcefully I was already being dragged by my
friends. Lacey stepped away from the scene too, and with one last
shriek, the woman’s warbled voice cried, “N-NO! PLEASE! HELP ME!”

Then, I watched as she horrifyingly slipped back into the shadow from
which she’d emerged from. Everyone in the room sat panting in place for
a while, all of us too afraid to move. Lacey sure as hell didn’t take
the gun off the puddle.

Kait spoke after a few moments, her hand softly patting my chest, “Jess?
Are you okay? What the hell just happened?”

I swallowed, then tried to remember how to speak, “I… I don’t know. I
was hoping you could all tell me. Where did I just go?”

“You were just sitting there like you usually do on the other side,
talking, and then out of nowhere you started getting dragged across the
floor.”

“I was here the whole time?”

“No,” Kait panted, “Once you got pulled to the shadows, you started to
sink into them. We could hear that thing screaming but couldn’t see her.
Not until we pulled you back out with her.”

I tried to theorize how that was possible, but with my brain still so
rattled, I could barely think straight. All I could offer was my
gratitude, “Well, thank God you were all here, I don’t think even three
of us would have—”

As I talked, I finally sat up and turned around, but when I laid eyes on
my friends, I nearly staggered over in surprise at what I found. The
thread from my chest; it didn’t just coil around myself and run to the
red door. Those portions of it that twisted over my shoulders and ran
off behind me, they were now in the front, and they ran tangled between
my friends.

From my ribs, a strand ran to coil up Lacey’s stomach and all over her
arms before bridging over to Bryce, where it tied a fine noose around
his neck. It snaked down from there across his shoulders where it then
spread to Carly who’d gotten it all the same, then to Kait, snaking over
her the most. Her arms, her legs, her torso, and even parts of her face.
She practically looked like a Christmas tree covered in tinsel with how
much was on her.

The most haunting part wasn’t even the way it wrapped my friends,
however. It was the way that it hooked tautly around the pillar of the
stairs, then ran up them out of sight. Out into the world.

I didn’t realize how long I’d been standing there, gawking, until Carly
snapped me out of it, “Jess? What’s wrong is everything okay?”

“What happened in there?” Bryce added, “What did you see?”

It should have been an easy question to answer, all things considered. I
may not have understood the cosmic logic of the insanity I’d just
witness during my astral journey, but as far as just explaining what I
physically saw—the ritual, the threads, the place the woman had dragged
me too—it was all fairly straightforward. It was what I had gone in
there for in the first place.

And yet, I found my tongue rolling back to keep the words from falling
out.

The truths and insights I’d just gained were lofty, and the thread that
currently coiled me and my friends like a serpent waiting to choke the
life from us made things far more complicated. All it took was that one
question from Bryce for me to finally put the pieces together.

I had seen the ritual that would have taken this thread from me. I had
seen the truth about the day I was supposed to be taken. I had seen the
memory of Adeline and her siblings arguing over what happened if their
target had gotten away from them. The witch may have reassured her
sisters that all would be okay, but that clearly wasn’t the case.

Whatever Adeline did to me the day we met, it set a process in motion
that was never finished, and they had no idea the rippling effect it
would cause. Perhaps she thought my exposed thread would fade with time,
or perhaps she just didn’t care, but whatever the case, it simply kept
unravelling.

As I shifted in place, I could see the spectral thing retracting and
extending from me like a tape measure, becoming whatever distance it
needed to be in order to return to the red door. I wondered how long it
was when Adeline must have drawn it from my young self in Stillwater all
the way up to this house. I wondered how many things it got tangled on
along the way. Buildings, light posts, trees.

People. People like my friends who were absolutely layered in it.

And it wouldn’t have stopped there. Adeline never got her hands on me.
She never came back to finish the job, which meant my thread over all of
these years was following me and dragging across anything that came into
its path. I started counting in my head all the moments I might have
brushed too close to somebody. All the times I may have embraced my
friends only to tangle them up more in my mess.

And maybe none of it would have mattered—it hadn’t the last 20 or so
years thus far—but the story didn’t end with me getting away. Adeline
found a new child to plug into the door in my stead, and evidently the
door didn’t like that. It wanted the thread it was already feeding on.

“IT’S YOU!” the spider-woman had screamed back at Kait’s apartment,
“IT’S YOU!”

Something must have failed after the new child’s thread was fed to the
door, maybe just not right away. Maybe things seemed fine when the
sisters sealed themselves inside their new Eden of bones, but by the
time it started to fall apart, it was too late. They needed my thread
after all, but now there was no way to get it. Just how Mindy sealed the
door a second time, there must not have been a way for them to open it
once they were locked in.

But why?

These were witches that allegedly made a paradise of their own, and
ascended to godhood. What was stopping them from turning the knob on a
simple door? There had to be a magic to it that I wasn’t understanding
yet. After all, they seemed to still hold some influence outside the
barrier.

After it was opened once, they were able to do so endlessly afterward
with no issues. Hell, they were able to send horrific minions through it
to carry out their twisted bidding. Even mentally, whatever force lay
behind the door had been able to call out to Mindy; how had that been
possible if they were trapped?

My answer seemed to lie in the last thing I’d just witnessed. The final
form of influence that could reach beyond the door. The pale woman who
lurked among the loom, and the thread that grew from my chest.

Watching her rip herself from the shadows a moment ago finally revealed
to me how she was able to break into our world, leaving poisonous
whispers in Mindy’s head and sometimes breaking through to our plane in
an attempt to steal me away. It was the same as her world; the threads.

She’d become a part of them, like Lucy, and trapped there like her too.
Just like the little girl, she could only move around the spaces within
the confines of the threads, but since I was a frayed part of the loom—a
torn piece of string that unraveled across miles and miles of the
earth—I’d effectively extended her web to the entirety of Stillwater and
beyond.

But it didn’t stop there. As I watched my friends shift in front of me,
I could see the spool shifting with them, the line extending and
shrinking between spaces the same way it did from my chest. It wasn’t
just me leaving a trail. I had tangled all of them up over our years of
friendship, and with them carrying parts of my string, they’d moved
about their lives completely unaware they were also stringing everyone
up within the matter of my soul. All of their families and friends.
Their homes and pets.

Their roommates.

Roommates like Kaitlynn’s. Roommates like Mindy, who was eventually
lured here through the whispers of the door to open it and free the dark
beings dwelling on the other side. If the pale woman had really wanted
me all this time, there was nothing stopping her from taking me the way
she’d just attempted during any of my younger years. That meant she had
to have physically escaped only once the door itself was opened, but in
order to free herself, she had to get someone to do it for her.

But that part didn’t make sense to me, or maybe I just didn’t want it
to. Why Mindy? If I was the one the door needed, and the creature of the
threads was able to reach into the minds of others to tempt them to the
manor, why did it not begin with me? Why did the accursed slab of wood
have to ruin everyone else’s lives and create such a complicated trap
just to lure me to this place?

There had to be an explanation for why it couldn’t reach me directly,
but that was another law of the magic I just didn’t understand yet.
Whatever the case though, part of me had a sneaking suspicion that Mindy
might not have even been the correct target. It couldn’t have been a
coincidence that the household the door chose to call out to was the
same one Kait lived in.

And with that variable in mind, it finally ended the debate between the
two of us. Kait’s fears were unfortunately true. The house was never
after her; it was always after me. It had only been trying to use her as
a tool to guide me back to the scarlet door, and if anyone needed to be
given up to seal it once more, that person was me.

And that was what made Bryce’s question so hard to answer. What had I
seen? Because if I told my friends the whole truth, they might figure it
all out the same way I just had. They might put the pieces together
themselves, and then they would never let me do the job that needed to
be done.

“I saw the ritual,” I answered, “It was… God, it was horrible. We were
right; the kids, they were…” Thankfully, my horror from remembering the
scene was strong enough that it hid the lie I tacked onto it, “I don’t
think I learned anything, though. They just sacrificed the kids like
we’d thought, and the door must have absorbed them.”

Lacey shook her head in desperation, “There was no spell they chanted or
anything? No magic words that could help us or anything like that?”

I already felt the guilt creeping into my chest at my refusal to give
them hope, but I didn’t linger on it. They wouldn’t need to be clawing
for hope soon once this was all over. Lacey’s question did raise another
notion in my head, however. I may have been what the door wanted, but
Mindy had managed to seal it before we got here while being completely
detached from it. With my new eyes, there might still be more insight to
gain.

“Where’s Mindy’s Go-Pro?” I asked.

Carly ran upstairs to find the device, then everyone gathered around and
looked over my shoulder as I sat in a chair and booted up Mindy’s last
recording. The one where she sealed the door on herself.

We had watched the recording countless times by now, trying to glean
even the smallest clue from it. That meant that I knew all the sounds by
heart. The rhythm of Mindy’s footsteps pounding the floor as she ran,
the rasp of her breath with each bound, her small whispered reassurances
to herself that everything was going to be okay. It was no different
this time around, and by the time Mindy reached the door in the
recording, I was already losing hope that there would be anything
different.

But then she looked down at the knob, and my breath hitched.

There within the shot, sticking out of her chest in the same place as
mine, Mindy had a spectral thread. It was faint and barely perceptible
through the lens of the camera, but unmistakable to my opened eyes.
Somehow, while lost in the labyrinth behind the red door, the girl had
found herself tangled with the loom as well, and now her soul was also
attached.

It became clear to me that her vision had also ascended like mine when
she reached down and took it in her hands.

I tried not to show any emotion on my face as I watched the video,
hoping that my friends wouldn’t notice that I was seeing something they
couldn’t. If I was about to finally see how Mindy sealed the door, I
couldn’t have any of them knowing that I’d learned the same secret. At
least, not until after I was gone, just in case…

With the thread in her hand, Mindy stretched it out to the knob of the
door, hooking it around the thing several times before pulling the
length over to the latch. Just like the sounds at the video’s beginning,
I knew her motions by heart; me and everyone else had tried them over
and over again on the door hoping that by some miracle they would
produce the same results. I watched her do them again this time, but now
with the string visible to my eye, I had never felt so stupid for not
recognizing the gestures.

She wasn’t casting a spell. She was tying knots around the door and its
functions.

Back and forth she darted the spool, looping one side of the knob before
hooking it over the latch, then slipping it around to the other side of
the plate to catch that knob too. After a few seconds of frantic tying,
what Mindy had spun was a perfect tension cradle between the knobs, a
dazzling, sparkling infinity loop that from its angle, wouldn’t allow
the door to be unlatched and pushed open once closed, only pulled from
the outside.

There was only one problem. The thread that held it all together was
running backward into the hall she’d just come from, and to keep the
knot in place, she had to ensure it stayed there.

Mindy looked out at the freedom beyond the door, then with a heavy sigh,
she pulled the door shut.

From there, I let the video play out, just a little longer to sell that
I hadn’t seen anything new to my friends. I let it play until the moment
Mindy finished gloating to whatever it was that lay in the depths of the
hallway, then paused it, leaving her victory over the presence
immortalized forever.

Then, I sat there in silence with everyone else as they eyed me
expectantly. I couldn’t believe after all this time I had finally
figured it out. I knew how to close the door. I knew how to free us from
this nightmare. Now it was just a matter of when.

“Anything catch your eye?” Lacey pleaded, “Anything that lined up with
the ritual?”

I shook my head as neutrally as possible, “No. Unfortunately not.”

I know I wasn’t thinking very far ahead. My own death wasn’t really a
concern in the slightest; any anxiety about it was masked by images of
my friends’ pained tears and gnashing teeth over this whole ordeal.
They’d been through far too much at this point, and I would give
anything to free them from it.

What I should have at least been considering was what happened once I
turned myself over to the door. The ‘ambivalent scenario’ was that the
witches within simply got what they wanted, and their stupid accursed
door would be fixed. Whatever paradise they’d been living in before it
all went to hell would be fixed, and they could finally stop ruining
lives from the world they’d killed to get out of.

There may not be any justice in it for Casey, or Mindy, or any of the
children, but at least it would be over, and the door wouldn’t be able
to hurt anyone ever again. I hated the thought of them winning, but when
the game was already rigged so far against us, any other outcome never
seemed like an option.

Worst-case scenario was that the ritual was broken to begin with, and me
giving myself to the door didn’t fix anything. It would remain as cursed
as ever, and continue to try to spew its monstrous kin out into the
world to claim more victims. If this was the case, however, it would
still be an okay end. At least the barrier would be sealed like it was
before, and this time, I would be sure to leave behind plenty of
warnings for whoever came after not to open it. I’d ensure it stayed
shut.

Either way, it seemed like so long as I tied the same latch as Mindy,
the door stay would shut. After all, she had been captured after sealing
it, and even after her presumed death, her seal on the knob stayed tied.
If the pale woman and the forces behind the door had ascended into the
loom, then it seemed like they no longer had the capacity to physically
manipulate the strings the way we could—that was why the pale woman
could only drag herself along mine, not move it or pull me closer.
They’d shed their mortal forms and trapped themselves by doing so.

The first order of business was simple, but it was going to be the
hardest. I needed to get my friends away from the manor, and for a long
time at that. Long enough for me to disappear from their minds once the
door took me.

Everyone was hawking each other to make sure nobody tried to play hero,
and I was especially under suspicion after my outburst with Kait about
which one of us got to die; especially from Kaitlynn herself. Even as we
sat there in the aftermath of watching the video again, I could feel her
eyes pressed into my cheek, discerning whether she could trust the act I
was putting on or not. Thankfully, I think she did.

The logistics of escape wasn’t the hardest part, however—I was sure I
would find an excuse. The hard part was the goodbye itself. Keeping
myself together emotionally long enough for them to not catch on when we
did part. Saying my last words without tears in my eyes as they walked
out the door, never for me to see them again. My heart ached for lying
to them, but it ached even more that I’d pulled them into this mess in
the first place.

I had always been a waste of space. It was time to actually be useful.

We lingered in the basement together for a little longer as I went over
a few more details of what I had seen, but I made sure the entire time
to tread carefully with my words, not giving any of the full truth away.
From there, the group bounced a few more ideas back and forth on what to
do next, but they were as hollow and hopeless as all the other plans
we’d had thus far, and eventually they began to peel off one by one,
moving into the upstairs to make food or rest.

I stayed put downstairs to watch the door, and of course, Kait stayed
with me to make sure I didn’t try anything. We sat in silence for a
while before she pulled her pack of American Spirits from her pocket and
lit one up. After a few drags, she offered it to me.

Her enchanting pools gleamed beneath the cherry glow as I took a deep
inhale of the nicotine, and they didn’t stray from me. Once I was done
and handed it back to her, she spoke.

“You seem more defeated than usual.”

I expected her tone to be accusatory given that’s how all of our
conversations had been the last few days, but it wasn’t. It was the
familiar gentle softness that she’d left on the porch upstairs all those
months ago when we walked into this place.

I snickered, trying to cover my tracks, “Can you blame me?”

“I mean, after seeing that ritual,” she explained, “Are you sure you’re
okay? You didn’t see anything in there that you’re not telling me?”

Again, her voice was still so tender and worried, no resentment there to
aid me in my callous lies. My heart physically hurt to look into her
eyes; the sheer love and care I held for her. It made me sick to know I
was leaving her. It made my whole life feel like one big twisted farce
that after I did, she wouldn’t even remember I existed anymore.
Everything between us, gone in an instant.

The glow of my thread that tangled between us dulled and flickered with
the sunken feeling that followed, and I couldn’t help but reach for her.
I saw her breath hitch on her cigarette drag when my fingers touched her
face. Softly, I brushed them up through her bangs, cleaning them from
her eyes and untangling the first knot of many that I’d wrapped around
her.

The thread slackened as it slipped from her head, then reeled back into
my chest, as if it had never been there at all.

“I’m just tired is all Kait,” I whispered softly. Then, as if it would
justify my actions, I added, “I’m so tired. Aren’t you?”

She nodded, then leaned into my hand as it came to rest on her cheek.
Her own moved up to cover it, while her other one let ashes fall from
her cigarette onto the floor. The sensation was the exact justification
I’d been looking for.

The touch itself wasn’t enough though. I flipped my hand to take her
palm, then gave it a tug. She fell under its gravity and followed it out
of her chair, moving across the space between us till she was near. Once
there, she held the cigarette up and placed it between my lips, then
delicately lifted a leg, slipping it onto my lap followed by the other.
My hand instinctively moved to hold her waist close.

Once she was fully seated on me with her arms wrapped around my neck,
she pressed her forehead into my nape, nestling there with closed eyes
and breathing softly. I took another pull of the cigarette, then dowsed
it against the chair leg, letting it fall so that I could focus only on
holding her.

My own eyes slipped shut, peace washing through me with each heartbeat.
We probably looked a mess there, torn and tattered, tangled up in the
gnarled loops of my thread. I still squeezed her like she was a perfect
treasure, and held her like it would be the last time.

It probably would be…

 
