It’s my job to study ancient human culture as an anthropological
archaeologist. In my old years I’ve studied the vast cities of Rome, all
the way to the old kingdom of Babylon. From relics and preserved
scriptures I’d like to say I’ve gotten pretty good at piecing together
the immense history of human society. I’d like to think of myself as an
expert. One of my colleagues has recently sent me something strange, and
although I have been retired for a while now, I couldn’t help but to be
completely intrigued with his discovery. I’ve spent hours trying to
piece even what point of history it came from, let alone what kind of
society its owner heralded from. It’s a journal along with a note my
colleague wrote. The journal is rather primitive itself, but is written
in English and despite its age- almost completely preserved. Needless to
say I’m stumped so I’ve decided to transcribe it below and hopefully
someone else can pick up the mantle in a manner of speaking, and maybe
they could share some insight that I’m missing.

Entry #1
The Deus Soli Kingdom has been clean for a very long time, but the
Century Plague is back. I fear I may need to explain because despite how
normal that may sound to a citizen like me, I- WE know essentially
nothing of the outside world. Past our tall sanctuary walls, past the
ever expansive forest, the world that dwells beyond our pocket of it is
an utter mystery. So, naturally I have no idea what customs and cultures
you may have, for whomever could be reading this. In our kingdom, we
enjoy tremendous pleasantries. Bountiful harvests year long, lovely
housing for all, and all the beautiful comforts a kingdom can provide
its citizens within its walls. But I’ve been sentry almost my entire
life, trained and gilded by a warrior’s honor ever since I was a kid. 

The only thing that has been drilled into me more than my training, is
the warnings of the plague that occurs every century. I’ve never been
too full of belief though, it all sounded far too…fantastical. But now
I’ve borne witness to its distasteful destruction, and my doubts have
been twisted into disgust. People falling in the streets, with
massive-fungal lumps that spread across their body before bursting into
pungent spores revealing strange flowers the likes of which I’ve never
seen. As a sentry, my duty is to keep people inside the safety of our
kingdom’s walls. Safe from the dangers that lie in the forest
surrounding us, but now I can’t imagine any place that scares me more
than our little home here in the middle of nowhere. 

As the story goes, every 100 years our peace and comfort is ripped apart
by a destructive scourge that drives us mad and obliterates anyone
unfortunate enough to be infected. And during that period of horrible
devastation, a random, healthy individual, takes on the moniker of “the
Adventurer”. Their duty is to take a caravan of other healthy
individuals and whatever supplies they can muster to venture into the
forest in search of a cure. The stories never mention how the cure is
obtained, or where in the forest it may be, but every adventure made is
successful in ridding the blight for another 100 years. Apparently, this
time around I’ve been selected to be the Adventurer. 

I’ve already gathered the horses, supplies, and the people I’ll be
making this journey with. I didn’t get much of a choice on who to bring,
I could only find a few people healthy enough, and willing enough, to
join me on this endeavor. Bernthal, my fellow sentry and brother in
arms. He’s skilled with the sword but always seemed more interested in
bar wenches than taking his job seriously. Betty, an old shrew who owns
one of those shabby pubs that Bernthal likes to visit. When I asked her
if she’d be willing to come she said, “Well it ain’t like I’m gonna get
much business with everyone dyin’ and all”. Timothy the town nut, he has
something wrong with his head that makes him sometimes turn into someone
he names “timid Timmy”.
Timid Timmy doesn’t talk much.
 And finally, the only medic I was allowed to take, Samantha.

I also purchased this journal thinking I should chronicle our journey.
Maybe if I make it back, I could use this to tell the story of our
endeavor. Or maybe I could pass it on to someone we meet on the outside.
Who knows, we might even become famous! I don’t know of any prior
adventurers that have thought of the same thing. For all I know, it
could even help the next adventurer in finding the cure. Maybe it’ll
become a story of heroism passed along as it travels the world, who
knows? We set out tomorrow with horses and 2 cattle drawn carriages
hauling our supplies, but if I’m being honest I’m a little scared. I’ve
been taught to never let anyone past the walls, (it’s my duty afterall)
but I never knew why. I certainly never tried to find out and I’ve
stayed inside the walls since I was conceived. I don’t even know what
I’m looking for, just what I’ve been told by the kingdom’s elders;
“Follow the signs. You’ll be certain to know when you’ve found it”. For
now, I’ll push down this uneasiness and sleep on it. My only concern
should be to stay healthy until tomorrow.

Entry #2
We decided to use the only trail leaving the kingdom. Every 6 months,
one of the elders will use the trail to take goods out to a village far
outside the forest in order to barter them for supplies we can’t usually
obtain here. They’ll take a cattle drawn carriage(almost like we’re
doing) and be accompanied by one of the palace sentinels for protection.
When they are incredibly shorthanded or busy though, they’ll
occasionally nab one of us sentries instead. This is an extreme rarity
of an occurrence though. The only sentry I personally know that has
tended one of these supply runs is Bernthal. So, as we were getting our
supplies in order, I decided to ask him, “Do you mind if I inquire with
you about something?”
“What ails you brother?”, he responded. 
“Well, it’s just that I was wondering why I was the one selected to be
the Adventurer. You’re the only one I know that has left these castle
walls, so why was I chosen by the elders?”, I asked.
“Perhaps because you take your job too seriously”, he chuckled. Anxiety
must’ve been painted all over my face though because he pondered for a
moment then added on, “Listen, I don’t understand what process the
elders use for selecting their candidate to be the adventurer. They
could draw straws for all I know. I’ve only accompanied the elders to
the trading village once so it’s not like I have much experience than
you. They teach us to be deathly afraid of what’s out there, but I know
that together we’ll be fine. We’re both warriors afterall. I never
encountered anything out there that should raise concern, besides, we’re
already ready to take off so there’s no backing out now.”
I admit, this did calm me down a bit “You’re right, gather the caravan
so we depart quickly.”, I replied. He looked at me, then nodded, and
told the other 3 to finish loading up their supplies so they may meet
with me to discuss travel arrangements. 

The trail would be big enough to accompany only carriage at a time. The
forest trees are spaced out enough, and the forest floor flat enough,
that if we needed to deviate we could keep the same formation. Bernthal
would be riding his horse in front, with the main carriage behind him,
the second carriage behind them, and my horse carrying me on the flank.
The largest carriage would be our main supplies. Plenty of water, food,
cooking and eating utensils, straw and sheets for camping, and any
medical supplies we could fit. It also had a barrel of liquor that Betty
brought for “morale”, but knowing her it was most likely to make a sale
if we met anyone out there. The second carriage was mostly utility items
as it was much smaller and could carry less. An axe for chopping wood, a
couple of lanterns, some flint and steel, a pot of red clay,  and a keg
of gunpowder. The plan was to travel the trail and watch for any of the
signs the elders spoke of, and deviate accordingly if needed. 

I explained this all to them and proceeded to explain which carriage
would be managed by who. “Betty, you’re most acquainted with leading a
cattle drawn carriage so you’ll be taking the main one.” “Why are you in
the rear? You’re the big shot adventurer.”, she grumbled. “Because
Bernthal is the only one who knows the trail, and I don’t want to leave
the flank unguarded” I replied. “Samantha you’ll be with her, since the
main carriage has the medical supplies and you’re the only one who knows
how to use and maintain them.”  “Yes sir.” she replied with sheepish
obedience. I looked over at Timothy and he was sulking with his head
hung low staring at the ground. “Timothy?”, I tried getting his
attention but he didn’t acknowledge me. “Timothy I need you to work wi-“

“I never agreed to come with you”, he interrupted me. Honestly I was
kind of taken aback, no matter who calls himself he’s never so abrasive.
“What do you mean? You told me you were more than fine with it. In fact,
you told me it would be an honor.”
“Timothy said he would, but I never did. I don’t wanna go out there.
Don’t make me go out there.” He finally raised his head to look at me. I
could tell by the tone of his voice that he was no longer Timothy, and
despite being at least a decade older than me, I couldn’t help but to
see him as a child when he was like this . His deep sunken eyes were
stricken with sadness and anguished fear leaving nothing but sympathy in
my heart for him. 

I didn’t want to make this journey either, but Samantha doesn’t know how
to handle animals and Timothy is a farmhand, so I needed him to operate
the second carriage. Besides, despite what people say about him, Timothy
is far more capable than he is given credit for. “Timmy, there’s nothing
to be afraid of. I know it’s scary leaving your home, but I promise
Bernthal and I will guard you. Our people need us, and this plague isn’t
going to settle down on its own.” 
“Yeah but they’re always making fun of me, calling me mean names and
running me off when they see me.” His words came out as a stifled whine.
“Maybe, but if you stay it’s likely you’ll get infected too. Whatever
those assholes can say or do won’t hurt nearly as much as the blight
stewing here.” I said, trying to persuade him.
His head hung low again like a pouting child and I heard him mutter
quietly, “how could I even be any help? I can’t do many things…”
 “Can you steer cattle?” I asked.
 He stared at his feet that were now kicking at the dirt beneath him.
“Yeah…”
 “That’s great Timmy, that’s all I need you to do. Could you do that for
me?”
He stood there, continuing to kick the dirt for a long moment before
stopping and replying with a soft, “Yeah…”

We loaded everyone into their spots, forming our caravan. As we began to
head out, I turned around to take one last look at the sanctuary that
had kept us safe and comfortable all our lives. My eyes darted to a
corpse that laid next to one of the many shops in the town square. It
was bloated, skin turned yellow with puss as a crow picked at its face
to tear an eye out its socket. Butterflies surrounded it, pollinating
the bright strange flowers that had burst from the lumps strewn across
its body. In a way it was both grisly and beautiful.

Entry #3
We were traveling nearly all afternoon when I heard Bernthal order
everyone to stop moving. I quickly rode my horse to the front of the
caravan, checking in on everybody as I passed. When I got to him he
looked at me with a confused face. “The trail forks out from here.”, he
said. “So…which way do we go?” I responded. “You don’t understand
brother, this fork wasn’t here before. When I accompanied the elders on
their route the trail only veered off to the right like it is here.” He
was pointing to the path that, sure enough, veered to the right. Looking
at it, it did seem like it was always a natural part of the trail. But
at the corner a path continued straight, almost with a man made
appearance. The straight path looked like it had never been walked on
before, it unnaturally jutted out from the corner and was thinner than
the one we’ve been traveling on. Trees seemed to line the sides of the
path, casting large shadows over it with their wide canopies. “What do
you say we do brother?”

“The elders said there would be signs, my guess is this is one of them.
We’ll continue straight on and see where this takes us.” I yelled over
to Timothy to bring the pot of red clay, then marked a tree on the path
facing the direction we’d be heading. “Everybody, stay close together
and tread slowly. From this point on we head into uncharted territory.
Bernthal, head to the rear and I’ll stay up front. I’ll try to keep an
eagle eye out for any more signs as I lead.” He gave me a slight nod,
then motioned his horse to the back of the caravan. Once I was sure he
was in position I slowly trotted my horse down the path. As we
continued, I realized that the forest had gone dreadfully quiet. The
buzzing of the bugs, the calls of the birds, were all but nonexistent.
The only sounds were the stretching of timber and swaying of leaves on
the trees as the breeze hit them.

The further we pushed on, the thicker canopy got over us. Like traveling
through the darkening tunnel, the shadows cast from the thickening
canopy grew dimmer, completely engulfing us in their abyss. I kept
having us periodically stopping so I could mark more trees with clay,
but I eventually stopped as I realized it would be pointless with how
close together they’ve grown. Eventually, there wasn’t even enough space
between them for a person to pass through. We were confined to our
simple linear route. After what felt like forever, I saw daylight
cutting into the path ahead like a knife. I got us closer, and realized
we were approaching a clearing. A huge circular pasture of short grass,
with daisies and large white flowers sprinkled about. I stopped to turn
around and let everyone know, marking the final tree along the path with
clay and ushering everyone to the clearing.

I was only able to get both carriages out to the clearing before I heard
Bernthal’s horse neighing. I turned to see Bernthal struggle to get his
horse into the clearing. It just kept neighing, stomping on the soil in
front of it. Bernthal looked at me with confusion and nudged his horse
forward one more time. “What’s wrong with your horse?” I asked. “I don’t
know, she’s been perfectly fine up until now.” He took a moment to
examine her, then scanned the path ahead for anything that would be
causing her so much anxiety. Nothing sat ahead of him, not even a stray
twig. “Maybe she’s tryna tell us we left something behind.” He joked
with a nervous chuckle, before making one last attempt at making her
move forward.

It all happened so fast. I barely had time to react, and when I could,
all I was able to do was watch. He whipped the reins with a “giddy up”
but out of nowhere, his horse started violently bucking. It swayed,
crashing hard into the trunks of the trees on both sides. Bernthal was
desperately trying to regain control of his steed, doing everything in
his power to calm her down, but continued to screech and thrash around
wildly. After several minutes of being thrown around like a ragdoll on
top of his horse, he flew off backwards and she bucked one more time. I
heard her hooves meet his head with a sickening crunch, making me wince.
His horse bolted with all of its speed back down the tunnel. I
immediately headed over, and got to his aid but I fear I may have been
too late.

The others closed in behind me, I’m guessing they heard the commotion
and wanted to see what was happening. I was staring at an unrecognizable
face, red and swollen all over. Blood seeped across his face, trickling
from every orifice. He tried to turn over to me and I thought he was
going to say something, but instead he coughed blood and broken teeth
and began what I could only imagine was a pain induced moan. Sounded
more like a gargled cough, spitting out more blood and pieces of his maw
with each groan. I was speechless, a constant stream of tears flowed
from his eyes before mixing with the dark red that spurted from his
mouth and nose. Betty was the first one to say something. “Fuck! That
looks bad, like really fucking bad. I’ve seen some people get really
fucked up in bar fights, but…fuck, it looks like someone tried to cave
his head in with a hammer”. 

“Get out of the way, I need to make sure he’s still breathing okay.”,
Samantha jutted in. She rushed over with bandages she grabbed from the
cart and rested his head on a nearby branch while she examined him. “His
jaw and nose are definitely broken. At the very least no broken teeth or
clotting blood is blocking his airways. We need to get him to the
clearing so I can see the extent of his injuries better in the daylight.
Timothy, can you set up a straw bed to put him on so he can get some
rest?” Timothy looked down on Bernthal who was now wheezing then said,
“Y-yeah, I’ll get on it. Any idea what scared his horse so bad? Had to
be something terrible to have it bucking like that for so long.” He was
still stuck watching the broken man before us before Samantha finally
snapped at him coldly. “Timothy! Now!”. He nearly jumped out his skin,
then rushed over to the carriage while I grabbed Bernthal’s legs and
Betty grabbed him by the shoulders.

We carried him over to the straw matting that Timothy was setting up and
Samantha got to work bandaging him up and draining his nose. Timothy
walked over to me, both our eyes still locked on the man that looked
like he survived a bludgeoning. “Any idea where his horse ran off too?”
He asked. “Yeah, it bolted down the path we came from, why?” “Horses can
scare easier than people think, but to have it go crazy like that…” He
paused for a moment to think before continuing, “…it was more like it
got shot by an arrow is all. If we had her here we could at least check
for injuries that could’ve set her off like that.” He was right, from
where I stood it was as if something stabbed into it with scorched iron
to set it off. But, it was no injury that caused this accident, I saw
the whole thing. For whatever reason, that horse wanted absolutely
nothing to do with this clearing. Timothy patted me on the shoulder and
said, “I’m sorry about your comrade, I’ll get Betty to help me set up
camp. This clearing should be a nice place to get ready for the night,
the best we can do now is make it as comfortable as we can for him.” I
nodded, neither of our eyes looking away from Bernthal. He did have a
point, so I patted him back and said,  “You’re right, I’ll get the axe
and start chopping wood.” With that, we made our way to the carriage to
get started on jobs we’ve set for ourselves. I spent the evening
circling the edge of the clearing, cutting down small saplings, logs,
sticks, anything that I could quickly gather to burn for the night.
After finishing the circle, I brought everything I could carry back to
the campsite. 

I propped all of the wood in a triangle formation, getting it ready for
a bonfire. I made my way to the cart and grabbed our cooking utensils,
then some salted meat out of a burlap sack. The sun was beginning to
set, so I thought of cooking us a meal for the night. Timothy had
already pitched everyone their tents. Something tells me Betty didn’t
give him much help. The meat sizzled and popped as I dangled over the
fire on an extra stick, being very careful not to drop it in. I watched
as the meat slowly darkened, juice dripping down to feed the fire.
Something began gnawing at me though, like an itch in the back of my
mind as my thoughts raced to find out what it was. I didn’t know what,
but something about when I was gathering wood was…off. Like something
out of place, a paradigm shift that threw the fabrics of my reality into
a paranoid spiral. What was it? The sun had nearly disappeared over the
treeline by this point. I thought long and hard. What was off? It had
something to do with the clearing, but what has changed? Then it hit me,
and I dropped the meat in fire with the realization. 

I quickly mounted my horse and circled the edge once-no twice more. It
was the path. The path was gone. Not hidden, gone. There was no trail,
no tunnel of trees, no clay marking on anything along the border. It was
just the forest, an otherwise normal sight, surrounding us. It didn’t
make sense, but I decided that after everything that happened today I
would keep it secret for now. No use in causing further panic, we barely
started our trek and were pretty much down a man. I got to the campsite
and went over to the tent we pitched over Bernthal. Samantha was dipping
a cloth into a small bucket of water to clean his wounds. “How is he
doing?”, I asked.  “Not good, obviously, but he’ll live. It’ll be
miserable, but he’ll live.”, she replied. She dabbed the cloth on his
face and he let out a croaking moan. “I-”. She stopped for a moment,
contemplating what she should say, then continued. “-I think we should
bring him back, but…I don’t know. He’s sure to get infected out here and
we can’t just drag him along but…” “There’s still the Century plague
eating away back home” I said, finishing her sentence. She looked at me
with a thousand worries. I thought of the disappearing path and said,
“He’s a warrior, he’ll pull through. If anyone can survive an injury so
grim, it would be him. We’ll camp out here for the night. I gathered
plenty of wood and the bonfire will keep us warm. We can figure out what
to do in the morning.” Her eyes trailed off, then she let out a simple,
and quiet, “Yes sir.”
Night came not too long after. I spent the first few hours of it stoking
the bonfire and keeping watch. The wind blowing and the crackling of the
fire were the only sounds to keep me company. Well, that and Betty’s
snoring. A rustling in the camp made me reach for my sword until I
realized it was only Timothy coming out to join me. “Hey Timothy, having
trouble sleeping?”. He didn’t respond, just looked at the fire with sad
eyes that occasionally darted in a random direction. “Timothy?”, still
no response. “Timmy? Everything okay?”. He finally responded in a
whisper that was nearly drowned out by the fire catching wind and
growing.

“We’re being watched.”

I immediately unsheathed my sword and stood ready. I looked around to
see the clearing was empty, but I never loosened my grip on the handle.
“Where Timmy? Who’s watching us?” He sat silently. Then after an
excruciating amount of time and tension, he finally whispered, “Look at
the trees”. I don’t know what I expected, my eyes darted across the
clearing border, hoping-or hoping not to see something. A pair of eyes
from a beast looking back from darkness between the trees, a subtle
movement in the grass near the tree line, or even the trees swaying or
toppling over as something walked past them, but I saw nothing. I was
beginning to resheath my sword until I caught what he was trying to
say. 

Nothing was moving. Nothing at all. The wind was blowing hard in short
bursts, the bonfire increasing its size each time it howled to feed it
air. But in the forest, nothing reacted. Through the glow of the fire I
could see every tree that surrounded us and nothing from them moved. No
leaves trying to sail the wind, no branches waving as the air hit them.
It was like the forest around us had been frozen in a standstill in
time. I must’ve said something about it out loud because Timmy seemed to
respond to my thoughts. “They’re like predators, laying perfectly still,
waiting for their chance to ambush.” Needless to say that put me on
edge. A lump grew in my throat.  Instead of the eyes of a wild animal, I
visualized the trees peering over us with hungry glee. I did my best to
remain calm, so I looked at Timmy and tried to quell his fears. “It’s
alright Timmy, I’m keeping watch for the night so just get some rest. We
have a busy day tomorrow so you’ll need as much of it as you can.” He
looked at me, his face still sullen, then quietly made back to his tent
to sleep. I still remain on edge though. Even as I write this, using the
fire for light, the trees don’t move. I don’t think I’ll be getting any
rest tonight.
