{Original Post} ~ {Part List}

Content warning: >!Mentions of child abuse!<

I really hadn’t known what I was asking the princess for when I
requested some answers. As far as questions went, we had too many to
count, and I hadn’t even asked a single one before she grabbed my hand
and started tugging me along. Did she already know what we’d been
looking for? Had she been watching us from the other side of the mirror
this whole time?

She had shown me she couldn’t talk, so I figured her ‘leading me’ was
her way of answering. I followed under this mindset but was very
confused when our walk ended quickly. We’d stopped maybe five feet from
where we’d began; staring at a nearby wall.

“Is… everything okay?” I asked.

The princess didn’t face me at all, she just gripped my hand tighter and
reached out her opposite one, hovering toward the wallpaper. When she
touched it, I thought her hand might pass through, or perhaps we would
suddenly flash to a new location, like all of my other visions.

My latter guess was closer, but it didn’t happen the way that I expected
it to.

Her tiny fingers brushed over the wallpaper, and as they did, they
pulled away several strings; something like fine cobwebs that had been
so still and translucent I couldn’t see them before. The princess kept
tugging, and soon there were hundreds of them cradled around her
fingertips, pulled out tight from the wall like a dense cluster of
guitar strings, each one glittering and sparkling like crystal.

She moved her thumb up to strum at them, causing the places she touched
to excite with a soft glow. I could hear sounds ringing from
them—laughter and music and talking and thunder; noises seemingly
trapped within the threads. As this happened, the surrounding room
changed, rapidly flickering between light and dark, as well as different
objects around the room appearing and disappearing.

They were more images of the past. The threads were like files in a
cabinet, and the little girl was slowly thumbing through them each time
she strummed a chord, popping us into that reality.

Were these what I was finding in my own plane of existence when I
touched the cracks in the walls? That would explain why I had passage
into these unknown pockets; they were tangible, just not visible to the
naked eye, and only once you were seeing on this plane of existence
could you make them out.

Still, that left some questions. Why was I the only one who seemed able
to interact with them? I suppose I wasn’t certain that my friends
*couldn’t—*I had really been the only one to touch the dilapidated parts
of the manor so far, so maybe they could enter too if they did the same.
I thought about calling out to Carly to have her pull me back to reality
and we could test this theory, but I had just found Ariadne, and I
wasn’t about to split up from her.

That aside, it was also curious that only the princess seemed able to
tug at the strings. When I attempted to do so, I only felt the solid
surfaces containing them. This one I chalked up to her more ethereal
nature. As sad as it was to say, she was no longer human like me, and I
guessed that a mortal shell had its limits.

Ariadne landed us in a version of the sewing room that was dark and
devoid of any living bodies. Outside, the blue hour cast its languid
glow through the window, and crickets began to sing their nighttime
symphony. The rest of the house seemed still and quiet; nobody home.

“Is… this another memory of yours?”

She looked up at me.

“I was just down in the yard a moment ago in a place like this. I saw
you having a tea party with the ladies who used to live here. Was that
something that happened a while ago?”

Ariadne nodded, but her eyes betrayed discomfort when she quickly turned
away again. She squeezed my hand a little tighter, then pulled me along
toward the door. I followed.

The house remained silent until we reached the stairs and began moving
down. The crackle of gravel rumbled from the driveway, and I looked out
the window ahead on the landing. Out of the dark forest, I saw
headlights break through. An incredibly sleek, vintage, convertible red
Mercedes chugged along, top down and all of its seats full.

It seemed familiar, and I realized that I’d seen it in the tea party
memory too—it was the housemistress’s vehicle. I paused for a moment on
the landing to watch them from above, and saw as they got out that
Margret moved to the back passenger side to aid a smaller rider.

In the dull light and from so far away, it took me a moment to recognize
the little girl outside of her royal dress. Her blonde hair was not
nearly so shiny and vibrant—it was teased and greasy. Her clothes were a
simple floral dress that looked far too big on her, and it was just as
ragged too. Despite having no packed bag or any visible possessions on
her, it was pretty easy to read the situation.

“Is this the night you arrived?” I asked my young friend.

She didn’t give a response this time. She just looked vacantly down at
her old self from her tip-toes before pulling me onward.

I could hear Margret from the porch before they even got the door open,
“Isn’t it marvelous, dear? Just wait until you get inside—it’s like a
fairytale!”

The door swung open easily, having been left unlocked, and the women
filed inside, tagged along by a little girl with eyes full of stars. She
regarded the expensive furniture and crystalline light fixtures with the
same reverence one might toward a holy cathedral, and though she had
been clinging close to Margret’s leg thus far, the allure was strong
enough to draw her a few steps in.

Natellie giggled at her, “I think she likes it.”

For the first time, I heard our little Ariadne speak, her voice a
fragile murmur, “This is… where you all live?”

Margret joined in the giggling, “We’re very lucky ladies, Lucy.”

Finally, I had a name for the little girl whose hand was in mine. I
looked down to take her in with the new title, but she didn’t seem to
care that I now had something to call her other than ‘your majesty’. Her
eyes were distantly fixed on the scene. Even so young, it was easy to
see the longing in her eyes; a melancholy behind what she was looking
at.

Lucy—the one in the memory—continued scanning the space with awe, “I’ve
never seen a place so big…”

“You know, my dear,” Adeline spoke, her beautiful, regal form gliding
near the girl with the elegance of a dancer. She placed a hand on her
shoulder before continuing, “It could be your home too, should you wish
to stay with us.”

Those words finally broke the girl from her trance, and she spun around
to face the mistress. The woman had a warm, maternal smile on her lips,
and in the golden light of the chandelier above her, she looked like an
angel.

Lucy was speechless, “I… I could… stay?”

Adeline nodded, then reiterated with a playful tap on the nose, “If
that’s what you wish, we would be honored to have such a delightful
young woman as yourself for company. We could care for you and feed you
and give you all the schooling you need.”

Lucy’s jaw hung loose, the words lost from her lips. She processed
everything that had just been said to her before a semblance of reality
snuck in, and she folded inward, “My mommy; she might be mad… she’ll get
mean and hurt me…”

“Oh, darling,” Natellie gently cooed, “You wouldn’t have to worry about
her anymore, we’ll get all of that taken care of for you. You’d be safe
here.”

The poor little girl’s eyes flickered up to peer through her curtain of
tattered locks to stare like a puppy. It was like she couldn’t bring
herself to believe such a reality could be true. She tugged awkwardly at
the skirt of her oversized dress and shuffled on her feet, the floor hot
with the urgency of the question.”

Margret seemed to sense this from her expression, and she stepped
forward, shooing her sisters back before speaking to Lucy, “You don’t
have to worry about all of that right now, honey. Tell you what; why
don’t we just fix you up dinner like we talked about, and you can think
on it, yeah? Maybe seeing more of the house might change your mind?”

“I think that’s a lovely idea, Margret,” Adeline tacked on, running a
hand gently through Lucy’s hair, “And why don’t you see if you can’t get
these gorgeous golden locks to shine like I know they can, hm?” she
added with a wink.

Lucy smiled for the first time since she’d exited the car. I wondered
how long it had been even before that.

“As for the rest of the house, it’s yours to explore, my dear,” Adeline
told her before adding a playful tone, “Anywhere you’d like—though, the
tower has all the toys.”

That wondrous gleam appeared in Lucy’s eyes again, and she looked
between the ladies as if asking permission a second time, just to be
safe.

Margret took her hand and gestured to the stairs, “Come on, love. Let’s
go together!”

The little girl clung tightly to her new friend and practically floated
up the steps with elation, trying not to tug Margret too harshly along.

Adeline’s smile remained as she watched the two go up, but Natellie’s
melted away once the girls were out of view.

“You worded that a little too openly, I think—the whole house? She may
try to go into the basement.”

A shiver ran through me, and I suddenly felt the presence of the
staircase door down the hall like glaring eyes. I may not have known
what she meant by that in this present circumstance, but the sentence
made it clear that the home of the red door hadn’t gained its
threatening status so late in life. What could possibly be down there
currently that was safe enough to live next to, but so dangerous that
you wouldn’t want a kid near?

Adeline shook her head, “She’s a child, Nattie—they’re naturally afraid
of basements; how do you not know this by now? She’d open the door, take
one look at that dark staircase, then turn right back around. She’ll be
alright.”

“Even so, if she is brave enough to go down…”

“Then that will be okay too. To her, all that is down there is a
concrete box, nothing more. I swear, Natellie, you’re growing awfully
worrisome as of late.”

The raven-haired woman’s face grew stern as she moved off towards the
kitchen, her sister in tow, “We’ve worked hard to finally reach an
understanding of how it works, Addy—the slightest disturbance could
disrupt that and destroy everything. I feel I’m justified in my
concern.”

“Maybe,” her sister agreed, “but perhaps that understanding is why you
should relax. The hardest part is over—all we need to do now is make
sure we stay on the right path, and keep the children there as well.
Make sure they feel welcome and at home here—that is a vital part of
that. now, get out the canned peas, would you?”

The two women continued talking into the topic of the meal they were
preparing, but my ears didn’t follow them into that conversation. They
were still taken by the last conversation I’d just heard. My head spun
trying to make any sense of it at all, but it was all worded so vague
and abstract that I couldn’t get a solid thought around it.

They were talking about whatever was down there like it was a good
thing—not bad. None of it lined up with what we knew so far about the
red door, which only begged the question further as to what disaster
happened here that made it all fall apart.

Was it exactly what Natellie had been worried about? Or was it always
broken to begin with?

I’d gotten so caught up in the onslaught of information I’d just
received that I hadn’t even noticed I no longer felt the tiny hand of
the princess in my own. I turned back from the kitchen doorway to see
her standing a few steps behind me, her head turned towards the basement
door and eyes distant.

I pursed my lips and put my priorities on hold, moving back to comfort
her. She eyed me as I knelt, and I smiled at her, “Princess ‘Lucy’, huh?
So that was your real name?”

She shyly nodded.

“What a fitting name for royalty,” I told her, trying to cheer her up.
It didn’t seem to work as she tucked her chin to her chest, trying to
hide that she was still casting glances to the door.

I peered over my shoulder at the door and bit my cheek, “You don’t like
it down there, I take it?”

Lucy took a beat before shaking her head.

“Something bad happened?”

She nodded.

“I see,” I told her, swallowing and trying to think of what to say. I
didn’t ever interact with children much, let alone ghost children. Given
the history of how my bloodline treated their young, I usually feared
that I would just scare them away.

Even so, I shoved my own insecurities aside and did my best to find
something to say. “You’re afraid of what’s down there, and yet you still
came to save me and my friends when we were lost, huh?”

Her face lifted ever so slightly.

“You’re very brave, Miss Lucy. I think we owe you even more than we
already do for that.”

Her arms clasped together and stiffened out against her stomach, her
small form swaying and rocking on her heels with bashfulness.

I snickered softly to myself at the endearing sight, then turned back to
the basement, hoping to not sink her mood again with my next question,
“The way it is down there with the door… was it always like that?”

Lucy pondered the thought for a moment, then shook her head slowly. Her
mouth parted and spoke words, but I couldn’t read them, and all that
came out instead was the sound of a faint breeze.

I nodded, feigning understanding, but I at the very least got the answer
I was looking for. Still, I wanted to know to what extent the basement
was inhabited by the curse of the manor, and was half tempted to turn
and try the handle.

I refrained because not only would it not budge within this memory, but
also I didn’t want to scare Lucy off. She may have been brave once, but
if whatever had traumatized her so badly still scared her enough to be
on edge when it didn’t exist yet, I wasn’t going to make her relive it.
Instead, I tried to gently ease into it, taking her hand once more and
meeting her eyes.

“Lucy, sweetheart, I know you’re scared of that place, but… is there any
way you can take me to a memory where that door is open?”

She shook her head fast—almost immediately—and tried to back away, to
which I gripped her hand tight in reassurance and put up one of my own,
“Okay! Okay—it’s okay—you don’t have to! That’s alright, love, honest.”

It took a long beat, but finally, her wild eyes settled, and she eased
her stance. I quickly tried to mend my mistake further, “Sorry, darling,
I didn’t realize it was that bad. I won’t ask again, okay?”

I wanted to believe myself on that, but the fact was, I was desperate.
An answer to what the door was before it became the twisted portal that
haunted us had to be down there, and with it, a possible answer of how
to revert it without giving it blood as sacrifice. I wanted to believe
that I wouldn’t make the girl relive whatever trauma was haunting her,
but if things got any worse, I wouldn’t have another option…

Her reaction only reinforced what I’d told her earlier, though. If she
was brave enough to follow us down there on her side of the mirror just
to save us when we needed help, she really was one of the bravest
children I’d ever seen.

“You okay?” I asked her to be sure, placing my hands on her shoulders.

She seemed to be trembling which made the guilt in my stomach turn over,
but she nodded anyway.

“It’s gonna’ be okay,” I assured her, “You don’t have to take me
anywhere that scares you, alright? Is there any other place here that
might make things a little clearer for me?” I already knew what I wanted
to know next, so pursing my lips, I clarified, “Lucy, when you lived
here, were you the only kid they ever had?”

The princess nodded, but looked a little uncertain of her own answer,
like there was more to it.

I tried to fish it out, “It seems like something about you was special
to them. Do you know what that was?”

The girl looked anxious again, but the expression was undercut with
grief as she met my eyes. She shook her head no and spoke more windy
gasps, but this time, I could actually make out what the last word was
by the movement of her lips.

‘—Me.’

“Could you say that again?” I asked her, hoping I could glean a little
more. She obliged, but it was still only that one word I caught,
alongside her instant head-shake of disagreement. I could tell there
were at least three, so I put it all together and filled in the blanks.

‘No me.’

’Not me’

Add the missing word.

‘Not just me.’

I looked at her confused, “Are you talking about the other children that
came after you? I saw a boy in a memory up in the tower—was he someone
special too?”

Lucy bit her cheeks and furrowed her brow, clearly frustrated that I
couldn’t fully understand her. She tried speaking again, this time only
two words, but the only one I could make out was the single one I had
already gotten from the last sentence. ‘Not’.

When she still saw that I couldn’t understand, she grabbed my hand and
pulled me through the kitchen. I gave one more once-over to Adeline and
Natellie as they bustled about before I was pulled into he dining room
out of sight from them.

Lucy moved to the wall and ran her fingers over it again, plucking out
more threads and flickering through the scenes.

When she landed on one, it appeared to be morning time. Light shafted
through the window of the parlor and landed with radiance upon the back
of a new child; neither Lucy, nor the boy I’d seen upstairs. It was
another little girl, this one with dark hair and a pristine white swing
dress, a matching band across her swooping hair. She looked straight out
of the sixties.

The little girl munched happily on cereal while across from her, Adeline
sat watching with a smile, resting her cheek against the back of her
folded hands. The girl continued chowing down as she watched the
sunlight’s fingers crawl over the Appalachians outside, and after a
beat, Adeline spoke.

“Millie, dear. Do you like it here?”

The girl turned her with a beaming smile, then nodded emphatically,
swallowing her latest bite and speaking, “Yes, ma’am. I like it here
very much—I’ve never had such a nice place to stay.”

Adeline laughed softly, “I’m very flattered to hear that, and also glad.
I do so because I know you were a little hesitant to join us at first.
The last thing I want is for you to feel uncomfortable here.”

The girl, Millie, shook her head, “N-No! I was only a little shy at
first, ma’am, honest! I love it here, though; these last days have been
amazing!” Her head fell shyly, and she eyed her bowl, “I only wish I
could stay…”

“Well, my dear,” Adeline crooned, a smile gracing her lips, “that’s
actually why I’ve asked. I have a proposition for you, if you’re
interested?”

Millie’s mood lightened again.

“I know we only discussed a few days of you staying with us, but you are
more than welcome to remain for good, should you like? We have more than
enough room here, and you seem to have taken a shine to all those toys
that we already have .” Adeline winked.

Millie looked as if the earth had fallen out from under her, leaving her
hanging high above the cliffs. Weightless and in awe. She let her spoon
set back carefully into her bowl, then sat up straight, her lips parting
as if to blurt ‘yes’ on instinct alone. Something seemed to catch her
words before they could escape, though, and she sunk back into her seat,
sadly turning to the side.

“I… I don’t know if that would be okay…”

“Is it your father that concerns you, my dear?” Adeline asked, her warm
tone replaced by one dripping with empathy.

Millie’s head bowed deeper, substituting a verbal answer.

“He hurts you at home, does he not?”

“He… he drinks a lot… it makes him act mean…”

“And your mother; she does nothing to stop him, does she?”

Millie’s eyes flickered to the mistress, and she spoke in a quiet
whimper, “He hurts her too sometimes. They both get loud and yell a
lot…”

Adeline made a noise of compassion and stood from her chair, moving to
one closer and reaching to take the young girl’s hand. Millie met her
enchanting pools, and the woman clicked her tongue, “Millie, dear, if
you stayed with us, we would never act such a way. We would keep you
safe and happy, and you would never need to worry about your parents
ever again.”

Millie’s eyes fixed the table and lingered there for a long time. I
could almost see the thoughts churning in her head, and feel the tight,
ill sensation in her stomach that came with dreading punishment. She
wanted what Adeline was offering, but she was too afraid to take it.

“What if they get angry that I’m gone? Won’t they come find me? Won’t
you get into trouble?”

“Oh, Millie, my dearest, you need not worry about me and my sisters.
None of that will be any issue, and we’ll take perfect care of any
trouble that arises. It is what we do here at our home.” The woman
leaned forward out of her chair, and reached her arms out.

Millie’s face finally broke with relief, and her eyes welled as she fell
forward into them, accepting the embrace like it could heal any
sickness.

“The only important thing is that you remain happy, my dear,” Adeline
cooed softly in her ear, “That’s all we aim to do.”

The earnest act dripping from Adeline’s words seemed to sway the young
girl, and she pulled away before nodding emphatically, “Yes, ma’am. I’d
like to stay please.”

Adeline dried the girl’s tears with her thumb, “That’s splendid to hear,
my darling. Positively splendid.”

In any other circumstance, when the two embraced once more before
resuming their morning, the sight might have been heartwarming. But with
the context of what was just said, and knowing what the manor became, I
found it nothing but horrific, my stomach turning to knots.

I’d already been skeptical towards the women and their cursed red house,
but that aside, the way that they were acting about taking children from
their homes didn’t seem very ‘official’. My theory of them being some
sort of early CPS organization had already been disrupted by Carly’s
theory, but with these last few visions it was dismantled altogether.

They were indeed rescuing abused children from their homes, but
everything about the act seemed so murky. I had a feeling when they said
they would ‘handle any trouble’, they didn’t mean ‘getting the law
involved to handle any legal issues of adoption’. It sounded much more
like they were taking them without anyone noticing, then hiding the
children away here.

Kidnapping them…

The thought made me feel the way I did when the red door would swing
open; an impending monster in the space with me. Adeline’s eyes as she
went back to silently staring at the little girl next to her no longer
felt full of love and adoration, they looked focused and cunning. Her
smile seemed more sinister than warm.

I turned to look down at Lucy, who seemed content that I had gained more
insight. I was pretty sure I put together the second thing she’d said to
me.

‘Not just me. Not special.’

This wasn’t some science fiction story about children with unique
talents being whisked away to an orphanage like Carly and I’d thought.
There was no strange power in them that might cause a catastrophe if too
many of them gathered in one place.

The children were normal, and they were probably kept isolated from one
another so that none of them ever began to realize the threads they all
shared. That they’d been tricked and taken. That the abnormal factor
they had was what had been done to them; the abuse. It was what they all
shared. The women were targeting children who had poor home lives and
offering them a permanent escape, one that a child so young and
desperate would never refuse.

This, like everything in this damned mystery, only invited more
questions. Was this tactic only so that the children would willingly
stay and not try to escape after being taken? Or was the abuse integral
to what the sisters were doing here? That seemed to be the case since
Adeline had made it a point to mention that making the kids happy was
their utmost priority.

Were they just lunatics? A group of infertile women who’d always wanted
children of their own and opted to steal the ones of those they deemed
unworthy?

This didn’t seem likely, mainly for one haunting reason. If these kids
were made happy, grew up, then released back into the world, then why
did we never hear of them in Stillwater? Why was there never any mention
of the kind women on the mountain who rehabilitated abused kids and then
helped them escape their hellhole town?

I already knew the answer; there was really only one possibility.
Especially with each child in the manor being taken a decade or less
apart.

They weren’t making it out of this place once they came in. So how many
children were brought here, and what happened to them before a new one
was taken?

My mouth felt dry as I sensed the tiny hand in mine, and I slipped my
fingers a little firmer around it, as if the small act might prevent the
past bringing it here. She looked up at me, and I frowned, shaking my
head at the princess’s innocent face.

“Lucy… what happened to you here?”

She hugged herself and did a tiny shuffle on her feet, but if she was
planning on answering my question, she never got the chance.

A raspy, screeching wail erupted from behind us in the guts of the
house, followed by a frantic thumping down the stairs. Both me and my
ghost jumped in surprise, whirling on our heels and looking between the
kitchen and parlor door to see which way it would come from. Lucy’s eyes
remained there, but I turned to look at Adeline and Millie, wondering
what on earth was meant to happen next in this memory with a sound like
that.

My body felt numb and weak when I saw both were still sitting casually
at the table, faint smiles on their faces and looking out the window.

It wasn’t something they could hear because it was wasn’t part of the
memory. This was in here with us.

Lucy yanked my arm as the frantic pounding drew closer; four clumsy
limbs drumming the hardwood with nails long enough to create harsh
clacking sounds. We moved back towards the far wall of the space as she
scanned the wallpaper like the text of a book, searching for what I
assumed to be a new memory to jump us to.

Fear was obviously gripping her the same way it was me, but she looked
more collected toward it, as if this was something she’d experienced
before.

“Lucy, what is that?” I hastily asked.

It turned out I didn’t need to. Through the opening into the parlor, the
approaching threat rounded the corner, and I got to see a familiar
creature in its full glory.

It was the thing from Kait’s apartment—a pale, gangly form with long,
gnarled black locks that dragged against the ground like a mop. Its
ghastly skin was taut to the bone, and its nails were grimy and slate
black, chipped and cracked but still easily sharp enough to rip open
human flesh if given the chance.

For all of its awkward, jagged movements, it still moved fast like a
sprinting dog, stumbling over itself and letting out its angry, sobbing
screams all the way through yellowed, crooked teeth. I couldn’t see eyes
behind the black curtain of hair, but I knew they were boring straight
into me.

As the demon moved closer, its hair, hands and feet hitched on the
hardwood the same way Lucy could pluck at the walls, pulling up sparkly,
spindly threads from the ground that released echoes of the past to
swirl with her incessant screaming.

The pale thing reached the dining room, and I quickly dashed to put
myself between it and Lucy, but just then, the princess plucked at a
thread.

The dining room went dark, and in the parlor I could see the sisters
enjoying a fire by the mantle while sewing and listening to a record. If
there was information to be found in the memory, it was going to have to
stay lost, because Lucy instantly took off running towards the spot the
creature had just been standing.

I didn’t fight her, trusting she knew best, and thank goodness I did.
Not a moment after we passed the creature’s position in the dining room
did I hear a wail again, from beneath us. Threads stretched up from the
floor, and like tearing through a mesh net, the grey hands burst
through, clawing at our feet and grabbing my ankle. The grip was strong,
but easy to kick off with how far we’d already passed.

“NO!” I heard a guttural sob erupt from the things lips as it breached
its head fully through, “NO!”

It quickly yanked its grotesque body the remainder of the way through,
but by then, Lucy and I had reached the entryway door. We moved past the
blissfully unaware women on the couches until the little girl reached
her arm out as we did so and ran her fingers along the wall, flickering
us to a new scene.

Behind us, as if it was muffled beneath the floor, I could hear the
wailing from the center of the room where we’d just left our pursuer. It
began ripping past the threads again, and I hoped that the slowdown
would give us even just a little more of a head start in our escape, but
that word didn’t exactly feel feasible no matter how much I thought it.

Just like at Kait’s apartment, this thing had found us out of nowhere,
and it knew exactly what memory to follow us to each time we jumped. My
comparison of the threads to spiderwebs might have been more accurate
than I’d thought; this thing was a spider reading the ripples across its
home and running us down.

I prayed that in my frantic running back in my reality, Carly wouldn’t
snap me free—I couldn’t leave Lucy on her own with this thing, even if
she seemed like she knew how to handle it. I didn’t know what would
happen to a ghost child should it get its hands on her, but given that
its form seemed just as attuned to this environment as her, I guessed it
would be able to hurt in one way or another.

The spider continued to run us down with its muffled wails trailing us
through the house, but Lucy always kept us several memories ahead,
weaving to new ones when she could. Much like the halls below, the top
of the manor was just as much of a labyrinth, only this was one that
couldn’t be seen with the naked eye.

Years upon days upon hours of memories all captured in time and laid out
across space, letting us run past new children and instances of the
sisters walking through their home. The time periods varied, and the
lights dulled and dimmed with the passing sun, but the house never
seemed to change, always pristine and perfect in its design.

It made me shiver to think how long the operation was truly going for.

After several minutes of ducking back and forth through the manor,
backtracking on dead ends through different realities and running in
circles through the same room, the princess pulled me to a stop. We were
in the library at the center of the room, and all was silent, even the
distant chirp of crickets from the night outside at a hush.

We couldn’t hear the sound of the wails anymore, and I didn’t see any
surfaces of the wall begin to part with threads as the spider made its
way through. We had lost it for now.

While the space was silent, we weren’t entirely alone. I turned, and
Lucy followed to see that Adeline was sitting crisscross nearby, books
splayed across the floor. When I tell you that by that point, I had seen
every book in the manor from us doing research, I meant it, but there
was one I noticed prominently out in front of the woman that I’d never
seen before. It was a leather-bound journal with handwritten writing on
it, several symbols and sigils drawn as well, from what I could see.

That wasn’t the most occult thing about the scene though. In a ring
surrounding her from the rest of the books, the woman had placed candles
in a perfect circle upon small cast-iron plates, each of them containing
a small loop facing toward her. Through the loops, a web of scarlet yarn
had been threaded and wrapped inward, creating a perfect symmetrical
pattern that eventually met at her waist, where a belt of the string
looped around her.

Her eyes were closed, but her lips moved softly, speaking words even
more silent and breathless that Lucy’s. Her elegant hands stretched out
with grace to her sides, tracing patterns over the red web she’d woven
with intention and purpose.

To my complete and utter surprise, I watched as she lifted her hands at
an intersection of string, plucking the yarn and causing a new thread to
arise from it. This one wasn’t red, though. It was silvery and sparkled
and released a faint hum of forgotten noise from it.

The same string that Lucy and the spider could manipulate. The strings
of the past.

I stared, positively transfixed, but Lucy didn’t feel the same. I felt
her give my hand a tug to lead me away, and I looked over at her,
suddenly realizing how insane what I’d just seen was. This was a moment
from the past, and the woman before me was reaching outside of reality
to the present to pull at the very fabric of time.

She was afraid of it, and I supposed I was too. I was about to find out
that we were afraid for very different reasons, though.

“Was this what they were doing here?” I asked Lucy, my voice barely
above a whisper.

It turned out that volume didn’t matter. I jumped as, the moment the
words left my mouth, Adeline whipped her head to look at me. At me. Not
behind me, not at an object like any other fragment from the past we’d
seen so far might.

Straight. At. Me.

Her eyes were wild and shocked, and she looked just as startled as we
were. Lucy pulled me a little further back as the woman called out,
“Hello? Is someone there?”

My breath was stuck in my throat, and I couldn’t make a sound. She
wasn’t just interacting with the threads; she was fully connecting with
them, and if that was the case, then that meant she was in a similar
state as me; able to glimpse into this place, but not touch.

Whatever plane she was on, though, it didn’t seem to be nearly as
elevated. She was looking where she’d heard the noise coming from, but
she didn’t seem to actually see me.

Part of me debated calling out. I thought about answering her and
telling her that there was someone here, and that it was her who had
brought me. If there was any time to get answers, it was right then,
demanding them straight from the mouth of one of the three who I
presumed were responsible for this whole mess.

Lucy squeezed my hand tightly, though, begging me not to, and even if I
went against those wishes, what Adeline said next made my breath hitch
again.

She smiled a wild, happy smile, released a shocked giggle past her lips,
and said, “It works… it actually works…”

It took a beat for those words to fully settle into my mind, along with
the weight they held.

When I said that nothing changed about the manor over the years, I meant
that it never appeared worn or dirty. It did change with the times,
however. Technology and electricity appeared more frequently through the
years the further that Lucy and I travelled towards the present. In our
current time, the library had several lamps and foot heaters
about—things to make the place a modern, cozy study.

The one we stood inside of at the moment had none of those things. Only
gas lamps and candles.

This memory was old—older than a lot of the children I’d seen in the
memories so far, including Lucy. If Adeline was able to hear me just
now, it meant that she and I were effectively time travellers.

It also meant that I had just gone back in time to confirm for her
whatever dangerous theory she’d been brewing in her head…

I felt numb as the princess next to me pulled close to the wall,
touching a thread and banishing us to a new place, one without the witch
or the candles or the threads. It was bright out, the sun shining
through the big round window straight onto us. The lamps were back in
the room, as well as the overhead chandelier.

I turned slowly to Lucy with shallow breath and knelt down to her,
taking her tiny, innocent face into my scarred, calloused hands, “Lucy,
I didn’t mean to… I… I am so, so sorry…”

By her watery young eyes, I couldn’t tell if she understood why I was
saying that, or if she just didn’t blame me to begin with, but she began
to shake her head. Her lips parted to make more noiseless sound, but
before I could even read a word of it, I felt my body get yanked back.

The sun blinked away, replaced by a fluorescent white beam illuminating
a cone of the room.

“Jessie! Jessie snap out of it—are you okay?!”

I spun fast to see Carly staring wild-eyed up at me, fear on her face.
She wasn’t alone, though—all the others were with her.

“Guys, what the hell is going on!?” Bryce shouted, looking off towards
the door, “What the hell was that thing!?”

“The door didn’t even open,” Lacey said, aiming her gun in the same
direction, “Please don’t tell me that they can come from anywhere…”

Carly didn’t address them and instead looked at me, “What did you do in
there? What just happened?”

Kait shook her head, “What do you mean ‘in there’? What the hell were
you two doing just now?”

I had the more burning question, “What’s going on out here? Is
everything okay?”

“No, dude!” Carly scolded, “You were just standing down in the dining
room and then something started screaming upstairs!”

“We heard footsteps around the house too,” Lacey said, “We thought
something came back to life from the bottom of the cliff or something.”

I swallowed, “Was anything actually here, or did you just hear it?”

They all looked at each other, and Kait spoke, “No, we all rushed over
because Carly started screaming for us, then we followed you while you
ran. Whatever it was, it was thrashing all over the house, but it never
touched anyone.” Her face went grim, and she added, “Jess, it sounded
like that thing that attacked us at my apartment…”

Carly faced me again and tried one last time, “Jessie, what is going
on?”

I looked off toward the door, hoping that whatever layer the spider was
in, it wouldn’t come to the surface for us. Given what happened at
Kait’s house, it seemed to be an inverse of myself. Something from that
plane that could temporarily breach into ours.

Unlike me in the memories, though, I had a feeling that it was more than
capable of touching us.

“Group meeting in the basement,” I told everyone, “We need to talk, and
the next hour is about to hit.”

Kait reached out and touched my arm, seeing how ghost white I’d become,
“Jess, is everything okay?”

I glanced to the spot where I’d just left Lucy standing alone, wherever
she may be, and blinked the watery regret in my eyes away, “I’m not
sure…”
