Part One

Part Two

“Why don’t you boys head back inside with the girls and get cleaned up
and ready for bed, your grandpa and I can finish up here”

Rich and I nodded weakly before being led back up the stairs by our mom
and Grandma Carol. Reaching the outdoors once more, the thick air hit my
face, drying out the rest of the blood on me, making my skin feel tight.

We silently walked around to the front door, until Rich raised a
question.

“Are you okay Mom?”

She looked over at the both of us and forced a smile. She rubbed a hand
on her neck as she talked.

“I’ll be fine Richie, always am.”

We didn’t reply as we continued our walk, she let out a breath before
speaking again.

“I s’pose… s’pose every mama has a hard time watching her boys grow up,
it’s for the best though.”

“You’ll have a baby again soon though” I said.

She looked down at my bloody face, and her smile grew brighter from my
words.

“Yeah… yeah I will, your baby sister.”

As we neared the door, she put her hand on my head and ran her fingers
through my clumps of matted hair still yet to dry. Glancing down at me
she clicked her tongue and spoke just as any mother would if her child
had been playing in the dirt.

“I wish you hadn’t splashed them around so much, I’ll have to trash
those clothes now.”

Going inside, I stripped off my shoes and handed them over to my mothers
outstretched hand, now stained with the blood from my hair.

“Rich, go ahead and take a shower, but be quick about it, I put a set of
sleepin’ clothes in there earlier today for both you boys. Carson, get
to the sink and start washing your hands before you touch anything
else.”

We wordlessly split apart, Rich headed to the bathroom as I stepped
towards the kitchen sink to scrub my hands. Our mom and Carol made their
way upstairs with my shoes, presumably to wash them out by hand.

“Get under your fingernails good!” She called out.

“I will” I said.

Washing off my hands, the basin filled with crimson water. Carefully
cleaning out each nail, I soon saw Dad and Randall coming up the porch
and into the house.

“Rich in the shower?” Dad asked.

“Yeah, I’ll get in when he’s done.”

“That’ll be fine. Don’t stay up talking all night though alright? Both
of you gotta get up early tomorrow, ’specially him.”

“What’s he gotta do tomorrow?”

“Help us out in the barn.”

That was all the description he gave, and all that I knew I would tell.

He continued with a different subject. “Means you’ll need to get up
early too and start chores, you’ll have to hay the bulls first thing.”

I grimaced at the thought of cattle chores before focusing back on my
cleaning. Dad had finished taking off his boots and began to stretch his
arms as he meandered up the stairs with the other adults. Grandpa
Randall came to my side to wash his own hands quickly.

“Sorry Carson, ’scuse me.”

I stepped back and gave him access to the water, he rapidly rubbed his
hands under the stream before flicking them dry and stepping away. I
went back to the water when his low voice mumbled at me.

“Make sure you bring a comb with you into the shower, get your hair good
and wet, then run the comb through while you rinse. After that use your
soap to get any left out. Your mother’d get madder than a steer if you
stained your bedding with that.”

I nodded at him, “Thanks Grandpa, I’ll clean good.”

He looked at me with his lips pursed, the man’s thickly creased face
crunched into a slight anguish as his silver blue eyes traveled down my
face. As I looked away back to the sink, he spoke again.

“Be good to your mama these next few weeks okay? She’s gonna be having a
hard time with the baby and everything else. Just don’t make her
stress.”

“I won’t”

He paused awkwardly, as if unaware of how to end the conversation
naturally. He simply put a large hand on my shoulder and squeezed gently
before walking away.

In a quiet rasp I heard him speak. “Good. Try and get some sleep
tonight, I’m sorry if it’s tough.”

Although Randall was generally one who seemed more like a brute without
many thoughts of his own, his words were the most human thing I had felt
that entire day.

Shortly after he left up the stairs, I finished up cleaning my hands.
Carefully drying them off with a dishrag, I heard the bathroom door
swing open. Walking down the hall, I met Rich now in his shorts and a
white t-shirt holding a towel over shoulder, his hair still wet from the
shower. His face scrunched up in disgust as I came closer.

“You smell like a damn corpse”

“Good catch” I tried to joke.

“Just get in there and clean good, you look crazy as hell”

“I’m going”

Retreating into the bathroom, I stood in front of the mirror, still
fogged up from steam. A blurred, reddened silhouette stared back at me.
Out of curiosity, I reached forward and wiped away the condensation,
revealing the condition I was in.

I was a canvas of scattered blood. A dry coat covered my neck and
traveled up across my right cheek. A splash had hit my forehead and
engulfed the entire upper left of my face. The white and blue of my eye
seemed to float to the top in a deep sea of dark crimson carnage. The
pink of my lips looked pale compared to the red that surrounded it. My
stained scalp could be seen through the clumps of my hair, all glued
together like a children’s craft.

My appearance matched my brother’s description of my smell. At this
moment, I was no more alive than Felix. I was as much of a sacrifice as
the birds I had butchered throughout the day. In this, I felt a stirring
question, one that I quickly tried to forget, but the thought had
already been made.

Does the chicken know when the farmer will choose it for his supper?

The answer was simple enough, surely not. The hens and rooster I had
grabbed from the coop could not have known what I was to do to them, or
that they would be the ones picked in the first place. Perhaps for a
fleeting moment, each one knew what was happening to them, but by then
it hardly mattered, the outcome was the same. It made me wonder,
however, as I watched the bloodsoaked child in the mirror, his curious
eyes scanning the dried paint on his skin. It led me to ask myself: When
would the farmer pick his next chicken?

Would we know his choice?

My eyes broke away from the mirror, choosing instead to scan the counter
for a comb. Opening a few drawers revealed one to me, and I grabbed it
up.

Turning the shower up to a near scorching heat, I stripped off my
bloodied clothes and piled them into the corner. Stepping into the
steaming shower I immediately felt the sweat and blood beginning to
loosen from my face. I spent several minutes scrubbing out my hair,
taking Randall’s advice on how to do so. On my final rinse, I watched
the suds of my shampoo head towards the drain, tinged pink from the last
of the blood on my scalp.

I continued cleaning up until the water flowed off me completely clear.
Shutting off the water I left the shower with a light rose glow from the
heat of it all. I grabbed up a towel and dried myself as best I could
before slipping on a similar pair of shorts that Rich had. I threw a
clean undershirt on myself before dropping the towel into the hamper and
making my way out into the hall. The wood floor felt cold on my feet as
the house itself seemed to sleep. No noise could be heard through the
black rooms, except for a gentle pattering from outside as the night’s
rain began to fall. It was almost peaceful, until a crack of thunder
caused me to retreat up the stairs as fast as I was able.

Making it the the second floor, I carefully stepped past my parents and
grandparents rooms. Coming to the second set of doors, I paused to look
at the one on my left. It felt strange that Felix would no longer ever
occupy the space, and yet all his belongings and memories remained
inside. Part of me desired to look inside one final time, and so my hand
reached out but stopped once it touched the cold brass knob. A rack of
fear pierced my chest as my hand dropped from its place. Perhaps it was
for the best that I tried to start forgetting.

I turned to the opposite door, turning it open and walking inside. Rich
lay in his bed on the right side of the room, staring up to the ceiling.
Our two beds sat in each far corner of the completely symmetrical area.
Our nightstands and lamps met together in the center, and the entire
room seemed perfectly divided between each of our possessions.

Rich didn’t acknowledge my entrance, and so I walked up before crawling
into my bed, laying down to almost mimic his current state. Knowing it
would be difficult for either of us to get sleep, I began to speak.

“I hope my shoes don’t stay too dirty, mom seemed pretty mad about them”

“You’re damn crazy”

I raised my head up at him from his answer, before trying to continue.

“Why? I think you’re crazy too sometimes”

“I ain’t killed any birds the way you did”

“Dad made me”

“Not them, the first one, the hell got you to do that?”

“I got angry”

“You got crazy”

“I guess”

“That all you got to say about it?”

“I don’t know what to say that’d make you happy”

He paused, likely knowing that he couldn’t be happy from what I’d answer
with. Eventually he spoke once again.

“You gotta control yourself better”

“I don’t even get into trouble with Mom and Dad like you do”

“I ain’t done nothing in a long time, sure didn’t kill no chickens”

He took a deep breath before softening his tone.

“I just don’t want you to get crazy like him”

“I won’t”

“You gotta promise that, you think you won’t now but you keep this up
and you’ll get worse”

“I promise”

“Now keep it”

Another lull in the conversation made my curiosity push out another
question.

“You think he’s being nicer lately?”

“Probably, yeah. Ever since Mom started showing her belly.”

“You think he’ll stay that way?”

“No”

Disappointed in the answer, I moved the discussion again.

“What was on the TV this time?”

He thought for a moment before answering, “Some big issue got stirred up
by some president in Europe. Tried taking something from another country
and now it looks like everyone’s mad at him. They had some guy on there
talking about him, really upset, asking others for help. Another fella
came on and tried telling everyone to calm down and be smart about the
whole thing, he was from Germany I think.”

The excitement from the topic radiated off of Rich’s voice as he
explained the situation as best he could. Nearly all of it went over my
head but I tried my best to extend the conversation.

“Where’s Germany at anyway?”

“In Europe”

“Well where’s Europe?”

“Across a big ocean, you’d need a huge boat just to get there.”

“Would we be able to go you think? To Europe or Germany?”

“Maybe, it sounds like they got a lot of problems over there though.”

“We got problems here too”

“Not like them, they got bigger problems, we deal with small stuff”

“Big problems like we read about sometimes?”

“Yeah, kinda”

I smiled slightly at the thought of this seemingly storybook land. Even
the trouble seemed more exciting that what we encountered at home.

“So was the president guy… the one they’re all mad at, is he from
Germany?”

“No, just the guy that was telling everyone to calm down I think, the
other guy was from a bigger country, they showed the map on screen and
it looked huge”

I smiled, “there’s a whole world we ain’t even seen huh?”

“Yeah, like we ain’t even in it sometimes.”

We both fell silent for a moment at that thought, each of us chewing on
the fact that we could dream of these places our whole lives, but the
world around us demanded something different. This melancholy thought
pushed me to ask what was on my mind this whole evening.

“Rich? What was the barn like?”

The room tensed immediately, and it seemed like Rich had stopped
breathing. I eventually heard a shaking lungful of air leave him before
he whispered back.

“You shouldn’t ask about that.”

“I wanna know”

“You think you do”

“No, I do, quit talking like that and tell me.”

“You shouldn’t know about it”

“Felix thought I should”

He stopped for a while, thinking on my words. More importantly, he was
thinking of Felix’s.

“I think he was wrong”

“What?” I asked, nearly in disbelief of his defiance.

“I think you shouldn’t know”

“You’re just building it up, making it sound worse to scare me.”

“That ain’t what I’m doing Carson”

“I’ll just keep asking”

“I’ll keep saying no”

“Then I’ll tell Dad to show me, tell him I’m old enough to know about
it-“

“No!” He nearly yelled.

He sat up from my words, and I had finally struck the nerve I had wanted
to. We both knew that the chances of our dad to agree with me were slim,
but Rich wasn’t about to take that risk. He looked over at me with
stress in his young eyes. I heard his breathing increase while he spoke.

“You’re so damn dumb sometimes Carson! I don’t talk like that for no
good reason, and the hell you will! You ain’t gonna ask him a thing
alright?”

“He’s gonna hear you” I urged him.

His voice went back to a whisper as his head flopped down on the pillow
once more.

“It’s nothing you wanna know okay? Don’t say I didn’t warn you about
that much.”

“I got it”

He took a deep breath before starting.

“We walked out there, and the chains were already off and on the ground,
Dad must’ve done it when he ran off earlier. Anyway, we get to the front
of the door, and Grandpa Randall swings both of em’ out. Inside it’s
just a small room with another wall and a second set of doors.”

“That’s it?” I asked.

“No, no that ain’t it, just let me keep talking. So we go into this
first part and close the barn doors, and it gets dark, I can’t see
anybody’s faces, and I notice that on the far wall, there’s a little bit
of light coming through a window.”

I creased my face in confusion, “The barn doesn’t have windows”

“I know. But there was one”

“That don’t make any sense”

His voice rose into a hiss, both irritated at me and seemingly at the
nonsense he was describing.

“None of it made any damn sense! That’s what I’m getting at! I see that
window and then I hear Grandpa Felix. Soon enough he walks over and I
see him at the window, then he calls my name”

“What’d he want?”

“He- I…” He took a breath and swallowed before continuing. “He told me
to come look over at the window, so I did. The whole time I’m looking
he’s explaining how him and his dad built this second wall of the barn
as a way to let new family get used to it on their first time through.
Said… said that things change once you get in.”

“Did he know why there was a window?”

“No… no none of them did. Just said things were different inside,
weren’t meant to make sense and I shouldn’t try to find any. No sense at
all in that place…”

Before I could ask anything more he spoke again, his voice all but mute.

“Outside the window… nothing looked right Carson. The grass wasn’t
around, the dirt was dry and white, the trees weren’t there anymore.”

“You’re lying. Trying to scare me is all”

“I’m telling you what you asked.”

I fell silent, and he proceeded.

“Nothing green anymore, nothing alive. The sky was orange and foggy, I
couldn’t see more than a few yards, but everything was gone.”

“Was that it? Did you leave Felix there after that?” Part of me hoped
that the story ended there.

“It got brighter in there after that. Dad had opened up the other doors.
The rest of the barn was like normal, still pretty dark but each wall
had a line of windows too. I step through after Grandpa Randall, and
there’s this damn rustling noise. I-it scared me so I stopped, then Dad
walked over to the corner and hit something.”

“What was it?”

“A bunch of old lightbulbs turned on. They didn’t do a whole lot but you
could see at least. Then I saw what rustled up that hay I was hearing.”

“Rats?”

“No. No, a group of goats a-and a pig.”

“What? You’re talking crazy.”

“No they were there, a big billy goat with the horns and everything, it
was eating out of a hay pile with another goat. Must’ve been a nanny
since it wasn’t near as big.”

“Why’re they hiding goats in there?”

“Doubt anyone put them there. The way Dad acted around them you’d think
they were the ones dragging us in.”

“What about the pig?”

“It sat by itself, didn’t chew on nothing, just laid there and looked at
me. Ugly thing too, greasy with those black pebble eyes.”

“So why were they there?”

“No idea, they barely moved while we were in there, but I didn’t like it
one bit.”

His voice was turning into a croak as he tried telling me more, but it
was like every word hurt to speak.

“I walked a bit more forward, and- and the smell hit me. I thought all
them animals just reeked like sulfur or rotten meat. I thought it was
them, they looked like hell all dirty and nasty. They were laying in a
low spot that looked like it was filled with mud and shit, and those
damn eyes looking over at me while they chewed! I thought it was them- I
thought it sure had to be… I stepped up til I saw something above me,
the rafters… above me, all above me…”

By now his breathing was becoming erratic and I began to fear that I had
asked too much of him. I was desperate to see the conversation end now
that I saw how Rich acted describing it. He wasn’t a scared person, Rich
could stand up to adults and beatings, stare down bulls and even wrestle
calves, but what he saw tonight wasn’t something even good men could
face.

“You don’t gotta keep going” I whispered.

“It’s fine” he blurted between breaths. “I was done talking anyway.”

“We should get some sleep”

“Yeah, we outta”

I heard Rich roll over to his side facing away from me, I turned the
same direction and saw his back wrapped in a blanket. The sound of
distant rain lulled in the air for a moment, and neither of us were
getting closer to rest.

“Hey Rich?”

“What?”

“Can we go out to the field tomorrow after chores?”

“Depends on how the day goes”

“Okay”

“What’d you wanna do out there?”

“I was gonna bring the soccer ball, or we could play cops and robbers”

“I’ll tell Dad and see if he’ll let me finish up early”

“Okay”

“Goodnight”

“Goodnight Rich”

In the dark I could see his frame rise and fall on the bed with each
breath. A sense of cowardice shrouded every person in my life since I
was little. No matter how strong they stood or how loud they spoke, each
one was held back by fears they often refused to face. All were outdone
by Rich, who at 12 years old would still be the bravest man I ever knew.
He would be the only one that could confront the truth of our situation,
the only one who would try and protect me. How lucky was I that across
the room, in my tiny world, there he rested.

My eyes began to sink with the weight of my day’s sins, but before they
closed fully, I spoke out to the blanketed back of my brother.

“I love you”

His figure gave no acknowledgment of my words, and my eyes soon shut to
rest. While my mind began to swirl with whatever terrible memories it
would bring to me in nightmares for the hours to come, I heard it.
Cutting past the thick fog of regret and despair that filled my head
were those rasping words of his. I almost felt them to be imagined, but
there was no doubt to the conviction behind that phrase: “I love you
too.”

My mind shook off each cruel thought that wrapped itself to my brain,
while the rain outside began urging me closer to rest. I knew Rich’s
words to be the truth, and no finer truth could have met my ears at that
moment.

Throughout the night, I saw no dreams nor nightmares come to me. By the
time I opened my eyes it had been eight long hours that I had slept. The
clock read 8:37 A.M., and looking to the other bed, I saw that Rich had
already left.

Stretching out of the bed, I rose myself up despite the heaviness my
body felt. I stumbled a few steps over to the closet and began picking
out some work clothes for the day. Getting dressed I made my way down
the stairs to see my mother reading a book. My stepping caused her head
to raise and look at me.

“You missed breakfast Carson, the other boys got up over an hour ago”

“Sorry” I said with a croak in my throat.

“Don’t tell me that, you’re the one who’ll be starving by lunch time”

“I know”

She shook her head as she looked back down to her book.

“Want me to make you up something quick ’fore you have to go out?”

“No I’ll be okay”

“You sure?”

“I’m not very hungry”

“Suit yourself”

Sitting down in a dining room chair, I began pulling on my mud boots,
knowing I would have to deal with the freshly wet ground that morning.
Once they were strapped up, I made my way out the door, saying my
goodbyes to my mother.

The cool air washed over me on the porch. I took a deep breath, savoring
it, before walking down towards the bull pen.

Coming up to the steel panels. I saw the large head and snout of one of
our bulls. Crasher and Big Jack were the names Rich and I gave the
animals, but the two large angus brutes didn’t answer to anything we
called them.

Stepping up on the side of the panel, I saw Big Jack chewing through the
last of their hay supply next to the side I was on. At the sight of me,
he threw his head and snorted out a puff of air.

I ignored him, instead looking over at Crasher, who lay in the center of
the pen, chewing cud as he watched me. Stepping down, I walked over to
the large pile of loose hay that sat under an awning next to the lot.
Grabbing up the pitchfork next to it, I began lifting up forkfuls of hay
over the panels and down into the depleted hay pile. The first bunch of
hay I lowered down next to Jack caused him to buck his head up into the
fork, tossing it back up and rattling my arm bones. The hay flew up and
covered me, causing myself to nearly fall into a rage.

“You dumbass! Trying to feed you bastards!”

I raised the fork up like a two handed spear, ready to stab it down into
the face of the large beast looking up at me with his dull eyes. My arms
shook as both animals stared expectantly at me, waiting to see what I
would do. With a few deep breaths, and Rich’s warnings circling my
thoughts, I lowered the fork and climbed down. I fed them the rest of
their hay in silence, carefully collecting any stray emotions that told
me to harm the ignorant bovines.

After finishing up, I set back for a moment and watched the two bulls go
up and begin eating through the new supply. By the time I began walking
towards my next task of the morning, they were both ramming their heads
together to get more food than the other. Shaking my head, I felt that
the two bulls, like all animals on the farm, were far too dumb to know
the intentions of the humans around them. In that thought, I began to
feel sympathy for them, knowing that any wrong they committed against me
wasn’t out of anything but instinct, and that, I could accept.

Pushing on towards the chicken pen to collect morning eggs, I spotted a
distant movement, up at the coop. I saw my dad washing off his boots at
the outside hydrant. For reasons unknown to me, I walked past the coop
door and headed towards him instead.

He didn’t notice my approach, fully focused on scrubbing off whatever
stuck to his footwear. By the time I was next to him, I still had to
speak before getting his attention.

“What’d you have to work on this morning?”

His neck shot up, as my words spooked him from his thoughts. He quickly
grabbed onto the hydrant to keep from falling over as his one foot
stayed up in the air as he washed it.

“Damn Carson! You bout’ gave me a heart attack!”

“Sorry” I muttered

“What was it you said?”

“I asked what you were working on this morning”

He stretched his face in an uncomfortable grimace as he set his foot
back to the ground and shut off the running water. As the water slowed
to a dribble he scooped up a small amount in his hand, running it
through his palms before patting the rest down his eyes and mouth.

“Just had to get the barn ready again, that’s all”

“Ready again?”

“Yep, for next time, it’s always the hardest part, that’s why we get up
and do it first thing”

“Where’s Rich and Grandpa Randall?”

“Finishing up, I figured I’d split off and check on your mother”

He turned as he patted his hands dry on his coveralls. Looking down at
the large pool of water that had built up from his cleaning, I noticed a
faint scent of rot coming from the puddle. Looking closer, a mixture of
slight red was mixing with the thick mud at the edges of the water. My
brow stitched into a crease as my eyes put what I was looking at
together. By the time I looked back at the older man, he was staring at
me, both of us understanding what the other thought. In a careful tone,
he continued speaking.

“Rich and you ain’t gonna be able to go out and play tonight, I’ll need
you boys around the house.”

I nodded without argument, and he continued.

“Don’t bug your brother too much, he’s having a bad day so far, and I
don’t need you two fighting alright?”

“Okay” I said.

“Good, you getting your chores done?”

“Bulls are fed, I still gotta do chickens”

“Alright, that’s fine. Oh, grab a cage before you go handle the birds,
we’ll need another one tonight.”

“Okay”

“Go for another rooster this time, older if you can, your mother and I
are gonna grab some more baby chicks next week, easier than hatching
them ourselves”

“Alright, I’ll get a rooster”

“Alive. Understood?”

“Yes sir”

“Good, you wanna come along next week when we go to town?”

What would usually be an exciting and rare offer made my throat dry up
for whatever reason. My mind rejected the proposal but the offer didn’t
seem like one I was allowed to refuse.

“Yeah, I’ll go”

He flashed a crooked smile at my acceptance, as he ran a hand through
his thinning hair he turned away towards the house.

“Good deal, I’ll ask Rich and see if he’ll go, Grandma and Grandpa
should be fine with chores that day. I figure you boys outta start
getting out more often anyway.”

With that, he began stepping towards the porch, stomping off the
remaining wet muck from his boots, before heading up and leaving me
alone.

Once he was out of sight, I made my way back away from the coop, not
headed towards the cellar for a cage, but instead making my way to the
barn. As I rounded the treeline, I saw the two figures I was looking
for. Rich and Randall were just leaving the building. Randall wrapped
the chains tight around the handles before clicking the lock shut and
turning back to Rich. Grabbing up some of the tools Rich held, he began
making his way back up towards me. Rich soon followed and while I knew
it wouldn’t be smart, I watched as they both came closer. Eyes to the
ground, neither one knew I stood there, and before too long they came
close enough into view that I could make out their current state.

Both men looked exhausted to the soul, breathing out of their mouths as
they carried various hay forks and gardening hoes. Randall occasionally
spit thick globs of mucus and saliva out into the gravel path, while
Rich trudged forward like a soldier in retreat of a greater enemy. As
they got closer in their path, I saw the first drip of blackened slime
come off of the prong on the fork over his shoulder. I stepped forward
to see better and at about 10 yards away I was spotted. A standoff
ensued where I looked over the wretched state of my family members.

First came the smell, as a waft of sweet, metallic rot hit my senses,
nearly causing my eyes to pinch shut. The goo that clung to their tools
looked like tar, but the maroon spots that stained the gravel below them
told another story. The stench that had loosely hung over my dad earlier
was now on full display. The stew of spoiled gore they had toiled in now
engulfed their bodies. It was in their sweat and their breath, it
leeched out from every pore.

Randall’s eyes were empty, his mouth hung open as his ragged breathing
filled the void between us. His coveralls were stained dark, and his
boots were still soaked with blackened blood up to the shins.

Rich was in a similar state, his hands shaking as his crazed stare met
my own. The moment couldn’t have been longer than a few seconds, but we
all felt the eternity between us. Then, as if nothing was wrong, Randall
kept walking forward. Rich followed close behind, and before long they
had both passed me without a word. Left to myself, I watched the tall
structure that stood aged and proud in the distance. None of its terror
or mystery would be known to me anytime soon, and it taunted me by
swallowing the edges of my world.

I would avoid it as long as I could, but the thought was always there.
It’s been 5 years now since it took my Grandpa Felix, and we’ve been
lucky to not need to enter it since. But someday we won’t have that
luck, and someone won’t be strong enough to get out of bed like they
used to. By then, I’ll have to go with Rich and the others to continue
the tradition, and I know I won’t be ready. Eventually, the farmer will
choose his chicken for supper, and none of us can know when we’ll be the
ones on the plate. Until then, I’ll always watch that barn, and wonder
if the price I’ll have to pay inside of it will be worth the life I live
now.

I hope it will be.

I know it won’t be.

(End of Part 3)
