{Original Post} ~ {Part List}

Content Warning: >!talk of child abuse!<

I stood nearly frozen for about a full minute while I stared at the
princess in disbelief. I had no idea what I’d done to earn the glimpse
through the window into whatever reality this was, but my heart was
thumping with excitement. This was it—the next step forward we’d been
looking for. A way to get answers without traversing inside the red
door.

The little girl didn’t seem to notice me as she ran beneath the lone
tree and set her basket down, laying out the blanket for her toys before
meticulously setting out a tea party. Her small, innocent face was
painted with a content smile as she worked, and even from so far, I
could hear her humming to herself, not a care in the world.

“Um, hello?” I called out cautiously, not trying to startle her.

No response. She must not have heard me.

“Hello? Little girl?” I awkwardly tried again.

Still nothing, although at the volume I was calling there was no way she
wouldn’t have heard me. I suddenly became confused; in my first instance
of flashing to this place back in the halls, hadn’t she been able to
hear me? Or, at the very least, she’d seen me.

Thinking back on the moment, I began to wonder if she’d been looking at
me specifically at all. Maybe when she peered around the corner, she was
only looking at the woman carrying the buckets.

It was that woman that gave me a different possibility, however. She
hadn’t been able to see or hear me either as I stood right in front of
her, and that vision had been a lot like this one; some weird
approximation or memory of the past, it seemed.

Maybe the little girl couldn’t see me because this wasn’t really her, at
least not her ghostly self that had been with me in the halls. Maybe
right now, this was just a memory. A time before she ended up…um,
trapped behind the red door.

My heart sank at the possibility, realizing my celebration had been a
little premature. If this wasn’t really the ghost girl, then that meant
I wasn’t going to be able to speak directly to her and ask questions
like I’d hoped. Still, any sort of glimpse into the past was invaluable
to us right now—it might give us more clues as to what happened here.

I moved to step closer but promptly stopped when new characters suddenly
joined the scene. The front door swung open again, and from the porch
stepped down three women; ones that I recognized, though I still hadn’t
met any of them officially.

The first of them was the woman I’d seen in my last visit to this
strange pocket dimension; the one with the long raven hair adorned with
flowers and a young yet wise face. She no longer had her bucket of
candle-making supplies with her, but instead a basket like the little
girls, steaming with some sort of baked good that quickly overrode the
smell of summer grass.

She smiled fondly at the princess and her fluffy inert subjects, then
turned back to her sisters, “I’m going to join her.”

“Well hang on a second!” the woman behind her scoffed, “Don’t run off
with all those cookies before we get one! Adeline, grab me out a couple,
quick.”

‘Adeline’, the third woman, gave a small chuckle in the back of her
throat before stepping forward and obliging, fishing out two fresh,
gooey cookies from the basket before nodding the raven-haired woman
away.

Of all three, she was the most familiar to me. Her wild, curly red locks
were unmistakable, and the beauty mark perched above her lip was a dead
giveaway. She was the woman from the portrait in the living room, the
same one I’d stared at in curiosity each time I lay down on the couch to
take my rest shift.

She had a movie-star familiarity about her—a face I’d seen many times
before but just couldn’t place, even beyond all the times I looked at
her in the painting. Among her sisters, she carried herself the highest;
Strong, bold, and graceful, clearly the authority of the house. As she
moved to a space just out in front of me, she stuck one of the cookies
into her mouth to hold it, then passed the rest to her sister before
laying out a blanket that she had tucked beneath her arm.

The women took a seat, and the last one began laying out her supplies.
She was the least familiar to me, having only seen her face a single
time. It was a split second in the darkness of the halls; the place
where we’d lost Casey—she was also featured in the portraits hanging on
the wall.

Unlike the others, her hair was short, choppy and a lighter brown,
freckles dotting her face and eyes a lily-pad green. She had the same
natural beauty as her friends, but hers was wilder, and she didn’t seem
to be concerned about the elegance of it all.

She was barefoot and wore loose, baggy overalls that were covered in
paint marks, a white T-shirt underneath. The reason for her messy
clothes was apparent immediately as the supplies she was laying out were
for painting. She popped a small easel up on the blanket before setting
the canvas on top, then, she removed some tubes of paint from a box.
They were the old, aluminum kind, and by the looks of the labels, they
were quite vintage.

Like the little ghost girl, none of them acknowledged me or gave any
indication that I was there.

“Alright,” the blonde woman sang jovially, taking one of the cookies
from Adeline and stuffing a large part of it into her mouth, “Innish up
er’ ’ookie so I ’an start.”

The red-haired mistress took another bite and looked down at a newspaper
in her lap, unfolding it without looking up, “Give me a moment, Margret,
I need to catch up on current affairs.”

Margret swallowed her bite and rolled her eyes, “You had all that time
while Natellie was baking to read that thing and you chose now?”

“What’s the rush?” Adeline chuckled, “The sun is out, the day is nice,
and we have nowhere to be.”

Though I’d already thought of the women as ‘sisters’ a few times, that
sentiment didn’t exactly seem accurate. None of them looked the same,
all having different hair and eye colors, as well as face shapes in
general. While genetics were weird and it was possible that their looks
didn’t portray their biological relationship, it still didn’t seem the
case.

That begged the question what their relationship was to one another,
living seemingly by themselves all the way out in the fancy manor on the
mountain. Were they lovers of some kind? Friends who had all decided to
live together? Perhaps a trio of widows who moved in to keep each other
company, starting an orphanage of some kind?

That might explain the grandeur of the house, as well as its strange
layout and accommodations for children. It may seem like an odd detail
to get hung up on, but something important to note about the time period
I currently was witnessing was that it seemed old.

In my conservative small town, three women living together in the middle
of nowhere would already turn a few heads, but Stillwater in the early
days, rife with misogyny and discrimination? It would most likely get
you burned at the stake, and the fact only made the women all the more
intriguing.

As the two set about their business, Margret getting her paints splayed
onto a palette and Adeline continuing to read her paper, I realized that
I had the perfect way to find the date laid out right in front of me. I
stepped close to the head maiden and peered over her shoulder.

Ike Signs Bill For Highways

June 30, 1956

I can’t say why, but reading the date made my stomach sink in shock. I’d
pieced together that what I was witnessing was in the past, but I hadn’t
been prepared for just how far back I was seeing. It only made the Red
Manor and the mysteries surrounding it feel that more ancient—that much
further out of reach.

The house hadn’t seemed so old when we first encountered it; if it was
70+ years untouched, it would have been in far greater disarray than
we’d already found it in, especially under the harsh Appalachian
weather. That meant beyond this moment, the event that drove the women
away—or perhaps spelled their demise—must have come much later.

I backed up to take in the bigger picture of the scene before me,
wondering if there was still any clues in the ‘now’ that I could glean.

“She’s a sweet one,” Margret smiled fondly, looking off over the field
where Natellie sat on the little girl’s blanket, smiling up at her as
the princess made a royal speech to her party guests. She twirled and
hopped around with a giggle, pure innocent ecstasy twinkling in her eyes
while her tiara clung on for dear life.

“Mhmm,” Adeline nonchalantly agreed, not looking up from her paper,
“Certainly well-behaved.”

Margret smacked her lips with a grieving look and released a sigh,
pressing a hand to her chest in empathy, “Aw, I know… Did Natellie tell
you that she was too afraid to even try playing with any of the toys in
her room without asking because she thought she might get in trouble?
The poor thing—I shudder to think what her home was like…”

Adeline finally looked up from her reading to stare at her sister with
an amused smirk, “Margret, I fear you’re getting attached awfully
quickly.”

The painter scowled, “Oh, shove off! What’s so wrong with a little
compassion for the girl? It’s what our goal is, isn’t it?”

“Yes, my dear, but we mustn’t get carried away with it. It makes it
harder to part when the time comes. You know she won’t be here with us
forever.”

Margret pouted, beginning to sketch the basic outline of Adeline’s face
across her canvas, “Yes, you continue to remind me every time. I just
don’t see why we must always take the children who are so sweet. The
rowdy and rude ones would be so much easier to part with…”

“Yes, but they aren’t the ones who need help. That ‘help’ is the only
reason we’re able to do what we do.”

I looked back out towards the princess and regarded her for a moment,
feeling a hollow ache in my chest. So that’s what this place was? Some
sort of foster home? An early form of CPS that took children in need
from bad situations?

I thought about Stillwater for a moment and wondered what could have
ceased such a facility that was so desperately needed. The amount of
ramshackle homes in the town that were host to drug-addicted
families—many of which included children—was disheartening, to say the
least. They were never treated right, and rarely got the care they
needed.

There was even a whole subset of kids in the far countryside of the
county that none of us ever got to know. We only knew they existed
because you could catch their gaunt, pale faces peering at you through
windows sometimes, or you’d run into them playing barefoot out in the
woods all by themselves. Sometimes they were mute. Most times, they’d
run off like scared animals. They weren’t enrolled in school, and I
often wondered if there was any official record of their existence at
all.

‘Ghosts’ they were called when that was the case. Invisible to the state
and to just about everyone else, too.

I remember feeling bad for them, even when I was younger; I always
wanted to help somehow. You don’t have any power as a kid, though, and
the complexities of the situation are so far above your short little
head that any idea you could come up with on how to assist would be
futile.

Besides, for kids like me, it would be the drowning trying to save the
drown. By no means was I in that tragic of a situation, but if my old
man had decided that drugs were his forte over alcohol, it easily could
have been.

No, I assumed that my house was something more akin to the little
princess; it was why hearing Margret’s words struck a chord in me so
intensely. I knew what it was like to live in a house where all you feel
is fear. Always walking on eggshells. Living life held up in your room,
the sound of yelling and screaming ever present through the walls.

It made her joy less heartwarming and more harrowing. The gleam in her
eyes was more than just child wonderment, it was the raw, eclectic
feeling of freedom. The elation of a kid experiencing the joys of the
world for the first time.

It only made my stomach churn even more knowing what I did about her
ultimate fate…

“What if we kept her this time?” Margret ventured, not looking away from
her canvas as if trying to downplay her statement.

“Margret…” Adeline warned, the amusement in her words simmering down,
“You know we can’t do that.”

“Oh, hogwash. We have more than enough room; we could adopt her and
raise her ourselves. Even teach her the ropes and have her help out—like
a sort of apprentice.”

“She’s just a young girl,” Adeline snorted, “It would take years for her
to be old enough to help out, and we’re too busy as it is. It would
conflict with the nature of our work. Besides, you know the rules. When
the time comes, we move the children someplace better; no exceptions.”

That ‘no exceptions’ made Margret back down, and the woman rolled her
eyes, “Someday one of these children is going to wear you down, and when
that time comes, I’m going to throw back in your face every single
sweetie we passed over just because of your stubbornness.”

“It’s not stubbornness, Marg.” Adeline sighed, folding her paper and
tossing it beside her, “It’s necessity, and I’d sure hope that day never
comes. The moment it does, everything we’ve built here falls apart.” Her
sly smirk came back up, and as she finally held a pose for her partner
to paint, she taunted, “After all these years, don’t tell me you’re just
now deciding you might have chosen the wrong line of work?”

Margret scoffed, “Please. You know I’ve sunk just as much into this
house as you have. Just because I have a little motherly affection for
the little ones that pass through doesn’t mean I’m trying to compromise
the laws.”

“Good. Then stop your griping and paint me already, would you?”

Margret snickered off her friend’s teasing with an incredulous laugh,
setting to work and streaking broad strokes of color across the canvas.
I waited a few more moments to see if the women had anything else to
say, but it seemed that sitting and painting was the only other thing on
their agenda for the night.

Instead, I turned out towards the field to my original objective, the
girl in the princess costume. I didn’t know what sort of insight I was
going to gain from a little girl having a tea party, but maybe if I
could get a sense for who she was, I would know how to better
communicate with her when I did encounter her spectral form again.

I made it about five steps closer to the tree when the world came
crashing back into place.

The sky turned to night again, but the world wasn’t dark. In fact, it
was a little too bright. Bright and blazing hot.

I thrust all my body weight back in a panic as I felt my boot hitch on
the edge of the stone pile we’d built for our bonfire. I had been
moments away from toppling into the blaze, completely unaware. It turned
out that while I was moving in the visions, the same was true in
reality.

I couldn’t stop the fall from coming, but I could at least mitigate the
damage. I glanced sideways with a grunt, barely avoiding crashing on top
of the charred whale creature still blazing among the flames, but my
pant leg didn’t.

“Shit!” I yelled, yanking the limb back and patting furiously at the
fire that had caught there. I kicked it frantically at the damp, cold
grass, hoping it might help, and finally, after a few minutes, I was
able to get it under control.

With a sigh of relief, I touched the mildly burned skin beneath,
debating in my mind whether it needed supplies wasted on it or not. I
was deciding that it didn’t just as I heard a voice call from the porch.

“Jessie?! Holy shit, are you okay?”

Carly came sprinting over, and my face went red, realizing she’d just
probably seen the whole display. Hoping that she didn’t, I tried to
bluff and mitigate my embarrassment, “Y-Yeah, just had a small misstep
putting another log on the fire is all.”

She gave me a confused look, then widened her eyes, “Um, no? I was
washing my hands in the bathroom and looked out just in time to see you
just fucking walk straight into the fire. What just happened?”

I opened my mouth to speak, but I wasn’t quite sure how to tell her
about the visions. Last time I’d brought up the strange flash I’d had in
the hall, I could tell it only worried everyone. I was fully planning on
doing so anyway, but then the thought triggered something in my brain.

“Shit!” I yelled, scrambling to my feet and sprinting past Carly toward
the side of the house.

“Jess?!” she called after, “What’s wrong? What is going on?”

I didn’t respond just yet; I was too focused on the doll. I scoured for
it again in the darkness, hoping to find it before whatever strange
tether I had to the thing faded away. I didn’t know how fragile the link
it held to the past was, and after so rudely being torn from it, I
feared I wouldn’t find my way back.

Turned out it was fear well founded. My finger clasped the cold, muddy
porcelain of the doll once more, but this time, the lights in the sky
didn’t come back on. It was still the cold, silent night of autumn, and
I was still in the present moment.

“Shit!” I yelled again. I wrenched the doll from the ground and clutched
it even tighter, shifting my hands over its surface and hoping to find
the on switch once more. Carly was behind me now, and seeing me there in
the dark on my knees clutching a creepy doll probably didn’t inspire
confidence that I was mentally sound.

“Jessie, you’re scaring me. What is that? What’s going on?”

Realizing that no amount of fidgeting with the toy was going to open the
door again, I tossed the thing back to its resting place with a sigh and
growled. My one chance at getting more information on this place, and
I’d utterly blown it. All I had to show for was the names of the former
owners, and the original purpose of the house, which wasn’t much in the
way of a clue forward.

I traced my gaze up towards the heavens, ready to curse them for being
so cruel, but then I saw the tower of the children’s room looming
against the starlight. That doll wasn’t the only portal into the past,
and I knew it—there was one in the basement that I’d somehow found too.
That meant if this doll was a gateway to a memory, there might be more.

“Come on!” I called to Carly, hope brewing in my chest once again. I
sprinted for the front door, “I’ll explain on the way!”

“Huh?” she said before gasping as I took off, “J-Jessie! Hang on! You
need to calm down!”

I sort of failed to ‘explain on the way’ in all my excitement. Not only
was this the first lead we’d had in over seven grueling days, but it
felt like I was onto something incredibly important. That what I’d just
found was a miracle sent from the very heavens I was ready to curse a
moment ago, and should I not pursue it immediately, it might slip away.

I was winded by the time I finished sprinting to the top of the tower
stairs, and Carly was too, trailing close behind. She huffed out her
next sentence between breaths, “Jess… Jessie… what the… fuck are… you
doing?”

“I found something in the yard,” I finally spit out, dropping to my
knees before the toy chest and ripping it open, “Something important; I
think it might help us figure out the red door.”

That seemed to perk her up quite a bit, but it didn’t entirely dissuade
her concerns, “W-What? Really? What is it? What happened?”

I explained to her the doll and what I’d seen in the flash as I ripped
toy after toy out of the chest, fondling each one like I was frisking it
for contraband. Each one that didn’t contain a vision back to the past,
I haphazardly tossed over my shoulder, finding it useless to the
situation at hand.

Carly listened carefully. By halfway through my story, she was at my
side, helping me pull out new trinkets and handing them to me to test.

“Holy shit, and you’re sure it’s the doll that did it?”

“It was touching it that brought me there,” I told her, running my hands
over the surface of the rocking horse in the corner, “There has to be
another toy with a story attached that we can use.”

My friend continued looking around the room, moving to the bed and
tossing the dusty stuffed animals to me. I inspected them as carefully
as everything else, but still, there were no tethers to the past
attached to any of them, just cobwebs and the occasional spot of mold.

As we neared the bottom of the pile, Carly seemed to regard the bed
beneath, wondering aloud about something I told her, “Why is there only
one bed?”

“What do you mean?” I asked her.

“You said that you thought they were implying that this place was some
sort of orphanage, but why would there only be one bed? Wouldn’t they
have a room full of bunks or something?”

“There are multiple bedrooms in this place,” I noted.

“Yeah, but there were multiple people living here too. Only one of them
seems fit for kids.”

“You think that’s odd?”

“Well, unless it was some early CPS type thing and that’s just how it
was done back in the day, it is kinda’ curious, don’t you think?”

I thought about it for a moment, “Yeah, maybe. I think I just assumed
they helped one kid at a time before moving on. That ‘head lady’ made it
sound like two was more than they could handle. She also mentioned laws,
like they legally weren’t allowed to.”

“It could be that,” Carly nodded. She pursed her lips and furtively
looked at a creepy sock monkey that had landed facing her, “Or maybe
there was something off about the kids themselves.”

That idea made my skin prickle, and I also became hyperaware of all the
faux eyes staring at me. I knew Carly didn’t mean ‘off’ in the physical
or mental sense. We knew the Manor didn’t operate in either of those
realms.

“You mean like… having more than one kid might invite something in?” I
cautioned.

Carly shrugged, “If something was weird about them, then yeah. Maybe
‘helping’ them didn’t mean just escaping their old homes. Maybe the kids
were bringing something with them that needed to be purged.”

Based on everything I’d just heard from the women outside, there was no
clear evidence that could confirm the theory; it was really just a
guess. However, lining up the clues we already had, then reading between
the lines, it made a strange amount of sense, “That would explain why
they had so many occult books in a house meant to be an orphanage,” I
pondered, “C, you might be onto something.”

I saw a bit of pride flash across Carly’s face at my encouragement, but
it melted fast as a new thought crept into her head. She looked
carefully towards the door, and spoke a little softer, “The door… Kait
thinks it wants her, Jessie. That thing at her apartment; that’s what it
said.”

As soon as her words processed in my ears, it felt like the floor
collapsed under me and I went plummeting all the way down to the
entryway. I didn’t like what she was implying, but if her theory was
right, then it was a factor we couldn’t ignore.

If there was some special type of child that the owners were trying to
help—one that if left uncurbed could bring about something like the red
door—then it stood to reason that should the evil be unleashed, it would
want more of those kids. More morsels to feed on.

We may not have known what the ‘special ingredient’ in the children was
yet, but maybe it didn’t have to be specific to them being young. Maybe
those kids could grow up, and maybe the house could call out to them if
it was hungry enough.

Maybe Kait leaving Stillwater wasn’t why the house cursed her. Kait
might have already been cursed to begin with.

The thought fueled my arms to move faster, more frantically as I
searched around the room now, touching the bed frame and the nightstand
and anything I could think of that might have some sort of sentimental
value, holding a story within.

I needed an answer. I needed to find more proof of what went on
here—something that might disprove the rancid concept we’d just spoken
into existence. All this time, I’d been trying to convince Kait that she
was wrong; that there was no way the house wanted her, and that none of
this was her fault.

I had to make sure that stayed true. I needed it to stay true. I
couldn’t give her any more of a reason to try and give herself to the
house…

“Come on!” I finally growled out loudly, pounding my hand on the dresser
in anger when none of the clothes still hanging within brought me back
to the past. The noise was loud, but my rage was louder, and I hated the
way it made Carly wince in shock. All the monsters we faced downstairs
over the last few days, and I still wore my inherited vitriol loud
enough to startle a close friend.

I panted softly, the heat steaming off beneath the cold water of shame,
“Sorry…”

“It’s okay; I get it, Jess.” Carly smiled awkwardly, moving close and
putting a hand to my shoulder as I knelt helplessly on the floor. “Was
there any special feeling that came with it? The flashbacks? Anyway to
detect if we’re getting close?”

I shook my head, “No. It happens fast; like I blink and then I’m just in
a different time. I don’t think they’re literally like gateways or
anything that’s pulling me somewhere else; it’s more like a hole into
another time. Like I’m just peeking through a crack and seeing—”

I cut myself short as my own words jolt a realization into me. A crack.
The doll might have been a toy, and touching it may have taken me back
to where I wanted to be, but I was neglecting a few very important
details. The first was that the thing was damaged; muddy, tattered, and,
well, cracked.

The second was the more important one; my first flash—the one I’d had in
the halls while running for our lives. I hadn’t yet considered what
could have triggered that flash, especially not in the heat of the
moment. Now, though, I remembered a detail about it. The wall I had
touched when I took the corner—it was torn open. There was a tear in the
wallpaper, and my fingers had touched the broken, exposed boards on the
other side.

It was damage—those were the openings. Exposed points in the house’s
innards that allowed me to glimpse into its different times.

I quickly stood, then scoured the room, looking for anything on which I
could test my theory. Sure enough, on the ceiling above the bed in the
corner, there was a hole in the plaster where a leak had rotted the
stuff away, leaving a gap that exposed the old, mold-riddled boards.

Without a word, I clambered onto the bed, the old metal frame groaning
in protest at my adult weight.

“Jess? What are you doing?”

I moved my hand up and touched the spot.

Golden light blasted through the windows behind me, and I turned around
to find it was now daytime out. The mess Carly and I had just made of
the room was cleaned up, and around the space, I could see several of
the ill-fated toys we’d been messing with in pristine condition.

Around the room, something weird happened that I hadn’t seen the first
two times of me entering the past. Ghostly flashes of figures flickered
erratically throughout the room, like I was watching a recording of the
space on fast forward. Alarmed, I quickly pulled my hand away, and
finally, in the middle of the room, a figure fully appeared.

It was not our Ariadne this time. Instead, a little boy sat on the rug,
a bucket of Legos dumped on the floor and half of a castle built up.
Construction seemed to be on hold as he held two small army men, making
them fight among the debris.

He didn’t have a costume on like the little girl, just his normal
clothes, though his were still as interesting as a princess dress. His
green tee was graphic, a picture of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
printed onto his stomach. He wore a pair of cargo shorts, and his hair
was long and unkempt. Not at all a style from the 1950’s—this seemed
closer to the 80s.

I took a slow step off the bed, then spoke aloud, just to test, “Hello?”
As expected, the boy didn’t look up or acknowledge me. That was okay,
though, because I had another reason for calling out, “Carly? If you can
hear me, it worked. Don’t touch me, though, in case it breaks the
connection.”

I waited a few moments, seeing if I would get a response. If in the real
world, I wasn’t talking and instead just walking vacantly through the
bedroom, I had a feeling Carly would have gone against those wishes in
concern. She never did.

I stood there watching the boy play for a while, witnessing the charming
narrative he’d laid out of a hero fighting to save his king’s castle
from an evil emperor. It was fascinating to see, knowing that what I was
witnessing was a slice of the past cut straight out of time, but
something about it felt rather invasive.

I didn’t think I was going to find any answers watching the boy play
pretend anyway, so I began moving for the door to explore the manor. I
hadn’t gotten the chance in my last vision, and I was sure the place in
its prime would have some clues scattered about.

Before I got there, I noticed some drawings pinned up to a board on the
wall that were no longer present far into the future. They were crayon
doodles of castles and animals, and even one of what appeared to be the
manor itself, perched on the edge of its precarious cliff. In crude
black handwriting at the corner of each piece, the young artist had
signed his name: Marcus. I made a note of it and continued to the door.

The problem was, however, when I placed my hand on the knob to open the
thing, it wouldn’t budge. It wasn’t that it was locked, either; the door
wasn’t even shut. There was about a three-inch crack peeking out into
the stairs, but when I tugged the handle to try to open it more, the
barrier stayed firmly in place. It was like it was only a carving of a
door, not a real, functioning member of the manor.

I grabbed with both hands and gave a heave as hard as I could, nearly
splitting one of my patched wounds back open in the process. It still
gave no movement—not even the slightest groan or creak—and I ultimately
admitted defeat. I thought back to my first flash where the same thing
had happened: me trying to open a door only to find it wouldn’t budge.

Considering what I knew now, it made a vague amount of sense, I
supposed. What I was witnessing had already happened; it was set in
stone. I couldn’t budge the door because in the past, it had never
moved. It stayed right where it was until the boy opened it all the way.

I turned back to who I presumed was Marcus, trying to gauge whether it
was worth it to stay. Was there anything I could learn from this tiny
little pocket of time? How long would it be before he decided to leave
the space and I could follow him out?

As I was deciding this, movement in the corner of my eye drew my
attention back to the door. Something had moved just beyond it. I peered
out into the steps through the crack and jumped in surprise as I saw a
small, pale face peering back up at me. They were standing on the
landing and peering around the banister as if trying to hide, but once
my brain realized that the sight was familiar, my fear traded out for
relief.

It was the princess, staring the same way she had when we’d first met in
the halls. This version of her wasn’t part of any vision, however—if it
was, she wouldn’t be able to see me. The girl was looking directly at me
through the crack, however, no mistake about it. Especially since she
quickly ducked away the moment she saw I’d noticed her.

“W-Wait!” I quickly yelled, trying the door again in vain before
shooting my hand through the crack, “Hang on just a second, you don’t
gotta’ be afraid!”

My pleas didn’t work. Through the switchback on the stairs, I could see
her small form moving down them fast.

“Shit—Carly?!” I cried, spinning and flailing my hands around behind me,
“Carly, are you there?”

I felt a force clasp around my wrist before giving a tug, and like an
electric jolt, the world crashed back into place. Marcus was gone, the
space was dark save for Carly’s flashlight, and the air once again
smelled of decay.

“I’m here, Jess! What’s happening; is everything okay?”

I quickly patted her arm in reassurance, but there wasn’t time for many
words, “I’m fine; quick, follow me!”

I turned and burst through the door, racing down the steps, and though
she was clearly confused, Carly followed. We touched down in the
upstairs hallway, and I looked down it, then toward the next flight
down, wondering which way the princess might have gone in her plane of
inhabitance. When I gave the hall a second glance, I noticed another
tear in the wallpaper that revealed the home’s skeleton, and sprinting
over, I pressed my palm to it.

To my shock, it actually worked. The space flashed into brightness, the
carpets lost their stains, and beneath me in the parlor, I could hear an
old record wailing out jazz on a gramophone.

My head snapped in every direction, trying to get an eye on the little
girl, and I finally spotted the flash of her pink dress rounding a
corner down the hall. Her face peeked back out fast to see if I’d
noticed her, but when she saw I had, she vanished for good.

I started to rush over, then thought better. If she was already afraid,
then my massive, mean-looking self rushing towards her wasn’t going to
help anything. I moved slowly and calmly, knowing that I could afford
to. The room she’d just entered was a dead end.

We’d presumed it a sewing room in the present day, but it was hard to
tell with how much of its contents were packed away or covered in dust.
Now it was very clear we’d been right, with colorful textile rolls
lining the walls, a large, antique looking machine by the widow, and a
whole mess of clothes splayed on work tables and torso dummies—current
projects, it seemed.

Rain pattered gently against the window outside while I stepped slowly
into the room, scanning around for where the little princess might be
hiding. I didn’t see her, but the odd thing was that there wasn’t many
places to hide. She wouldn’t be able to get behind most of the
furniture, and given that I’d just learned we couldn’t open closed doors
in this place, I knew she wasn’t in one of the wardrobes.

I gave a quick scan of the places I could visibly see, but when I still
couldn’t find her, I knew I really only had one other option.

“You don’t have to be afraid,” I pleaded, “I’m not here to hurt you—I’m
no monster like the ones in the halls downstairs.”

There was no response to me. My words hollowly bounced around the space,
and the girl didn’t reveal herself.

“I know you’re scared of me,” I told the empty air softly, “You want to
know a secret? I’m pretty scared too. This place—it confuses me. It’s
dangerous, and me and my friends keep getting hurt. You though—you seem
awfully brave, running all over here without any fear. I was hoping you
could help me be less scared?”

There was nothing but silence returned. Silence and the patter of rain
on the window.

I let out a shaky breath, clenching my fists tightly in prayer,
“Please…”

I startled as from my left, a figure suddenly blurred into existence,
short, innocent, and wearing a tiara. It was as if she’d always been
there, but someone had wiped away the space painted over her.

Her hand was touching the wall, but it quickly pulled away to join its
partner at her stomach, fidgeting nervously at the lacy poof of her
dress as her quivering pools stared up at me. I stared back and crouched
a little lower as to make myself less intimidating.

“Hey there, little miss,” I smiled, “Sorry to give you a scare. It’s
probably been a while since you’ve seen people. Especially in here with
you, huh?” I gestured to the surrounding room.

She didn’t yet seem convinced, still fidgeting with her dress and a
cautious pout to her lips. I studied her closely, realizing that she
didn’t seem to care how I made it into the pocket of the past with her.
She was just still trying to figure out if I was someone she could
trust.

Changing tactics, I raised my brows, “Oh! How foolish of me! Where are
my manners?” Quickly, I dropped my head and fell to a knee, folding my
arm over my leg as I stooped into a bow, “It’s an honor to meet you,
your majesty. It’s not everyday one gets to be in the presence of
royalty!”

I held the pose for a moment, then peeked up through my bangs, relieved
to see that the girl’s face had changed. She had a shy smirk on her
lips, and when she saw my eyes again, she bashfully tucked her chin to
her chest to avoid them.

“I’m Knight Jessie,” at your service, I continued in my faux medieval
drawl before slipping into sincerity, “I have to thank you for helping
me get out of that maze the other day, your Majesty. I might have been
in big trouble if you hadn’t.”

The girl held her smile for a beat longer, but it faded as she seemed to
remember the event in question. She glanced nervously to the side, and
softly nodded.

“Do… you have a name, my dear?” I politely asked her.

It drew her eyes back to me, and she paused for a moment, the muscles in
her face tense before she opened her mouth. I saw her lips move, and her
neck shifted, attempting to make a sound, but nothing came out. All the
motions were there to speak, but she couldn’t like she was on mute. The
faintest sound of whirling air—like a breeze across a cliff side—was all
that came out.

I frowned, chewing my bottom lip, “Can’t speak, huh?”

The little princess gave a look of shame, shrinking into herself before
defeatedly shaking her head.

I quickly pulled back up my smile, hating to make her frown, “Hey,
that’s alright! There’s nothing wrong with that. A silent ruler just
means you’re more action than words. That must make you a pretty good
princess, is all.”

Her expression warmed a little, and I saw her lips part to release a
noiseless giggle. Despite the sadness of a child’s laugh being stolen
from them, the sight brought a snicker to me too. “Can I ask for your
help again, Princess? There’s a lot of questions I have about this
place, and I think you may be the only one who can help me.”

The young ruler looked at me cautiously, her face returning to a
neutral, trembling one as she analyzed my words and appearance. I
thought for sure that when weighted together, she would still think me a
threat—I remembered what it was like to be her age and to stare up at my
father the same way…

To my surprise, however, she slowly moved forward, marching straight up
to me before the press of my gaze became too much for her. She shyly
folded away with red cheeks, looking to the floor, but quickly sticking
her hand out, offering it to me.

My heart beat fast in my chest from disbelief, realizing that my oldest
plan had actually worked. I had somehow managed to befriend a ghost…

Her tiny palm disappeared into my baseball mitt of a hand, and she let
it linger there for a moment, eyeing the scar across the back of my
fingers and thumb. I think it made her wonder if she’d made the right
choice.

If she was, then she must not have given in to her concerns, because she
turned then began to pull me along, setting out to help a subject in
need.

{Next Part}
