{Original Post} ~ {Part List}

Content Warning: >!Depictions of child abuse and harm.!<

The trap we’d set did a lot of heavy lifting on the creature of the
latest cycle. A grotesque, bipedal beast with a head almost like a
hammerhead shark and a jaw that unhinged all the way down its chest to
its stomach. It hit the tripwire, the boards with nails rammed through
them snapped inward, and in a flash, the creature was on the floor, that
overlong jaw curling back to scream out a noise like a gnarled metallic
creak.

Lacey stepped forward with the gun, our skulls rattled in the blast, and
as the tinnitus set in, the rest of us went in for a few hacks and
slashes for good measure.

About 8 seconds total. At this point, we were just as efficient as the
clock itself. A part of its unwavering, endless ritual. It called out
its unknown requiem, and we waited to finish the verses. There seemed to
be no song too difficult for us to sing; now it was just a matter of
whose voice gave out first.

The others began to scrape up the body while I moved to shut the door,
peering inside. That very clock and its monsters were one of the few
mysteries not answered by the journal, and while closing the door
altogether was the main information we were after, their splayed, toothy
jaws still gnawed at my curiosity with each one we saw.

The sisters, led by an unknown presence, were sacrificing children to
create a perfect paradise. Where did horrific beings from a hellish maze
fit into all of it, and why did the clock announce their arrival?

I closed the crimson barrier and started away from it. It was a mystery
far on the back burner for now, just like everything else. There was a
more pressing matter, and should I solve it, we might not have to worry
about the monsters again at all.

I needed to find Lucy.

I followed my friends up the stairs as they lugged the body, collecting
fresh, dripping, oily ichor on my boots before reaching the main floor.
Looking around the space, I took a deep breath, trying to decide where
to begin searching. There were holes or cracks in the manor’s foundation
on just about every surface, and probably thousands of moments in time
tangled in each one. The past few times I’d met Lucy, it seemed like she
was able to watch us from the other side, and I hoped that she was doing
the same now.

Then again, I hadn’t seen the girl or any signs of her since the moment
I’d revealed to Adeline that her ritual actually worked. Since I’d
thrown into motion the poor princess’s own execution… She’d tried to get
me to leave that room, but I hadn’t listened. Would she even trust me
anymore?

I didn’t want to get into that line of thinking. I was too tired to toil
with myself more over my own paranoia; I was getting enough of it
between Kait and I’s battle of which one of us got to die for the cause.

Moving to a hole in the hallway wall, I stuck my hand into it.

The manor went bright as I flickered to a summer afternoon. The world
outside was washed in the sunlight’s vibrant essence, and the house was
at rest, basking in its warmth. Above me in the hall, the sound of steps
treading about the rooms created a rhythmic beat, and nearby, Margret
kept pace with some of her own as she bustled about the hall.

Several things were strewn down the corridor, dozens of pictures leaning
against the wall, some lamps with their cords coiled around the bases,
knick-knacks of all shapes and sizes. It was the kind of scene one would
expect from somebody preparing to move, but there were no boxes in
sight. Judging from the appearance of some of the objects present, I
could tell I was in a more modern time, perhaps the 80s or 90s.

I quickly stepped out of Margret’s way as she moved towards me, passing
to the basement door and throwing it open casually while humming a tune
with a faint smile on her lips. Knowing the actions these women had
committed at this point, it made her indifference towards the space
utterly nauseating. Then again, to her, the space downstairs was a
sacred place, not a hellish one.

She began picking up a portrait from the wall and was about to step
through when Natellie began coming down the steps, lugging several books
in her arms. The witch paused and smiled to her sister, “Nat, are you
truly bringing books of all things? You know that no information we
bring from this world matters where we’re going.”

Natellie scoffed at her sister’s words, “The history of this world still
makes up the history of a new one! We didn’t come from nowhere.”

“Natellie, we’re to be gods! We create the history! Did God ever talk
about his origins in the scriptures of this realm? He simply was, and so
shall we be!”

Adeline began down the steps above her sisters and let out a
condescending snicker, “You’re one to talk, Margret, wanting to bring
all of this junk along with you. You realize that anything we desire, we
can simply have once the doors are open?”

Margret gave a pout, “I may not care for the history we came from, but I
am the sentimental type. I wouldn’t wish to forget the memories that are
dear to me. They could get easily lost in the annals of eternity.”

That word struck me like a bolt of lightning. ‘Eternity’. Given that the
women were gunning to become gods of their own pocket dimension, it
should have been obvious to me that immortality would be included in
such a gig, but it still caught me off guard.

This whole time, I’d been operating that we’d arrived in the aftermath
of whatever happened to the house, but even if the apocalypse had come
and gone for their little paradise, if they had been immortal the entire
time, did that mean that they could still be alive?

Somewhere beyond the maze of halls, was there more waiting than just the
source of the beasts?

Adeline rolled her eyes, and she and Natellie laughed at their sister’s
sensitive remark as if it were the most adorable thing. Again, the way
the women were so callously indifferent to the methods they used to get
to this conversation made me want to try and break through the bindings
of the memory. Reach into the past and wring their necks before they
ever had the chance to finalize their grand plan.

The women may as well have been marble sculptures as they bumped into
me, the past set in a painful, unbreakable stone. They began loading
pieces down the stairs towards where the door awaited, and so I trailed
along to see just how far into their project they’d gotten.

Like last time, I eyed the floor to see if I could spot any bloody sign
of what transpired here at one point; any answers as to what the grand
ritual of the door might be. There was nothing though. If a mess was
made by the witches in their affairs, they were thorough to clean it up
right after. Probably so that when the next innocent soul was lured down
here, they wouldn’t suspect it was the last room they’d ever enter…

The wall was a different story. No longer was there the flat, plain,
concrete with an outline of threads only alluding to what would soon be
a door; No—protruding from the stone was the real deal. The celestial
spools had been pulled from their outline and strung up back and forth
across the space between, weaving the image of the boards and trim,
crevices and cracks, knob plate and latch.

Then, like someone cutting clay with a wire, it looked like the strings
had been pressed back into the concrete, slicing away the outline and
sculpting it into reality. Or, maybe it was more like the door was
pressing outward against the mesh. Willing itself a form with each
passing weave added to the picture.

If their words upstairs hadn’t made it clear, they were close. Whenever
this was, it had to have been right near the end, and I could only
imagine how many more souls they needed to rip free and unspool to paint
the sculpture red and make a knob appear on that plate.

As morbidly fascinating as I found the sight, however, it wasn’t what I
was looking for. I wasn’t here for the door; I was here for that very
ritual I was pondering, and with seemingly no children in the house, I
wasn’t going to find it here.

I was about to call out for somebody to pull me out of the vision so
that I could find a new entry point, but then I hesitated. The only
reason I normally had to leave was because I couldn’t traverse the loom
like Lucy could: pulling piles of threads loose from the wall and
sifting through them. From where I currently was, however, I didn’t need
to pull them loose; they were already exposed.

Gingerly, I moved across the open space to the door, dodging Margret as
she passed me. Like above, she moved about with little intrigue or
agency, and I wondered if they could even see the vibrant, morbid
spectacle they’d brought about at all.

Hesitantly, I stopped before the threads streaking the wall and held my
breath, heart beating fast as I decided which one my fingers would graze
first. Knowing what they were now made their beauty all the more tragic,
and I felt dirty using them to achieve a goal of mine the same way the
witches had.

From so close, they hummed softly, the faint sound of laughter or tiny,
excited voices echoing like something far, far away.

As if touching a hot surface, I reached up and carefully tapped my hand
to one.

Instantly, my mind was assaulted with visions, but this time, they
didn’t come in the form of the manor.

My eyes were no longer at the towering height they were normally fixed.
I was only three feet off the ground, looking up at a stern,
mean-looking mug of a man with a fat, stubbly face and anger choking his
surrounding air like smoke. I looked down to find that my, calloused
hands weren’t broad anymore, they were dainty and gaunt, and they
gripped at the neck of a green bottle. It reeked of alcohol almost as
much as the man before me.

“What do you think you’re doing?” The man barked in a garbled, deep
voice.

I was so taken aback that I couldn’t even find the words to respond
with, but I don’t think I could have said anything even if I wanted to.
Much like the other threads I’d hitched rides in, this was a glimpse of
the past—or rather, somebody’s past—and this time I was viewing from the
driver’s seat.

“What the hell are you doing with that?” The man asked again, pressure
building in his tone.

This may not have been a memory of mine, but it didn’t stop a nauseating
pressure from brewing in my gut—a dark swell of anticipation. This was a
sight all too familiar, and I could tell by the way the man’s jaw tensed
what was coming next.

“I-I—” a small voice tried to squeak out from my lips.

It was too late for that. His goliath hand shot out, gripping my hair
tight and causing pain to ignite through my scalp. The shock made me
drop the bottle, which only made the man pull harder.

“The fuck are you doing?! God Dammit!”

My vision was cracked white, then everything was fuzzy as I felt myself
moving dizzily down the hall. Before I knew it, I was tossed through a
door into a room with stained, dirty carpet, and the man slammed the
door behind me.

“Don’t you ever let me catch you touching that shit again, you
understand?” The man demanded, his words slicing so perfectly through
the thin barrier he’d put between us.

Quickly, I scurried off to the corner where a mattress sat on the floor
and climbed on, curling into myself and hugging tight as tears began to
flow.

I shut my eyes, but it didn’t help. They were forced open again moments
later, and I was in a new place in the same house, greeted by a similar
scene. This time it was with a woman. There was no physical harm, but
she screamed a lot. I couldn’t even quite tell what she was so upset
about. Her words were vague and aimless, but so pointed you’d easily get
pricked by them.

It went on that way for a few minutes before I blinked to another one,
then another one, each alternating between the two figures. Sometimes
both at once. Always angry, though. Always screaming.

It made for quite the contrast when my vision suddenly switched to
peaceful quiet; the sound of small-town suburbia. I was at a school; one
I recognized, but that looked drastically different. Stillwater
Elementary School, sometime before the brick became sun-bleached and the
play structure was consumed by graffiti.

Judging from the lack of other children, it must have been some time
just after school had ended—only a few stragglers played with each other
on the tire swing a distance away. I sat alone in the fields at the edge
of the playground, leaning against the fence with my back to the main
road.

After a few moments, I became aware of something in my hands, and
looking down, they withdrew from my lap, fingers uncurling to reveal a
toy held inside, or rather, two pieces of one. A small plastic lion
figurine, the head of which was disconnected from the body. The body of
the child I was borrowing made no noise, but I could feel tears going
cold in the open air against my cheeks, and an intense sadness
permeating the shell I was trapped in.

“Oh dear, what do we have here?” a voice called from behind. The sound
startled me, but the soothing, soft cadence of it sent tingles over my
skin. It was a pleasant contrast to the one I’d heard in the last scene.

My head turned to look up at a face that was leaning over the
chain-link, one that was beautiful and gentle, despite it’s concerned
expression. I wondered if that analysis, like the sadness, was one that
was borrowed from the eyes I was seeing through, because I personally
didn’t find the person standing there to be any of those things.

It was Adeline.

“Are you okay, sweetheart?” She crooned, placing her slender hands on
the edge of the fence, “Why the tears?”

I quickly hid the evidence of her observation and stood, taking a step
back. That small voice croaked out again, uncertain and awkward,
“S-Sorry—I’m okay, thank you.”

Adeline gave a tiny pout of the lip and eyed me up and down, the way one
might with a wounded animal. With pity and compassion, or like I was
easy prey.

Her eyes landed on the shattered toy split between my hands, and she
made a small noise of despair, “Oh no, dear—your toy! Looks like it’s
broken! What a sad shame…”

I didn’t respond to that, I only looked down at the pieces once more,
feeling the weight of what she said.

“Would you mind if I take a look?” Adeline asked with a voice sweet
enough to put honey to shame. She flashed an enchanting smile across her
perfectly red-painted lips, then held her hands out to me, “I happen to
be very good at fixing things.”

The child felt hesitation and fear; a familiar kind that I knew rather
well. Only a small part was from stranger danger. The majority was the
uncertainty of how to interact with adults. The feeling bled into my
spectral stomach, then independently grew worse as my tiny form moved
closer, offering the severed lion.

Adeline took it, and her hands felt warm and soft as they cupped mine.
Delicate in a way that the child had never known hands to be.

“Hmm,” the witch pondered, looking at the lion and piecing it back
together, “Didn’t snap off too unevenly. With the right glue, I’m sure
we could have your little kitty good as new in no time.” She leaned a
little close and winked, “Though he may have a bit of a headache.”

I felt my chest bubble with a tiny, pleased giggle, but it faded, and my
head dipped, “I-I don’t think we have any glue…”

“Hmm…” Adeline pondered, placing her fingers to her chin in thought.
Strangely, as her hand reached her mouth, the lion’s head still curled
in her paw, I swore I saw her tongue flicker out to lick it. It sent a
shiver of uncanniness through me internally, but to the child, I don’t
think they even noticed.

Then, quickly, the witch perked up, “Oh! I have a splendid plan, my
dear! My sisters and I were just heading to the crafts store here in
town!”

The woman turned to gesture to a vehicle idling beside the road, a
familiar red convertible with two more beautiful women sitting inside.
Natellie had a floral sash tied over her raven locks with sunglasses
hiding her eyes, and Margret wore a sunhat that guarded most of her
features from the surrounding world. Staring straight towards the child,
however, they looked friendly as Adeline.

“We could pick up some glue there and have your little friend all
patched up in no time! Wouldn’t that be lovely?”

My head perked up at this offer, then turned to the broken toy still in
the woman’s hands. It was subtle, but I saw her pull it away ever so
slightly, subliminally trying to pull the child with her.

I peered both ways down the street, looking for someone, then faced her
again, “I-I’m supposed to wait for my stepmom to come pick me up. She
might be mad if I’m not here…”

Adeline pursed her lips, and looked around the playground curiously,
“Oh, really? It seems like everyone else has already been picked up.
Surely she should be here by now if she were coming?”

Her words were subtly pointed—almost knowing—and the body I was trapped
in seemed to hesitate under them in thought. After a long beat, they
looked both ways again, then up at the woman, having finally come to a
decision.

“Would… you really help me?”

“Of course, pumpkin! I’ve nothing else to do today.” Adeline tucked the
pieces of the lion into her purse without asking, then held her hand
over the fence, offering to take mine, “I’m Adeline. It’s a pleasure to
meet you, my dear.”

Internally, I begged for the child not to take it, but I knew it didn’t
matter how hard I screamed. If the portal I’d used to get here was
strung up on the basement wall, that meant the scene only ended one way,
and there was nothing I could do to stop it.

Despite all the red flags, I—the child—reached out and took Adeline’s
hand. Maybe it was simply the desire to feel that warm, delicate
softness again that made it easier to ignore them. Squeezing it
lovingly, the woman led me down the fence to an opening where I joined
her side, and leading me to the car, Marget opened the back door for me
to get in, and I did so without looking back.

To the craft store we drove, Adeline and Natellie going in to shop while
I stayed perched in the car with Margret, the new friendly face keeping
me company and making me smile while we waited. By now, all of my red
flags had been blown away in the warm, enrapturing wind of the beautiful
women’s kindness, and in my borrowed mind, I could sense that the child
hadn’t even thought about the horrors awaiting them back home. It was a
lightness that a victim of abuse could only dream of.

That’s why when things went further the child hardly batted an eye. The
women came back out with the glue as promised, but they didn’t simply
fix the lion there.

“You know, honey,” Natellie trilled, “your toy may take a while to dry
properly, and we don’t want it losing its head again before it can dry…”

“Why don’t you come visit with us for a bit at our home?” Adeline
offered, “We have plenty of toys for when our nieces and nephews come to
visit that you can play with while you wait, and our home is big; it’s
like a castle!”

I could feel a flutter of excitement at this so strong it undercut the
shyness that had been milled into the child’s bones. It only lasted a
moment before fear corrected this slip, “I… I should probably get home.
My parents will be mad if I’m not back soon.”

“Oh, honey, don’t worry about that!” Adeline tittered, reaching back to
rest a hand on my tiny knee, “We called your parents from the store
phone to let them know that you’re safe with us. You’re more than
welcome to be out longer if that’s what you’d like!”

Near instantly that excitement was back, and I could practically feel my
body humming as it tried to contain the invigorating hope, “R-Really?
They said it was okay?”

“Oh, Honey,” Marget teased with a tap on my nose, “I don’t think they’d
care one bit.”

From there, the memory still didn’t stop. The convertible rolled through
the young, clean streets of Stillwater along a path I’d grown quite
intimate with by now—the road to the red manor.

Things didn’t turn sinister from there; in fact, they never really did.
The women only did exactly what they promised; they took me to the red
house, and my excited young self played with every toy they had stowed
away in the tower as if it were my last day on earth. They even really
did repair the lion too.

When night fell, and I felt my stomach knotting with dread, knowing that
home would be coming for me again soon, Adeline chased it away
immediately. They offered for me to stay the night, telling me that it
too had been discussed with my parents, and when Margret told me about
all the exciting things we could do in the morning, I didn’t hesitate to
agree.

I didn’t find it strange at all that I wasn’t going to have to go back
to school or talk to my parents myself. I didn’t even look back when
they offered me to stay a second night, then a third. Around the fifth
day, I stopped asking about my parents altogether. I stopped thinking
about them after a week.

It went on this way for months. I’d wake up to loving, motherly faces
that spoiled me with fresh, delicious food, shiny new toys, and lots of
hugs and kisses to let me know that they thought I was the most special
thing. There had been so little worth remembering before them that it
got to a point where I couldn’t even remember what my life was like
before I’d come here. The shy, timid anxiety in my bones had finally
been purged, and all that remained was a pure elation for life.

At least, those were the parts I was forced to feel; the time capsule of
feelings preserved in the brain I was crammed into. For my internal
self, it was pure agony. Watching each good deed knowing what it was
ultimately punctuated by. Knowing that each tight hold or reassuring
smile from Margret, Natellie or Adeline was a sinister, excited one,
like I was a pie in the oven they couldn’t wait to take out and consume.

That was the worst part for me. That I could feel how the child trusted
them so much. That I could sense their pure adoration for who they
thought would be their new guardians…

It all came to a head one day when I returned to the red manor from a
day out with Margret. The sun was nearly setting, and when we’d gone
inside, Adeline was waiting for me. She had me sit at the table with
Natellie, and drink a glass of milky tea they’d laid out before me.

“We have a special surprise for you tonight, sweetheart,” the lead witch
smiled. She and her sister were in matching, simple scarlet dresses made
of fine silk, dazzlingly beautiful beneath the manor’s warm lights. “You
need to be properly dressed first, though! I’ve laid some garments on
your bed upstairs! Go get dressed, and then we can start!”

Excitedly, I finished my tea, and ran off down the hall, happy to obey.

When I got to the tower, the sun was setting behind the farthest ridge
of the Appalachians, and darkness was creeping overhead to blanket the
world. On the bed, there were odd clothes; fancy robes of white linen,
across them ornate patterns stitched in red thread, running lines back
and forth over parts of my body.

A very intentional dash of thread stood out the most; parallel lines
that ran straight from just beneath my collarbones down my sternum to
the bottom of the stomach.

I could feel that the child was tired at this point—placid and weak as I
smoothed out the fabric across my skin. Margret appeared in the doorway,
now wearing the same dress as her sisters, and she held a hand out to
me.

“Well, don’t you look adorable, my darling. Come along now.”

I took her hand and leaned heavily against her, feeling like I was in a
dream as she guided me down to the first floor. As we moved, the lights
had gone off, and all that remained was a dim, flickering glow of
candles perched up on any surface that would hold them. Their golden
flames danced with blurry halos, and I could feel the child thinking
that it looked like an audience of angels watching them as they passed.

I reached the bottom of the steps, then rounded the corner, coming face
to face with Adeline and Natellie who stood waiting down the hall,
candles atop ornate holders in their hands. They flanked either side of
a door that hung open, one that piqued the interest of even the child.
One they’d never seen open in all their months here.

The basement door.

Adeline held her hand out, “Oh, look at you, Pumpkin,” she trilled with
a smile, the flicker of her candle reflecting in cold, glassy eyes,
“Dressed so nicely.”

“I-I feel sleepy,” my small voice informed her, my eyes blinking several
times to clear the fog.

Margret led me close enough for her sister to finally take my arm and
flank my other side. Natellie closed in behind and reached a hand
around, brushing my hair back and cooing softly, “Don’t worry, darling.
We just have one last task for the night, and then you can sleep, okay?”

I nodded, my past head swimming with dizziness while the future mind
raged with fear and anger. All at once, it went clear as my foot passed
the threshold of the door, and I became one stream of consciousness
again.

I fell away from the wall with a gasp, collapsing to my knees and
panting as the massive smear of time I’d just lived was crushed down
into a few meager seconds. A wave of nausea both physical and mental
slammed me hard, and I buckled onto my hands. Clearly, the threads
closest to the doors were not the same type as the kind that made up
everything else.

These were the pure, raw spools of the children that built the door, and
unlike the flashes that the greater loom could show me, these strings
let me see every second of their lives.

However short they may have been…

I stood and backed away from the wall. I was back in my reality now, no
silvery wires in sight, but that still didn’t make me feel any better.
They were there even if I couldn’t see them, forcefully tugging the door
open with each chime.

“Jess, you okay?” Kait’s voice asked beside me. I heard her footsteps
rushing over, then felt her hand place on my arm, “What happened? Did
you find the girl?”

I took one last breath to collect myself, then shook my head, “No, I
found… something else. Something another kid left behind.”

Kait looked around the basement, curious what I meant, but she could
probably tell by the paleness of my face that there was a reason I was
being so vague. Instead, she asked, “Was it another memory?”

“Yeah, but not like the other ones; this one was more real,” I grunted.
I gave her a small brush on the shoulder for reassurance, but moved past
quickly to the stairs, “More importantly, it didn’t show the ritual. I
need to check somewhere else.”

Maybe some of the other special threads would show something of use, but
if I was being honest, I wasn’t sure I could mentally take another one.
Living out a single tragic lifetime was already enough to mar me beyond
repair, and now I had a second one bouncing around in my head. I didn’t
need a third.

More importantly, the memory had cut off abruptly before the child
died—as soon as I entered the basement. Whatever the ritual was, it must
have done something to their threads the second it began to snip them
short.

I needed a back door. I still needed to find Lucy.

Kait trailed me as I went up, playing concerned as usual, “Are you sure
you’re okay to keep going? That looked like it took a lot out of you.”

“I’m fine.” I shot back quickly, “Besides, we don’t really have a
choice.”

She knew she couldn’t argue, and didn’t, but there was another reason I
wasn’t explaining things more to her. There was something in that last
memory that struck a chord; a piece of the puzzle that had slotted into
place. One that connected to several more, but that, if I was correct, I
wouldn’t like the picture it created.

I needed to see more before I confirmed it. I had to know everything for
myself before I told any of my friends—especially Kait—and if I’d gotten
a correct handle on how the threads worked, I was pretty certain that I
could find the memory to provide the evidence I was hoping for.

Moving back to the same hole in the wall I’d used last time, I looked at
Kait and took a deep breath, “Only pull me out if there’s an emergency,
okay?”

She nodded in understanding.

Gingerly, I moved my hand back to the hole, doing the best I could to
recreate the motion I had the first go-around. This time, however, I
aimed more to the side of it—further along the thread. If these were
strings of time that moved linearly, then theoretically—

Once again, I was in the manor around the same time period of my last
vision, but there was no longer a mess crammed into the hallway. The
house was nearly set up the way it was in the present, although it was
still devoid of any dust or damage the way it was plagued now.

Outside, rain relentlessly tapped on the windows, and the world was
nothing but a washed haze of grey beneath its cloudy filter. Through the
doorway to the parlor, I saw Margret and Natellie sitting perfectly
still, one disassociating at the floor while the other stared out the
window, bouncing her leg. They were waiting for something, and whatever
it was seemed to have them on edge.

I moved in to join them, and as I did, footsteps began trailing behind
me down the stairs. No—up the stairs. I turned to find that they were
coming from the basement.

The door swung open rather harshly, and Adeline stepped through, a quiet
frustration displayed on her face. She slammed the door to the steps,
then took a deep breath, running her hands through her hair in an
attempt to collect herself. Then, putting on a calm face, she moved
around into view of her sisters.

Both stood eagerly, and Margret spoke before Adeline could even get a
word out, “Well? Did you speak to him? Did he tell you what to do?”

Adeline opened her mouth, but no sound left it at first. Instead, I
could see cogs turning as she tried to spin whatever news she had into
‘good’. Finally, after a several seconds, she returned, “He has told us
the same thing we already knew: that the boy would have been the ideal
mark to complete our loom.”

“Ideal or necessary?” Natellie urged crossing her arms.

Adeline tossed hers indifferently, “I do not see why any single thread
would be ‘necessary’, Natellie. We’ve woven countless into that door
already, and every single one has been pure—Even the finest quilts have
one or two bad stitches in them, but on the whole, it does not ruin the
piece. Surely there is another child in that town that will be of
similar or equal quality.

“We are not dealing in fabrics, though, sister—this is not merely a
blanket that needs to keep us warm. This is the fragile matter of the
cosmos that we are weaving, and if it is not pure—”

“Sister, would I ever risk something so foolish? Of course we shall make
sure the thread is pure; I would never make a move so brash! Do you
forget that this dream was mine first? As if I would ever dare risk
jeopardizing everything in the name of haste.”

“I am aware, Adeline,” Natellie scowled at her sister, “But even the
most disciplined dog will salivate when so close to a treat.”

“So I am a dog, now?” the head witch gasped stepping forward with an
authority so intense it made even me uneasy.

Natellie seemed charged enough that it didn’t deter her, “You are acting
as eager and starry eyed as one! None of this would have happened if we
had waited for the proper time that I divined to take that boy! But you
rushed us along, and roused his thread before he was clear, and it’s too
tangled for us to use!”

“I don’t see why it’s too tangled,” Margret grumbled beside her sister,
“We’ve had no qualms about any of the other lives that have been given
for this cause. We can pluck the other boy who was with him and cut him
out. That should restore the thread, no?”

“It’s not a matter of the one boy—his thread could be tangled around
dozens by now. We’d be caught if we tried to cut out everyone attached,
and then it’d truly be over,” Natellie explained.

“Which is why we cut him loose instead,” Adeline barked over her
siblings, “We undo his thread from the loom entirely, then prep a new
one. Wash our hands of the whole affair and start over.”

“Do you know how to do that?” Margret asked eagerly, “Can you sever from
the loom once attached without damaging it? Is that what you were
talking about with the voice on the other side?”

Adeline’s eyes darted to the left, “It… did not tell me, no.”

“Didn’t tell you? Or did he tell you that it cannot be done?” Natellie
accused.

Adeline scoffed, “Who is he to tell us what can and cannot be done?”

“He has done nothing but!” Natellie shouted, “All the wisdom we have
been given for this affair was gifted from him! And now that we are so
close to the end, we choose to veer without guidance?”

“All the wisdom he has bestowed has been hypothesis, Natellie—the same
way men of science run experiments. He is a being apart from us, merely
guessing what it would take to break us through the veil. He knows not
for certain whether it would work or not because this has been done by
only a handful before us.”

“So then, what exactly did he tell you? What had you slamming the door
so harshly moments ago?”

“He is angry that I failed to bring back the correct mark, and that
there is to be a delay in our plans; that is all. But we have agreed
from the beginning—us three—that if there ever comes a time when this
being attempts to steer us from our goals, we would not allow it, did we
not?”

“This is not steering us away, this sounds like a warning,” Natellie
spit.

“It is a warning without merit,” Adeline said poshly, “He only wants us
to risk everything trying to retrieve the boy because his pride blinds
him. I know enough about the loom and its threads by now to navigate its
functions. With the right spell, I know I can sever the boy’s thread
from our door as if it never happened.”

“That’s what you meant by ‘sever’?” Marget chuckled, “I thought you
meant you planned to snuff the child out entirely.”

“With his thread already tied, it would damage our work,” Adeline
scoffed, “And it would be too brash anyway. Witnesses already saw us
speaking to the child, and I already told you why we cannot afford to
garner the attention of authorities right now.”

“So what then?” Natellie crossed her arms, “You create this spell to
undo your mistake, and we carry on like nothing happened?”

“Precisely,” The scarlet haired witch smiled, “simply untie that knot
and loose the boy from our tapestry. I suppose he’s a lucky one—barely
avoided his fate.”

“And unlucky for the next number in line,” Margret sighed, looking back
toward the window, “Shame we won’t have our friend from beyond to help
us find a mark if he’s upset with you.”

I saw the smallest moment of unease in Adeline’s face before she masked
it behind one of her beaming, confident smiles, “Sisters, please! There
is a staggering amount of doubt towards me that I’m receiving from both
of you. Have I not helped us to thrive over the centuries? Have I not
given us all we have so far?”

Natellie and Margret looked at one another, then back to their sister
with a sheepish expression.

Adeline stepped forward and touched each of their arms, “Worry not, my
dears. I caused a minor setback, yes, but I will correct it in no time.
And once I do, we will look back on this sorry moment and laugh at how
trivial it was. I promise, soon, the paradise we’ve longed for will be
ours, and you will never have to worry about a single thing ever again.”

The women broke into smiles and moved to comfort one another, but I was
frozen in place, staring at the scene in pure, unbridled horror. Not
only had my plan worked to find more information, but there could not
have been a memory more perfect to stumble into than this one.

It wasn’t because I now knew there had been a hiccup in the
decades-spanning ritual the sisters had been toiling at. It wasn’t
because that meant it was probably the reason for everything being as
fucked as it currently was. The piece to the puzzle that I had been
looking for hadn’t had anything to do with the god hiding somewhere
beyond the veil guiding their twisted ambitions, or the spell that
Adeline had potentially come up with to fix things.

Those were all valuable in their own right, but in that moment I could
only think one terrible, soul-wrenching thought.

When seeing through the taken child’s eyes, there had been one moment
that was dreadfully familiar to me; one that made a whole flood of
revelations and memories come crashing down on my already shattered
mind. A moment that had once been so fond in my heart that I’d cut
around all the disturbing implications to keep it on a pedestal all
these years.

A long time ago, when I was a young child, I was near the park and I
tripped hard over part of the sidewalk that a tree had uprooted. My
jeans already had holes in them so I bashed my knees open pretty bad…

 I had gotten back up to dust myself off, but there had been a lady who
had been passing nearby; she saw it all happen and rushed over. Helped
me to sit down on a bench and asked me if I was okay….

I remember that moment clear as day, but I couldn’t tell you what she
looked like—I was too afraid to look grown-ups in the eyes. I remember
her voice, though. How sweet and tender it sounded. I remember how warm
her hands felt on my shoulders and how gentle they were when she dabbed
at my wounds. I remember the way my chest felt warm when she called me
‘sweetheart’, like she cared about me…

Now, I especially remembered—the whole scene was clear as day in my
mind, but the return of clarity didn’t make me feel fond.

I remembered because I had just lived the whole thing a second time
beneath different skin.

A lion with its head missing.

A busted up knee.

Glue and toys.

A bandaid and tender words.

Different instances with similar catalysts, but there was one variable
that was unfaltering between the two. The stranger who had come to help
us.

Adeline.

The only difference between the two moments was that I had never walked
off with her. Something happened that day which spared me from following
the woman and getting in her shiny red convertible with her and her
sisters. From being taken to a manor where I’d be pampered and spoiled
and healed from my pains before being stabbed harshly in the back by
those who I’d come to trust, all in the name of a twisted ritual.

A ritual for which I’d just watched a scene of those same women
panicking over that very outcome.

After all this time, Kait and I’s game of who got to die first had come
to an end. The winner was always going to be whoever the door wanted,
and it turned out I was wanted before the door was even open.

My vision began to blur with tears as the realization hit me all at
once.

The red door and its corruption, the monsters coming out to find
prey—they had always targeted me; even the first one that killed Casey
in my stead. The voice behind the door when we’d first arrived at the
manor—it had known my name even before I’d opened it.

I may not have started this mess; I knew the whole thing was ultimately
out of my control. Even so it didn’t change the facts.

All of this—all the deaths and injury and fatigue that had come about
when the door woke up again? It was because of me.
