Part 2.

I barely slept that night, even though I was tired from the long shift.
I had to think of what we would do tomorrow. I considered how dangerous
going back was. But if something was happening and the police were
complicit in it, then Jake and I would need to try to help whoever we
could.

Jake and I met up in the early morning and made a plan for what we would
try. I hoped we could somehow sabotage the third part of the film and
stop whatever horrible outcome was going to occur. Whatever was going to
happen to the audience after watching it, it couldn’t be good.

Jake tried to message Cassilda, but she had stopped responding, and Jake
was concerned something might have happened. If she had been invited to
watch the movie, the same thing happening to the other people was likely
happening to her now.

I spent some time researching the theatre and Mr. Hasturing on the
internet. I couldn’t find anything of substance on our boss; he may as
well have not existed. I considered that he might be using an alias of
some kind.

I did find something strange when searching the theatre’s history. A
theatre of the same name had shown up briefly over a year ago in a small
town near the outskirts of Paris.

I remembered Haturing saying he had shown others this movie before, and
I wondered what had happened in the aftermath to the people who had seen
that film a world away.

As the day dragged on and we made our preparations, Jake became more
agitated that he couldn’t contact Cassie.

“I don’t know what to do, man, if she saw that thing and it fucked her
up…” He paused, sounding genuinely distressed,

“We will do what we can; we can still stop this, whatever it is.” I
tried to reassure him.

Jake suggested we go in, with proverbial guns blazing, but I suggested
we play it cool and wait for our chance, in case Mr. Hasturing had some
means of stopping us. For all we knew, he might be able to have us
dragged away by the enthralled cops if we tried something overt.

My plan won out, and Jake and I were both preparing to show up to our
third shift on time and as usual.

The hours ticked by and it was finally time to go. We jumped in the van
and drove to the theatre. No music, no banter, just grim determination
and an anxious fear that we were walking right into a trap.

We arrived early, and there was a disturbing energy to the place. Like
the entire theatre was covered in static.

Sam was in the box office, and he nodded to us as we approached; Jake
returned the gesture, and I ignored him. I was not sure who we could
even trust at that point.

Cassilda was not at the concession area, and a velvet rope was blocking
off the entrance.

Jake winced, and I could tell he was about to go and look when I held
him back.

There, walking down the red carpet and looming over the theatre halls,
was Mr. Hasturing. Instead of his usual suit, he wore a tattered yellow
robe and a strange crown-like ornament on his head. He strode forward to
greet us, that same knowing smile plastered across his gaunt face.

“Good evening, my friends; here we are now on the last day. The
transcendence of part three will shape the destinies of everyone who
experiences it. You must be prepared; tonight is the true test. I am
willing to offer you each a $10,000 bonus if you stay until the end and
ensure the movie is not interrupted. After today, our guests will see
the world in a new light, and you might have the privilege of seeing it
as well. But for now, your phones, please.”

He held out his hand, and Jake and I both handed him the burner phones
we had purchased earlier. We had even given them the same cases to try
and make them match our own phones as much as possible. Hasturing took
them and seemed satisfied. I breathed a silent sigh of relief that the
ruse had worked; if something as bad as we feared went down, we would at
least be able to call for help.

Hasturing led us in and bid us to wait. He turned to face the entrance
and smiled. We looked back and saw people piling in. It was eerily
silent, and the audience walked quietly inside to wait. It didn’t even
seem like Sam was selling tickets, just letting people in the door who
he somehow knew had already seen the first two parts.

“Now, my friends,” Hasturing said, “You must save your questions, and
you must leave our audience in peace tonight. Do not attempt to
communicate with any of them as they enter the theatre; in the state
they are in, they are liable to lash out. Wait as you always do, and be
mindful of the bell. The final signal tonight, when the film is over,
will be the sound that ushers us into a new day.”

Jake and I both squirmed uncomfortably at the implication of what he was
saying, but nodded our heads in agreement and played along.

“Good, well then let the show commence!” Hasturing exclaimed, while
holding his hands out and motioning for the people to follow him and
head into the theatres.

Large groups of people entered, many looking haggard. I suspected they
might even be wearing the same clothes from the past two days, based on
how bad they looked. I wondered if they had done anything after leaving,
besides waiting patiently to watch the next part of the film.

The wave of people moved in an oddly silent and graceful way, with a
strange synchrony that allowed them to move as one. The effect was
eerie, and I swear when I looked at some of them, their eyes were glazed
over, and I thought I saw the flickering afterimage of a disturbingly
familiar sigil burning under the skin of their foreheads.

I was beginning to have doubts about our ability to put a stop to
whatever this was.

The creepy horde of customers began walking towards the individual
theaters, and Mr. Haturing gave a dismissive hand gesture to shoo us
away and let them all pass.

I saw Jake scanning the crowd, looking around for any sign of Cassilda.
I was looking too, though not for her, for an opportunity to sneak into
the back room and make a call.

Almost all of the crowd had made it to their respective theaters, but as
the last group was heading in, Jake exclaimed,

“Cassie!”

Cassilda was there; she wore a strange hooded robe over her normal
theatre attire and had a vacant look on her face, like she was just
aimlessly floating through a vivid dream.

Jake ran over to her and tried to get her attention, but she ignored
him. Then, before he could follow her to the theatre, Mr. Haturing
placed a hand on his shoulder and stopped him.

“Cassilda is on a journey now; she has seen the sign and has placed her
mask aside, perhaps you will do the same soon? But not today; today is
the part for her. Today her mind will be fully opened. You are not to
interfere…Do you understand?”

The low, menacing tone Hasturing’s voice had taken was enough to disturb
me, and even Jake was speechless before the overwhelming presence of the
man.

The customers had finally finished moving into the theaters. Hasturing
let go of Jake’s shoulder moments after the locking bars securing the
doors fell down.

“Now, if you please. You are to resume your duties. If you truly wish to
see what she will see, then wait and perform your role. If you are
worthy, then the same revelation awaits you; now go.” He dismissed us
and returned to the box office to confer with Sam over something.

Jake was at a rare loss for words, and I couldn’t think of what to say.
I tried to reassure him, but he looked shaken. We still had our plan; it
had to work, for the sake of all the people there.

According to the schedule, we had exactly three hours to do something
about it before whatever revelation Hasturing was referring to altered
the lives of the audience permanently.

We waited in the hall, quietly discussing our game plan.

“Alright, we have the phones now. I say the only way we can stop this
from happening with all the people is calling in a bomb threat or
something.” I suggested.

“Could try a Fire alarm too; might be faster?” Jake added, “Though there
might not be one here. It has to be something credible and something
that goes over just a police response in case those same weirdos get
called here again.”

He had a good point. We considered our options, but as we were
discussing them, we began to hear the disturbing sounds coming from the
theaters.

Screams echoed from the auditoriums, alongside a dull chanting and
strange words that sounded like the gibberish that manic dead man had
been mumbling to us before he was taken away last night.

Time was running out. We both attempted to call in the threat and try
and coroberate it to encourage a response. To our horror, our phones
failed to get any signal, and even the emergency line, which was usually
exempt from such issues, was completely dead.

Now we had no way to contact anyone outside.

“Shit, okay, new idea.” I told Jake, “One of us leaves, goes out to get
help, and brings it here?”

Jake considered it and agreed. We kept walking and talking, carefully
searching for anyone who might discover what we were up to. We snuck
past the box office. Sam and Hasturing were gone. We weren’t sure where
they had gone, but it worked for us.

We made it to the door, and I had resolved to leave and get help while
Jake stayed and searched for Cassie. I didn’t like the idea of him going
into one of those cursed theaters, but he was determined.

Our plan fell apart once we reached the front door and found that not
only were we locked out of the theaters, but we were locked into the
lobby. I glanced around to see if anyone was in earshot, then stepped
back and kicked the door as hard as I could. It barely shook in the
heavy frame. We were stuck.

“Well, Plan B, let’s cause some trouble and force the people to stop
watching, yeah?” I was concerned about what that meant, but I agreed. We
had to do something.

We started for the theaters, but I grabbed Jake’s shoulder and asked
him,

“Did you bring the Insurance?” He smiled, and this time he shifted his
vest out of his belt buckle and showed the holstered AMT Hardballer he
had smuggled in. I breathed a sigh of relief.

“Hope we don’t have to use it, but we have it in case we need it.” He
said while tucking it away.

We moved quietly into the halls, starting our process with theater 1.

We reached the locked door to the theatre and tried to ignore the
disturbing sounds coming from inside.

“How do we get in, though? I could take a shot at it, but that would be
really loud.” Jake asked,

“No, let’s wait on that. I have an idea. Get the mop.” Jake grabbed it
and handed it to me, looking confused.

I grabbed it, angled it into the gap where the bar rested in place,
locking the door. It wouldn’t reach since it was too wide, so I placed
it under the door and pulled until a portion of it broke off. I stomped
twice on the wrecked tip of it until it was narrow and replaced it into
the gap in the door. I carefully slid it in, and with a bit of leverage
I was able to force the bar locking the door up and off. I reached for
the handle and looked to Jake, who nodded and drew the Insurance.

The light from the hall mingled with the sickly yellow light emanating
from the screen. I heard a low, ecstatic moan coming from somewhere, as
well as sobbing.

We walked in, and I almost looked at the screen, but diverted my
attention away when I realized what might happen. The audience did not
seem to notice or care that we were there.

I saw Jake searching the crowd, probably still looking for Cassie. He
looked up briefly, and I saw a disturbing light reflect from his eyes;
against my better judgment, I glanced at the screen and was immediately
accosted by terrifyingly vivid images of a familiar scene in my head. It
looked just like it had in my nightmare. The high rampart on the
crumbling city, overlooking the lake and the black stars rising high
above. In the center was a figure, a terrible singular entity, garbed in
a simple yellow robe. His intent was clear,

“Obey.”

I pulled my eyes away and felt a wave of nausea that almost made me
vomit on the steps. Jake was enthralled by the screen, and he wouldn’t
listen, so I leaned back and kicked him in the back of the knee until he
fell forward with a crash.

I heard him curse and cry out, but the effect seemed to be dispelled.

“What the hell, man, why did you…” I cut him off and inched forward to
block his line of sight with the screen. “We can’t look, not at the
screen at least. Cover me while I head up to the projector. I’m going to
shut it off and maybe destroy the movie if I can.” He nodded in
agreement and held up a hand to try and block his sight from the screen
as we moved forward.

I started up the stairs to the projector room and tried to ignore the
constant audible assault of the malign force reaching out from the
screen to assail my mind.

The audience writhed in a disgusting combination of horror and ecstasy,
and I was afraid that even now, their minds might be permanently damaged
by whatever the hell was calling out to them from that accursed film.

Jake was going aisle by aisle searching for Cassilda. I ignored his
progress since I didn’t want to look back and accidentally see the
terrible source of the sounds I heard.

I finally reached the door to the projector room. It was locked, but it
appeared to be a simple handle and not a deadbolt or bar. I braced and
stepped back, then shot forward and crashed into the door, breaking the
hinges.

My shoulder ached, but I had done it.

Inside, I saw the projector. I shut it down quickly, and as soon as it
stopped, I heard confused gasps and, in some cases, panicked screaming
coming from the theatre.

The audience seemed to be having a shared nervous breakdown now that the
movie had stopped rolling and Jake was trying to weave in between the
tortured viewers to get back to the entrance.

I got ready to follow, but I turned back and threw the projector down
and stomped on it. Then I pulled out the reel and used a box cutter
nearby to rip and tear as much of it as possible.

Once I was satisfied, I hurried back down the steps, past the raving and
sobbing people.

Whatever had happened, they were messed up. I worried about what was
happening to the other groups who had seen even more. We had to hurry.

Before leaving, we tried to get the people’s attention and lead them
out. Unfortunately, no one listened; they all just continued to sit down
or stare blankly in apathetic confusion.

We didn’t have time to try and convince them. Jake and I both bolted out
of there and moved onto theatre 2.

It was worse in there. I managed to repeat my break-in with the locking
bar. But as soon as we got in, there was an awful smell of fresh blood.
The screen was flashing rapidly in a seizure-inducing rhythm, and four
members of the audience were standing in a corner. They were taking
turns mindlessly stabbing a fifth.

The person was already dead. He was covered in blood, and his face
looked like it had been half ripped off.

I took an instinctive step back, and Jake aimed the Insurance at the
deranged people.

One of the group finally turned around to regard us, and his eyes seemed
to glow with a sickly yellow light. He pointed a finger at us and
screamed,

“No, not upon us, oh king!” And he launched himself at us.

Jake didn’t hesitate. One shot rang out loudly in the theatre, and the
man who had jumped at us lay on the ground. The others looked at us,
then at their fallen comrade. Instead of attacking us, they huddled
around the fallen man and began plunging knives into his dead flesh as
well. The terrible scraping sound that followed left little to the
imagination, and I knew they had started to peel the skin off his face.

“What in the actual hell is going on here?” Jake mumbled in horror.

“I don’t know, but we need to hurry,” I replied as I rushed up to the
projector. I barged in like before and set about destroying both the
machine and the film.

We managed to clear theaters 3 and 4 after that, though it took longer
than expected, since several viewers had attacked us and we were
embroiled in a melee that injured both of us.
They stopped when the film stopped, but the escalation was becoming a
real threat; we had to go faster. Time was not on our side. Over half
the movie was complete, and each theater saw the moviegoers in worse
states of mental degradation.

We arrived at theatre 5, and I hesitated, remembering that this was
where we had found that psychotic man stuck to the wall. I ignored the
wave of anxiety and managed to unlock the door, but this time the shard
of mop handle broke in the process.

I was worried, but Jake urged me on, and we rushed inside. We held up
our hands to avoid looking at the screen. As we looked everywhere else,
we saw the audience all standing up, holding their hands out in some
disturbing gesture of prayer or worship. I heard a soft melodic tune
coming from the speakers, and I feared to look at what might be on the
screen just then. I started racing up the stairs, but I heard Jake call
out,

“Cassie!”

Jake had found her. I looked back briefly to see him pulling her hands
down from the strange pose that she and the others had taken. He was
trying to talk to her, but I heard no response. I had no time, though I
had to move. I hoped that once I shut off the film, she would be okay,
or at least we would mitigate the damage.

I forced my way inside, but as the door swung open, I saw someone else
in the room. It was Sam; he wore the same type of tattered yellow robe
as Mr. Hasturing and stared at me with a look of barely suppressed rage,

“You! You saw the signs, you saw what awaits, the return of a true God,
and yet you reject it?”

I took a step back, and before I could call out to Jake for help, Sam
lunged at me, leading with a small blade he had pulled from somewhere
under the robe. Fortunately for my own sake, he was slower than I was. I
sidestepped and managed to roll under his charge and trip his legs. He
stumbled down and smashed his head on the first step leading out.

I hopped back up to my feet, ready to continue the fight, but Sam was
motionless.

I considered checking on him, but knew whatever was happening, we needed
to stop the film. I ignored his prone form and leapt back towards the
projector.

I switched it off, but disturbingly the film kept rolling. I toggled the
switch and tried everything I could. Eventually, in desperation, I
kicked the entire projector over. I was satisfied it had finally
stopped. Then I looked back and nearly cried out in terror as the image
was still there. The terrible vista of looming oblivion remained; the
projector was not doing anything, something was there on the screen, or
maybe not a screen at all, maybe a portal?

I called out to Jake,

“We need to leave now!”

Jake was trying to convince Cassilda to leave with us, but she just
stood there, immobile, like the rest of the audience.

“Come on, Jake, we have to go now. The movie, I stopped it, but whatever
that is…”I pointed to the screen and continued, “It’s still there.”

Jake almost looked back at the screen but stopped himself.

“What do we do then?” He asked in panicked desperation.

“I don’t know, but we have to move. Something bad is about to happen.” I
replied with a gasp as it felt like the air had left my lungs and my
voice had failed. I started rushing out, and Jake shook his head and
proceeded to hoist Cassilda up and onto his shoulders. He started
carrying her for a few moments when he suddenly cried out in pain and
fell.

She had landed on top of him, and I saw she was holding a small, curved
dagger covered in his blood. I rushed over to him to check how badly he
was hurt. Cassilda did not follow up her attack; she just stood there,
looking at the screen in awed fascination.

Then she looked back at us, or rather, past us, at some other unseen
entity. She spoke for the first time,

“Forgive them their trespasses, Lord. They know not what they do. It is
a frightful thing, is it not? To be judged by the king?” She lingered on
the last word, and I realized we were no longer the only non-audience
members in the room.

Behind us, looming in the entry and casting a wide shadow into the
theatre was Mr. Hasturing. His face was set sternly, like a stone mask,
and he wore the same disturbing crown as before.

I looked around, and the entire audience was facing him now. They all
began to kneel.

A bell rang out in the distance, and I realized we were too late. We
should have had more time, but somehow it had finished. Or maybe the
movie was over, but the experience was not.

“Oh shit, looks like we found the king,” Jake mumbled, while trying to
stand up. “Not too surprising; it’s always the boss, huh?” Jake tried to
joke while groaning in pain. I suppressed a terrified chuckle at his
attempt at humor while I looked around at the dire situation we were in.

Hasturing swept his arm around the theatre and spoke,

“I see you have been busy spoiling the film for the adoring fans. The
ones you stopped early are forfeit now. Their lives can never be
recovered; they are lost, and their deaths will be on your soul. To
think, I believed you two might be worthy of the sign, to see the truth
and be reborn. You are remnants of the world that I will see burn away
at the coming of the tattered crown. These believers will spread the
truth, and this film will light the way for all mankind who seek to know
what our true purpose is, but as for you, oblivion I think will have to
suffice.”

I looked down at Jake, who was still bleeding badly, and I caught sight
of the silver glint of the Insurence’s hammer.” We were hopelessly
surrounded, but I figured if he was thinking what I was thinking, it
might work. It had to, since if it didn’t, we would be screwed.

Hasturing stepped closer, and the audience stood up and converged as
well, surrounding us.

I helped Jake to his feet and gave him a quick nod.

“Mr. Hasturing, we are sorry for ruining the movie, but we did have one
thing we wanted you to know before you kill us,” I said, while preparing
for what was going to happen next.

Hasturing held up a hand, and the audience stopped moving. He laughed
and then gestured for me to continue, clearly amused by our attempt at
bargaining.

Jake spoke up next,

“Yeah, just one little thing, or rather, several little things…”

He drew the Insurance and shouted,

“We quit!”

He unloaded the rest of the magazine in an instant firestorm, each shot
landing center mass.

Mr. Hasturing dropped down and collapsed with a shocked expression on
his once stony face.

The audience all gasped out loud and finally seemed to be reacting to
what they were seeing. Many people started to run for the exit; others
just started to scream as if their own minds had finally been returned
to them. Whatever profane control he had over the crowd seemed to be
dispelled.

I stood next to Jake, watching the unfolding bedlam, and quietly asked
him,

“Weren’t we going to say ‘You’re fired’, like a gun ya know?”

Jake laughed, “Oh yeah, that does sound better. But I mean, he was our
boss, not the other way around, so we were quitting, right? I don’t
think fired would work there.”

“Yeah, I guess, it just sounded a bit…meh.”

“What! What do you mean? I just shot some sort of mind-controlling
warlock several times in the chest and you think that’s meh?”

I bit back a laugh,

“No, not that part; that was awesome, but just the one-liner- it was a
little…meh.”

“I get stabbed here, and I say the wrong one-liner, and you’re going to
grill me in front of the people really?” He responded with irritation.

I shrugged, “Sorry, just had to throw that out there.”

“Message received, but seriously, I’m losing a lot of blood. Can we
maybe go to a hospital?” Jake asked, while staggering towards the exit.
I grabbed his arm to steady him.

“Yeah man, sure thing.”

I started helping him out, but we stopped for a moment when he started
looking around the remaining crowd. Cassilda was not there; she must
have fled along with the others. Jake let out a pained sigh as we moved
on.

As we neared the exit again, we stopped. Our vision was arrested by
something disturbing on the ground. The fallen form of Mr. Hasturing had
been there moments ago, but now something else was there.

The tattered yellow robe was only covering a large mound of dust. The
only thing that remained of the man we had worked for was a horrific
mask that looked like a human face. It rested on the desiccated remains,
looking out at us through hollow eye holes that had once been used by
whoever, or whatever, had taken the temporary guise of a businessman by
the name of Hasturing.

We left the theatre shortly after. The front doors had been unlocked,
though by whom I didn’t know.

We made it to the hospital, and Jake was taken to urgent care.

Afterward, we had to deal with the many valid questions from the police
who had investigated the terrible theatre after our departure.

Disturbingly, they could not contact any of the people who worked there
besides us. Fortunately, we were not implicated, despite the fatalities
that occurred. The real cops who had investigated the aftermath found no
trace of the slain audience members, or staff for that matter. Something
had happened to them, though we had no idea what.

Either way, there was no trace of Sam or Cassilda. A few of the audience
members who were too stunned to flee were questioned, and they
remembered nothing; the last three days had seemed like one long
consecutive nightmare. We still had no idea just what kind of terrible
reality-bending film Hasturing was showing those people, but I suppose
it didn’t matter now; we had stopped it.

So now once again Jake and I are out of work, looking for something else
that can pay the bills. Jake mentioned that there is another theatre
hiring, a few towns over. It looks like pay is pretty good. It sounded
interesting, since we did not really get the chance to work at a proper
theatre. Though after reading the specific details, I think I’m going to
pass on it.

The theatre is not open yet anyway, since they are still rebranding.
Apparently, the place will be called “The King’s Theatre,” and the new
manager, whose name was listed as “Mr. Samuel Hasturing,” was not
available to take any calls just yet.

Yeah, I think Jake and I are going to give up on show business. Too many
sequels and remakes, after all, and the villains never seem to stay
dead…
