Me and a friend of mine (who I will call “H” for transcribing our
exchanges) started chatting online, and got to sending each other
increasingly funny online quizzes. You know those ones that tell you
which member of a band or which Disney Princess or whatever else you
are?

H: ok i found another one

H: its called what fast food restaurant are you

Me: And? Did you find out

H: idk i havent finished yet

Me: Alright send me the link

We went back and forth like this for a while; he’d keep looking for new
quizzes, share his results, and I’d try them too. By the time I’d
finished, he’d have another one ready. I got up to get some water,
leaving my laptop on the couch. Once I’d come back he had, of course,
sent me another link.

H: dude take a look at this

H: https://ͱa‡ⅎ⅄ͱbvcⅎmⅎa‡s⅄.com

I clicked the link, expecting another quiz. I was surprised, however, by
the rather plain page that greeted me: white background, arial text and
only the all-caps word “QUIZ” in bold at its top. Below it was a
question: “What is your favorite color?” I picked “blue” from a
selection of colors, and the next question appeared on-screen.

The first few I went through were relatively mundane. Things like
whether I preferred cats or dogs, pepperoni or cheese pizza, etc.;
nothing nonstandard for these quizzes.

I had just answered whether I was an introvert or extrovert when I
noticed that the next question had a free response box. “What is your
name?” it read.

Tentatively, I typed my first name in the box and pressed Enter. I have
a common enough name that I didn’t feel too uncomfortable sharing it.
The question following it, however, was even more bizzare. It was,
again, free response, and this time said simply “Where do you live?” I
tabbed out of the site to message H again.

Me: Why are the questions on this one so weird

I idled for a couple minutes but didn’t receive a response. Tiring of
the wait, I returned to the quiz page. I reread the words. “Where do you
live?”

I couldn’t move on without submitting an answer, so I just pressed space
to leave the query blank before moving on. Unfortunately, this didn’t
allow me to progress, red text appearing below the box telling me I had
to input a valid location. I tried inputting a real location (“New
York”) and the red text changed to say only “Incorrect.” I refreshed and
reopened the page to no avail.

Me: It’s not letting me keep going

Me: Do you have any other ones this one kinda sucks

This time, H responded.

H: it gets good, I promise. just answer these ones.

Me: I don’t want to give this site where I live though

H: you’ll be fine. the payoff is worth it.

So I entered the name of the town I live in. Then, it allowed me to
continue to the next question.

Me: Wtf how did it know that the answer I put in was correct??

Not receiving an immediate response, I looked at the next question. It
was back to multiple choice with a binary yes or no option.

“Are you alone right now?”

Unsettled, I glanced around the room. I pressed no and tried to
continue, but the next question wouldn’t load. I tried pressing yes
instead and, to my dismay, I was able to advance.

Me: Okay this is getting really creepy

Me: I think I’m gonna stop now

H: keep going. just trust me please. i’m sure you’re almost at the end.

Me: Okay fine but if it gets any weirder I’m bailing

I read the question.

“Can I come inside?”

There were no options to select, only the text. Then I heard a sound,
emanating from the front of my house. Knocking. My blood ran cold as the
sound continued in short, sparse bursts.

Me: H what the fuck is this

H: ⅎmz⅄ͱⅎ‡oe⅄k ⅄sͱͱ‡chⅎ ͱⅎ‡dn⅄u⅄x

When I looked at my laptop again, the words on the screen had changed.
No longer a question, but now a command.

“Let me in.”
