{Original Post} ~ {Part List}

Content warning: >!Child harm and death!<

It was a gloomy day as I moved through the streets towards the center of
town, the dark clouds above a slight breeze away from spilling their
contents on Stillwater. Even so, it could have been a torrential
downpour complete with lightning flashes and raging winds, and it still
wouldn’t have soured my mood.

I had been invited to a sleepover, and it was the first time that had
ever happened.

I had been so excited that I rushed out of my house over an hour early
to get to the park. I hadn’t even brought toys or anything to do; I was
more than content to just sit there with the brand new, exhilarating
feeling in my chest and revel in it while I waited. The plan was for
Casey and I to meet at the park since we lived close to each other, and
then to head to Bryce’s from there.

Even with so much time to spare, I still moved down the sidewalk with
such a gait that one might have thought the ice cream truck had just
passed by. The usual cold, oppressive air of Stillwater felt
invigorating as it cooled against the energetic joy burning in my
cheeks. It was as if it were the second half of an equation that made
the sinkhole of a town finally make sense. The autumn leaves on the
trees that usually looked muddy and brown instead blurred by with
vibrant, radiating red, and the air smelled sweet from the surrounding
pines’ mist rolling into the streets.

The playground came into view, and for a moment, I hoped that I might
spot Casey already there waiting, too. Maybe he had also been too
excited to wait and would come early. He hadn’t, but it didn’t dowse my
spirit at all. I just pulled my backpack further onto my shoulder and
picked up the pace, letting that cool autumn air scrape my cheeks once
more.

That energy amped back up for a second time, but then instantly, it came
crashing down in my own haste.

A slab of the sidewalk had been uprooted from one of the decorative
trees in the devil’s strip that was never planned to have grown into a
full sized oak, and I hadn’t been watching my step, nor lifting my tiny
feet nearly high enough to clear it. The toe of my shoe connected with
the lip, and I went down like a ton of bricks.

In an instant, that coldness on my cheeks went from refreshing to just
plain cold as my body collided with the damp, cracked pavement. Puddles
soaked into my shirt and jeans, but I barely noticed the added chill
past the fresh, burning pain that erupted on my knee. I knew that the
skin had been ripped open before I even scraped myself up—my jeans were
already a tattered, torn mess, and the holes in the legs offered no real
protection. I didn’t know just how bad it was until I finally stood
shakily and checked.

The skin looked like the face of the moon; cratered and beaten by rough
impacts. The pink, reddish tissue beneath glistened from both murky
puddle water and the moisture that kept it limber beneath the skin, and
after a few moments, a new, brighter crimson joined the cocktail as
well. Blood began to trickle down from the gash in runny streaks, and I
winced as I tried to move my knee to stop them.

“Oh dear!” an affectionate voice called out, dripping with concern.

I turned to see a figure in a black shawl and matching regal skirt
walking over; a woman with a flawless hourglass figure and a youthful
stride. The high heels clicking on the asphalt only added to her
numinous aura, and aside from the initial shame of realizing that
someone had just watched me face plant on the ground, I found her
utterly captivating. People in still water never dressed in such a way
unless they were Casey’s parents or from out of town; people with money
and higher class. The fact that she was in this part of town and
speaking to me made her feel like an ethereal being.

She glided over, and before I could play the accident off like I was
alright, she was standing at my side, bending down to look me over. My
eyes quickly darted away—I wasn’t great with direct attention from
adults—and even though me falling was an accident, I still couldn’t help
the nagging feeling in my stomach like I’d done something wrong or was
about to get in trouble. Was she going to be mad that I was out here all
alone? Was she going to try to take me back to my parents, and then I
wouldn’t be able to go to the sleepover?

Anxiety was rapidly expanding in my chest and making my heart struggle
to beat properly, but that pressure fizzled off when I felt a warm,
tender hand slip onto my shoulder, and the woman nudged my chin up to
meet her gaze.

“Are you okay, sweetheart? That looked like a rough fall…”

She had her shawl pulled into a hood over her head as well as a pair of
sunglasses on, but even with most of her features obscured, I could see
that she was beautiful. Her face was even and symmetrical, her pursed
lips a gentle curve that hid a small, kind smile. A couple of brilliant
red curls tussled loose from her cloak to rest across her brow, and when
she saw she had my attention, she took her glasses off to pierce me with
icy blue eyes. They fixed me intently.

I found myself too nervous to speak for a moment, that fear of being
reprimanded still lingering in the back of my mind, but I eventually
managed to swallow and nod.

This was answer enough for her, as she smiled and gave me a small nod in
return, running her hand up my cheek and brushing her nails playfully
through my hair. My skin tingled as the cold shivers through my body
went warm for a beat, and I was frozen perfectly still.

It’s funny looking back, how young eyes can be so colorblind to red
flags. How a stranger being so immediately affectionate didn’t make me
nervous or scared the way that hurting myself a few moments ago had. I
suppose it was easy for my mind to gloss over, having been so starved
and deprived of such caring, motherly touch.

I leaned into it, and deep down, part of me hoped that the woman
wouldn’t pull away just yet.

Her enchanting blue eyes poured over me, taking in details like I was an
apple she was thinking of buying from the market, should it not have too
many bruises. They settled on my knee where the bloody wound there was
beginning to stain the edges of the holes in my pants, and she made a
pitying face, then clicked her tongue. Again, that concern that I was
possibly in for trouble started creeping to the surface, but again, she
crushed it down with her soothing, mild voice.

“Oh, doll, you don’t look fine! Poor thing, that must hurt, hm?”

Her eyes flickered back up to me expectantly, and though I was still
partially stunned, I opened my mouth to sputter out, “N-No, I’m okay;
thank you…”

The woman didn’t look convinced. Her hand that was on my shoulder
slithered down my arm and looped it, then before I could refuse, I was
being pulled over to a nearby bench, “Here, darling, take a seat; we
don’t want you taking another tumble. Let’s see if we can’t get you
patched up, hmm?”

Her forcing me was probably another red flag I should have seen, but
again, it was the sort of care that I had never been shown before, and I
didn’t have it in me to resist. Besides, I had it drilled into me early
that you’re never to argue with an adult, unless you want them to get
angry. I liked the way the woman calmly and carefully spoke to me, and I
didn’t want to disrupt her, so I just sat quietly and held my stomach,
eyeing her carefully with my head bowed.

As soon as I was sorted on the bench, she pulled the extra sheet over
her shoulders off and spun it over my head, letting it rest over me and
chase the cold autumn chill away. It was blissfully warm, and smelled
dizzyingly sweet from the perfume that she had imparted to it. She had
me extend my knee, then, once the wound was fully visible to her, she
withdrew a handkerchief from her purse.

“This might sting a little,” she warned with a playful smile, “But don’t
worry; we’ll get it all cleaned up.”

I winced as she pressed the cloth delicately to the wound, staining it
red and dark brown from the murky mess I’d made. She was right; it did
sting, but feeling the fabric clear out the debris that had been lodged
in the cut was relieving.

It was all she really needed to do in order to make me feel better.
Already, the pain from the impact was nothing more than a dull sting,
and the chill from my clothes was barely noticeable. My head had lifted
fully to watch her face as she worked, and all the while, her
scarlet-painted lips never lost their faint smirk.

She still wasn’t finished, however. She stuffed the kerchief back into
her bag after neatly folding it, and then, something weird happened. I
never thought much of it at the time—probably because I had seen other
people lick the blood off their fingers from a paper-cut before—but I
had never seen someone do it with blood that wasn’t their own. Now I
shiver and feel sick thinking about it again.

“Oops! Got a little on me,” the woman chuckled as if it wasn’t a big
deal. I eyed the drop of blood that clung precariously to her finger for
a moment, before watching her draw it to her perfectly manicured finger
where her tongue lapped it away.

I must have been too enthralled by her to even register how weird it
was, because the moment she changed gears again, my attention followed.
She reached back into her purse and dug around some more, speaking in
her warm tone with curiosity.

“I’m sure I had something else in here… Ah! There we are.” From the bag,
she withdrew a band-aid with a smile, “Always clever to keep one of
these handy. Especially when you’re as clumsy as I am!”

That earned a tiny, bashful smile from me, and my eyes quickly darted
away again, too overwhelmed by her kindness.

She carefully pulled the paper tabs to open the strip, then precisely
removed the covers to align it over the wound. With a gentle, but firm
press, she banished the gory sight from view, and with a small circle of
her thumb for good measure, she sat back.

“There we are! All better! Are you feeling okay, darling?”

My eyes were starry as they met her again, in awe that such an angelic
woman had seemingly fallen from the sky to aid me in my time of need. It
took me a while to find a response, and I almost got choked up, even
being so young.

Was I okay? What I felt in that moment was weird and unfamiliar, but not
bad. I began to wonder if my whole life, I’d had it backward. Maybe I’d
never been okay, and that moment was what it felt like.

I nodded gingerly, my chest feeling tight with emotion, and then I
mildly offered, “Thank you…”

The woman smiled, then brushed my hair again, sparking another burst of
soothing tingles through me, “Of course, my dear; I’m happy to help. My
name is Adeline. What’s yours?”

Her unfettered focus made my child brain fizzle and squirm again, and my
cheeks burned that I’d earned it so completely, “Jessie…” I shyly
offered her.

She made a small gasp, and narrowed her eyes, “Wow, Jessie! What a cool
name! Like a cowboy. You sure seem tough like one.” She added, tapping
gently at my fresh bandage.

It made me give a small chuckle and she joined in this time.

“Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Jessie. Where were you off to in
such a hurry?”

I bashfully turned away, worried that I might look silly or get a
lecture should I tell her the truth, “I’m meeting a friend here. We’re
going to have a sleepover.”

“Oooo, how delightfully fun!” Adeline purred before gazing up at the
park. Her smile faded, and she pursed her lips, “Though, I don’t see
your friend around? Are you sure you’re at the right place?”

I nodded, “I got here early… I was really excited…”

Adeline giggled and put an arm around my shoulder, “I could see that,
sweetheart. Why else would you trip over yourself?” Her nails brushed
near the base of my neck, making me shiver, and she clicked her tongue,
“Hmmm, we solved the matter of your little scrape, but you still seem
awfully chilled. How early are you here, Jessie?”

I gave that shameful bow once again, “I’m supposed to meet him at
4:30—he told me.”

Adeline checked a thin, shiny watch on her wrist and giggled, “Why,
dearie! That’s over an hour away! You’ll freeze to death out here
waiting that long—especially in those holey jeans and soaking wet.”

I turned my face to her, falling for her bait and hanging off her every
word for a solution. She placed the finger she’d licked my blood from to
her lips in thought, then sat tall, “Tell you what; I have an idea. Are
you hungry?”

I hesitated to answer, confused by the question. She quickly elaborated
so as not lose me.

“There’s a lovely little diner not far from here that my sisters and I
were just heading to. Why don’t you join us and get yourself warmed up
and dry? We can get you a bite while you wait too; our treat!” she sang
playfully.

I looked past her to a car that I had noticed by the street, idling with
two other women inside. The one with dark hair behind the wheel smiled
at me, as if on cue, and the other woman in the back seat with the short
blonde cut sat a little higher to invitingly wave.

My stomach growled at that offer. In my house, ‘well-fed’ was a concept
of near myth, and the idea of getting a meal from a restaurant even
more-so. Thoughts of diner fries with a burger like I’d gotten for my
birthday one year flashed into my mind, and I nearly didn’t even think
twice before answering.

However, even in a small town where stranger danger was borderline
non-existent given that everybody knew everybody, I wasn’t quite naive
enough to not let a single red flag raise in my brain. The woman was
kind and had just helped me without asking anything in return, but I
still didn’t know her. What’s more, my reluctance to trust adults gave
me a tight feeling in my chest, unsure that such an offer could possibly
be real.

The whole thing bought me a moment’s hesitation, and I eyed the edge of
the playground towards the direction Casey’s house was. Part of me
couldn’t shake the hope that he’d still turn up early, like I had.

“I… I should probably wait here for my friend.” I muttered, “B-But thank
you.”

Adeline just let out a chuckle like I was the cutest thing in the world,
“Oh, sweetie! You just said it yourself; he’ll be a while longer! I
promise we can have you fed and back before he even realizes you left!”

There was a harsh contrast between the temptation of her words and the
stubbornness in my chest. The way she worded it sounded so genuine and
true in a way that no adult had ever spoken to me. Like there was
nothing that mattered more in her world than making me happy.

I felt myself draw just a little nearer to her, “Are you sure? It’s no
trouble?”

Her hand found its way onto my shoulder again, tensing firm as if I
might run off, “Darling, of course; no trouble at all. It would be our
honor to host such a polite young man.”

Once again, her slender hand slipped back down to loop my arm, pulling
me from the bench to help guide me to her vehicle. I rose without any
resistance, eyes focused on her angelic face as if I were spellbound.

The trance was broken by a voice across the park, “Jessie!”

In that moment on the bench, Adeline had practically taken over my
world. She’d made the woes of home seem like a distant memory, and her
invitation to eat felt like some sort of sacred rite, so much so that it
had almost managed to smother the thing I had been most excited for that
night.

But when I turned to see Casey running across the park with pure elation
on his face, the woman still gripping me faded to nothing but a
background thought. He actually had come early like I’d hoped. He’d been
just as excited to be in my presence as I had been…

I tugged away from Adeline without even thinking and took a few steps
toward him, “Casey!”

He stopped by the play structure and laughed heartily to himself, “You
got here early too; that’s so funny! Bryce called and said we can come
over early, so I was going to run to your house and get you!”

My lips cracked into a full grin, and I matched his laughter as the joy
bubbled up into my chest, “Just a sec, I’ll be right there!”

I turned back to the woman with the grin still on my face, ready to
thank her one last time. She wasn’t looking at me anymore, though; her
head was turned toward the car with her sisters, and though I couldn’t
see her face, they didn’t have the same warm smile when they looked at
us again. I swore I saw the dark-haired woman mouth something to
Adeline.

Of course, I was too young and caught up in my own excitement to catch
any of this. Instead, I just smiled and bashfully told her, “Um, thank
you for helping me, Ma’am. It was very nice to meet you!”, then I turned
to take off running.

Her hand caught my wrist, but this time, the grip didn’t feel gentle and
warm. It was firm and harsh; a more familiar type of touch to me. I spun
to face her, confused as to how I might have offended her, but she
quickly loosened her grip when she saw my surprise. She hadn’t been
smiling anymore either, but it quickly pulled back up.

“H-Hang on a moment, Jessie! Running off so soon?”

Part of me felt a pit of guilt in my stomach at how sadly she asked me
that, and I suddenly felt awful for trying to leave her so hastily.
Regretfully, I nodded at Casey and spoke, “I should get going. I really
am thankful for your help, though.”

Adeline’s lip twitched, “Well, at least let us give you a ride to where
you need to go! You’re in no condition to walk on that leg.”

For a moment, I was tempted again to listen to her, this time just out
of sheer obligation. She was still speaking in that sad, desperate
manor, and I didn’t like hearing her that way. I missed her caring,
soothing voice.

“Jessie, come on!” Casey called again with a chipper laugh, drawing my
attention away from her. He gave a wave and a smile, and even though I’d
just been fascinated by the same gestures from Adeline and her sisters
and how genuine they felt, they may as well have been counterfeit
compared to my friend’s face. No ulterior motive or uncertainty that I
could discern; just pure joy to be in my presence.

I faced Adeline again and smiled, “T-That’s okay, but thank you—I’ll be
alright!”

The woman’s blues fixed me, quavering slightly as if trying to calculate
something deeper. A noise from a house across the street caused them to
flicker in that direction; a couple in their driveway heading out to
their car. They eyed us as they did so, as well as the car parked by the
curb, and it was only when she knew they’d seen the full picture that
she released my arm.

Through a less warm smile—but still convincing enough to fool a child
into thinking nothing was wrong—Adeline nodded at me, then spoke.

“Well, it was a pleasure to meet you, Jessie. Take care now.”

Once again, her acting was impeccable. I believed the statement wholly,
and thought little more of it as I turned to join my new best friend.

It’s funny to me now, looking back, just how little that moment stuck
with me in the days that followed. Adeline’s name had left my thoughts
completely by the time I’d reached Casey, and her face had all but gone
by the time my sleepover came to an end the following morning.

By then, my thoughts were instead occupied by how much fun I’d had; the
jubilation of laughing with Bryce and Casey, playing games and talking
about our favorite shows and characters all night. It was a reprieve so
vindicating and foreign that I almost began feeling sick from all the
excitement butterflies thrashing around my innards. I remember wishing
it could last forever.

That was why it wasn’t until I had to return home the following day that
Adeline reentered my mind. I sulked back through the quiet streets in
reverse from the way I’d gone yesterday—slow and hesitantly—and when I
creaked open the door to our decrepit home and began tiptoeing across
the carpet of eggshells to my bedroom, my mom was waiting in the
kitchen.

I hoped it was going to be one of the days that she simply ignored my
presence, but it unfortunately wasn’t. Thankfully, she didn’t have much
to say to me. She asked how things went more as a courtesy, but then
noticed the Band-Aid on my knee.

“What happened there?”

“Nothing,” I said quickly, “I just fell, I’m fine.”

She looked me up and down, then sighed with frustration, “Yeah, well,
your jeans aren’t. Clothes aren’t cheap, Jessie—stay upright and stop
putting holes in them.”

“Okay,” I nodded, “Sorry.”

She eyed me for a moment longer, but didn’t say anything else. I
departed quickly to spend the rest of the day in my room. That was when
the kind woman from the day before manifested in my thoughts again. Her
concern over me falling compared to my mother’s coldness moments ago.
The way she’d touched me warmly, whereas I wasn’t sure I could recall a
time my mom had hugged me even once. All of that wasn’t even to mention
my father…

From that point on, the thought of her came back often. The mysterious
angel that had saved me that day, and showed me a glimpse of what heaven
could look like. Paired with the night I’d experienced at Bryce’s with a
functional family and in the company of friends who cared about me, and
it was the moment I finally came to awareness that my home life wasn’t
normal, and it probably would never be.

The memory of Adeline had been one that helped me a lot growing up. A
comfort that told me there were good-hearted adults with care and
empathy out there, even if they weren’t the ones watching over me. It
helped me to be less shy around grown-ups and to trust more easily the
kindness of strangers.

It was formative, dare I say. A small, minuscule interaction that became
a core part of who I was, and who I wanted to be.

That’s why it cut me so deep to find out that it was all a lie.

The kindness, the warm embrace; it was nothing but a façade. Adeline
hadn’t done anything she did that day out of concern for me, nor to make
me feel better. She’d done it to get the exact result it had. To make me
idolize her. To make me trust her. To make me desire to run off with her
and her sisters.

The horrifying thing is that it would have worked. If the sleepover at
Bryce’s showed me anything that night, it was that I would have been
happy not to return home. If I had been baited to the dinner with them,
and they’d spun some lie that my sleepover had been canceled and that I
should go stay the night with them, I think I would have agreed, no
matter how foolish that might seem.

She’d cast a spell over me, literally, and it had worked. If I hadn’t
walked away that day—if things had gone even slightly different—I
wouldn’t be here anymore. We would have never been drawn back to the
Manor, Casey wouldn’t have died, and the world would have no
recollection of me ever existing.

I stared vacantly at the wall of the basement where the silver threads
glistened, wondering where on its surface that memory of Adeline would
have lived had they lured me down there after giving me the world, then
plunged the knife into my back. My thread was supposedly the last. Maybe
it would have been the red door itself.

A brush to the palm of my hand made me jump, and I reeled away in shock.
My stance quickly calmed, however, when I saw who it was.

Lucy stood there, shrinking away from my sudden movement and wrapping
her arms to hug herself nervously. Her innocent, downcast expression
gave me the willpower I needed to swallow the nausea creeping up my
throat, and I quickly dropped to one knee with a smile.

Holding my hand out to her, I said, “Hey Princess—it’s good to know
you’re okay. I’m sorry about that; you startled me.”

Lucy’s eyes flickered to my hand, and she gingerly took it with her own,
stepping closer. I could feel the delicate thing trembling in my palm,
and the girl’s head stayed on a constant pivot around the area.

That’s when I registered where we were. The room of the house that she
hadn’t wanted to show me. The room that I had come here to find out the
truth about in the first place. I still needed the memory of the ritual.

I pursed my lips, unable to bring myself to ask so soon. Instead, I gave
her a small tug and opened and arm for her, “Hey, it’s okay. Come here—I
gotcha.”

She stepped into it, then surprised me by throwing her arms entirely
around me. Maybe it was the emotions of what I’d just learned getting to
me, or maybe it was relief that the girl wasn’t mad at me for revealing
to Adeline that the ritual really could peer across the threads of time,
but I found myself tearing up. Once long ago, an adult pretending to be
as kind to her as I was had lured her into this place to kill her, and
yet she still found it in her to trust me.

Then again, I wasn’t quite like the other adults. I had more in common
with her than anyone else.

“I’m like you,” I muttered softly, brushing her wild hair gently, “I was
a child that they were going to take. That’s why I can see you and the
threads, isn’t it?”

Lucy didn’t look up at me, but she nodded into my chest.

The survivor’s guilt struck me like a lightning bolt. How was it fair
that I was able to escape, yet such an innocent soul wasn’t? I tried to
shake it off and remain focused.

“If… that’s the case, they must have had me marked before I even got
here. Linked me to the door in preparation?”

Lucy pulled back and looked up at me, but she didn’t seem to have an
answer this time. I wasn’t sure that even after dwelling in here for so
long, she had all the answers. There was really only one way to know for
sure, and I needed to stop beating around the bush.

Taking her shoulders as gently as I could, I looked into the princess’s
eyes and frowned, “Lucy, I know this place terrifies you, and after
everything you’ve been through, I never wanted to ask, but my friends
and I… we’re running out of options.”

The girl stared up at me the way a dog does when being scolded. It made
it harder for the words to continue to flow.

“I need to see what happened to you all down here,” I told her.

She backed away out of my grasp.

“I know,” I pleaded, making myself even smaller and bowing my head, “I
know, Luce—I can’t even imagine. But if you can show me this one time,
then we might be able to know how to shut the door again. We can make
sure that what happened to you never happens again. We can make sure
that the women who hurt you don’t win.”

Lucy stood there motionless for a while, fidgeting with her hands and
staring at the concrete. For a moment, I didn’t think my words were even
able to pierce her fear and register in her mind, but then she lifted
her head to me. With slow steps, she moved close and took my hand again,
then began pulling me to the stairs.

I held my breath as we went, part of me thinking that she was only
leading me up so we could leave. When we stopped at the top, however,
she reached for the wall on the landing, then pulled out silver threads
from it. Her fingers sifted through them until only one remained pinched
between her index and thumb, and once the scene had molded to it, she
released.

Behind us, the basement door was open, and from the hall spilled the
golden glow from dozens of candles. It was by no means a warm light;
from what I could see, they were set up the same way they’d been in my
last vision. Lucy had done it. This was the night of a ritual.

Ahead of us, in the doorway, Adeline stood with her sisters, all of them
holding candles atop fancy gold stands while dressed in their silk
dresses. In front of them, a little girl stood, a perfect copy of the
one still clutching my hand. The difference was that this Lucy wasn’t in
her usual princess attire. She wore the same white robes I’d seen on the
child from my other vision, complete with intricate patterns of woven
red thread and two parallel lines running from sternum to stomach.

Her expression was placid and dazed as Margret guided her forward by the
shoulder, and already, my limbs pricked with numbing dread. I had fully
known what I was coming here for, but now that I was moments away from
witnessing it, I wanted to leave—tell Lucy to blink us out of here so
that I wouldn’t have to witness the fate of the precious little girl
before me.

I couldn’t though. I had a responsibility to see this through, and
besides, it had been my fate to see this ritual since I was a child…

The women blocked the doorway as they guided Lucy in, and Natellie
closed it on the way through, barring our only escape. My heart pounded
like a war drum as I watched them begin to descend, and I turned to the
princess and knelt, calmly taking her face in my hands while brushing
her cheek with my thumb, “You should leave through the threads, okay
Lucy? I’ll be okay from here. You don’t need to live this again.”

The girl trembled, and I could see spectral tears rolling from her
cheeks, glistening silver like the threads. She shook her head no, then
tucked in close for me to hold. My heart ached as I realized she wasn’t
going to leave me. I was the only form of living connection she had in
this place, and she’d rather relive her trauma than be left alone again.

I swallowed a grieving breath with a nod, then obliged her request for
comfort, scooping her fully into my arms and picking her up, letting her
rest against my shoulder. With the hand that wasn’t supporting her, I
moved it to the back of her head and cradled it there, making sure her
vision stayed squarely away from the scene.

Then, I began following the witches down.

In the basement, there wasn’t much different from the usual concrete
box. There were candles set up here too, but these weren’t spaced
randomly like around the house. These ones were laid out in a perfect,
gridded circle across the floor with threads connecting each stand,
giving it the appearance of a giant dream catcher. There was a space
down the middle of the circle like an aisle, and in the middle of that,
a swath of sheets folded in a neat rectangle, just big enough for a
little girl to lay on.

Beneath all of it was a large tarp that leaked a smell of vinegar into
the air, its dark stains faded from so many attempts at soaking them
out.

“What… is this?” Past Lucy sleepily muttered. There was no fear in her
dazed tone, just confusion.

“Just a little game, sweetheart,” Margret smiled at her, the candle glow
sinister as it cast off her face, “here, you look tired; why don’t you
lie down?”

The woman guided the girl down the aisle to the center of the circle and
helped her do so onto the sheets, then she stepped back and let Adeline
pass her. The head witch got on her knees at the little girl’s side,
then began brushing her hair with her hand while her sisters moved to
the outside of the circle.

Margret and Natellie each took a candle at the edges of the aisle and
unraveled the red thread connecting them, sealing the path and melding
it into the weave that made up all the other candles. While they worked,
Adeline muttered some arcane words under her breath, then retrieved
something from a small tin beside the sheets that Lucy lay on. A long,
silver sewing needle.

I could hardly breathe as I watched her loom over Lucy with the
instrument, and I shifted my Lucy higher into my arms so that I could
cradle her closer. My hand had slipped from the back of her head to the
side so that I could cover her ear, and the other one I pressed to my
cheek so that it was blocked. I was like a statue as my eyes stayed
fixed on the scene, unable to look away from the horror.

I kept my gaze mostly on Lucy, specifically her eyelids, praying with
each passing second that she would close them. The longer this didn’t
happen, however, the more the sickness in my gut ate away at me.

’She’s not falling asleep’, I realized, ’She’s not meant to fall
asleep.’

“Adeline, I don’t feel very good…” the little girl whined up to the
scarlet-haired witch looming over her.

“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” Adeline cooed softly, “must have been something
you ate. Just lay there still now, and maybe you’ll feel a little
better.”

Lucy obeyed—as if she had another choice—then Adeline set to work.
Reaching out to the circle, she unspooled the string around a candle,
then threaded it into the needle before drawing it close to Lucy. There
was a moment of relief when I saw that the point didn’t go directly into
the girl, but only a moment. Instead, Adeline was punching it through
the edge of her robes, weaving the thread into the scarlet patterns
across the fabric and making it blend into the circle.

Lucy lay there still and unblinking while the guardian she trusted
continued weaving. Adeline continued stitching each candle of the circle
inward like a spider spinning a web until it finally reached the
parallel lines down Lucy’s torso. From there, she began stitching back
and forth in a zig-zag until the whole stretch was filled. When she was
finished, she carefully removed the end of her thread from the needle,
then pulling the string taut, she retrieved a new tool.

An ornate pair of sewing scissors. A pair that was far larger than any
normal set had a right to be.

Snipping the excess loose, Adeline kept the blades in her hand, then
smoothed out her handiwork. Below her, Lucy looked up with watery eyes,
her foggy mind still too clouded to understand what was going on. The
thing that made me the most distraught was that even without whatever
drug they gave her, I’m sure she’d have been happy to lie there
perfectly still for them anyway.

At the edge of the circle, Natellie and Margret waited patiently on
either side, arms spread like catholic saints and muttering strange
words with their eyes closed. In the middle, Adeline had positioned
herself above Lucy’s head to begin doing the same, and after a few
minutes, I watched her reach out over the web of thread and pluck at a
few places. The strings excited with vibration, and as they did, the
spectral variants that made up my current plane danced to life from
them.

The silvery threads shifted and strummed from every channel in the ring,
running outward and inside until every spool that was once scarlet now
glowed a ghastly, dull white. The strings settled and stopped shaking,
and all was still for an agonizingly long moment.

I stood, eyes fixed on Adeline and heart pounding so furiously in my
chest that it sounded like someone upstairs was stomping rhythmically
across the old wooden floors. The witch sat perfectly motionless with
her eyes shut tight and the scissors folded neatly across her lap, as if
she was praying. Then, with a sharp, deep breath that made me jump in
surprise, her icy blues snapped open wide, their wild stare cold and
primal as she raised her arms above her head, both hands clutching at
the scissors clasped there.

Before I could process it, she brought it down straight between the
lines that started on Lucy’s chest, and my legs nearly gave out on me.

What happened next, I won’t describe here. Whatever you’re
imagining—whatever horrible sight you think I saw, I can assure you that
it was far, far worse. Whether a mental defense mechanism or the sheer
impossibility of it, the human mind can’t imagine such atrocities unless
one witnesses it firsthand.

All I will say is that I had to clasp Lucy’s head tighter to mine to
make sure that the sounds of her own flesh being desecrated didn’t reach
her, and it was hard to tell whether it was the threads or her sinew
being torn.

I nearly puked. I don’t even know how I remained standing. I think if I
hadn’t needed to stay strong for Lucy, I wouldn’t have managed to. At
one point, I began humming, and I couldn’t stop. Part of this was so
that the vibrations would mask more sound while the princess was pressed
to my neck, but I think the other half was an anchor to keep my mind
from going insane.

No matter how bad the sight, however, I couldn’t look away. It wasn’t
even for the answers at that point; it was simply so profane and
depraved that my mind couldn’t flee, lest I be tormented by the horror
of the unknown more than the sight before me.

It felt like it lasted hours, but it could only have been a few minutes.
By the time Adeline set down the scissors with her bloody hands, I
couldn’t dare to look at Past Lucy’s face anymore. It was a truth that I
didn’t need to know.

Instead, I watched Adeline, pure malice seething behind my eyes that
such a vile creature could exist on the same planet as me. With pure
indifference on her face, she reached down into the abhorrent mess, and
I watched in horror as her hand hunted around. After a few moments, my
hair stood on end, and I staggered back as she lifted it once more,
revealing what it was that all her wickedness amounted to.

A single, silver thread—much brighter and vibrant than any I’d seen so
far—retracted from what remained of Lucy’s body.

Adeline coiled the end of it around her finger, then tugged at the rest
of the length with her other hand. She admired it with a deep inhale as
if it were a cigar then, gazing into its spectral glow, she spoke
softly.

“Goodbye, Lucy dear. The world we create shall be the one you deserve.”

Then, with a gentle gesture, she guided the thread over her shoulder and
released her grip on it.

Like a snake, the silver spool began to move on its own, swaying and
slithering from its source and gliding through the air toward the wall.
Toward the space where all the other threads vanished. Towards the
outline of the red door.

Once it touched the concrete, it passed through, and from the other
side, some unseen force began tugging it. The spool reeled in endlessly
from the body a few feet away, and Adeline and her sisters just watched
patiently, the way one might gaze at the stars. My expression was
nothing but pure horror still, but it was in this lull that I found the
strength to finally pull my gaze away.

I flickered my eyes to the side to check on Lucy in my arms, and while
she seemed to be mostly okay—still holding me tight and
trembling—something else now caught my eye, a little lower to the ground
and harshly contrasting the plain, cement floors.

Protruding from my torso, from the same place that I’d felt a consistent
sickness since the beginning of this mess, there was now a silvery
thread. It was thick and spectral and glowed brightly. Just as bright as
the one currently being consumed by the red door.

I suddenly found it hard to breathe again as I stared down at the
magical string that ran a few inches before vanishing into the air
before me. It wasn’t unspooling the way Lucy’s was right now, only
lingering there and drifting loosely when I moved. Either way, it was
undeniable that it was the same thing.

Whether it was because we were currently present for the ritual, or
witnessing it had just opened some sort of third eye, I was staring at
my own thread of life. A thread that was meant to be taken in this
basement long ago.
