This is all going to sound so unbelievable, but I need to talk about
this because our town is on lockdown until further notice.

My friend Trent and I weren’t looking for trouble. We got high off our
asses and just wanted to get some food. That’s it. That’s how this
started. But with the way the world has been going lately, I’d rather
you hear what actually happened from me instead of whatever story the
news decides to feed you.

I was fused to the couch, aimlessly watching the news anchor ramble on
about politics while Trent sat next to me. “I feel like they’re always
mad about something.”

“It’s the news,” I muttered, my body feeling like the juice inside a
lava lamp. “That’s their whole thing.”

We sat there for a while, listening to the low volume and reading the
closed captioning so that our zonked asses could keep up with what was
going on.

When the channel cut to commercial, Trent got up. “Dude, check this
out.” Trent went to his room and came back with an assortment of
coupons. “Talk about the motherlode of options am I right?”

He set them on the coffee table in front of me. I took a closer look at
them, only to be met with disappointment. “You do realize most of these
are expired right?” I pointed at the various dates, ranging from
yesterday to a whopping three months expired. “So much for options.”

“Coupons are like window shopping.” He smiled dumbly, his eyes
completely bloodshot. “They’re suggestions with confidence.” 

“Fifty milligrams of Indica really got you feeling philosophical, huh
Socrates?” 

“Nah.” He smirked. “It’s got me feeling like I haven’t eaten in at least
ten business days.” 

“Well let’s figure something out then.”

“Chicken sandwiches?” Trent asked.

“We had that last week.” 

“Chinese?” 

“That doesn’t sound good right now.” 

“Tacos?”

“I had horrible stomach cramps the last time we had tacos man.”

“Aw. Do you want me to order you some French cries?” Trent shook his
head in slight annoyance. “You’re more indecisive than my parents trying
to plan a vacation.”

“I mean, we are roommates,” I shrugged. “We’re basically halfway to
being a bickering couple.”

“Touché.” He didn’t even look up at me. “What about Italian?”

“What Italian place do you know that’s going to be open at two in the
morning?”

“Oh…good point.” He stared at me blankly, his last two remaining brain
cells fighting for third place as he picked up another coupon from the
table and squinted at it.

“The Raveyard,” he read slowly with heavy eyes. “‘Buy one, get one
‘Graveyard Smashburger free.’ That sounds… stupendous.”

I laughed at his choice of wording. “You really wanna go to that retro
horror themed place with the weird graveyard out back?”

“Yeah! Why not? We’ve never been.” His eyes widened with excitement. He
was practically frothing at the mouth. “Don’t you want to bite into a
mouth-wateringly delicious patty with melted cheese right now?”

My stomach growled, providing an answer before the words could even
leave my mouth. “Abso-freakin-lutely.”

“Sick.” Trent fist-pumped the air as he grabbed his keys from the
countertop and shoved the coupons into his pocket. “Let’s boot, scoot,
and boogie. I’m starving.” 

I went to turn off the TV, but right as I did so, the late-night news
anchor began talking about something that made my stomach churn.

“The suspect has not been located. Residents of the Silver Grove complex
are advised to remain indoors as the search for Jonah’s killer remains
at large.”

After the breaking news announcement, they put a grainy picture on the
screen. It was an image that was more than likely pulled from a security
camera, but it was enough to get a decent profile.

He had the kind of face that would never stand out in a crowd. I don’t
know if it was the graininess of the footage or the lighting or what,
but his eyes appeared to be an unnatural color. Most disturbingly though
was all the blood. It covered almost every inch of his baggy clothing.

I pressed the power button on the TV remote, and watched the screen go
black. “Should we listen to the news?” 

“Fuck no.” Trent dismissed, dangling his keys. “If people listened to
the news we wouldn’t be in half the shit we find ourselves in. Let’s get
the hell out of here. I’ve got a case of the serious munchies.”

I didn’t argue. I just followed him to the car. In hindsight, I should
have listened to my gut and suggested we stay home, but instead, we left
our apartment complex and embarked on a late quest to The Raveyard.

“Hold On Loosely” by 38 Special served as the soundtrack for our drive
down the various empty  streets toward our destination. The kick drums
thumped in the speakers, drowning out the rumbling of my stomach that
could have easily registered on the Richter scale.

After a fairly brief drive, we rolled up to the restaurant. The big neon
burger flickered in the darkness of the night, a beacon of hope for our
cravings as we pulled up to the skull-shaped speaker box in the
drive-thru. My mouth salivated at the thought of stuffing some burgers
down my food-deprived gullet. 

We sat idly in the car, staring at the plethora of options on the menu
and pondering just how much we were about to blow on food. When we
finally decided what we wanted, Trent rolled down the window and stuck
his head out the car.

“Hey, uh…” He trailed off before remembering the task at hand. “We’re
ready to order.”

We were greeted by nothing but static and…wheezing? It was faint, but
unmistakable.

“Great customer service.” Trent said impatiently. “Are you going to take
our order or what?”

I couldn’t help but feel a little concerned at the noise. “Are they
having an asthma attack or something?”

“They can walk it off. Might just be a newbie’s first day.” Trent pulled
his head back into the car. “We’ve all been there.”

“Don’t joke like that man.”

“I’m not joking. It might just be the speaker.” He stuck his head out
again. “My friend and I want to order. Is everything alright in there?”

There was no response, but the wheezing sound persisted in the static.

“Sounds like someone forgot to turn off their headset while on the
John.”

“Maybe they’re busy on the inside?” I thought aloud.

Trent scanned the parking lot with sarcastic puzzlement. “Yeah…the place
sure is packed to the gills. I know you’re not the brightest crayon in
the Crayola box Tanner, but use that noggin of yours.”

Without warning, the speaker crackled to unsuspecting life as the sound
of a scream pierced the air before falling completely silent.

A cold shiver ran down my spine. “I’m not tripping am I?”

“No. I heard it too.”

Trent stepped on the gas and pulled forward to the first window. What we
saw left us confused and horrified. Smeared all over the cracked
drive-thru window was blood. It dripped down the glass as slowly as
molasses.

Trent unbuckled his seatbelt and stuck his body halfway out the car to
peer through the window. “Surely they’re fucking with us.”

I tensed up in my seat. “If they are, this is one fucked up prank.”

For a solid five seconds, Trent stared inside before recoiling back
inside. The color had completely drained from his face. “We need to go
inside and check on everyone.”

“Are you crazy? What did you see?”

He didn’t answer. Instead, he floored it out of the drive-thru, parked
the car, and immediately barreled out the driver’s side door towards the
entrance. I followed in hot pursuit, well aware that we were treating
all the red flags like checkpoints.

Upon entry, we were greeted with the familiar saxophone motif of
“Urgent” by Foreigner.

“Urgent…urgent…emergency.” reverberated throughout the seemingly vacant
restaurant as my eyes surveyed the carnage. The interior looked like it
had been hit by an F-5 tornado. Chairs were overturned while plastic
trays, paper wrapping, and half-eaten burgers and fries were strewn all
over the black and white chessboard-like tile floor. The fryers in the
back emitted a sound similar to a rattlesnake’s rattle. 

Trent swallowed nervously. “Let’s take a quick look around and get the
hell out of here.”

“I don’t think this is a good idea.” I said, following Trent as he made
his way towards the registers. “We should call the police and leave it
to them.”

“Why? So they can do nothing?” Trent hopped over the counter and
gestured to me to do the same.

I complied but as my feet touched the floor, I felt my balance slip and
would have fallen to the floor had Trent not managed to catch me in
time. When I regained my footing, I realized that my shoes were making a
noise similar to stepping in a rain puddle. 

My gaze shifted to the floor below me. I was stepping in a thick pool of
blood. Dark red smears stained the floor, reflecting like gasoline from
the bright, white lighting overhead. 

Despite the grisly sight, there didn’t appear to be anybody else
around. 

“What the fuck happened here?” 

A thunderous crunching sound answered my question, startling the both of
us. It sounded like someone chomping on concrete.

“Stay quiet.” He whispered, following the crimson streaks across the
floor towards the back. I trailed closely behind.

We peeked our heads around the corner, and discovered the source of all
the noise.

Squatting and tearing into the mutilated corpse of an employee on the
ground like a gluttonous lion was a man. 

Have you ever seen images of what a blood eagle looks like? Imagine
that, but from the front of the body. That’s what I was looking at on
the ground as the man kept consuming every bit of flesh he could get his
hands on. The bloodsoaked clothes hanging from his lanky frame looked
familiar.

That’s when it dawned on me.

It was the guy from the news. 

Jonah’s killer.

I covered my mouth to stifle a scream, and as I did, a metallic thumping
noise could be heard coming from somewhere behind us. Then, a cry for
help.

“IS SOMEONE THERE?! GET ME OUT OF HERE!”

Before I could even blink, the man’s orange eyes had locked onto me. His
skin resembled a cheese pizza if the cheese had been mostly scraped off,
and he reeked like roadkill.

Trent and I bolted back the way we came toward the entrance. My pulse
quickened as my legs carried me with a speed I didn’t know I possessed.
Trent barreled over the counter and floundered to his feet, but before I
could do the same, the man grabbed my ankle and pulled me toward him.
The plastic tubs containing condiments clattered to the ground as my
body was dragged back across the counter. 

I hit the floor hard. The remaining air in my lungs escaped in a ragged
burst as the man dug his knees into my chest and grabbed my throat. I
flailed about, trying desperately to remove his hands and free myself.
He opened his mouth, and I watched as coagulated blood and strips of
skin landed on my face like a rancid rainfall. 

Before he could close the distance and tear into me, Trent vaulted over
the counter, and cracked a plastic tray from the lobby floor over the
man’s head.
His teeth chattered in response to getting clocked, and his grip on my
neck relented as he turned his focus to Trent.

“Run, Tanner!” He cried out, swinging the plastic tray wildly in an
attempt to keep the man at bay. I sat up from the ground and gasped for
air, watching Trent as he backed up towards the fryers. The man rasped
excitedly as he gripped the plastic tray in Trent’s hand and fought for
control of it. 

I had to think fast and do something, but what? 

I noticed the plastic containers resting on the ground next to me.
Treating them like weapons, I picked them up, and charged towards the
man and began raining down the hardest swings my body could muster.

PING. PING. PING.

The man turned slowly, registering my blows as nothing more than an
inconvenience at best. My distraction was enough for Trent to wrap his
arms around the man’s body to try and restrain him. 

“HEH…HEH…HEH…” The man panted as he thrashed around violently. Trent
buckled behind him, struggling to keep his grip.

“I can’t hold on much longer!” He screamed, his arms loosening with
every frantic movement the man made.

The fryers crackled behind me, and that’s when I realized what we needed
to do to get us out of this immensely fucked up situation.  

“Move!” I commanded.

Trent released the man and dove to the ground next to me as I grabbed
the fryer basket with both hands. The metal handle scorched my palms
instantly, but adrenaline bulldozed through the pain.

The man whipped toward me with those glowing orange eyes, and I hurled
the basket upward. A tidal wave of golden grease erupted from the fryer,
and the oil hit him with a wet splash.

His howls of pain sounded like a thousand dying pterodactyls screeching
directly into my skull. The man staggered backwards, his bloody
fingernails clawing vigorously at his blistering, bubbling skin. He
slammed into the stainless steel counter behind him hard enough to dent
it before charging in a blind frenzy toward the drive-thru window. He
crashed through it shoulder-first, causing shards of glass to fly
everywhere.

He hit the pavement hard enough to skid across the parking lot like a
stone skipping across water. The neon lights of The Raveyard burger sign
flickered across his twitching body in pulses of jaundiced yellow.

Trent and I watched him writhe and clutch himself for several moments
before he rose from the ground, and sprinted off into the night on all
fours like a wolf. We just stood there in shock while the music in the
lobby droned on behind us. 

“Dude…what the fuck was that?” I asked, looking at Trent with horror.

“I don’t know, but we need to go. Now.”

“HEY! YOU OUT THERE! HELP ME!” The voice we had heard from the freezer
earlier was calling out again.
I walked toward the freezer, but Trent stuck his arm out to stop me.
“Hell no, we’re not sticking around any longer. Not after that.”

“Someone needs our help. We can’t just leave them here.” 

I opened the freezer door and a cold mist rolled out, revealing a
teenager inside blinking at us like we were a figment of his
imagination. His black work shirt and pants were covered in blood. 

“C-c-c’mon. G-g-go.” He shivered as he walked out, clutching himself for
warmth.

“Is there anybody else here?” I asked, my eyes landing on his nametag
that said: Raimi.

His eyes landed on the various smears and pools of blood around the
restaurant floor. “N-n-not anymore.”

We escorted him out of the restaurant and toward our car. Before we
could even buckle our seatbelts, Trent peeled out of the parking lot and
sped off down the street.

Not a word was said for a while. Music served as our only comfort in the
aftermath until “(Don’t) Fear the Reaper” began to play from the
speakers. Thinking that it wasn’t exactly the most appropriate song for
the situation, Trent flicked the volume dial to zero, and the car
returned to silence.

A few moments later, I decided to ask. “What happened back there?”

Raimi let out a nervous laugh as I glanced at him in the rear view
mirror. “To make a long story short, just another day in customer
service.”

“Sure as shit didn’t look like it.” Trent gripped the steering wheel
tightly. “We’re going back to our place and calling the police.”

And that’s what we did. We returned to our apartment, called the police,
and gave our accounts of what happened that night. When we finished
explaining every last excruciating detail, they took Raimi back home to
his parents. That was a couple of days ago.

Ever since our story was made public, the town has gone on lockdown.
That hasn’t stopped the news reports from downplaying our experience as
a “contained incident”.

They announced that a “thorough” investigation was under way, but The
Raveyard made a statement saying that they were not liable for the
events that transpired in their store. I’m not buying that bullshit for
a second. There’s definitely something fishy going on here.

They haven’t found the guy yet, but it’s only a matter of time before
they do. I hope they bring this madness to an end. I’m tired of being
holed up in this apartment with Trent. I love the man, but sometimes a
guy just needs his space.

If you know anything about what’s going on in Ashhaven, please tell me.
I doubt this will be the last time we hear about Jonah’s killer or The
Raveyard.

And as fucked up as this sounds, I still wonder how those Graveyard
Smashburgers would have tasted that night.
