So I (40M) live with my mom (50F; real mom btw; dad left when I was 30).
That day, I recently wanted to make some alreedo pasta because I read a
really scary story on this subreddit, r/nosleep, about someone’s
roommate getting turned inside out (I really recommend; it was really
scary; I hope the author made it out).

Just then, I opened the fridge, and there it was:

A portal opened up. It was purple and swirling and stuff. And my fridge
was black, like a black painting that was painted even blacker than even
Mikeoveich could do. I had never seen anything as black as this. Close
your eyes. It was darker than that. Now open them and keep reading,
because it’s about to get real. 👀

I tried to close the fridge, but it wouldn’t close for some crazy
reason. I didn’t know what else to do, so I went through.

“Hello? Anybody there?” I said.

“…” said nobody because nobody was there.

All around me I saw red. It was so red, an upside down cross would’ve
fit right there (Playboy Carti fan btw. Couldn’t help myself LOL 😂 ).

It was hotter than hot. Imagine the sun; it was hotter than that. Now
imagine Quaysar. It was still hotter than that. I thought that was weird
because fridges are cold. This place was way weirder than any of the
dimensions my fridge usually takes me to. I was stunned. Straight
goosebumps (from fear, not cold. It was really hot. In fact, it was
extremely hot. It wasn’t even cold at all, like most fridges should be.
Hotter than hot. So in other words, it was pretty hot. Don’t think cold
thoughts anymore as you keep reading. Keep thinking hot thoughts (but
not too hot lmao 😂 ))

I looked deeper. It got hotter. From the depths of the heat, twin towers
rose. They were made of concrete, but red. Redder than red. Think red
thoughts. Almost like…. blood….. Human blood. This scared me. I kept
looking. I saw more things. They were also red.

“Hello? Anybody there?” I said, again.

“…” said nobody because nobody was there… or so I thought.

Just then, I saw it: the creature. It was undescribable. No human words
can do it justice. It was red. It gave off heat.

It whispered my name, but it’s mouth didn’t open. How did it speak? A
chill ran down my spine, even though it was really, really hot. I was
terrified…

I ran out instantly. Before I did though, I asked him “What are you? Why
are you in my fridge? Why me? What did I do to deserve this?”

Then he said something that haunted me to this very day. He told me what
my dad told me before leaving. What he said haunts me.

“I’ll be back soon, son. The fridge needs service”.

I leave, with tears in my eyes. Tears that evaporated instantly from the
heat. I looked at the creature, and in his eyes, I saw my own
reflection. I could have spent eternity in those eyes and still my body
would have begged for more. Those were the eyes that used to read me
every morning and put me to be every night. Blue like the ocean. Could
it be….

I left, afraid to face the truth. Terrified of what I would become if I
stayed longer. I would’ve started listening to it… and who knows what I
would’ve found out. Maybe the fridge really did need service, but I
really, really, really doubt it.

“Mom? Let’s get takeout tonight” I said. “The fridge is broken”. I lied.

I have a feeling somebody may visit us very soon. Someone from our past.
Someone who I had thought I would never, ever, ever, ever see again. I
didn’t say it aloud. I kept this thought to myself. It burned hotter
than the portal was ever hot.

Has anybody seen something like this? Kinda weird imo. I get no sleep
anymore because of this.

Should I explore further? Please let me know.
