We had only been dating for a few months, but when you are twenty-two
and putting yourself out there for the first time, every moment together
feels special.  Haley had this glow about her.  A radiance that drew me
to her like jelly on peanut butter.  I’ve always been a softie by
nature, so it wasn’t difficult for Haley to get her way with me.  She
had a habit of always winning me over on whatever we were going to do
together.

“Wyatt, I want you to come over tonight and build a fort with me,” she
said one evening as I sat on my back porch and watched the sunset.

An odd, childlike request.  I hadn’t built forts since I was ten.  But
the charm in her voice reeled me in.

“You have to come over babe.  It will be so much fun.  You know you want
to snuggle with me under a sheet roof.  Things could get hot and
steamy.”

I looked into the distance and smirked; this woman and her power over
me, unbelievable. 

“I’ll be over in a bit.  Do you need me to bring anything?”

“No, I’ve got everything we need.  You know I’m a hoarder.  Never let go
of anything.”

She was right.  If there was one thing that frustrated the hell out of
me, it was Haley’s inability to get rid of stuff.  I’d been to her
apartment several times, and with each visit, the piles of junk sucked
up more and more of her space.  Vintage lamps, chairs, ottomans, storage
containers.  A little bit of everything occupied her one-bedroom
apartment.

My jaw dropped when Haley opened her door.  Her long blonde hair
cascaded down a red silk dress.

“You look truly stunning.  I mean, I’m at a loss for words.  Just
beautiful babe.”

“Oh Wyatt, you silly goose.  Always putting on the charm.  Let’s build,
let’s build.”

Haley yanked me into the living and gently sat me down on the carpet.

“Stay right here.  I’m going to grab everything we need to start.”

Haley rushed off to grab some dining room chairs, sheets, and pillows.

“Okay, let’s do this.  Can you help me put this sheet on top of the
chairs?”

Together, we placed a giant white sheet over four chairs and secured it
down with pillows.”

“Get inside, get inside,” she said, jumping with joy.

We sat across from each other cross-legged for a minute or two without
speaking a word to each other.  It was magical, but also weird and
unsettling.  Like, why was she so excited to build a fort with me.  It
didn’t make sense.

She slid the shoulder laces of her dress down, revealing her breasts.

“Wow, you weren’t kidding when you said things could get hot and
steamy,” I said, as my lower region started to throb.

“I want you inside of me babe.  Take it off, all of it!” she roared,
which threw me off a bit in a creepy way with the tone of her voice. 

But being twenty-two and horny and a softie, my clothes were off fast
before my brain could process the craziness I was going along with.  As
we both nakedly embraced each other, the temperature beneath the sheets
skyrocketed.  It felt like a sauna.  Sweat poured off my face and onto
hers, making her face look like a pool of rippling water.

“Can I take this sheet off?  It’s boiling in here,” I said, while she
moaned.

I looked up and reached for the sheet, but it had hardened.

“I need you Wyatt!” she screamed.

“What is going on in here?” I said.  “Is this even a sheet?”

I lifted myself off of her and focused on the sheet.

“No, I need you inside of me now,” she yelled.

Haley lifted her head and smiled, as giant wings emerged from the skin
of her arms, flesh shedding to the carpet with a wet plop.

My eyes bulged in fear, as I jumped back, bumping my head into the sheet
which had completely solidified.  I turned around and started crawling
as fast as I could, but the tiny fort we had built, had become a maze of
tunnels.

“I can’t let you leave babe,” I heard in the distance, as I frantically
looked for an exit.

I eventually miraculously found a screen door that I assumed led to her
backyard.  I tore through it and made my way outside, my heart pounding
against my chest.  I hopped over the wooden fence and ran, never looking
back.

I ran for a mile while naked back to my house, grabbed the spare key
under the mat and rushed inside, slamming the door shut.  I never saw
Haley again.  A few days after the incident, authorities stopped by her
place, but she was gone.  Only the junk remained.
