I was in love. I never thought I would settle down with anyone. I
planned to casually date, sleep around, and never commit. But this all
changed when I met Naica, or well, shortly after I met her.

She might have been the dream girl of many, but I was never particularly
into goths, much less the ones claiming to be witches.

But one day, she invited me over to her home, and somehow we hit it off.
I thought about moving on after that date, but something changed. From
that day on, I knew I wanted her to be my wife and future mother of my
children. Children had never been on my plans either.

In less than a week she moved into my place. I saw my figurines go into
a box, which I’m still not sure if they were really put in storage or
thrown away, and her crystals and candles became the main decor. My
fridge now had food, because she loved to make food and sometimes
potions. God, I love watching her go around the kitchen, preparing
dinner while I help clean the dishes. The aroma of the roasted chicken
and vegetables combined with that of the vanilla-scented candles. It was
both nauseating and delicious. 

“I’ve been meaning to ask, what is this soup?” I asked as I took a sip. 

For a moment, I saw anger cross her face. I forgot for a moment that she
hated being questioned about her cooking.

“It’s great! I’m just curious. Sorry if I upset you,” I apologized.

She took a deep breath and her smile was back. It was such a relief.
Guilt had started to take over me, and I knew I would do anything to
make her happy once more.

“It’s ok, sweetie,” She took my hand across the small table, “This is a
soup my mom taught me to make. It’s good for digestion and it’s a
comfort food for me. Besides, you need to start taking care of your gut
health if we want to live a long life together.”

“You’re right honey,” I said as I took another sip,” besides, it’s
delicious!”

I’m not sure why I never asked about the soup before and now I was
curious about its ingredients. It was an almost translucent broth with
no vegetables or meat. But I wasn’t about to ruin her afternoon so
instead we went to our usual routine. 

She put on her favorite show and we cuddled. We made out and well,
things ended in the bedroom. As I went to shower, she headed to the
kitchen to leave the soup boiling overnight. Any time I tried to sneak
on her, she would send me back to the room, so I got back in bed and
waited for her to join. 

The next day, she waved at me goodbye as I headed to work, making sure
to send me a packed lunch.

“I love you! Forever and ever!” Naica yelled from the door as I walked
to the car.

“And I love you forever and more!” I blew a kiss at her. She jokingly
grabbed the kiss and put it in her pocket, something that if anyone else
had done it, I would have found ridiculous. I guess love really does
change you.

Work at the office was slow today and I was starving. So I decided to
take an early lunch. As I was about to put the soup in the microwave,
one of my coworkers slipped and hit me, making me spill all my lunch.

“I’m so sorry!” He looked embarrassed, “I can share my lunch if it
helps.”

“Nah, I’ll go buy something. It’s no big deal,” I reassured him. And
then I thought, when was the last time I had a burger? With that in
mind, I headed to buy myself a large burger, with extra fries and soda.
It tasted like heaven.

All this healthy food Naica was cooking was just not to my liking, I
especially hated asparagus. I just wished she would chill sometimes.
Maybe we did rush into things after all. Maybe-

Why was I thinking like this? I love Naica and she is looking out for
me. But maybe I could talk to her about eating out at least once a week.
Yeah, that’s what I would do. 

I’m not sure why either, but I suddenly started to feel angry. Why was
she throwing out my things? She even got rid of a picture of my mom and
sister saying I didn’t need any other women in my life. What the hell
was wrong with her? 

I took a deep breath and decided I would talk with her after work. Love
did really blind you. 

As I got home, Naica was already setting up the table. One thing she was
right about was that greasy food wasn’t good for my gut. My stomach hurt
and all I could think of was getting to the bathroom, but Naica got in
my way, wanting her usual hug, and I just threw up.

“Shit, I’m so sorry!” I ran to the kitchen to get some napkins, “I ended
up buying lunch because a co-worker of mine-“

When I looked at her, she was kneeling, moving the chunks of food in the
vomit. She picked what I thought might be a half-chewed pickle and put
it in her mouth. Whatever was left in my stomach threatened to make its
way out. But I couldn’t stop watching the grotesque scene in front of me
as she chewed slowly and swallowed. 

“What the hell are you doing?” I managed to ask.

“Go clean yourself up. I got this,” her voice quivered, poorly hiding
her anger.

I had many questions and was angry too, but I had just thrown up on her,
so I just did as told. In the bathroom, I threw up once more as the
image of Naica eating my vomit played on repeat. There was no way I
could stay with her after she did that. The thought of her kissing me
with my vomit in her mouth made me dizzy. I washed my face and sat on
the toilet, taking in some deep breaths. I didn’t want to come out but
at some point we needed to talk.

“Sweetie, sit down,” she smiled at me,” she had removed her clothes,
only leaving an apron and her panties on. If this was meant to turn me
on, it did the opposite.

”I’m going to brush my teeth and then we can have dinner,” she said as
she made her way to the bathroom. I couldn’t help but look as she turned
on a vanilla candle before going into the bathroom. I fucking hated the
smell.

I took a sip of the soup while waiting for her to come back and I was
honestly surprised at how quickly it made my stomach feel at ease. When
I heard her footsteps, I turned to look at her and damn was she
beautiful. She walked towards me and gave me a small peck on the cheek
before sitting down.

“Sweetie, I’ve told you not to eat outside food. See what happens?”
Naica said so sweetly. 

“I’m sorry honey. The food got dropped by a co-worker and I didn’t want
to bother you,” I apologized. All the anger I felt before was completely
gone. Now it all seemed so trivial. How could I ever be angry at her?

“Next time call me and I can bring you food. No more hamburgers, unless
we make them at home. Promise?” Naica extended her pinky finger towards
me.

“I promise,” I agreed as I gave her my pinky. Damn, I love her so much.

But the soup only did so much for my stomach, a few hours later I was
throwing up once more. After the third time of waking Naica up, I made
sure to be quiet as I went to the restroom once more. As I got out, I
had an idea. I could have some more of the soup, hopefully, it would
ease my stomach enough to get some sleep.

I headed to the kitchen and grabbed a bowl to pour myself some soup. The
scent of vanilla still lingered in the kitchen and living room. I swear,
I need to get rid of those candles. 

Then I remembered why I was angry earlier today, where were all my
things? I took a good look around the living room and all the things
that made me were gone. The video game counsels were not by the
television, all my pictures, except one with Naica, were gone, and my
father’s urn was nowhere to be seen. 

“What the fuck?” I whispered to myself. Why was I allowing her to do
this? I made up my mind, she had to leave. No woman was worth losing
myself.

But first, some soup. Maybe now, I would know what the soup was made of.
But as I looked inside the boiling water, there was a single item in it.
I used the spoon to fish out said thing and confirmed my suspicions,
these were the panties Naica had been wearing earlier.

“I told you not to come into the kitchen at night,” Naica looked at me
angrily from the bedroom door.

“What the fuck is this?” I yelled at her.

“A love potion, but also pretty good for your health,” she said
nonchalantly, “I told you I’m a witch.”

“What the hell are you talking about? Why would you be feeding me this?
You are fucking disgusting!” I continued yelling. 

“Sweetie, you were going to leave me that night. I just had to do what I
had to do. And can you tell me you aren’t happy? You now have a girl who
loves you, is willing to take care of all your needs, and will sleep
with you all the time. What else would you want?” she said calmly.

”You’re crazy! You’ve been manipulating me this whole time! Why would
you do this?” I cried. I was so angry but even now, I couldn’t hit a
woman.

Instead of answering, she walked towards me. I flinched as she took the
bowl and spoon from me and poured some of the soup into the bowl before
setting it on the table.

“I’ll admit. I did go a little too far but that’s kind of how my mom
dealt with my father. That man’s eyes had a tendency to wonder. But I’m
willing to compromise. We can bring some of your stuff back and as long
as you behave, know that I will make you the happiest man on Earth. Now,
sit,” she said calmly as she took her chair.

I’m still not sure why, but I did sit. When I looked at the bowl, her
panties were in it too. When I looked up, she was smiling.

“Well, then. Will you eat?’ she continued smiling.

I looked down at the soup once more, grabbed the bowl, and drank it all
in a single gulp. When I looked up, I smiled at the love of my life.

 
