I’ve never been close to my father. This was intentional on my mother’s
part. For as long as I can remember though, he was always off with my
grandfather. My mother purposefully neglected to share anything about
our grandfather, which only caused greater curiousity. I’d never met the
man, but there was a cloud of shame hovering over my mother’s head
whenever he was brought up in conversation. She said that he’d been
isolating himself for quite sometime, though she never new exactly
where.

“Just leave it be. Best to leave sleeping dogs lie.” she’d tell me. “The
bastard would rather help out his daddy, your grandfather, on their
little projects. Hell if I care.”

It was a cold childhood. I still remember when my father left when I was
six years old. I’ve tried looking for answers, but over the decades I’ve
been distracted by school, work, and eventually a family with three
children. Eventually, the man I barely knew to begin with was just a
vague memory. I didn’t think much of my old man until recently when I
received a distrubing report.

Just last week, a group of men dressed in black came to our house. They
sat us down and explained that they’d found my father housed in some
abandoned warehouse out upstate New York. He wasn’t dead, just severely
incapacitated. The officials, who later revealed they were university
personnel out East, provided the document which I will try to outline as
best I can.

***

Lance University Special Report #88-06

Investigative Researcher: Corcoran, K.R.

Department(s): Horticulture, Entomology, Biology

Statement of Inquiry: 
Following his recent visit to the capital to help ease diplomatic
relations with the U.S., Vietnamese Foreign Affairs Minister Nguyễn
anonymously sought out Lance University’s assistance regarding the
research of now controversial biochemical engineering professor R. E.
McCallister. Minister Nguyễn inquires Professor McCallister’s previous
records and research regarding the elusive Vespa mekonia, otherwise
known as the Luoi Wasp. Minister Nguyễn insists on receiving the
research following a recent new wave of Vespa mekonia impacting local
villages in central Vietnam. Minister Nguyễn also acknowledges that the
knowledge of Professor McCallister whereabouts serves as a kind of
remittance for Professor McCallister’s alleged war crimes during his
visit to Vietnam in May 1969. All knowledge of the aforementioned
outbreak is to be kept secret in compliance with Lance University’s
policies towards national security regulations. Per prior arrangements
with Lance University procedural recommendations, both the U.S. and
Vietnamese governments also agree to mutually keep the existence and
incidents relating to McCallister’s research on the Vespa mekonia
strictly confidential.

Recommendation:
Upon research analysis and interviews (refer to ‘SECTION’ list below),
it is Lance University’s official recommendation that any and all
afflicted individuals by the Vespa mekonia are to be administered
topical and internal pyrethrin treatment. Pyrethrin compounds derived
from Tanacetum cinerariifolium (Chrysanthemum flower) will treat early
stage infestation. A new insecticide must be derived from the Tanacetum
biaifolium (TB) (Ap Bia Mountain chrysanthemum) to eliminate late stage
infestation and further spread. C. L. Vischer is assisting in the
development of a new insecticide-based treatment utilizing the
Chrysanthemum, though development is delayed due to the rarity of the
flower. If neither pyrethrin treatments are available, immolation of
afflicted individuals is recommended as a last resort.
 
Investigation Narrative:
Gathering McCallister’s lost research has proven to be difficult given
his disappearance in December of 1970. Professor McCallister was a
staunch anti-commmunist on Lance University campus following his
military tours and subsequent research expeditions into Vietnam. Faculty
on campus often described McCallister as cantankerous, abrasive, yet
brilliant when it came to industrial applications and development of
pesticides for agricultural industries. Despite student protests during
the early stages of the environmentalist movement, Lance University
preserved his tenure until his sudden disappearance in December of 1970.
Professor McCallister’s disappearance coincided with the disappearance
of two students that same year. Any and all research into the Vespa
mekonia disappeared with him. 

Initial police reports suspected foul play, but had no witness testimony
other than his then research assistant Chris Vischer, class of ’73.
Vischer’s testimony at the time was limited, pleading the fifth to all
questioning. Not suspecting foul play, the police dismissed the
situation as a missing person’s case. All attempts to trace the
whereabouts of Professor McCallister and his research have proven
fruitless until this point.

Initial investigations into Professor McCallister’s research on the
Vespa mekonia once again  turned up nothing of note within Lance
University’s archives. The investigation led myself and researchers to
reach out to Chris Vischer. Initial outreach proved unsuccessful
prompting our in-person visit to Vischer’s home just north of Ontario,
Canada. 

Vischer, known locally as a recluse in his community, met my team and I
with hostility. Upon further questioning and sharing the severity of the
Vespa mekonia outbreak, Vischer shared substantial information not only
on McCallister and his research’s whereabouts, but the events leading
towards his unprecedented departure.

Vischer started attending Lance University to study biology in the Fall
of 1969. Proclaiming his morbid interest with the human nervous system,
Vischer details his previous research in biochemistry, toxicology, and
venomics. Despite being considered an ‘average’ student by his
professors and peers, Vischer secured a TA position with Professor
McCallister during his sophomore year. Growing up on a farm, Vischer was
particularly interested in supporting McCallister’s work on developing
new, more efficient pesticides for agriculture. Though Vischer was not
interested in student activism or environmentalism, Vischer clarifies he
did not hold the same anti-communist views as his former mentor.
Vischer’s testimonials are transcribed below.

Under thorough questioning, Vischer revealed both first person accounts
alongside the vast majority of McCallister’s research. This includes
audio recordings from McCallister’s research expeditions into Vietnam
between 1962 to 1969, written journal entries, and photographs from
earlier experiments into the Vespa mekonia’s cross-species social
entomology. For general analysis, please refer to the sections detailing
the discoveries and analysis found from investigating McCallister’s
notes crossreferenced with Lance University archival data.

[SECTION A] Addressing McCallister’s Work & Controversy:
The majority of McCallister’s research while tenured at Lance University
in the mid to late sixties focused towards integrating new natural
chemical compositions to protect and sanitize industrial agriculture.
Herbicides and Insecticides were of special interest to McCallister
following his 1960 dissertation on potential health benefits of juvenile
hormones within the Krobach County community, a document that helped
pave the way for third-generation pesticides to be streamlined for FDA
approval. Much like natural plant extracts, McCallister’s research
suggests that natural insect extracts halted the development of linden
bugs throughout Pennsylvania’s Southwestern region. 

McCallister’s expertise into natural chemical effects towards human
physiology led to his recruitment of the Advanced Research Projects
Agency (ARPA) for the Army Chemical Corps development of Agent Orange.
With McCallister’s expertise and assistance, ARPA was successful in the
development of Agent Orange for its initial use in 1962. McCallister’s
involvement in Agent Orange’s development was only speculative until
McCallister’s 1961 journal and Vischer’s testimonial proved otherwise. 

Despite the university’s claims that McCallister’s involvement in the
Vietnam War was purely for agricultural research, McCallister’s notes
suggest a spirited campaign against communism. Like many scientists in
his age, paranoid fears of communism led to advancements in their
respective fields. To McCallister, herbicides were to not only
strengthen the United State’s health and industrialization, but to
prevent potential contaminations introduced by Soviet and CCP
insurgents.

Transcribed Journal Entry of R. E. McCallister, June 1961: “America’s
fight against the pest is no different from its fight against the
communists. Simply fending off the pests when they sit in our fields is
not enough. Like pests in our fields, we must combat communists in their
home turf. Rooting out the source of America’s greatest threat must
first begin with understanding its enemy.” 

McCallister had a history of advocating for neoconservative policies,
going so far as to protesting against then sitting Wisconsin Senator
Gaylord Nelson. Nelson (1953-63) was one of Congress’ most passionate
environmentalists. During his years in the Senate, Nelson backed civil
rights legislation and voted against appropriating funds for the war in
Vietnam. McCallister actively provided research against Nelson’s
policies, likely because it would hinder access to his own research.

*I break in this report to confer to Minister Nguyễn’s claims that
McCallister’s involvement in chemical warfare was accurate.

McCallister, along with ARPA director L. Harper, advocated that detailed
accounts and research conducted on local flora and insect fauna may lead
to insights into the Vietnamese native’s own physiological strengths and
weaknesses. Understanding what chemical compositions Vietcong forces
consumed and naturally grew accustomed to in their natural environment
may lead to the development of more surgical chemical weapons.
McCallister’s advocacy and research aimed to develop a compound
targeting Vietnamese soldiers without hindering U.S. troops. Though this
research has been proven to be near impossible by today’s standards, and
motivated largely by racism and anti-communist sentiment, the U.S.
agreed to help fund the ‘miracle’ chemical agent in the Summer of 1968. 

McCallister’s first expedition into the region’s foliage and insect
fauna began in 1969, when McCallister worked in conjunction with
Operation Apache Snow. Though this operation sought to disrupt North
Vietnamese Army supply chains moving from Laos, it was a scientific
imperative that McCallister follow successful missions to safely and
securely gather floral and insect specimens for future compound research
and analysis.

On May 10, the Battle of Hamburger Hill was fought, killing 72 U.S.
servicemen and wounding 372. It is estimated that 630 North Vietnamese
insurgents were killed.

The battle itself was one of wanton violence and little strategic value.
‘Hamburger Hill’ was simply a nickname given after the battle. So much
ammunition flew through the air that during charges it was said that it
was like running straight into a meat grinder. Nothing but torn
camouflage and mounds of pulpy bodies were left of the unfortunate sons
of war.

The tragedy of Hamburger Hill was not the loss of life nor its legendary
violence, but its pointlessness. Despite the casualties and alleged
strategic value its location provided for Operation Apache Snow, the
mountain was abandoned by U.S. forces just days after it was won. On
June 5, the U.S. army realized that Hamburger Hill served no true
strategic value to the war effort. 

For 15 days, the U.S. forces stood watch over a small mountain with
allegedly no strategic value. It was in those 15 days that McCallister
went to work. It was where McCallister found what he believed to be the
magnum opus of his years of study and the purpose of this report: Vespa
mekonia.

While Hamburger Hill sold headlines back in the states, its formal name
in Vietnam is Dong Ap Bia. Dong Ap Bia is a remote mountain located just
above the North-South Border, in the Luoi region in central Vietnam.
Though Dong Ap Bia is the name of the mountain in common modern
Vietnamese, McCallister’s research, alongside Professor Lê of Lance
University’s Department of Linguistics, suggests that the native
Montagnard language suggested unusual properties of the mountain. 

To locals in the area, the mountain’s name roughly translates to
‘Mountain of the Crouching Beast’. Yet McCallister and Lê’s linguistic
research into the native Bru peoples who live in the region suggests
alternate translations. According to some locals, the ‘crouching beast’
nomicar comes from the rough term ‘chop trien’. 

There are certain translations from other local tribes that suggest the
term ‘chop’ could be confused with similar sounding words from other
languages, including ‘chope’ which roughly translates to burrow instead
of crouching. The disparity of this translation also comes from the fact
that trien, in this instance, refers to an insect. Specifically, an
insect ‘living in the rot’ though this is believed to reference bugs
living among rotten wood. 

This vague translation was enough for McCallister to convince the
platoon he was stationed with to wait an extra two weeks as he excavated
Hamburger Hill. In those 14 days, McCallister claimed to unearth a new
specimen. Vespa mekonia was discovered June 4, 1969, and was named after
the region it was discovered. Along with Vespa mekonia, McCallister
lists that traces of Tanacetum biaifolium were scattered across
Hamburger Hill and the surrounding region. The destruction caused by the
battle left little traces of the rare chrysanthemum. 

Lance University faculty are actively pursuing measures to restore the
plant, though samples of the plant’s DNA are rare and difficult to
gather in its native geography.

[SECTION B] Addressing Vespa mekonia**:** 
Vespa mekonia, otherwise known as the Luoi Hornet, was discovered on
June 4 by McCallister. Following the Battle of Hamburger Hill,
McCallister brought back over twenty samples, half dead and half
dormant. The first living samples found by McCallister were found
burrowing in corpses of the Viet Kong forces. Though it was the U.S.
Army and McCallister’s curiosity which led to the awakening of the
hornets’ subterranean hive, it is also McCallister’s research that
provides the best chance for a natural remedy.

As McCallister’s studies indicate, the Luoi Hornet is an extremely
vicious species of arthropod, known locally for their aggressive
tendency to incapacitate mammals with venom via various penetrations or
‘stings’ from the hive colony. The name ‘Luoi’ is a reference to the
Luoi district that Hamburger Hill was fought in. It is still unknown how
widespread the species is, but they are speculated by McCallister to be
based primarily in the Mekong region of Vietnam, Cambodia, and Myanmar.

Upon research and testing of the hornet’s natural physiology,
McCallister found that the hornet holds a peculiar habit of forming new
hives and nests within living tissue. While hornets typically form hives
and nests in natural forms (similar to paper nests used by the Asian
Giant Hornet), the Luoi Hornet prefers to utilize a living or recently
deceased host for its nesting. This discovery was made when McCallister
introduced a stray cat into the hornets’ vivarium. After 16 days of
initial contact, the cat died from lack of nourishment after 17 hornets’
nested in its abdomen. According to McCallister, the only thing more
astonishing than the hornets’ brutality was their unique dependency on
keeping the cat alive while making its flesh its new home. Upon death,
the hornets seemed to wander aimlessly again within the vivarium.

McCallister hypothesized that the hornets gained sustenance within the
living host by consuming the fat and muscle, converting the enzymes and
proteins into a form of glucose. This enables the host to survive longer
despite subcutaneous and visceral infestation, as the walls formed by
the hornets’ glucose acts as a type of synthetic flesh and viscera.
While McCallister fails to elaborate on the hornets producing this
unique form of glucose, McCallister presumed that the hornets gain a
majority of the synthetic visceral glucose from the hosts fat reserves
scattered throughout its bodies. For this reason, Luoi Hornet
infestations are prominent within typical ‘fatty’ areas of the human
body. 

What is extraordinary is the hornets’ awareness of the host’s physical
condition. McCallister, upon further testing using two more cats and his
own basset hound, named Molly, gathered that the hornets often avoided
and even protected critical organs, as new synthetic walls from the
hornets’ glucose helped reduce internal bleeding. The extra internal
lining made by the hornets led to additional tissue being formed on
vital organs (hearts, lungs, kidneys, etc.) to preserve the host’s basic
bodily functions. Animal testing suggests organ maintained strained, yet
regular functionality so long as the host receives enough nutrition.
This grotesque fortification of the host’s viscera suggests a morbid
symbiosis between the host and its new residents.

Proliferation of Vespa mekonia appears to occur during late stages of
infestation. Upon lack of proper nutrition from the host body or death
of the host body, the newfound Vespa mekonia hive searches for viable
new hosts.

McCallister documented this phenomenon following the death of Molly.
Among McCallister’s transcriptions, he wrote: “The hornets’ venom is
unique. Unlike other forms of hornet species, Vm hornets differentiate
themselves into two distinct ‘drones’. My hypothesis is that the more
aggressive ‘hive’ drones utilize venom containing a higher level of
vasoactive amines, with lower levels of acetylcholine. This would
explain the elevated levels of dopamine in test subject #2. Meanwhile,
the neurotoxin found from ‘harvester’ drones are constant with insects
in the Mekong region, with traits similar to Triatoma rubrofasciata.
While recording subject #3’s infestation, the hive drones from the
developed colony (following subject #2’s depletion) took down #3 in a
matter of minutes. Though #3 remained alive, the paralytic neurotoxin
enables the smaller harvester drones to begin the burrowing process
without struggle. After approximately 4 hours, the Queen emerged from #2
to lay rest in its newfound home inside the Tabby Cat.”

*Lance University does not condone the use of illegal experimentation of
live animals.

McCallister’s notes seem to end abruptly on June 23, 1970. His final
entry states his concerns over the longevity of the hornets despite the
ample resources available. This date coincides with the local town’s
‘Silent Summer’ legend, where a record number of dog and cat thefts
occurred. No suspect was brought forward by police. 

[SECTION C] Addressing McCallister’s Work Post Discovery:
McCallister returned to work in the Fall of 1970 ahead of the school
year. Despite ample funding from both the government and the Abermar
Fund to continue his research, McCallister resumed his primary
responsibilities as a professor in biochemistry and horticulture. As one
of the premier chemistry programs on the Eastern Seaboard, Lance
University Professors are expected to manage their classes to the best
of their abilities, even under bizarre circumstances. 

Maintenance for Vespa mekonia’s vivarium remained difficult while
balancing these responsibilities. For this reason, C.R. Vischer assumed
the role of Teaching Assistant to support his work both in the classroom
and in the vivarium. 

Vischer recalls to moment it felt having earned the position during my
team’s earlier questioning:

Do you recall the first time meeting Professor McCallister?
“[McCallister] was a great man. Sure, a little conservative, but when
you manifest that much gusto in the classroom, it was hard not to admire
him, even from afar. He says he chose me for my interest specifically in
toxicology. I like to think it was for my green eyes.”

Were others aware of your work with McCallister on Vespa mekonia**?**
“No. Not out of loyalty, mind you. I was afraid. I loved McCallister’s
eagerness and care for the hornet, but any time I got too close or
started asking too many questions, McCallister’s constituents at the fed
would come knocking at my door. They came barging in like I was some
communist spy. Like you’re doing now. The fact you come from my alma
mater makes this worse, to be honest. I don’t want to remember what
that…monster…those things…did to them. Can you please leave?”

Tell us about McCallister’s working environment with Vespa mekonia
“Um, well it is what you’d expect. A big, sterile room with translucent
lighting on the ceiling. It felt more like a children’s classroom than a
lab, to be honest. Aside from the large steel table the vivarium sat in
the center of, furniture was sparse. Just a few desks facing the eastern
wall with McCallister’s notes and recording device. Despite what we were
doing to those poor dogs, working for McCallister was relatively easy.
He kept his notes meticulously organized, along with his journals marked
with a massive ‘M’ on the front. He had a bit of an ego, as I’m sure
you’re aware. You’re the ones who hired him.” 

“The walls were mostly barren, aside from a few pictures from his
travels, and a massive French-made map of the Mekong River Delta. An
antique from the region’s colonial history. McCallister used it mostly
to trace potential locations where the hornets could have been buried. I
remember thinking it was cartoonish. It had an old, 1890’s wavy banner
reading “The Mighty Mekong**”** above the map itself. I once asked about
it. McCallister chuckled and told me that despite its vintage nature it
had surprisingly accurate schematics, all thanks to the French.”

Tell us your experience with the Vespa mekonia
“I rarely got to see one let alone work directly with the hornets’
nesting. I knew how they worked. What they needed to use to survive. I
knew that they preferred American bulldogs over labradors. But let me
tell you. Those things are evil. I know, flesh eating bugs being bad for
humanity? Sounds like a B-horror movie. But they were more than that.”

“On the off chance that McCallister was too busy with a briefing, he’d
relay to me simple instructions in his absence: take care of the
specimens’ habitation, between 10:00PM to 2:00AM Eastern Standard smoke
the hornets specifically with Chrysanthemum extract, and observe for any
unusual behavior. This wasn’t the special [chrysanthemum] he found in
Vietnam, just the regular kind you could find at a sundry store. It
didn’t knock out the hornets, but it did keep them from lunging at me
from behind the glass panes. I hated when they did that. I’m already
jumpy. Scared the hell out of me each time, those fuckers were massive
in adulthood.”

“But that was their typical behavior. I never understood what could be
‘unusual’ for insects that make nests out of living tissue. Even if
there were any, the smoke usually calmed them down, so I mostly just
observed their development within whatever subject they called home.”

“One night, while meeting with his friends up in the high tower, he
instructed me as such. It was late September, I think. I cleaned the
glass panels of the new vivarium. I fed the dog fish and fatty steak, to
assist with the hornets’ infestation process. That specific dog’s name
was Poco, I think. Poco squirmed in that glass cage, whimpering each
time I came in. That was the second hardest part of this job, next to
working in close proximity to the hornets themselves. The only thing
that was out of sorts was the smoking apparatus that we use to calm the
hornets. The pail and the chrysanthemum compound were ready, but the
lighter we used was out of fuel, so I scrambled around looking for a
match, burner, anything that might be able to assist.” 

“It took a while before I could jerryrigged a bunsen burner to light the
wick. About 10:20 at this point. I approached the mound of flesh in the
case that was once, or still was, Poco. Like clockwork, the hornets
lunged out of the dog’s chest cavity right onto the glass. Nothing
unordinary. Only, this time they were especially antsy trying to get to
me. Dozens of these hornets followed in droves, crashing into the glass
like waves on a beach. It was almost hypnotic, if not horrific.” 

“Out of all the animal species that work closely in groups, insects have
a unique closeness to one another. They aren’t motivated by hunger,
fear, or even survival. They just do what is in their nature to thrive,
much more so than humans. All that mattered was the colony’s success. So
imagine my surprise when they tried to communicate.”

*Vischer proceeds to share a picture. A clear glass pane with dark
clouds of hornets pressed against the glass. In the center of the pane
was a grouping of the hornets in the shape of a prominent capital ‘M’.

CONCLUSION:
Despite environmental damage and casualties caused by McCallister’s
work, his research has revealed vital information on combating Vespa
mekonia. University staff is working together with state department
officials and the Centers for Disease Control on producing a new
anti-venom for those affected by early infestation. It is the
recommendation of this researcher to supplant new specimens of Tanacetum
biaifolium as soon as more specimens become readily available. 

Though limited information can be confidently shared on the effects
Vespa mekonia have on the human species, it is believed through word of
mouth among Lance University staff that the two disappearances of
undergraduate students K. Parsley and P. Smith may have something to do
with it. Both were close acquaintances of Vischer. When interrogated,
Vischer shut down communication, pleading the fifth amendment and
Section 113 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Given both
students’ bodies were never recovered, it may be inferred that hornet
infestation will kill a human host if left unchecked.

***

The staff showed me a picture of my father. Mother was right, that it
seemed my grandfather, R. E. McCallister, worked closely with him. A
little too closely.

The images the authorities and university staff showed was the flesh
that remained of my father. Scattered holes pooled across the abdomen of
my late father, insects and hornets crawling out of each minute crevice
of his torso. Puss and viscera pulsated out of the sea of orafices in
his body, like a basted turkey stabbed too many times with a temperature
guage. My father was not just a victim of my grandfather, he was a test
subject.

He’d been missing for over forty years. I don’t know how long this Vespa
mekonia has used him as a host, but for all I care, that’s what he
deserves for leaving us all those years ago.

What caugth me was the notes about the journals. For years, my mom has
help an old notebook with a large ‘M’ imprented on the front. At first I
figured it was some old notebook of hers. Now I fear what it may reveal.
