‚ÄúHey Honey! Your dad and I just made port so I JUST got a signal.
Listen, I know grandpa left you the business in his will but I think we
both know that if he was in his right mind in the end he would have
given it to your father and I, so we need you to be a good boy and just
sign it over to us. Oh! And Dad and I could really use the money he
mistakenly left you, so can you go ahead and wire that to us? Thank you
sweetie. Hope you‚Äôre well. We‚Äôre going to a local beach bar with this
couple from cabin 3. Love you. Miss you.‚Äù

‚ÄãThat‚Äôs what the email that my mother wrote me said. I immediately
deleted it. She‚Äôs out of her mind as usual, Greg too. My grandparents
put everything into this business. Built it from nothing. And they only
want to sell it. For what? To fund some wanderlust swingers cruise or
whatever they‚Äôre doing this time? Yeah right.

‚ÄãAnyway, my name is Josh and I am now the owner and proprietor of Burbeck
Estate Solutions‚Ñ¢. We take care of the estate of the recently departed
as a service to the family.

‚ÄãLike I said, my grandparents built and ran this business together for
over 50 years. And they had me tag along when I was a kid, as they
practically raised me, so I‚Äôve been a part of it my whole life as well.

‚ÄãThey passed a few months back and I dropped everything to fly back home
to be here for the funeral. It was a surprise when I was left pretty
much everything in the will, but I‚Äôve been doing my best to make sure
I‚Äôm taking care of everything like they‚Äôd want me to. Saying goodbye was
rough though. I haven‚Äôt slept well or felt like myself since I got back.
My therapist says I‚Äôm depressed and suggested I start journaling to
process my grief so I figured I‚Äôd start an online journal. Who knows,
maybe things will get crazy and I‚Äôll end up with a friend or two. Plus
my job is kind of unique and I know for a fact that none of you will be
able to find me so I‚Äôll go ahead and spill the beans a little bit on my
line of work.

‚ÄãBasically when someone passes away their family or the estate takes what
they want from their belongings and then we come in and take care of
what‚Äôs left. We sell anything that‚Äôs worth something, get rid of the
junk, and properly process the more‚Ä¶ hazardous materials. Now that
hazardous material could be as simple as used oil or it could be a
puzzlebox that summons beings from another plane that drag you away and
torture you forever. You really just never know what you‚Äôre going to get
into. Welp. Now that that‚Äôs out of the way I‚Äôm gonna try to get some
sleep. Got a new intern starting and I want to make a good impression
this time.

‚Äã1-12 | Monday

‚ÄãMy alarm was set for 5 am so I could get everything ready for my new
intern‚Äôs first day, but I awoke an hour early to the sound of metallic
scraping and someone grunting downstairs in the parking lot. My first
thought was that some junkie was stealing my car. I shot out of my room,
down the stairs and through the storefront to the front doors.

‚ÄãI burst out to the mostly open parking lot and immediately discovered
the source of the noise. In a parking spot right up front was a pair of
legs sticking out from under a minivan that looks like it was made from
other less fortunate minivans.

‚Äã‚ÄúThe hell are you doing under there?‚Äù

‚ÄãThe unmistakable thud of a skull smacking into an undercarriage and
pained groan followed. The thin kid slid out from under on a piece of
cardboard, rubbing his forehead with a pained expression that turned
into a wide dumb grin when he saw me.

‚Äã‚ÄúMr.¬ÝBurbeck! Good morning! I know I‚Äôm a little early but my starter was
going to give out any day now and I didn‚Äôt want to be late so I figured
I‚Äôd just change it here. Besides, the flood lights are great for engine
work.‚Äù

‚ÄãWiping the sleep from my eyes I spotted a dark liquid beginning to pool
from under the car. ‚ÄúStarter huh? Is that what‚Äôs causing you to bleed
your car dry on the pavement?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúAh shit! I‚Äôm sorry sir! I‚Äôll get that cleaned up right away‚Äî‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs your name again?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúT‚Ä¶Toby, sir.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúToby, right. Well as your first task as the Burbeck intern, go into the
storage closet around the corner, grab the cat litter and clean this up.
I can‚Äôt have stains all over the parking lot. When you‚Äôre done, come in
out of the cold.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúRight! Yes sir! Right away sir!‚Äù he stammered as he sprinted off.

‚Äã‚ÄúAnd stop calling me sir,‚Äù I yelled. ‚Äú‚Ä¶I‚Äôm only 24 for Christ sake,‚Äù I
muttered under my breath.

‚ÄãIt wasn‚Äôt 20 minutes later I heard the shop bell ring as he entered,
blowing into his cupped hands. ‚ÄúNice shop you got here siirr‚Ä¶.uh‚Ä¶Josh.‚Äù

‚ÄãHe walked towards the counter taking stock of the unique variety my shop
provides, cramped aisles flowing with stagnant inventory. For the first
time, I really looked at him. He was about 5‚Äô7 160 pounds. He said he
was 18 but he looks 12, messy brown hair poking out from under his dirty
hat and a little mustache that was trying its best on his top lip. He
has old skate shoes, jeans with a hole in the knee and a hoodie with a
picture of 2 guys faces melding together with some script above it.
Maybe it was a metal band or something? I don‚Äôt know.

‚Äã‚ÄúThanks man. My grandparents put a lot of love into it,‚Äù I replied,
handing over a cup of coffee I poured for him. ‚ÄúSo tell me why you
answered the ad. Why do you want to intern for me?‚Äù

‚ÄãHe took an appreciative sip. ‚ÄúWell my dad‚Äôs threatening to kick me out
if I don‚Äôt do something with my life and to be honest, I‚Äôve heard rumors
about the place pretty much all through high school and it sounded like
a cool place to work.‚Äù

‚ÄãI raised an eyebrow. ‚ÄúRumors? About this place? Like what?‚Äù

‚ÄãHe swirled his coffee nervously. ‚ÄúWell I heard that you are a vampire
creature that‚Äôs hoarding evil objects to gain power.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúMe? Why me?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúWell just a guess, it could be the dark circles around your eyes and
nobody really sees you do anything around town, or interact with anyone.
At least that‚Äôs what I heard.‚Äù

‚ÄãI shook my head in disbelief. ‚ÄúWell that‚Äôs the dumbest thing I‚Äôve ever
heard. That‚Äôs not even how vampires work, but okay. Is that it?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúNo.¬ÝThere also some kids who said you might be working for the
government, finding supernatural or extra terrestrial objects for them
to study to create superweapons. And then there‚Äôs‚Ä¶.the gray man.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúThe gray man?‚Äù

‚ÄãToby leaned in close. ‚ÄúPeople say he‚Äôs an extra dimensional or possibly
demonic entity that your grandparents trapped and forced to work for
them. Others think maybe he was haunting them. I‚Äôve even heard that if
you get on his bad side, he‚Äôll come to you in your dreams and torment
you.‚Äù

‚ÄãI rolled my eyes. This kid‚Äôs gonna be a headache. I leaned over the
counter, grabbed the field manual, and shoved it toward him. ‚ÄúHere. This
is a little something I put together to help you get the hang of
everything. It‚Äôs the basic rules and procedures you‚Äôll need to learn.
Look over it when you can, I promise it‚Äôll be easier than learning the
hard way.‚Äù

‚ÄãI looked into the parking lot and saw a familiar utility van pulling in.
‚ÄúOpe. Looks like Viktor‚Äôs here. Come on. I‚Äôll introduce you.‚Äù

‚ÄãI headed to the docking area to open the garage door. Toby leaned in,
whispering. ‚ÄúWait, is that the guy?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúWhat guy?‚Äù I asked as I pulled on the chain to raise the door.

‚Äã‚ÄúIs that the gray man that‚Äôs all over the forums?‚Äù

‚ÄãI let go of the chain and faced Toby, pinching the bridge of my nose.
‚ÄúLook kid. Don‚Äôt go around calling him the gray man. His name‚Äôs Viktor
and he‚Äôs been working here longer than I‚Äôve been alive.‚Äù

‚ÄãI looked over at an old picture hanging by the bay door my grandparents
took when they bought the building 50 years back and sure enough, there
was Viktor looking exactly the same as I‚Äôve always known him to look.
The van pulled around outside and I started considering how little I
actually knew about him. I‚Äôve never heard him speak a single word. He‚Äôs
grunted though. I‚Äôm pretty sure he‚Äôs got a Russian accent‚ÄîI‚Äôve only ever
heard him grunt but he definitely grunts in a Russian accent.

‚Äã‚ÄúHe‚Äôs a good guy, a hard worker and he knows this job inside and out.
I‚Äôve never seen him hurt anyone, but I still wouldn‚Äôt push it.‚Äù

‚ÄãToby was listening intently when suddenly his eyes went wide and he lost
all color. I turned around to find Viktor approaching. His grayish
complexion, bald head and blue jumpsuit are a staple of this business.

‚Äã‚ÄúMorning Viktor.‚Äù I turned to the kid. ‚ÄùToby, this is Viktor.‚Äù

‚ÄãViktor grunted and Toby sheepishly waved.

‚Äã‚ÄúNow help Viktor load up. We‚Äôre leaving in 5. I‚Äôm going to get the
paperwork and we‚Äôll hit the road.‚Äù

‚ÄãToby looked at me and Viktor nervously before obliging and heading to
the boxes without fully turning his back to the man. I went to the
office and printed the three jobs, grabbed my smokes and keys, and ran
back downstairs.

Viktor was checking the seal of our lead lined box with his thumb,
checking for any cracks. When he was satisfied he moved onto his axe,
running the same thumb down its edge to check for sharpness. He looked
like he hadn‚Äôt even looked at Toby since I left, but Toby had clearly
not taken his eyes off of Viktor. I admit I found it funny.

‚ÄãViktor loaded the last of his equipment and Toby and I headed to my car
and set off for our first job. On the way there, Toby decided to get to
the bottom of some pressing issues.

‚Äã‚ÄúThat‚Äôs totally him. Oh my god that‚Äôs so cool. Did you hear the way he
grunted? Is he a ghost? Or a zombie? Or is he a vampire?‚Äù He looked at
me with wide eyes like he‚Äôd just solved some great mystery. ‚ÄúIs that why
you know how vampires work?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúOkay kid, rule number 1: this is a job. Not an adventure. We‚Äôre here to
get work done, not unravel some internet conspiracy. Now if you can‚Äôt
handle that, I need you to tell me now before we both end up wasting our
time. Are you good with rule 1?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúYes sir. I‚Äôm sorry. I‚Äôm just really excited.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúWell that‚Äôs okay, we just need a base level of professionalism, deal?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúDeal!‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúGood, so here is the quick and dirty of the job. When we get to there
we sort all of the belongings into one of three colors. Green, red and
black. We have rolls of stickers that correspond. The green stickers go
on valuables that we can sell, red goes on junk and black‚Ä¶.well we
probably won‚Äôt need them on the first house, so we‚Äôll get into that
later.‚Äù

‚ÄãWe pulled onto the street and Toby‚Äôs eyes lit up. ‚ÄúJosh! Look at the
size of these houses!‚Äù He was glued to the windows like a kid seeing
Christmas lights for the first time.

‚Äã‚ÄúWe call them mini mansions. They‚Äôll lose their allure after a while.
You‚Äôll see.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúAre you kidding me? Look at these things! ‚Ä¶what do you think they put
in all those rooms?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know. They‚Äôre pretty cleaned out by the time we

usually get to them.‚Äù

‚ÄãI parked the car in front of the house as Viktor pulled the van into the
driveway with the shredder in tow. It was a nice two story 6 bed 3 ¬Ω
bath with a well manicured lawn and hedgerow. The sun was warming up the
chilly morning air as we stepped out.

‚Äã‚ÄúGrab those rolls and follow me.‚Äù

‚ÄãDay light illuminated the dusty interior of the foyer. Stairs to the
left and right led to the second floor and between the two was an
archway leading to the rest of the house. I showed Toby the basics of
judging red objects from green and let him loose.

‚Äã‚ÄúIf you‚Äôre unsure of anything, leave it blank. I‚Äôd make my final sweep
through and tag any critical or static class items appropriately.‚Äù

‚ÄãHe was acting like everything had a spirit attached to it or had some
chilling history behind it. I could hear him narrating his own little
discovery show to himself. Unfortunately his excitement left him after
the third time I had to point out the Homegoods price tag on the back of
an ‚Äúantique Victorian oil painting‚Äù.

‚ÄãThe whole house only took us about 2 hours. Viktor was his usual
inhumanly efficient self, dragging a sofa behind him while shouldering a
replica suit of armor. This seemed to throw Toby off. He probably
thought I was pulling his leg about how strong Viktor is. We finished up
with a nice washer and dryer and an antique shoe shining kit.

‚ÄãWe got into the car and I asked Toby what he thought so far. He shrugged
his shoulders while looking out the window. ‚ÄúIt seems like we‚Äôre just
moving old stuff out of people‚Äôs houses. It‚Äôs not exactly what I was
expecting.‚Äù

‚ÄãI chuckled. ‚ÄúYeah. That‚Äôs about the long and short of it really. There
IS more to it than that, but in the mean time,‚Äù I put the rulebook in
his lap, ‚Äúyou should thumb through this. You‚Äôll thank me when it saves
you from going blind or dying.‚Äù

‚ÄãHe gave me a look like he didn‚Äôt believe me but half heartedly opened it
and started skimming. We drove across town to the country, down a dirt
road to an old farm house. A lot like the one my grandparents had but
less maintained. Chipped paint and such. We got out and the sky had gone
overcast.

‚Äã‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs with that tree?‚Äù Toby asked, stretching his back.

‚Äã‚ÄúWhat tree?‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúRight there. Its got black leaves.‚Äù

‚ÄãI looked in the direction he was pointing. It was a tree in the back
yard of the house, poking over the roof. ‚ÄúNah, that‚Äôs not leaves. It‚Äôs
birds. Probably crows.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúWhat? No way. That‚Äôd have to be like hundreds of crows.‚Äù

‚ÄãI squinted to get a better look. ‚ÄúYeah, probably hundreds.‚Äù

‚ÄãThe sound of the van pulling behind was our cue. Toby grabbed the
stickers and we started making our way through the yard towards the
house. We got about halfway there when the crows in the back yard
started leaving their perch and flying overhead.

‚Äã‚ÄúThis is getting spooky Josh.‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúNow don‚Äôt get too excited. Remember what the handbook said and don‚Äôt
touch anything that looks out of place. Or anything that looks too
mundane.‚Äù

‚ÄãWe breached the front door, sealed with wood and nails, with Viktor‚Äôs
help. This house was a stark contrast to the last. It looked almost
untouched. The air was thick with a mildewy funk. The front door opened
to the living room, beyond that was a small kitchen and a dining room
table, and to the other side was a hallway that led to closed doorways.
It looked like the house was placed in a murky pond for a while and then
put back and just left here.

‚ÄãWe turned on some headlamps and I pulled Toby aside. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm gonna have you
start stickering on your own again. You start in here, I‚Äôll head to the
back of the house and we can meet in the middle. Not gonna lie, probably
not a lot of green stickers on here, but its a paying job so we‚Äôll be as
thorough as every other house.‚Äù

‚ÄãHe nodded and we went our separate ways. I went to the back room and
opened the door to the master bedroom. A king sized bed with slashes and
blood soaked into it, a dresser and nightstands with melted candles, wax
dripped into the rug. The TV seemed fine though. The dressers only had
clothes and a..personal massager.

There was a vase that might be worth something. The dagger looked
genuine, but you could see the seams from the machine pressing on the
hilt and ‚Äúmade in china‚Äù on the blade. My attention went back to the
blue and white vase. I was trying to figure out what about it had me
questioning its worth when a scream snapped me from my train of thought.

‚Äã‚ÄúJOSH!‚Äù

‚Äã‚ÄúOH GOD HELP!‚Äù

‚ÄãI followed the screaming with my arms around the vase. I turned the
corner to see what the commotion was about. The temperature dropped 20
degrees instantly. Toby was on his back, heels digging into the carpet
as he was trying to scramble away from the entity that was crawling its
way out of an open jewelry box towards him. It looked like the burnt top
of a girl around 9 years old. The body was translucent and transformed
at the hips to wisps that connected it to the music box and if I looked
at her I could hear a loud ringing in my head. The box was playing some
dissonant version of whatever song it originally played and the
ballerina was spinning in front of the open lid.

‚ÄãI walked over and closed it with my foot, and turned to look at Toby as
the ghost retreated to the box and the temperature returned to normal.

‚ÄãRubbing my temples I turned to him. ‚ÄúYou alright?‚Äù He was shocked white.
I figured the creepy stories and conspiracy forums would have prepared
him somewhat but he was 10 seconds shy of pissing himself and I honestly
couldn‚Äôt blame him. He was still looking at the box.

‚Äã‚ÄúHey man up here. You okay?‚Äù He looked at me with his mouth open but no
words came out. ‚ÄúThis is why we read the rulebook.‚Äù ‚ÄúI think I‚Äôm going
to be sick,‚Äù he finally muttered. ‚ÄúTell you what, go help Viktor outside
with the shredder and I‚Äôll wrap up in here.‚Äù He stood up and bolted
outside like he thought the roof was going to cave in. It must have
really shaken him if hanging out with Viktor is preferable. Clearing the
rest of the house was a breeze, despite the stale mildewy air. I had
gotten word that they were gonna level the place anyway so there was no
need to clean out.

‚ÄãToby still hadn‚Äôt said much when we were all packed in. He was looking
out his windows when I got into the car. ‚ÄúYou okay kid?‚Äù I asked
checking my email for the next address. ‚ÄúYeah. I‚Äôm okay.‚Äù He murmured in
a downcast tone. ‚ÄúYou sure? You could talk to me about what happened
there. A class 1 haunting isn‚Äôt usually dangerous but it can be jarring
your first time.‚Äù I replied.

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs not that. I mean it is. Kinda.‚Äù He turned to face me. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve been
learning and reading about this stuff since I was a kid. People have
always called me a freak but I didn‚Äôt care because I knew it was my
calling. Catching ghosts and solving paranormal mysteries has been my
dream, but when I saw that thing I turned into a ‚Ä¶.‚Äù He turned around.
‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know. I froze and you just dealt with it like it was nothing
and now I feel like I wasted all that time.‚Äù

‚ÄãI was taken aback by this. I think this is the first real thing I‚Äôve
heard this kid say and it was like this was my first time seeing the
real him. ‚ÄúLook Toby. It doesn‚Äôt happen overnight, and I hate to sound
like a broken record, but if you study that rulebook like your life
depends on it, you‚Äôll be able to deal with way worse stuff than that in
no time.‚Äù

He looked back at me horrified. ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs worse than that? How? She
didn‚Äôt have eyes!..she told me things about me that she couldn‚Äôt have
known!‚Äù I didn‚Äôt hear any of that but it clearly had telepathic
abilities. ‚ÄúOh yeah! There‚Äôs plenty worse. There‚Äôs things that can swap
its soul for yours, trapping you in like a teddy bear or something. Uhhh
let‚Äôs see‚Ä¶there‚Äôs genies, those are real. But you HAVE to make the three
wishes and they always backfire in the worst ways possible. Oh! There
was a painting that was actually a gateway to a hellish other dimension.
Or maybe the..‚Äù I was cut short by his horrified expression that told me
I‚Äôd said too much. I cleared my throat and looked back at my phone.

‚Äã‚ÄúSorry.‚Äù

‚ÄãHe quietly turned his attention out his window as a new email hit my
inbox with the familiar missing sender that read ‚Äúforensic cleaners
still working the next location. Job pushed till tomorrow. Pickup push
to tonight.‚Äù I sighed. I hated when they moved pickup dates.

‚Äã‚ÄúGood news Toby. The next job has been pushed till tomorrow, so we‚Äôre
done for today.‚Äù He stayed silent as I started the car and headed back
to the store with Viktor not far behind. The drive back was quiet. If I
could turn the radio on I would but the interference from the black
label items makes it pointless.

‚ÄãWe pulled into the parking lot. ‚ÄúYou coming back tomorrow?‚Äù I figured it
was easier getting right to the point. He pulled the rulebook onto his
lap and muttered a ‚Äúyeah‚Äù before sliding out of the car and to his van.
Within a minute he had cranked the car and left the parking lot just as
Viktor was pulling in.

‚ÄãI opened the store and met him at the docking bay with the lead lined
box in tow. We made short work of categorizing, sorting and labeling all
of our green label items and he put them on the sales floor.

‚Äã‚ÄúYou think he‚Äôs coming back?‚Äù I was pricing the TV we brought back and
Viktor gave me no response as usual. That was the moment when I realized
I kind of liked having someone around to talk to. Viktor listens, sure,
but having someone actually respond to what I was saying was something I
didn‚Äôt realize I had missed having around. I don‚Äôt even remember the
last time I had an actual conversation with another person. ‚ÄúI hope he
comes back. He did pretty good considering.‚Äù

‚ÄãWe wrapped at about 9:00 and the pickup wasn‚Äôt until midnight. ‚ÄúI‚Äôll be
upstairs, just ring when they get here,‚Äù I hollered to Viktor, receiving
a grunt in return. After a few hours of bookkeeping I had neglected
lately, I heard the buzzer go off.

‚ÄãThey were almost here.

‚ÄãI closed my laptop, took a deep breath and prepared myself before
heading downstairs to meet Viktor who was waiting for me by the heavy
warehouse door.

‚ÄãI remember the first time I saw it after my grandparents had it put in.
All the numbers and the scanners. The sheer weight of it alone let me
know it was keeping some very important stuff behind it. Now I just find
the whole thing annoying to deal with. The weekly ritual of putting my
code in on the keypad, scanning my thumb, and then Viktor doing his
retinal scan has become more of a chore than it should. But we do it
like we do every week and after a moment the locks open in quick
succession and Viktor finally opens the heavy door.

‚ÄãThe dark quiet warehouse came to life when we stepped in and the motion
sensors kicked the bright lights on. There were rows of wooden crates
stacked at least 15 feet tall making a checker board lattice pattern of
the warehouse and safety lockboxes lining the walls. Our footsteps
echoed throughout the room while we made our way towards the back. We
reached the rear of the room where there was only smooth glossy concrete
and a heavy lead chest that Viktor had placed there for convenience.
There was a yellow line between us and the box that only Viktor is
allowed to cross and ONLY to deposit the items into the box.

‚Äã‚ÄúGo ahead and put today‚Äôs stuff in before they get here,‚Äù I told him. He
took a small metal box he was carrying and placed it on the ground next
to the chest. He knelt down and opened both the box and chest with ease
and transferred the music box we procured earlier before closing both
and walking back to stand at my flank.

‚ÄãNot a moment had passed before the roll-up garage door hissed open. A
familiar black armored truck drove in, pivoted, and then backed up to
where we were standing. The back doors opened, letting out fog and the
hiss of a broken seal.

‚ÄãTwo armored guards with automatic rifles slung across their backs
stepped out first, moving with mechanical precision to flank the truck
doors. Then, a third figure climbed down. He wasn‚Äôt a soldier; he was
wearing a sterilized white lab suit that looked out of place against the
greasy warehouse floor. He looked terrified, his eyes darting around the
shadows of the crates, his hands shaking as he gripped a high-tech
scanner. One of the guards gave him a rough shove toward the lead chest,
and the man stumbled forward, sheepish and pale.

‚ÄãThe scientist hovered nearby, holding his scanner over the open chest
like he was afraid something was going to jump out and grab him. He
started scanning the items as Viktor transferred them one by one. First
was the music box, then a doll, an antique revolver, and a hand mirror.

‚ÄãLastly, and most painfully, was an N64 cartridge of The Legend of Zelda:
Majora‚Äôs Mask. I remember playing my older brother‚Äôs copy when we were
kids. We played a lot when he got sick. It seemed to be the only time he
was happy, showing me some new secret or something. I‚Äôd inherited it
after he passed, but somewhere through the years it was either stolen or
lost. This was the first copy I‚Äôd seen since, and of course, it had to
be possessed.

‚ÄãThe scientist‚Äôs device chirped as he scanned the cartridge, and he
scrambled to get it into their high-tech containment box, which was
covered in lights and digital gauges.

‚Äã‚ÄúPackages secure. Prep for evac,‚Äù a guard barked, his voice distorted by
his face mask.

‚ÄãThe scientist didn‚Äôt wait. He practically ran back into the fog-filled
truck with the containment box. The guards followed, their rifles never
wavering, and slammed the doors shut. The garage door rolled up on its
own, the truck pulled out, and the warehouse went back to being just a
cold, quiet room full of crates. We stood there in the silence for a
long moment, the only sound the distant hum of the motion sensors and
the ticking of the cooling truck exhaust that had lingered in the air. I
let out a long, heavy breath I hadn‚Äôt even realized I was holding.

We started walking back towards the shop. ‚ÄúOh! We‚Äôre starting a little
late tomorrow. I have to try to get some sleep so be here at eight
instead.‚Äù

‚ÄãViktor grunted in agreement as he walked out the door. I‚Äôm in bed now,
and I hope I can get some sleep. The shop is locked up, and I guess I‚Äôll
see if Toby comes back tomorrow. I hope so.
