My family owns a cabin on a large lake in Northern Ontario. My great
grandfather built it sometime in the 1940s although you would never know
it’s that old with all the renovations that it’s had over the years.
Officially it belongs to my parents now but as they’re getting older and
don’t get up there as much anymore it’s primarily me and my girlfriend
Sarah or my brother and his family that use it. The peace and quiet up
there is so nice especially compared to back home in Barrie where it’s
nothing but traffic noise. There are other cabins on the lake so there
is the occasional noise from some boat traffic or the rich folks at the
end of the point coming in and out on their float plane but most of the
time it’s serene. On our most recent visit we had been up there for two
weeks and my brother had left with his wife and kids a few days before
Sarah and I planned to leave so we were looking forward to some time to
ourselves. The forest however had other plans.

On the night my brother left I was awoken around 1am by a flickering
light coming in the bedroom window. In my groggy state I didn’t process
it initially I just remember looking at the clock then back to the
window and being confused as to why it was so bright outside. Suddenly I
snapped wide awake when I realized the light coming through the window
was bright orange and there was a distinct smell of smoke in the air. I
rolled over and shook Sarah awake and the two of us began to get
dressed. As a family we had always prepared for a wildfire and there had
been small ones in the past but never close enough to actually see the
flames. This time however when we left the bedroom and entered the
kitchen you could see the entire other side of our little inlet was on
fire through the large glass windows that looked out over the lake.
There were trees collapsing into the flames everywhere and buildings
that had been burned back to the studs but somehow still standing like
flaming skeletons in the dark.

We grabbed whatever important things we could and threw them in a large
dufflebag which then got hastily tossed in the back seat of my truck. As
we sped down the long dirt road leading back to the highway it seemed
like we were the stragglers. By the lack of cars at the other cabins it
seemed like everyone else had gotten the hell out of dodge already. We
were almost on the home stretch, climbing up the big hill before the
valley with the highway on the other side. When we got to the top of the
hill I heard Sarah scream, not out of fear but more out of frustration.
I brought the truck to a stop and surveyed the scene ahead of us. I
could see the lights of the highway on the other side of the valley and
the flashing lights of emergency vehicles blocking the exit for the road
we were currently on. In between us and them however was a raging
inferno. The entire valley was on fire. “What do we do now?” Sarah said
looking at me wide eyed. There was only one road in and out of that part
of the lake so we were trapped. “We head back to the cabin,” I said
faking some confidence, “start the pumps and soak everything and try to
wait it out, if shit really hits the fan then there’s always the boat.”

The smoke had gotten much thicker on the way back so we had to drive
much more slowly down the narrow dirt road. We were about halfway back
to the cabin when Sarah said “what’s that?!” and pointed up the road
ahead of us. I slowed the truck even more and through the smoke could
just make out what she was talking about. Up ahead there was what looked
like a deer, but much too large standing at about 7 or 8 feet high, just
calmly walking up the road as if it wasn’t the middle of the apocalypse.
Its movements seemed almost robotic as it walked along with its head
moving side to side as if it was looking for something. As we got closer
I began to grow skeptical that this was a deer. It did walk on four legs
but the front of its body looked almost human like with a torso raising
its horned head far above where a normal deer’s head would be and it
appeared to have arms coming out of where the shoulders would be. The
best way I can describe it is like a centaur but made out of a deer
instead of a horse but still retaining the deer’s head rather than a
human one although instead of antlers it had what looked like goat
horns. “I don’t know, but I don’t like it,” I said to Sarah and brought
the truck to complete stop. The creature seemed to hear the the crunch
of gravel as the truck halted and turned to face us. Its head tilted
like a confused puppy while its glowing white eyes stared at us. Sarah
screamed again this time out of genuine fear and I slammed the truck
into drive and sped past the creature as quickly as possible. We passed
so closely to it I looked it dead in the eyes out the passenger side
window as I swerved around it.

When we could no longer see the creature in the rear-view mirror Sarah
spoke up again. “Was that thing holding…” but I cut her off. “A fucking
chainsaw, you saw it too?” “So clearly I could see the Stihl emblem on
it when we drove past, that’s definitely a chainsaw” she said. “Since
when do Wendigos carry around chainsaws?” I said almost laughing at the
absurdity of what we had just seen. “I guess they need to cut firewood
too I don’t know, but we need to get back to the cabin” she said
sounding shaken.

When we got back to the cabin we quickly got to work setting up the fire
pumps. My dad had been a firefighter in a chemical plant down in Sarnia
and he had the foresight to buy a couple of Honda gas powered pumps so
we could use the water from the lake for firefighting in a situation
just like this. The wind was picking up now and the smoke was getting so
bad that we had to use wet rags as makeshift gas masks. Side note for
all you Americans that were complaining a few weeks ago about the smoke
from the Canadian wildfires blowing down there. Fuck you, you have no
idea what it was like actually being in it. Anyways, we got the pumps
going and soaked down the cabin and the surrounding trees in hopes of
suppressing the fire if it came near. We also got the boat ready in case
all else failed we could head across the lake into town or worst case
scenario if the whole shore was on fire, drop anchor and take shelter in
the little cuddy cabin up front until the fire burned out. Once we had
finished outside we ran back to the cabin and began stuffing wet towels
under the doors to try and keep any more smoke from coming in. For a
while there we were so busy that we almost forgot about the weird
chainsaw wielding creature on the road.

By this point the power had gone out so Sarah and I got out some battery
powered lanterns, lighting candles felt slightly inappropriate in this
situation, and curled up together on the couch. We held each other close
as we watched the flames on the other side of the lake continue to
destroy everything in their path. Most of the structures we had seen
earlier had by this point collapsed and most of the smaller trees were
gone completely. Thus far our side of the lake hadn’t caught fire but we
both knew with the wind direction it would eventually work its way
around the end of the inlet and come for us. We just hoped that the
authorities had gotten it under control by then. So far we hadn’t seen
or heard any planes or helicopters overhead but we figured they had to
be coming.

We had almost fallen asleep in each others arms when we both jumped at a
sound from outside. It was the side steps that led up to the deck
creaking louder than they normally did as if an immense weight was
pressing down on them. The sound came again, and again, something heavy
was climbing those stairs and whatever it was would be in view of the
large glass windows we were sitting across from as soon as it reached
the top. We both got up and moved into the kitchen and ducked down
behind the island. Suddenly the memory of that creature we encountered
on the road came flooding back and looking at Sarah she was thinking the
same thing. “It’s probably just a bear trying to get away from the fire”
I said not believing it for a second. I was immediately proven wrong as
the black shape of that creature came in to view at the top of the
steps. It moved slowly and methodically as its glowing white eyes
scanned back and forth across the windows. It was still holding the
chainsaw from earlier sideways across its lower abdomen and the end of
the chainsaw bar occasionally tapped the glass as it walked along the
deck. “Do you think it sees us?” Sarah whispered. I didn’t answer I just
made a shushing motion with my fingers as its head turned back towards
us. It walked over to the sliding door and turned to face directly into
the cabin. From that angle, with the fire raging across the lake in the
background, that thing looked like the Devil himself with its long goat
horns silhouetted against the orange night sky. It tried tapping on the
door a few more times with the end of the chainsaw. It seemed to
recognize what a door was but if that was the case why didn’t it just
put the chainsaw down and open the door with its hands?

Either way Sarah and I decided we needed to get out of there. The fire
was now the least of our concerns. There was some otherworldly creature
wandering around our cabin trying to get in and if it figured out how to
use that saw I was sure it could be through the walls in no time. We
snuck out of the kitchen and headed towards the back of the cabin. My
grandfather had an old shotgun that he had left up here a long time ago.
I had no idea if it still worked as none of us had ever used it in
recent memory but now it seemed like something that might come in handy
as we made our way to the boat. I only found one box of shells but
figured that would be enough. Figuring that we hadn’t heard the creature
come down off the deck it must still be there we began making our way
quietly to the front door of the cabin. I opened the door cautiously as
there were no windows to see out of on this side of the cabin. The coast
seemed clear so I motioned for Sarah to follow me. There was a trail
that led from the driveway on that side of the cabin down to the water.
If we took that we should be able to get down to the shore without the
creature seeing us until we were on the dock. We had left the keys in
the boat so all we had to do was get away from the dock and we’d be home
free. I handed Sarah my pocket knife. “In case you have to cut the dock
lines” I said when she looked at me confused.

We were about halfway down the trail when Sarah tapped me on the
shoulder and pointed back towards the cabin. She didn’t need to say
anything I got the message loud and clear. The creature was gone from
the deck and we couldn’t see it anywhere. I felt the hairs on the back
of my neck standing up as I turned back around raising the shotgun in
front of us. We came around the last turn and I could see the boat ahead
at the end of the trail. Suddenly a black shape walked out of the bush
and blocked our path and we were met with tow large glowing white eyes
as the creature began walking towards us. I think that was the scariest
part. This thing didn’t seem to be in any kind of hurry it just slowly
walked towards us as if it was so confident it would get us that it knew
it could take its sweet time. I raised the gun and fired a shot and hit
it right in the head. Sparks flew everywhere as the metal pellets
bounced harmlessly off its skin. It did seem to stumble for a second but
then it kept coming but now it was shaking its head side to side as if
to say “you shouldn’t have done that.” I paid no attention and just kept
firing until I hit it square in the chest and managed to knock it over.
It fell on its side and its legs started thrashing around faster than I
thought possible with what I had seen so far. “RUN!” I yelled to Sarah
and we both took off past it running as fast as we could towards the
boat.

I jumped straight from the dock over the side of the boat and landed in
a heap just behind the drivers seat. Sarah went straight to untying the
boat as I tried to pull myself up and fumbled with the keys to start the
engine. It was probably working as it normally did but in that moment
the old Yamaha 115 felt like it cranked over for an eternity before it
finally fired up. By this point Sarah had the bowline off and was
working on the stern when she noticed something I hadn’t. “That thing’s
getting back up!” She yelled and I looked up towards the trail. The
creature was pulling itself back up on its four legs and it began
walking down the end of the dock towards us. I fired another shot at it
this time hitting it broadside and sending it tumbling off the side of
the dock and into the water in another shower of sparks. Sarah gave up
on untying the knot and pulled out my knife, cut the rope and gave the
boat a big shove away from the dock as she jumped in. Once we were
facing away from shore I punched it out into the lake only looking back
once to see the creature slowly climbing out of the water near the end
of the dock, its glowing white eyes turning to stare at us as we drove
away.

We made it to town on the other side of the lake but found it to also be
engulfed in flames so we opted for plan B. In the middle of the biggest
part of the lake there’s a small island with a cove that has a sandy
beach in it. It would shelter us if a storm came up and it was far
enough a way from shore that the fire wouldn’t be able to reach it. We
tucked the boat in there and dropped anchor and waited for help to
arrive. Thankfully we had thought to throw some food in the boat when we
were preparing it because were out there for two days before we heard
the first sign of any firefighting aircraft overhead. The following
morning after that a large red Zodiac boat from the local fire
department pulled up in the cove. “You folks alright!” Yelled one of the
men on the boat as they approached us. “We are now!” I replied overjoyed
to see them. “You got enough fuel to get to Mac’s Marina?” they asked.
“We got the fire on that side of the lake put out you’ll be able to get
to shore safely there.” “Yeah we got a mostly full tank still, thank you
we’ll head over there” I replied back. They told me to let anyone else
we found on the lake know as well and they headed off to keep looking
for more survivors. “Should we have warned them about the creature? It
might still be out there” Sarah wondered aloud but I said no as they
probably wouldn’t have believed us.

The scene at Mac’s Marina was complete chaos. I’d seen that place busy
on a long weekend but nothing like what lay before us as we pulled in.
It seemed like every boat on the lake was there and they were all rafted
off one another as they’d run out of dock space a long time ago. We tied
up next to a pontoon boat and upon reaching shore were quickly ushered
on to a school bus which took us away to a large arena in a nearby town
that had been made into a makeshift evacuation centre. Once we checked
in we charged our phones and called our families. Sarah’s parents drove
all the way up from Ottawa to come get us and brought us home. We didn’t
speak a word of what we had experienced to anyone the whole time. We
didn’t think anyone would believe us. I went back up a week or two later
to retrieve the boat from Mac’s and get my truck from the cabin once the
road had reopened. The fire had spread to our side of the lake but
thanks to a fire break they had managed to cut it hadn’t reached our
cluster of cabins. After that we went back to our lives and tried to
push the whole thing out of our minds.

That is until today.

You see today, August 1st 2026, something came across my Instagram feed
that nearly made me drop my phone in disbelief. Right there on my for
you page plain as day was that demonic creature Sarah and I ran from
that night. Except as it turns out, it’s not a creature at all. It’s an
advanced prototype firefighting robot being developed by a company in
California that apparently has a sick sense of humour building it to
look like that. Its centaur like design enables it to traverse rough
terrain but also be able to hold tools like a human depending on the
task at hand. It can be equipped with drills, hammers, screwdrivers and
yes, a chainsaw. Why they had to make the head look like some kind of
demon spawn I have no idea but I did find out that the glowing white
eyes are cameras for the human operator to be able to see what the robot
sees as it’s remote controlled and not run by AI. This thing is going a
bit viral on the internet right now so if you haven’t seen it yet you
likely will soon. Or just Google search “centaur robot” and you’ll find
it but do so at your own risk cause honestly seeing this thing in more
detail is not comforting. Somehow it looks even creepier in the daylight
than it did partially obscured in the smokey night that night and the
image of it still haunts my dreams. Even though logically I know that
thing was just a human likely using it to search cabins for survivors
and I probably startled the hell out of them by firing buckshot rounds
at them the whole experience still gives me the creeps. If more of these
things get deployed into disaster areas I’m not sure it’ll help the
situation. I know certainly the last thing I wanted to see when trapped
by a wildfire was some demonic hell spawn coming for me.
