My friend Josh invited me to his friend’s graduation party this year. He
did so with the sole intention of getting me shitfaced drunk as my,
“passage into manhood”. It took a great deal of convincing on his part,
but I did end up caving to his peer pressure. I didn’t know his friends
all that well, but he assured me a bunch of people from our school would
be there.

So, on the night of graduation, we went to his friend’s cabin; hidden
deep in Pennsylvanian wilderness. There was about six people there, far
from the hundreds that Josh described. Three girls, three boys, all who
I didn’t recognize.

By the time we arrived, most everyone else was already drunk save for
one girl who I assumed was the other girl’s designated driver. Josh
wasted no time joining them. I did my best to keep up, but the host’s
warm Coors Banquet tasted like unfiltered piss. I managed to force down
five of them before they ran out and I unsurprisingly, ended up sober.

As the night dragged on, the girls eventually headed home, leaving just
the four of us. Before long, the alcohol started catching up to the
others. One after another they slumped onto the porch, throwing up over
the railing and clutching their stomachs. I did the best I could to
comfort them and eventually helped each of them back inside the cabin.
As I tucked Josh into bed he wrapped me in a sloppy drunken hug, telling
me he loved me like a brother and lamenting of my soberness.

I assured him to the best of my abilities and stepped outside, sitting
alone on the porch. A small lantern cast just enough light to illuminate
the surrounding forest. Even though the woods made me uneasy, I found it
to be peaceful. The only sounds were the soft chirping of grasshoppers
and the wind gently passing through the trees. I had been scrolling
through my phone when I heard the back door creak open, followed by the
crunch of footsteps in the grass. Assuming one of the drunkards had fled
the nest, I got up to make sure whoever it was, didn’t hurt themselves.

Using my phone’s flashlight, I rounded the corner of the cabin.

Through the trees, I could just barely make out a figure.

It was Josh.

I walked toward him slowly, trying not to startle him. When I finally
reached him, I gently placed a hand on his shoulder.

He spun around.

His arms hung limply at his sides, swaying slightly. His eyes were wide,
unblinking. He stared through me with such intensity that I took a step
back. Trying to break the silence, I forced an awkward smile.

“We should probably head back,” I said. “I don’t want you getting lost
out here.” He barely seemed to hear me. He turned back around.

“He doesn’t want us here.”

“What?”

Without taking his eyes off the darkness beyond the trees, he slowly
raised his arm and pointed.

“Him.”

I followed his finger into the darkness. Slowly, I lifted my phone’s
flashlight. The beam barely reached the tree line before it caught
something. A pair of legs. Just for a split second. Before I could raise
the light any higher, a deafening ringing exploded in my ears. My vision
blurred, and my head pounded as though someone had struck me. Instinct
took over. I grabbed Josh by the arm and dragged him back toward the
cabin as fast as I could. Behind us came the unmistakable sound of heavy
footsteps crushing twigs and dead leaves.

I threw Josh through the back door before slamming it shut behind us.

I locked it.

Then I waited.

I sat there for the rest of the night, listening to every creak of the
cabin and every gust of wind outside, too afraid to even look through
the windows.

I barely breathed all night until sunrise where I finally nodded off.

As everyone slowly woke up, nursing their hangovers, I looked around.
Josh wasn’t there. In my short search I had found him where he’d been
originally, tucked into bed.

Once Josh was coherent enough to leave, we said our goodbyes and headed
home.

On the drive back, I finally asked him.

“You remember what happened last night?”

He looked at me with a confused expression.

“What are you talking about?”

“You walked into the woods…”

He furrowed his brows as he shook his head.

“I never left the bedroom.”
