It started with that whole classic yet kind of annoying Snapchat
notification sound. This was odd because I was pulling an all nighter
and staying up all night and it was 1 AM in the damn morning, so who the
hell could this be? I didn’t send anyone snaps, I said goodnight to my
love a couple hours ago, or so I thought.” I mumbled in my head. Feeling
the vibration from my pocket, I take my phone out and check to see who
it’s from.

From your love The notification read. I have her name edited on snap to
say “my love” instead of her name, I know very romantic of me! “Oh, I
wonder if she got one of those nightmares she tells me about, those
reoccurring nightmares. Maybe she woke up because of fear and can’t go
to sleep.” The nightmares in particular, from what she tells me, always
start off in a different setting, such as the ocean, city, woods, etc.,
but it always ends in the same way, a person (probably a man, from what
she tells me) wearing a bloody pigs mask, runs up on her and begins to
stab her to death, than she wakes up in fear. Thinking that

But when I opened the snap, I just a picture of her ceiling. It was that
old and annoying ceiling picture. It was her ceiling though, because of
the existence of the stickers of Jupiter and a blood moon. There was no
caption on the picture anywhere to be found however. The type of snap
that everyone sends once in a while, for my users of Snapchat, you would
know. However this one… was strange!

This is because my wife has never sent such a plain picture. Keep in my
mind that this was a random snap from her and I thought that she had
been asleep for hours, and if she did wake up from another one of those
terrible nightmares, than surely she would have told me by typing it out
in the captions, but I never know with her, she is sometimes very hard
to read.

Responding back, I send a selfie with the caption that said, “You ok
babe? U have another one of those nightmares again?” I saw the text was
delivered and saw my girlfriend sitting in the chat with me, the icon
where the users bitmoji pops up on the screen indicating that they are
in the chat with you.

Then it said “opened.”

A couple seconds later, another snap from her.

Opening it I again just saw a ceiling pic with no caption, no text,
nothing.

“Baby, are you playing tricks on me hahaha. Because if you are, you
aren’t gonna fool me 😈. LOL. I love you so much 💗, you should try and
get some rest again. Ok? I will in a little bit, just gonna finish
watching this movie 🎥.” I texted back in the chat, this time not in a
snap form, just in a plain old text form.

Then almost instantly I saw her open it and within the span of about
only 3 seconds send another snap.

A picture of a knife sitting on a table. A very sharp, razored, knife.
Again, NO CAPTION!

This was very weird behaviour for my girlfriend to do.

“What the fuck is she doing? It’s not even Halloween yet and she’s
acting like this? Maybe she just got very scared from the nightmare or
is just still trying to prank me.”

Sending a snap back with the caption reading, “ok babe, why you acting
so weird tho?💀 You fr are freaking me out hon. If something is wrong,
PLEASE TELL ME AND I WILL BE HERE FIRST YOU! Ok?”

opened

Another snap from her.

But this time it was a screenshot. It was a screenshot of a picture of
me and her. But it was edited. On the edit, my eyes were all bloody and
red and it looked like I had a bullet hole on the top of my head and for
her…NOTHING.

“What the fuck! Seriously, WHAT THE FUCK IS SHE DOING?! This prank is
getting too far.” I said out loud.

“Baby what the actual fuck are you doing.” I texted back.

At that moment however of pressing send. My doorbell went off.

Ding, Dong. DING, DONG.

“Babe?” I texted. “Are you at my door?”

message read

But no response.

The only response was.

*KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK!!!!!!”

Three very loud knocks. It startled me I got to say!

“Baby, please just tell me what is going on. You are actually scaring
me!” Again:

*KNOCK,KNOCK,KNOCK!!!!!” Than silence. Complete silence. A silence so
eerie that I could hear my own thoughts.

Then I heard the notification from snap go off on my phone.

Instantly opening it I saw…

A selfie from my girlfriend. Looking prettier than ever. It also
included captions as well. The snap read, “Honey. I just had one of
those nightmares again. Hru doing? How is your all nighter going?”

Obviously confused by this I snap back.

“What’s going on? Why didn’t you respond to my other snaps I sent you
and why are you acting all normal now like nothing even happened?!”

“What the hell are you talking about babe.” She texted back. “I just
woke up literally 5 minutes ago. Is this how I get comforted by having
an awful nightmare?”

“You know what I’m fucking talkin about! Don’t play stupid! You’re just
trying to make me think that I’m going crazy and losing my mind.” I said
out loud in annoyance.

Right when I was venting in rage. She texted me again saying, “Btw, I
think a package arrived at your house. If you could please get it for me
that would be great. Love you! Thanks baby, you so cute!“

“What the fuck are you talking about!? Why the fuck would you order a
package to be sent to my house when you gag your own house?” I responded
back.

Texting back she said…

“Because I wanted to give you a little surprise on how amazing and
important you are to me and on how special you make me feel. Just please
get it and open it for me, please. I’ll do anything for you baby. If you
open the package, I will do anything, anything.“

Responding back I said,

“Ugh, ok fine. But it better not be apart of your little prank you have
been doing to me this whole time.”

“Oh it’s gonna be way better than that. JUST… Watch!” She responded
back.

I opened my front door and picked up the package. Setting it on my table
and getting a knife to cut it up.

Opening it I saw something horrifying.

It was the head of a FUCKING HEAD! All bloody. Dripping down everywhere.
And… THE SAME FUCKING KNIFE IN THAT ONE SNAP SHE SENT ME!!!!!

But than…

I remembered something randomly.

MY GIRLFRIEND HAS BEEN FUCKING DEAD FOR 5 years now! She died in a car
accident back in 2019!

“I forgot I have FUCKING SCHIZOPHRENIA!” I said out loud screaming in
agony and rage while crying at the same time.

“So was this all a terrible hallucination?” I cried out in pain wailing
loudly!

“But how can I not remember that she is dead. I have been aware of them
being hallucinations before. How wasn’t I able to figure that out in
this case?!”

But then I heard the door in which I got the package open up and slam
shut.

Then heavy footsteps approaching me.

It was my fucking girlfriend but she had a smile that was demonic. A
SMILE THAT NOT EVEN ANY SNAPCHAT FILTER COULD RECREATE FOR BEING SO
SCARY!

A FUCKING SMILE THAT WILL FOREVER HAUNT ME IN MY SLEEP!!!!!!!!
