It was raining the night my grandfather came back. A month earlier he
had returned from the war overseas. A week earlier he had been in a
fight outside the local bar and hadn’t left the house since. He had
confined himself to his room only leaving for meals he struggled to
swallow down. Growing more pale as each day passed. Three days later my
grandfather was found dead. He had taken his own life.

The church wouldn’t consecrate his body. Saying he had denied gods gift
of life. My grandmother didn’t have the heart to bury him in pieces like
she was otherwise supposed too. Convinced by a mundane life until now
that the stories warning against improper handling of the dead were
simply that, stories. Fiction.

Her sons made a coffin of soft cedar wood and they buried him in the
garden. She had dug the grave herself. Refusing help from her sons until
it came time to lower his coffin into the earth and encase it in the
ground. Three days afterwards there was a great storm. When she went to
check on her husband the next morning she fell to her knees. Crying out
in a mix of shock and anguish.

She had taken to picking flowers in the woods to set by his grave. The
storm had blown them all away. That was not what caused her pain. It was
the empty hole in the earth with dirt piled up on either side that stood
where my grandfather’s grave had the evening prior.

Walking closer she peered down the tunnel dug out of the earth. She saw
a coffin empty except for the dirty water and mud that had flooded in
after it was opened from the inside. Pulling the coffin lid out of the
earth revealed deep gouges on the back side of it and splintered planks
along the edge. Later that day, once her children had helped haul the
coffin out and clean the inside of mud, they saw similar deep, frantic
scratches made into the wood.

When this came to light my grandmother revealed there was a note lying
beside my grandfather when she found him. In his handwriting it read,

“To My Love,

I am sorry to leave you again so soon after returning home. The urge is
too strong for me to fight any longer. Forgive me. We shall see one
another again in the next life.

I love you.”

When first she read this letter she believed the horrors of war he had
spoken of only to her had driven him to take his own life.

When live stock began going missing in the surrounding area she began to
doubt herself. After men in the village began disappearing her
suspicions grew. Knowing what she saw in the woods I suspect she already
knew what affliction her husband now suffered.

In time she would become convinced the stories she had heard throughout
her life were more than fiction. Warning that dark spirits sought forms
to inhabit on earth. Recently departed souls left their bodies
undefended from evil influence. The church would normally offer gods
protection. Consecrating the body to be buried on blessed grounds for
good measure.

Those corpses who were denied the church’s blessing must not be left
intact. Severing the head and limbs is essential to not leave a viable
host body for dark spirits. Those brought back this way would resemble
the dead in appearance alone. Although still continuing to decay. The
spirits having reanimated the body but somehow failing to restore life.
Having to consume the vitality from the living in order to reverse their
own decay. Drinking their blood and consuming their flesh in a grotesque
fashion to sustain themselves.

There are many names for these beasts. Even more tales of similar
creatures climbing through windows and stalking through the woodlands.
I’m not thoroughly convinced they are all one in the same, however my
grandmother believed she knew what her husband had become.

She had told me only once, in a hushed corner by the fireplace late one
evening. The smell of incense heavy in the warm air. It was only a few
days before her passing. I hesitate to repeat it even in writing but
suffice to say she believed it to be true.

So convinced was she that thick brambles with sharp thorns were affixed
to every window frame. Seeds were scattered daily on both the front and
back porch. Every meal she made was seasoned with garlic, salt and
plenty other pungent herbs and spices meant to ward against evil or
purify the body and mind. These too were hung in bags from every entry
way and various other symbols for protection and purity covered the
walls, floors and ceilings.

I had asked her the reason for her many habits and decoration choices.
She happily but seriously explained the nature behind each ward and
defense she employed.

When I was younger and bored of hearing about evil spirits and the
church, I would instead ask about my grandfather. He died before I was
born. Never having met him I often asked questions and she would tell me
of their youth spent together.

One night I asked her if she wished she saw my grandfather again. She
told me she had. Only once more and for a brief moment. They didn’t have
the chance to say a word but from the glance they shared she found the
answer she sought.

It was in the days after he had risen and disappeared from his grave.
Before even the first of the livestock had gone missing. She had found
every excuse to search the woods for him. Staying until the last rays of
the sun had faded and her body grew too tired to continue on. Late one
evening she found a set of large foot prints leading further into the
wilderness and decided to follow by torch light.

Her sons protested when she returned home to retrieve a torch and fire
starter. Despite their insistence she was more stubborn than they were
and refused to be stopped. One of her sons agreed to accompany her. This
man would grow up to be my father and pass down the same superstitions
his parents had instilled in him that night.

Following the trail they walked for about an hour. Finding nothing they
decided to head back when it began to rain. They hastened their pace.
Attempting to shield their torch against the ever increasing falling
water drops that threatened to leave them in darkness. Rounding a bend
in the forest path they almost collided with a figure ahead of them.
Coming to a sliding stop in the dirt growing ever muddier their torch
illuminated a man ahead of them. All three of them recognised one
another.

My grandmother stopped the story here to show me a photo. It was a black
and white photo of a man in uniform. Even with the grainy quality it was
clear he had sharp features and piercing eyes. Even in a photo his gaze
felt intense and focused. He had a slightly crooked nose and bushy eye
brows like my father and myself. The man shown in the photo was of
course my grandfather.

The man standing before them was dressed in dirty rags. Stained with
dirt and whatever else they barely clung to his frame. He was covered in
mud but his skin appeared in good health, although very pale, and his
hair was well kept. In his hands he held a rodent tightly in both hands
close to his face. There was blood dripping from his lips. His eyes were
the same as the man in the photo. There was a great pain behind them.

Nobody knew how long they spent staring at one another. His expression
softened for a moment upon seeing them both. He looked from my
grandmother to one of his sons. My grandmother opened her mouth to say
something and her voice caught in her throat. My grandfather appeared to
do the same. His expression contorted into a horrified and pained look.
He disappeared before their eyes.

The rodents corpse hung in the air for a moment longer before it was
dropped to the earth. The only other evidence that what they had seen
was real was a set of footprints leading off the side of the trail from
where the man had stood moments prior. They both stood there until the
rain had washed them away completely.

The rain extinguished their torch fire after awhile but luckily they
were in view of the fires roaring inside the larger estates on the edge
of town. Having staff able to tend to fires and keep them burning
overnight to warm the homes.

It was late and with the rain nobody was on the streets. The only lights
were coming from inside peoples homes, seeping under doorways and
through window shutters. They made it home that night without any other
incident. They never told the others what they had seen, not sure at the
time if what they had seen was an apparition or if they had truly seen a
man back from the dead.

The next day I asked my father about this night and he told me it was
true. He told me afterwards they expanded her garden to contain garlic
and other herbs for protection. Following her into the forest and
carrying the baskets to be filled with bulbs and seeds they collected.
More importantly he told me something else about that night. On their
walk home he swore he heard a third set of footsteps on the cobbled path
behind them. Yet whenever he would turn around there was nobody he could
see.

In the weeks following, while livestock and villagers went missing, many
reported seeing strange animals around town. Walking with strange,
jerking motions only remaining in one area a short while before seeming
to vanish. Deer, wolves and cattle were the most often spotted.

Later people would tell of abnormally large birds with strange eyes that
would follow them around the village. Watching from the roofs of homes
or hiding in the branches of trees. A large number of these reports come
from my family.

Overtime these sightings grew fewer and further between. By the time
other villages began having similar incidents in the years following
they were in much lesser volume and never became an issue aware to those
outside of individual communities.

While at first many condemned my family, the most outspoken at the
church claiming us to be cursed by the devil and haunted by demons. Over
time it was noticed that while those in my family would often be
watched, none so far had been taken in the night like others in the
village.

Notably a group of three wealthier members of the community had taken to
preaching inside of local bars. They had often given my family trouble
due to my grandfather’s mixed heritage. Over the coming weeks they would
take to preaching on the street outside the bars late into the evening.
They denied claims of spirits watching over and protecting those in the
village.

In better times people’s faith in the church would’ve held fast but with
recent disappearances and uncertainty rising in the population they
needed hope. People were afraid and began to see these strange animals
as kind spirits that offered protection to those they watch over.

The church claimed these beliefs sacrilegious however peoples faith in
the church was dwindling. My grandfather was far from the first body
refused from the church’s grounds. In truth the many dead from the war
had left local churches overwhelmed in their duties. Regardless, with
the growing number of disappearances people needed an extraordinary
belief to bring them hope.

This lasted so far as until someone saw my grandfather. Late one night
the three wealthy preachers stumbled hier way through the village to
their estates further on the edge of town. Passing through a thin
section of trees bordering the village they supposedly stumbled upon a
man who at first seemed sick.

He was pale and his clothes were so tattered he wore only loose threads
over his mud covered frame. He lunged at the men and sharp fingernails
had dug deep gouges into one of the man’s arms. He claimed the touch of
his attacker was ice cold. After attempting to attack the three men and
being fended off by their greater numbers he simply vanished into the
air in front of them.

All three of the men remembered the face of my grandfather. From the
next day onwards they preached that my family had brought him back from
the dead to torment the village. Claiming us to be witches that
practiced necromancy and black magic. Pointing to my grandmothers
growing obsession with runes and occult protection charms.

It wasn’t long before my family was forced to flee and never return to
our home. It seems reports of strange animals followed my family across
villages and country boarders as they fled on foot through the
woodlands. Any village they attempted to settle at began experiencing
similar sightings and soon the newcomers would be chased out.

My family found themselves chased to the shores of their homeland and
found a ship to take them overseas where nobody knew of their supposed
curse. After selling what little possessions they had left to afford
passage, and a few weeks travel later, they arrived in a new land. It
seemed whatever had been with them all this time was finally behind
them.

For years this has held true. Having stories that even in my youth I had
only half believed to be true as my guide. I had done research into
things I remembered my grandmother saying throughout her life. After
recent things I’ve experienced and seen I’m starting to believe they
were more than stories as well.

I learned much of the stories I was told had been based in fact. Having
read some disturbing accounts of what people supposedly saw in the
woodlands surrounding their homes in the past eighty years.

There are foxes in my neighbourhood. Normally this would be of little
concern however in recent months they have been running onto the street
in front of cars.

An abnormally large fox has run in front of me every night the past
month. This foxes coat was a muted orange like the colour was slowly
draining away. Its eyes didn’t reflect the light of my cars headlights
like normal animals would. It walks out into the road and sits there,
tracking me with its head and eyes as I slowly drive around it. Even
taking a different route it seems to find me.

More strange is the past week a large crow has taken to sitting by my
window and cawing late into the night. I find it outside in the morning
to wake me at sunrise also. It seems everywhere I have been I am
followed by flocks of crow. There is always one larger than the rest.
Its beak pointed in my direction at all times.

I had stayed late at the library one night and once again as I
approached my home a large fox ran into the middle of the road. I
stopped my car. Watching the animal illuminated in my headlights. I
reached for my phone. Looking down at my bag before glancing up and
intending to take a picture. The fox was gone.

I continued home slowly as I searched the street for any sign of the
animal and saw nothing further. A few minutes after I got inside I heard
the flapping of the crows wings and it landed on a branch just outside
my window ledge. I waited for its familiar caw but tonight it was
silent. I opened the curtains and saw in the darkness that the bird was
already facing my direction. Its eyes were misshapen and its gaze felt
oddly focused as it followed me walking from one side of my room to the
other. I drew the curtains shut and went to bed. The next morning I was
woken by the loud cawing of a crow outside my window as usual.

I had spent a few months heavily researching a number of topics and so
when I was invited on a night out I accepted. Deciding that my recent
odd experiences were simply a sign I was overworking myself and needed
to relax.

The whole night I felt like I was being watched. I tried to focus on
conversation and catching up with my friends but my mind would wander as
I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. I would glance
around at the faces of strangers sitting at the bar with suspicion.

At first he wasn’t looking at me. Or he had looked away before I had
noticed. Even from the side I thought he looked familiar. Throughout the
night I kept glancing at the same man who never seemed to move from his
spot at the very end of the bar. There was a half empty glass in front
of him that I never saw him take a drink from.

It wasn’t until we made eye contact that I recognised him. Later in the
evening he noticed me staring and met my narrowed gaze. I noticed his
sharp jaw and bushy eyebrows and my mind was cast back to a photo I had
seen a hundred times throughout my life. My eyes widened in recognition
and he seemed to notice my change in expression. He stood up quickly and
left.

I followed not three seconds behind him and barged out onto an empty
street. The door not even having enough time to swing fully shut behind
him. Despite this I couldn’t see him anywhere. I looked down the street
to my right and then to an alleyway on my left. I peered into the dark.
I called out.

“Why are you following me, grandfather?.”

There was no reply. The only sounds were the distant car horns and I
could hear a crow cawing slowly growing fainter as it flew away.

I went home shortly after. I passed out and woke up late the next
morning with a splitting headache. It took me until the afternoon to
notice I didn’t hear any crows outside. I was driving home from work
tonight and as usual a fox ran in front of my car but continued on to
the other side of the road and into the bush. It was a normal fox as far
as I could tell.

When I got home I stood in the dark of my room and listened outside my
window for the sound of flapping wings. They never came. I don’t think
he is coming back.
