My father bought my entire family’s cemetery plots all at once; he never
explained why, or even how. We’d never been rich, and a purchase like
that certainly isn’t cheap, but he did it.

Well, I’d say all of us at once, but that didn’t include me; that’s how
I know I was an accident. I was the fourth child of my family, born five
years after my older sister, and, maybe not wanting me to be left out,
for reasons I cannot comprehend and with money I did not know we had, my
father bought my cemetery plot.

Though, as I said, I am five years younger than my closest sibling, and
that plot wasn’t bought until I was older, so the time difference was
over ten years, and none next to the family were available.

I can’t complain, though; the plot my father bought for me sat at the
top of a middling hill in the cemetery, a beautiful view of those
sprawling granite blocks and effigies as they collect themselves at the
edges with the sky behind them, under a mulberry tree that fruits every
summer.

I’m not much for plant science, but I’ve been made aware that the type
of mulberry tree planted next to my grave is a long-lived one, some
reaching over five hundred years.

Can you imagine that? Being buried next to something that is older than
you, and will remain older than you until you can be no older, then
continue even farther.

Most people have to search for dread; it is an emotion not easily found
by accident; one has to think to have dread, and so most manifestations
are purposeful, not for me though. Since I’ve been able to name the
concept, I’ve felt a dreading contempt for that Mulberry Tree

I like to visit it sometimes, my plot; it is an area filled with nothing
but the promise of death at some point in the future. Many can die in
ten years, so the area surrounding my family’s resting place has filled
in quite nicely, but mine is fresh, so fresh that nothing but that damn
Tree sits adorning it.

There is a bench, not on the hill per se, somewhat near it, undercutting
it. I think it is a part of a larger complex for a much richer family
than mine, but I’ve never paid any attention to any grave in that place,
but my own, and that bench allows me time to sit and look, think, think
of my life.

I’m usually alone; not many people visit cemeteries in the early
afternoon, even less in a part where no graves are, so I just sit alone,
sometimes eating, sometimes reading or listening to music, all the while
staring at the empty plot, and the shade cast over it by that levitical
Tree.

I am usually alone; that was until my last visit, when I saw a man
standing, leaning against the Mulberry Tree, staring absent-mindedly at
the bench where I normally placed myself.

He was a strange-looking man; his features were gaunt in most places,
his skin and bone seemed to be his body’s only composition, and that
skin stretched so thinly over that bone that I couldn’t tell if that
pink-ish off-white hue to his manner was sunning from the bright day or
the color of his skeleton leaking through the cover.

He wore black, so much it was difficult to disfigure the different
pieces of clothing, from what my eyes could focus enough to ascertain I
believe he was wearing a black sports-jacket buttoned to just belonw his
sternum, a black dress-shirt with just enough texture to barely separate
it from the jacket, slacks that extended out from under the coat,
unwrinkled and uncreased, and a pair of laceless, matt black ballroom
shoes, any further details were lost in the ensemble.

He stood there, unblinking, unbreathing, unmoving, staring at that
bench; his eyes, light with either age or a sort of malnutrition, were
not easily followed, but his posturing gave me that sense of what he had
his gaze fixed upon.

I peered at the bench, seeing if anything was out of sorts enough to
cause such a focused gaze, only for my line of sight to return to him,
while I blinked; as I opened my eyes, they met his.

His irises were milky white, yes, but his pupils were black, black like
the rest of him, infinite in some way that consumed me. I almost felt
the ground fall beneath me as I looked into them; I’m not sure I’ve felt
anything else like that as long as I’ve been alive.

“Do you feel your recent dreams may relate to the sense of separation
from the rest of your family?” he said, sitting confidently in his
comfortable-looking chair, notes in hand as I attempted to spurtter
something out.

“W-what?” I asked dumbly; the moment I was lost in was most certainly
not this one.

“Well, being the only family member separated like that, especially
something as final as a grave, as well as some of the other incidents
you’ve spoken about in previous sessions, it’s natural, dare I say
understandable, to feel a sense of… isolation that may lead to dreams
like these,” he adjusted his glasses halfway through his small speech.

“Right, yes, my dreams, I guess that makes sense.” I rubbed the back of
my neck uncomfortably, a gesture I’m sure he understood even if it was
unconscious on my part.

“Well, our time is almost up. I’ll do a little more research, and next
week we can go further into the meaning of these dreams,” he checked his
phone next to him; there wasn’t a clock in the room, but I felt inclined
to trust him.

“That sounds great.” I started to rise, wiping off fake dust as a way to
occupy my hands.

“Michael?” he tilted his head and widened his eyes. “Are you doing
alright? You’ve seemed distracted our last few sessions.”

“Yeah, uh, you’re probably right. Sorry, with the redundancy I’ve been
scattered a lot, looking for some work, you know,” my patting became
more aggressive as I lied.

“Well, if you can, make sure to take care of yourself, write down any
other dreams you have for next week, and remember the three Ts.” he
pointed at me the same way an elementary school teacher would to get an
answer from his class.

“Think, Thought, Think, I know.” The phrase never stopped confusing me,
but the repetition sealed it into my memory to the point where,
understood or not, I wouldn’t forget it.

I’m not sure if it was a dream or not; the vision of the dark-dressed
man standing where my grave was going to be in due time, after his eyes
spiked into mine I was home, I don’t have a memory of how I got there,
but it’s also not blank, I knew time had passed, I had something of a
feint memory of a memory of the journey, but to my own perceptions I had
simply skipped and ended up home, worn out as if the day had happened,
not in a place one would expect of waking from a dream.

That’s happened a few times in my life; I would wake up minutes to hours
after something, with memories of how I got there but not having
experienced them, at least consciously.

I can’t tell if I was lying to my doctor or myself when I said I knew it
was a dream; I think I was hoping it was, but those other events were
real; they surely happened. They were concrete and verifiable; my
grandmother’s death was one; I remember being by her side, the beeping
entering and bouncing around my head as her heart-rate monitor made its
annoyingly consistent reports and statements; then I was sitting outside
the room, my mother was crying, I remember her dying, but not being
there.

I remember sticking my hand into a boiling pot; well, I remember being
about to stick my hand in a boiling pot, then being in the hospital
getting my arm wrapped and treated. I remember the pain but not doing
it, watching as if outside my body; I even forget my motive.

Now this man in black, I remember seeing him, then him seeing me, then
being home, a vague memory of simply turning around, getting on the bus,
and going home; I do not remember arriving, and it does not feel like I
lived those moments, only watched them until I was allowed back into my
own life.

Sitting back in my apartment, having returned a few hours before from my
therapy session, I found myself unnerved by the shadows. It’s not that
they were new, or moving, or changed in any substantial way. I’m not
sure how else to describe it, but I feel like they’re there, like
they’ve always been there.

I don’t think I’ve ever actually looked into a shadow before, not
expecting to see anything, not trying to parse it out as an inconvenient
block in my view, but genuinely looked into one as if it were the object
itself; it unnerves me as, I’m unsure how or why, I think it is looking
at me as well, with that same curiosity.

Though I can only feel the burn in its eyes while I sit, curious about
that.

I’d not returned to the cemetery in some time, for some reason as I put
the thought of it being a dream in my own mind, that encounter had been
a fictive image of my own imagining and the belief of safety washed over
me, I had yet any craving to return to the place, I think I feared that
man in black, somewhere in my mind at least, and I did not know how to
cope if it were to occur again, if I could not write it off, how would I
justify that foolishness to myself, so I stayed away.

“Have you had any more dreams since last week?” his face was open and
curious.

“Yeah, I think so, yes,” I scratched my face as some dull ache formed
deep in my mandible.

“Would you like to share them Michael?” he sat straighter than before as
a look of inquisitive confidence stained him.

“I don’t remember them,” I replied, not meeting his gaze.

“Don’t remember them?” he questioned.

“Yeah,” I answered bluntly.

“How do you know if you dreamt anything if you don’t remember them?” he
lay back in his chair; I understood he was likely to make some kind of
moment out of this.

“I remember having them; I just don’t remember them. I remember the time
passing while I slept; that usually only happens when I dream. When I
don’t, I just close my eyes and open them to the morning,” I looked into
his eyes as I spoke, trying to string my words along as best I could.

“Interesting.” he was jotting something down.

His scribbling created something of a lull in the conversation that my
fast-moving mind couldn’t accept; my eyes darted to occupy myself, and I
began to speak my mind for only a moment as my vision met an ashtray on
the table between us.

“Why do people do that?” I asked the question with no conviction, almost
as if I breathed it out instead of saying it.

“Do what?” he looked up from his pad quizzically.

“Smoke,” I said back with only slightly more thought behind it.

“Why wouldn’t they?” It was such a therapist question to ask, but I knew
I had opened a door I’m not sure he would let close.

“It’s bad for you; what is it, ten minutes off your life for every
cigarette smoked?” I didn’t look up as I spoke, but my mind was
compiling the speech together competently enough, I’d assume.

“Isn’t that what life is? Dictation?” his voice gave off a sense of
genuine interest in my thoughts. “It shortens your life, but it’s one of
a few things that allows you an active choice in that lifespan, I mean.”

“So what? Smoking is life?” I met his eyes.

“Choices are life; smoking is a choice,” he nodded to his own words as
he spoke.

“So is jumping off a cliff; I don’t think that makes it life,” I argued.

“You can only do it while you’re alive, so why wouldn’t it be?” I
squinted at his comment.

“Have you been back to your plot since the dream?” he adjusted his tie
and changed the subject.

“If I leave early, am I still billed for the full session?” I patted my
knees, refusing to lie on the therapy chair, sitting uncomfortably on it
instead.

“Your insurance will be,” he looked me up and down, the first look of
confusion I had ever seen on his face.

“Alright, it’s severance anyway,” I got up and went to leave.

“I’ll see you next week!” he half-yelled as I exited the room; I did not
reply.

I spent the next few hours wandering. I didn’t want to return home, but
it was the only way I knew; I only knew the buses to places I’d want to
go at the times I’d want to go to them; my schedule was thrown off far
too much to trust my own habits after the early departure.

I had gotten onto a bus; I don’t remember the number, I’m not sure I
even looked, but the normalcy of the action drove me to it besides that.

I sat for a while before I realized the bus had stopped; looking up, I
saw no one around me. The bus was dank with some old rot and entirely
empty, no driver, even with the strain of my ear I didn’t hear the
engine roar that was usually near deafening if one hadn’t become
accustomed to tuning it out, especially with how close to the front I
normally sat.

Getting off, confused but unquestioning, I raised my head and found
myself there, at the start of the trail leading into my plot’s cemetery.
It was almost as if the choices were made for me as I automatically
began that route. The palace of pallid emotion and faded memories was
composed of numerous split paths that managed to, despite all logic of
functioning geometry, form a rough grid system that separated each
section of plots.

My path was memorized by a system of rights and lefts. The first three I
remember as they pass by the graves of some historical figure in my
city, left right left.

The next seven snake their way around a cathedral complex that sits in
their center; if I remember correctly, it is younger than the cemetery,
having been overtaken slowly. I do not recall those turns consciously,
but the muscle memory of walking the path so many times leads me despite
my empty-headed state.

In the final section, there are five turns, well, six, but at the center
of the sixth sits that hill; to my right was another blank plot, to my
left was that bench, in my center sight is that forsaken Tree, and
standing, leaning against it, that man was there, looking straight down
the center into me.

He appeared more filled in; I saw him breathing. There he is; I was
looking at him. He was staring at me; I did not turn. I was experiencing
all of this.

My stride was slow as I began toward that center that contains him, each
step calculated as it reached his radius.

His smell is putrid, like rotting meat; his breath was like concentrated
acid in my lungs as I drew closer; the burning was painful, yet I
remained in my motion toward him, meeting just in front of him, his gaze
piercing me.

“Hello?” I said to him.

His tight skin wrapped its lips into something like a smile; he did not
respond with words, but by his reaction I knew he was listening.

“Who are you?” I asked.

His smile fell, and he tilted his head. “Who?” he asked.

“Your name?”

He moved toward me; I stepped back, falling onto my backside and sliding
down the hill, though his movements remained unchanged. He did not move
like a person; his pale head moved first, seemingly as his void of a
body followed behind it. It seemed the air died after he crossed it, and
by the completion of his movement, leaning over me, bent in some sort of
mocking bow, no wind blew at all.

“Ask specifically, do you wish for my head, or what follows?” he scowled
in some sort of unreadable expression.

“Your name,” I repeated, as a demand rather than a question.

He made an L with his right hand, placing the thumb onto his chin, his
forefinger pointing upward and resting on the tip of his nose.

“My head is named death,” he said. He turned his finger on the axis of
his thumb until his forefinger touched his chest. “What follows is
called Hades; I am my own rider, my own follower; do you wish to meet
both?” his head tilted unnaturally in the other direction as he looked
at me, questioning.

I sat in stupidifed silence at the figure before me. He watched me
breathe and crawl in my skin for a few minutes before taking both arms
and creating an X so his left arm was pointing to mine and vice versa
for his right.

“Life is choices, for you are still alive, a choice.” I stared into his
black pupils for a moment, and I was sure of my decision.

“Have you had dreams since our last session?” he sat once again in his
chair, trying to hide his lack of breath; he had clearly run being late
to our session.

“No,” I stated factually.

“Ah, any other updates? I know last session ended… abruptly; I was
worried you wouldn’t come back. Have you been to your plot since then?”
he tilted his head as he asked.

I peered at the ashtray between us. “I don’t think I’ll be going back
there, well, not for a long time, hopefully.”
