My father’s family was of Slavic heritage, more specifically Polish.
When World War 2 came around, a lot of my family fled to America with
the help of the Catholic church. It wasn’t until recently that I learned
my true last name, not the version they changed to avoid persecution.
Along with people like my family who immigrated here, they carried their
customs and heritage proudly where they couldn’t before, without fear of
death. Alongside those customs was the folklore and, believe it or not,
some creatures from that folklore. My family had managed to be lucky
and, with their belongings of the motherland, unbeknownst to them,
brought the kikimora.

Over the centuries, the various lore behind her became entangled and
indecipherable from what were the other Slavic nations’ stories and the
Polish ones. What my babcia told me while she was alive was that our
kikimora was one to protect us and make sure we kept our home in order.
I miss grandma; she passed away when I was little.

The kikimora has a canine snout and blue human eyes within that oddity
of a skull of hers.  She wears traditional clothing from the motherland
that makes her look like an excerpt out of a book. From what I’ve seen,
our family’s kikimora’s legs bend backwards like a dog’s and have the
scaliness of a chicken. She is maybe five and a half feet tall. Her
self-hunched-over back and headdress would have you not blinking twice
if you saw her on the streets, if it wasn’t for her more bizarre
features.

We would affectionately refer to her as “Keke”. She didn’t speak much
and never gave me a name when child me asked. I never felt threatened by
her; it was like I had another grandma.  She made sure I did my chores,
took care of the animals on our small homestead, and then played with
me.

We had a seat for her at the family table despite not knowing what she
ate or if she even could. It was more of a gesture to show our
appreciation to her for helping us out around the home. When I reached
my teens, she helped me learn to cook Polish food.  Once, a boy cheated
on me, and I came home heartbroken and threw myself onto my bed to sob
into the pillow. Her decrepit hand rubbed my back to reassure me. I was
taken aback; I had shut and locked my door. How did she get in? “No
worries, girl. He bad soul, you good girl,” she said, through barriers
of broken English, the homeland’s accent, and her hoarse, nearly
irradiated voice. I felt the love behind those words.

I’m no longer a teen but now in my early thirties. My parents have
passed away in their old age. So, I inherited the house as the sole
child. Keke was there for me to help lessen the burden of mourning. 

It wasn’t all bad.  I met a guy through work. We both enjoyed the same
musicians, and he even took me to a few of their concerts at festivals.
We differed in tastes when it came to movies but were able to go see
movies together and discuss what we liked and didn’t like about it.  We
always shared a large popcorn with butter and salt. Paired with a large
slushie that we bribed the teenage movie theater worker to add a little
bit of each flavor into it. 

My fondest memory of our relationship was a picnic at the beach that we
drove six hours to get to, only for the beach to be closed.  We snuck in
there to have some form of a picnic. When we got chased by some security
guard we went to a nearby picnic spot at a state park. There were also
the long conversations where he listened to me ramble about whatever I
had on my mind or was hyperfixated about. Anything from my annoyance
that a movie used the wrong storyline in a superhero movie to my
fascination with entomology and zoology. 

We began dating for the better part of a year. He was sweet, kind, and
loved to show me all these fancy places and drinks at those places. I’m
a lightweight and not one for the party scene, unlike him. We balanced
the party-night dates and regular, cozy dates. Relationships are all
about compromise, right?

It came to a point where I felt like I wanted to marry him. I wrestled
with the idea and decided to do a trial of sorts. Dating someone and
marriage were two different things. I never even stayed the night with
Clarence. One night I opened up my feelings to him; to my pleasant
surprise, he felt the same towards me and had been saving up for a ring.
We discussed for a while and finally settled on a trial period of living
in my home for a year before deciding to marry. 

That’s when Keke first started acting strange.  Since Clarence’s
apartment wouldn’t allow someone to just move in,  it made more sense
for him to move into my house. The house wasn’t a mansion but large and
lonely when you’re the only one staying in it.  I started showing him
the house and helped him unpack his bags into what would be his room for
the year. I told him all about where his bathroom was, and then Keke
stepped out of the darkness of cleaning the closet to embrace me. 

“Ew, what the hell is that thing?” Clarence asked with a mix of disgust
and shock at the sight of Keke. 

“That’s Keke. Don’t mind her,  she’s family. She’s my…” I drifted off,
trying to figure out what word would be best to describe the
relationship of this kikimora and my family.  I finally finished my
thought. “She’s like an aunt or elder relative. Hard to describe it.”

He gave me a look of confusion and glared at Keke before stepping back
out to his car to get the remainder of his luggage. While he was out,
Keke looked at me and spoke sternly,  “He has rotten soul. No good.” I
brushed it off as Keke having traditional values of the old country. I
wish I had listened to her there and kicked Clarence out.  It would’ve
saved me a lot of heartache.

It started off as small things with him.  He would go to my bathroom
instead of his and leave the toilet seat up, a stray drink can for Keke
and me to clean up, and crumbs of snacks littered across the floor. I
figured he was a man and so used to living alone that it’d take a bit
for him to break these habits. Every time I’d bring them up to him, 
he’d seem apologetic and clean it up with a joke about it.  Then, as the
weeks turned into months,  the displaced trash began to form small
piles; the once-joking Clarence, who would clean up, was now grumbling
under his breath when he thought I couldn’t hear him about me nagging,
and moved his way into my bedroom and my bed. He justified it by saying
that I’d have to get used to having someone else in my bed before
getting married, so it wasn’t such a culture shock for me.  I bought
into that lie. 

I woke up the first night of having the extra body in my bed. I stared
at my door as something wiggled through the doorknob. Disjointed bones
squeezed through the keyhole to reassemble into the posture of Keke. She
approached the bed and looked at Clarence’s unconscious body. 

“You are a good girl.  He has rotten soul. He need to leave,”she said in
a hushed but angry tone. I couldn’t believe she violated my privacy like
that and demanded that she left my room.  She sighed and obliged. The
next morning,  I placed an upside-down broom by my door, a way to keep
kikimoras from entering my room.  I hadn’t ever had the need or wanted
to do so until that night.  There was an energy of loss of trust and a
sense of hurt between Keke and me for the next few weeks.  We didn’t
speak to each other during that time.

I started to get promotions and excel at my job while Clarence had been
fired.  He said it was because the company wanted new faces. I believed
him at the time.  After the loss of his job, he had more time to drink. 
Which meant a bigger mess to clean for me to come home to and to lie
next to the stench of whatever alcohol he had decided to down that day. 

Clarence grew rowdier and pushier with me. The more liquor bottles and
beer cans piled in my home, the more bruises I had to apply makeup over
to keep my sanity and love for him. 

I avoided eye contact with Keke whenever I left the house. I felt her
anger. It wasn’t aimed at me, but at what was happening. A deputy
knocked on my door one day after a neighbor heard Clarence, in a drunken
rage, had yelled at me, and shoved me onto the ground. I was still in a
Stockholm syndrome state of justifying it as somehow my fault.  I cooked
the roast wrong; I deserved it.  The deputy saw my bruises on my arm and
had me step out, asking if I was safe and if I wanted to press charges. 
Like a fool, I said I was safe,  just stressful times. I wasn’t safe at
all, just delusional. I always heard Keke clawing at my door, desperate
to protect me despite my measures to make sure she couldn’t enter my
room. 

It all boiled up to one final night. When Clarence brought out the
revolver, it was getting closer to a full year, and my once spotless
home now looked like a hoarder’s home piled with trash. Keke and I
worked tirelessly to clean it each day. Each step forward we made,
Clarence dragged us back ten steps.  

“Rotten soul,  rotten home,” Keke muttered as we took out a fifth
construction black bag of beer cans and liquor bottles. I decided she
was right as a roach skiddied off across my floor. My parents never had
the house this filthy at all.  The night the revolver was pulled out, I
had had enough and was telling a drunken Clarence so and that this was
his last night in my home. We were over. Big mistake.

He grabbed me and shoved the barrel of the gun,  drunkenly stating, “I
put one bullet in here.  Let’s see how many pulls of the trigger it
takes to make you take back what you said.” Click. That one was empty;
five more chambers. I was crying and reaching for the door as I heard
Keke scratching and attempting to try and rescue me.  Click. Four more
chambers left. I had managed to shove the door open as Keke watched with
horror, unable to enter and interfere. Click. Three more chambers left.
I stretched with every fiber of my being to knock down that damn broom.
I was successful.

I heard the cock of the hammer and a guttural sigh as Keke drove her
claws into his chest. He stood there, frozen. She pulled out his beating
heart and an opaque mass out of his body. The mass looked like roadkill
on the side of the road during a heatwave, given how decayed and rotten
it looked. His heart matched the same appearance. 

“I told you. Rotten soul. Rotten heart. Rotten man. You deserve better,
girl.” Keke stated, pulling the revolver out of his hand and into mine.
Making sure the bullet was in the chamber and the trigger was ready to
be pulled before placing his heart and soul back into his body.  Click,
bang.

I sat there shivering as an officer called to the scene tried consoling
me and getting the story straight. All I could mutter was that he had
been beating me, and he pulled out the gun when I broke up with him. He
said there was one bullet and five empty chambers. Somehow, I got it in
my hand and shot him because I feared for my life. 

After the investigation concluded, I was told that Clarence lied. He
lied about everything. His job, name, and the number of bullets. The
revolver was fully loaded. This was his M.O.; he killed multiple women
in the same fashion. A chill ran down my spine.

It took me a long time to clean up the mess that Clarence had left in my
home. Keke was there to help me.  Once we got my home back to its former
glory and I took my time to process everything,  I hugged Keke and
sobbed. Just like when I was a teenager and heartbroken, she was there
for me. It took me a long time to get back into the dating scene, but
one thing was certain now. I’d always take Keke’s dating advice and
introduce any prospects to her. 
