Link to Part 1

…

I woke up alone, in our bed. Strange. Maybe Cameron carried me up here?
As per usual, I laid alone in the light of the sunrise. Even though the
warm rays beamed in from between the blinds, the air felt cold. I got up
to adjust the A/C, but found it needed none. It was just a feeling.
Nothing a cardigan couldn’t fix. Sipping slowly on my coffee, I began to
think about last night. Until, I decided that I shouldn’t. Couldn’t. The
light of the morning was too beautiful. Birds were singing outside. I
couldn’t let the disturbance of the evening affect this peaceful moment.
I opened my laptop and began what started out as a comfortably normal
day.

I was a couple hours into my work day, reviewing notes for a meeting due
in ten with a quick bite to eat. I was leading this one, couldn’t do it
on an empty stomach. Just as I finished my late breakfast, I got an
alert on my phone. The doorbell camera had detected movement. I wasn’t
expecting any packages, so I opened the app to take a look. Parked on
the street was a dark blue car, an unremarkable sedan, something from
the edge of the millennium. The man, who I assumed was its owner, was
making his way towards the door. He took the long way along the
driveway, minding our little lawn, which most people would carelessly
cross over. I couldn’t get a good look at him until he was right in
front of the door, ringing the bell. He looked very serious, almost sad.
I had a few minutes before the meeting started. If he were a salesman,
I’d just shoo him away. My eyes still adjusting to the daylight, he
spoke immediately as I opened the door.

“Good afternoon, Mrs. Goodall. I need to talk to you about your
husband.”

Baby-faced, he wore a distinctively deep black suit and tie with a
bright white dress shirt. Pinned to his lapel was a curious emblem, a
little diamond with an iris.

“Cameron? He left for work this morning.”

The somber look on his face slipped, eyebrows raised slightly. “He came
home?”

“Yes…” I spoke slow, caught off guard by his question. “Late last
night.”

After a beat of silence, he tucked an envelope he had been holding into
the inner pocket of his jacket, trading it for a notepad and pen,
jotting down quick notes as if he were a detective in an old movie.

“Was he injured?” The man asked without looking up.

“No. He seemed fine.” I lied.

“Nothing unusual?”

I paused, probably played my hand at the hesitation. But, I didn’t care.
I didn’t know who this guy was and I didn’t have the time to get into
it. My meeting was about to start.

“Not really. Just came home a little later than usual. Anyway, I don’t
think I caught your name…”

“Cooper.”

“Mr. Cooper?”

“Nope.” He spoke curtly.

I thought he was reaching forward for a shake, but when my hand met his,
I was given a card. A matte black thing, cut square with a fancy white
lining along its edges. One side blank, the other had a QR code cut
through the black, the white layer within exposed.

“Scan it if you see anything strange.”

He walked away before I could ask any more questions. He suddenly seemed
to be in a hurry, crossing through the lawn at a quick pace. In his car,
phone to his ear, zipping away. He was gone in an instant. Weird. I
should have found it more peculiar than I did. But, my mind was still on
work, so I got back to it. A couple hours later, I tried to send Cameron
a text about dinner. We never touched the ingredients he brought home
last night, did he want to try making the pasta again? No response. His
phone still acted as if it were disconnected.

I could feel my stomach sinking as I stared at the failed call screen.
My workload had kept me pleasantly occupied, it was the first time I had
revisited the events of the evening. My anxiety began to whisper in my
ear, begging me to set it all aside, let this all fade away like a bad
dream. So, I spent the rest of my day deeply entrenched in my work, too
busy to think about anything else. I leaped ahead of schedule, nearly
completing the entire week’s task list. I was so preoccupied, that I
hadn’t realized what time it was until I heard a commotion at the door.
Keys inserted, a creak, and a rush of fresh air. The pit in my stomach
returned as I watched through mirrored reflection, as Cameron walked
inside, grocery bag in hand and a wide smile on his face.

“Cacio e pepe, baby!”

I watched him quietly as he organized the new groceries out on the
counter, curious to see where he would put them. Opening the fridge, he
was astonished to see another block and a half of the pecorino romano he
just purchased.

“Did you buy these?” He turned around, looking completely perplexed.

I shook my head as I poured myself a big, big glass of Syrah. He opened
the pantry to find the spaces for the peppercorns, pasta, corn starch
and so on, every vacancy he remembered had already been occupied.

“Where did we get all this stuff?” He scratched his head.

“You brought them home on Monday,” My voice echoed in my glass. “Then
again last night.”

“What?” He turned towards me quick, laughing as if I had made a joke.
“Gwen, today is Monday!”

I shook my head slowly, hoping, just hoping, that he was joking. His
eyes said otherwise. I could feel tears welling up within mine. I
couldn’t help myself, I had reached my limit. My crying broke into a
startled gasp as his eyes glazed over, staring far beyond me again.

“Cameron! What the hell is going on with you?”

Yelling didn’t seem to break him out of his trance. As he turned around,
resuming his replication of the previous nights, I couldn’t help but
notice the rigidity of his movements. Cameron seemed to cross into a
fugue state as a kind of defense mechanism, as if his entire body was
correcting itself after diverging from a preset path. He would pause
briefly between each line, his breath held still, awaiting an expected
response. My response. Every word I spoke had become a cue in an
invisible script.

I was speechless. All I could do was wait and watch, to see how far he
would take this. Because, this had to be a joke. A sick joke. He knew me
better than anyone else, my joys, my fears. He knew every little thing
that would unnerve me, every tick that would fuel my irrational mind. He
was the only person, if he so chose, who could psychologically torture
me with a calculated precision. He was the only one who would know, that
his behavior these past two nights and in this moment, that the way he
was acting could strike me at my core. My imagination had always gotten
the better of me, so to mess with my grasp on reality itself, that was
especially cruel. My resentment was quick to rise.

I watched him silently as he carefully strained the bucatini over a
bowl, collecting cloudy pasta water to use later. He returned the
noodles to the pot, sprinkled freshly-ground peppercorn and cheese over
them. Stirring, he winced, scalded a bit as he grabbed the bowl to pour
steaming pasta water into the pot. After a few more minutes of stirring,
he let out a frustrated sigh—the exact same as I heard on Monday.

We ate in silence, both upset for our own reasons. Staring at my empty
wine glass, I felt as if we were both playing pretend, our lives encased
in a tiny toy house. Except, we were both dolls from completely
different sets. Immiscible. Oily, clumpy pasta. I watched him in awe as
he picked away at his disaster with a genuine frustration. I had never
known Cameron to be a good actor, in fact, he had always been a terrible
liar. Painfully honest, even when he shouldn’t be. Tannins still chalky
on my tongue, lips loosened, I had to break this silence.

“Where did you go today?”

“To work.”

“Where?”

He chuckled. “At the lab, silly.”

His eyes flicked towards me, startled, as I forcefully jammed my fork
into my plate with a frustration I had been holding in all evening. Its
screech echoed throughout the room, hanging amongst our shared silence.

“Gwen?” His voice lowered.

I stared down at the scar I had just made across my plate’s surface.

“Do you… you don’t believe me?” He tested.

“I don’t.”

He leaned back, perplexed by the accusatory implication.

“The lab is gone.” I continued.

“What? What do you mean?”

“What do you mean?” I was shouting. “It burned down, Cam! There was a
fire at your lab yesterday! Then you came home late, pretending like it
didn’t happen! Then again today! What the fuck is wrong with you? Why
are you acting like this? And what the fuck are you looking at?”

I couldn’t find his eyes, they were too far gone. I did however, catch
something bizarre reflecting in the window behind him. Blinds ajar,
between them I could see a dark shape, occupying the same space Cameron
was. Unmistakably human, it was bulky, maybe bloated, its skin dark and
rough like charcoal. I watched as it stood to its feet, matching
Cameron’s movements as he stepped back from the table. From my
peripheral, the whites of his eyes pulled my attention away from the
window. His eyes had returned, locked onto mine, widened as if he were a
witness to revelation.

“It’s changed. A thousand times, around and around again. It… changed.”
He mumbled in disbelief.

“What are you talking about?” My voice hung by a thread.

“The endless curve. Highway hypnosis.” Likewise, his voice was barely
audible.

“Please.” My hair string voice nearing a snap. “Please look at me! Tell
me what you’re trying to say! Talk to me!”

He wouldn’t elaborate, his quickening breath scared me into silence. His
eyelids were twitching. Lips quivering, he continued to mumble to
himself. What was going on inside of his head? I needed to know, I just
needed to know. But before that, I needed to sleep.

I could feel that strange sensation again, a massage at the nape of my
neck. I found it soothing amongst all of this intensity, almost as if it
were a life preserver tossed towards me within the mouth of a stormy
sea. Feeling myself expelled, my throat still rattled from raising my
voice, I embraced the sensation. Away from the confusion, away from his
secrets. Maybe it was just the wine, but I just didn’t care anymore.
Releasing the weight of my body, I allowed myself to drift. But, I
didn’t fall. I must have been dreaming at this point, but through blurry
vision, I watched my own hands return to the table. I picked up my fork
and resumed eating. Cameron sat back down and we continued our meal, the
tension between us fading almost instantly. I could even feel myself
moving. As if I were guided by puppet strings, I moved with the same
rigidity I had seen in Cameron. Like two dolls in our tiny toy house, we
enjoyed the rest of our evening.

It was a pleasant dream. Just like Monday, we laughed and leaned close
to one another. That was it. It was the warmth that had gone missing
after that night. The warmth of familiarity, of routine. The foundation
I needed to remain stable. Though, I was a spectator, I welcomed the
warmth I had lost. I clearly needed it, my mind had recorded every
moment of that evening in vivid detail. Here I was, watching it all play
out like a movie through my point of view. The dinner, cuddles on the
couch, the bedroom activities that followed. As I approached sleep, the
images began to blur into a collage. Images of our faces and forms
repeated and overlapped, breaking down into vivid colors, beautifully
sculpted. Paint strokes of light on a black void canvas. Then, peaceful
silence. Sleep had come to meet me the night before, but tonight it
arrived as an ebb and flow, the pull of the nightly tide.

…

Collaged amongst light and sound, my bed-nestled mind captured blurry
snippets of Cameron’s morning routine. He was quiet today. I could
somewhat remember him standing in front of the bathroom sink. He was
there for a while, long enough for my fluttering eyes to form a solid
picture. This intrigued my mind to wake, just enough to open my eyes to
full aperture and get a clear look at the scene before me.

Cameron was in the bathroom, hand pressed against the mirror, leaned in
close to his own reflection, staring. I watched him quietly as he stood
perfectly still. Though I hadn’t had a clear angle to see them, I just
knew where his eyes were focused. Far out into the distance, towards
something unseen. I almost called out his name. Almost. But, again, I
felt the hum at the base of my skull. It seemed to notice my attention,
swiftly shifting from a massage to a forceful yank.

At some point, I must have woken up and made my way downstairs. There I
was, lent over the kitchen counter, its surface chill bleeding through
the sleeves of my cardigan. I was shivering. Another cold morning. The
coffee felt good though, its warmth brought comfort. Warmth. Routine.
What a pleasant dream that was. A strange dream. Wasn’t it odd? Too
tangible? Too vivid to come from the mind? I could have delved deeper
into the philosophy of perception, frozen in my kitchen, pondering
existence. But my feet moved, whether of my accord or their own, it was
all still a blur.

Sitting down at the table, the same chair I had last night, I gradually
surfaced from the depths of slumber. I had finally washed ashore. It was
as if reality itself resumed. There I was, my heart pounding, head
buzzing, wine drunk, and frustrated. I was sitting right here when I was
taken away. Removed from my own body, adrift from my vessel as she
reenacted a beautiful evening. How long had I been sleeping? How long
would I have gone through the motions? Coffee was on the schedule, every
morning without break, caffeine addiction meeting its quota. Was it
something as mundane as a morning cup that awoke me from my trance? Once
again, I was on edge, more than I had been before. It was in this moment
that the threads of my reality had loosened beyond a fray and began to
unravel.

Thursday. I tried to immerse myself in work again, but had too many
loose questions to keep focus. Though, I couldn’t look at the news, the
images of the ruined lab made me uncomfortable. Every news notification
about the fire my algorithm served, I swiped away, the machine’s naiveté
detached from emotional context. But, I knew better than to just put it
off. This wasn’t going to go away on its own. I forgot to do it
yesterday, so around lunchtime, I decided to call Freya. My heart leaped
when the line rung. Then rung again and again. Nearing the voice mail
inbox, I almost hung up the call before I heard it connect.

“Hello?” Freya’s voice was hoarse. Quiet, almost a whisper.

“Oh! Hello!” I answered too excitedly. I felt detached, naive like the
machine, quickly realizing that she must have been crying. “Um. Hello,
Freya.”

“Is this Gwen?”

“Yes. Um. I just wanted to… So, you called me the other night and um…” I
trailed off, hoping that she would pick up my slack.

But she didn’t. She waited quietly, I could hear her sniffle on the
other end, her breaths creating friction within her stuffed nose. I
continued, taking a more risky route than I had anticipated.

“Did um… Did Margot come home? You know, after the fire?”

Freya’s breathing stopped altogether, the audio on her end becoming a
void of sound. After an agonizing moment of pure silence, her voice came
through, crystal clear again.

“She left this morning.”

I felt relieved. “Oh. Good! You know, with the lab gone, I wonder where
they’ve been going. I tried to ask Lawrence, but he… wouldn’t say.”

“She went back into the mirror.”

I didn’t know what to say to that. Her voice, now monotone, spoke with
an absolute clarity, as if there were no phone to filter it. It was a
dead drone. Just hearing it, I could imagine her pretty hazel eyes
lifelessly staring out into an impossible distance. It took me a moment
to realize that I had stopped breathing. Her line returned to an eerie
silence.

“Freya?”

No response.

I waited another moment. “I um, would it be okay if I came over later? I
have to admit, things have been a little odd on my end, too. Maybe it
would be best to discuss this in person.”

I cringed. Was I still in work mode? Why was I talking to her like we
were in a Zoom meeting? She remained silent, but I heard something.
Another voice in the background. It sounded like… Margot? I tried to
listen, but couldn’t parse out her words, they were lost amongst a new
noise. Freya’s breathing returned, loud and quickening. Then disappeared
into dial tone as the call suddenly disconnected.

I sat there for a while, at a loss once more. I had another meeting
scheduled in an hour. But, I skipped it. Set my status to out of office,
citing a sudden sickness that would occupy the rest of my day, pending
the rest of the week.

Back into the mirror?

What the hell did that mean? Finding myself flustered and frustrated, my
brain worked quick, connecting the dots to the strange scene I had seen
this morning. Cameron staring at himself with a distant intensity.
Leaned in close, looking through the mirror as if it were a window to
another side. Unfortunately, my anxious mind was several steps ahead of
me. Seemingly honed from thirty years’ practice of fearing the uncertain
and imagining the irrational.

His hand print was still there, clearly defined, pressed on with an
entire body’s weight. When I ran a finger over, it had no effect. Wiping
it with a cloth, the print remained unscathed. I tried for several
minutes, several products, trying to make it disappear, all to no avail.
On the verge of tears, accepting that this last trace of the morning’s
little nightmare was here to stay, I realized that his hand print wasn’t
on the mirror’s surface. It was inside of it.

I sent him a text message. Not received. I tried to call him. No
connection. I tried to check his location. Nothing. I called the lab.
Busy line. The police were useless, too. For all I knew, Cameron could
have actually walked into the mirror that morning. I never actually saw
him leave the house, I was forcefully pulled back into sleep—another
bizarre happening that needed to be addressed. But, I had other
priorities. I had lost my patience at that point and something took over
me. Somehow, briefly overpowering my fear, I felt compelled to find
answers.

I didn’t know what to wear or what to bring with me, but eventually I
decided to grab a bottle of merlot. I would present it as a gift, or…
flipped and held by its neck, I swung the bottle to test its weight,
preparing for an irrational scenario presented by an anxious mind. Off
the clock, dressed down in a baseball cap and hoodie, I walked out the
door and down the street towards Freya and Margot’s house. I didn’t know
what to expect, but I had a bad feeling, anxiety playing its usual set
in the back of my head. I’d have otherwise gone with my gut, probably
should have scanned the code on that odd little card. But in the moment,
I felt that I had no other choice. No other lead. Nobody else was going
to clue me in. That house was the most likely place I would find any
answers for myself.

The blinds on every window were switched shut. Eying the doorbell camera
as I approached, I nearly gasped when I found their front door ajar, the
space beyond it a black void of light. I immediately became concerned.
Something was definitely wrong here.

“Hello?” I called out.

Nothing. Was Freya okay? I stepped forward to open the door, then
stopped. I was out of my depth, with no business walking into someone’s
house like that. It would be smarter to call the police. Just as I was
looking away towards my phone, I caught something in the corner of my
eye.

A light tucked within the doorway. A colorful menagerie, shifting from
hue to hue, ROYGBIV just like our night light back home. The base of my
skull hummed soothingly, enchanted by the lovely familiarity that my
mind craved. Pacified, I allowed what would have otherwise been an
involuntary pull of my hand, my own hand, I watched as it lifted towards
the doorknob. As I leaned closer, the smell of returning home, that
feeling of crossing through the threshold into comfort, they rolled over
my feet like waves over shoreline. Sensed, but not submersed, not yet.
Though, I was eager to be.

Just as I began to drift back into the dream, I heard the sound of the
door opening—the same door I was staring at. It hadn’t moved, not
visibly. But unmistakably, I heard it open again, allowing sounds from
inside to flow out. There were voices. Soft laughter and the clatter of
silverware. The warm, inviting comfort of a dinner table. The shifting
lights inside slowed to a still, settling on a deep orange candlelight
color.

“Come in, Gwen.” It was Margot’s voice.

Compelled by curiosity, I complied. They had a mirror in the bend of
their hallway, too. Though, theirs was smaller and more artisanal. I
could imagine Cameron sharing the idea at work, or maybe vice versa. In
its reflection, I could see Margot and Freya at their dining table, mid
candle-lit dinner. By the time I had shut the door behind me, I noticed
that they were both staring directly at me. As my eyes adjusted to the
dim lighting, I could see that while Freya’s eyes were focused, Margot’s
were distant. Even in this light, the colors of their eyes glistened
beautifully. Freya’s green hazel and Margot’s stormy blue. They popped
amongst the beige decor of their household. Minimalist, ‘curated’, like
something you’d see on social media.

“Don’t mind them, dear. It was just another loop. They must have assumed
you got lost.” Margot spoke calmly.

I was too distracted by the surrounding detail to fully process her
strange statement. I could recognize a change in her voice. Weathered,
almost weary, the voice of someone who has long lived through
interesting times. Other than that, the two of them almost seemed fine.
Almost. Margot greeted me warmly, while Freya watched her partner with
an unusual nervousness. This made me eager to leave. But, I was there
for a purpose.

“Well come on in, dear.” Margot spoke with an elderly cadence.

“Okay. Um, how are you—“

I lost my voice as I turned the corner. There was no candle-lit dinner.
Sitting alone in the dark, in the center setting of an empty table, a
single silhouette was propped up with an unnaturally upright posture.

“Don’t be alarmed, we’re both here with you.” Margot attempted to soothe
me.

I turned back around, the scene of the dinner still lit warmly within
the mirror. It was the sole source of light within the darkened home.

“What…” I struggled to find my voice again.

“She is my tether to this physical plane. I suppose she always has been.
Cameron must feel the same.” Margot rambled nonsensically.

I regained my footing upon hearing his name. “Do you know where he is?”

“Of course. We were brought to the same place. There, we wandered
together for a long, long time before our paths inevitably diverged.
But, you already know all of this. I’ve seen you out there a few times.”

“What?”

She scoffed, as if I had asked a silly question. “You were swimming in
the sea last night, weren’t you?”

Was she talking about my strange dream? Monday evening all over again.
And again. Was… Cameron stuck there somehow?

“You mentioned a loop?” I asked.

“Likely Cameron’s wish. Or perhaps yours. You two share the same
desires, they often blend together beautifully.”

“His wish?”

“Yes. Granted to us by the shepherds of the sea. Each and every one of
us. How generous they are, our glorious saviors. Such benevolence to
behold.”

Though we weren’t close, I had known Margot as a reasonable and
intelligent woman who always spoke calmly. That woman was not here.
Something had changed her, stripped away her sanity. Margot must have
seen the terrified look on my face. I watched her lean closer. As she
did so, I could hear movement at the table behind me. Leaning towards
me, the silhouetted figure brought its face into the edge of the
candlelight. It was Freya’s face, but it looked wrong. Her expression
was split down the middle, her eyes separated by a newfound
heterochromia. The left side of her face wore a warm and inviting smile,
its eye deep blue, pale rimmed just like Margot’s. Freya’s side was
slack, uneven, it hung horrifically. Her own hazel eye wandered, lost in
the abyss as she gazed into the imperceptible. I stepped back, towards
the scene in the mirror.

“What… What happened to you?” My voice had lost its balance.

“Don’t worry! Please! We won’t hurt you, dear.” Margot’s half of the
face mimed to the sound of her voice coming from over my shoulder.

Closer and closer, I could feel the warmth of the dinner waft through
the mirror as I inched back carefully.

“Is she okay?!” Fear had winded my voice. “Is she having a stroke?!”

I had never seen someone laugh with only half of their face before,
neither would I unsee it.

“We’re fine.” The two of them spoke in unison, her lips enunciating as a
whole.

I gasped as the figure stood to its feet and walked around the table,
disappearing out of sight behind the edge of the hallway wall. I was
actually holding the wine bottle by its neck, ready to swing. The figure
remained out of sight for an uncomfortably long of time. Adrenaline
activated, I was panting so loud, it echoed throughout the house.

“Please, Gwen. Calm down.”

I struggled to turn back and face the two of them again. They held hands
as they stared lovingly at one another. Freya’s attitude had flipped
around entirely in what I had perceived to be maybe a minute or two.

“Where is Cameron?” I grabbed the mirror’s frame aggressively.

“He’s in the sea, of course. He spends his time at his merry-go-round,
looping around just the same as you. It’s a strange thing. Covered in
fairy lights and dancing figures. It sings like a music box.” Margot
spoke as if she made any sense.

I shook my head in anger. Her rambling was irritating me at this point.
Looking over my shoulder, I yelped as I collapsed my weight against the
wall behind me. The figure had reappeared at the maw of the hall. They
raised their hands disarmingly, a wedding band on each.

“I’m glad you’re here, Gwen. The dancing lights have long eluded me.
Years of mystery. He’s always kept it to himself. His secret place. I
pried once and… we don’t speak much anymore. So, let us have a look at
you. A quick peer behind your eyes should explain everything.”

The figure stepped closer, on the brink of a shamble. It was odd
watching a single body move with the cadence of two. Margot’s side moved
eagerly, while Freya’s hesitated. There was no more room for me to
retreat backwards. But to my right, the front stood unlocked and ready
to fling open. I was panting, gasping so fast it made me lightheaded.
But as my adrenaline continued to pump, I could feel myself begin to
level out. I feared that it may have been the sleeping hand at work
again, but no, this was something familiar.

The anxiety that had hindered me all of my life finally served a
purpose. Always thinking too far ahead, my ridiculous mind was prepared
for an unfathomable scenario like this. My breathing steadied and I
surprised myself. Presenting my gift, I threw the wine down the hallway
with an unexpected accuracy. It hammered into into the figure’s
knee—PING!— hindering its pursuit as I leapt towards the door. In a
flash of daylight, I was sprinting over the front lawn. I ran and ran. I
didn’t stop until I twisted the latch of our front door locked behind
me. I fell to the door, panting into a bawl. What was that? What the
fuck was that?

The little card that Cooper had given me sat on the kitchen counter. I
meant to talk to Cam about it, but we were preoccupied. Using the camera
on my phone, I scanned the QR code, a link led me through an abbreviated
URL. The browser opened to a black screen with an animated white circle
that looped, loading, maybe two or three times before disappearing. I
stared at a blank black screen for almost a minute before I refreshed
the page. Nothing, just more black. More darkness. I felt myself pulled
back into the nightmare house I had just escaped. I shouted in
frustration, tossing my phone into a clatter across the kitchen counter.

I nearly smashed the back seat as I tossed my loaded suitcases into the
trunk of our car—the one Cameron usually used to get to work. I had lost
the patience needed to question why it was still there. Wherever he
went, he clearly didn’t need it. Good for me! It was time to get far
away from this place. My parents still lived out in Sonoma, about an
hour and a half north, without traffic. I began backing out of my
driveway, maybe speeding out, because I had to slam on my brakes to
avoid an oncoming car. It was a large, armored van, similar to the ones
banks use to transport money. I watched as it sped down the street,
veering around the corner towards Freya and Margot’s place, though I
didn’t make that connection in the moment. My mind was already zipping
down the highway.

Over the Golden Gate, along the eastern edge of Marin county. An hour
later I was driving through the hills. The sun began to set, the lights
of the freeway flicked to life. My blood had settled enough to notice
the dreary droning of road noise. Resuming my music, my heart sank as
shuffle performed a surprise attack. Call Me by Aretha Franklin, the one
we danced to at our wedding. The song had been a regular in my rotation
for years, but in that moment it was a dagger to the chest. It became
hard to see the road behind the blur of tears. Passing streetlights
swept by at a steady tempo, matched to the pace of my reminiscence.
Despite the recent terror, I saw glimpses of that perfect evening again.
Strings and piano created a symphonic valley around Aretha’s voice. The
flare of passing lamps became fairy lights, their twirling matched to
melody, guided by the unity of our movement. All eyes on us. The life we
had lived through before, every success, every failure, they were all
leading to that moment. A memory too powerful to fade. The rest of the
drive was overridden by its presence. A trance of my own. Highway
hypnosis.

…

The sun had set by the time I arrived at my parents’ place. The porch
lights of their ranch style home were a welcoming sight. The engine had
hardly settled for a minute before my parents came out to greet me. In
their pajamas, I felt a pang of guilt waking them from sleep for my
sake. The guilt was quick to fade once we were inside.

“He’s a working man. A professional. Respect his space. You wouldn’t
understand.”

“Jeez, dad! I have a job! What century do you live in?” My head was deep
in my palms by this point.

My mom refilled my wine glass with a knowing glance.

“I’m just saying, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than you need
to.” He grunted as he settled into his favorite chair, the one with the
good armrests.

“I really don’t think I am! I think I’m reacting… fucking adequately—“

“Language, Gwennie!” My mom piped up.

My eyes rolled as they were enveloped by the rim of my glass. A long
sip, more of a gulp. I didn’t tell them everything. Another bad habit
formed from a religious upbringing. They would think I had gone insane
if I gave them the whole story. And I wouldn’t blame them. Knowing my
parents, delving into any otherworldly power beyond the pages of the
Bible—it would only make things worse. More than that, I couldn’t
believe any of it myself. I was burnt out, still processing. So, I stuck
with Cameron coming home, repeating the same evening over and over.

“Eh. I always thought he was an oddball,” My dad shrugged. “But a buddy
of mine started doing something similar after his tour in Afghanistan.
He’s probably just stressed out. Don’t you kids love talking about your
mental problems? I mean, sheesh! They’re handing out meds like candy
these days, why don’t you go get him a prescription of Charleston Chews,
huh?” He chuckled at his own attempt at a joke.

I had my fill of cryptic nonsense, my dad’s brand was particularly
potent at this point. “Weren’t you two asleep?”

“We were just settling in. But yes.” My mom nodded. “We should head back
up, Harold. You have an early morning.”

“I just opened this beer!”

“I’ll take it.” I reached out, pinching my hand expectantly.

He grumbled his way out of the good sofa, handing me the bottle as he
walked past me. “How long are you staying?”

I shrugged.

“It’ll pass.” He tried his best to empathize.

I raised the beer in appreciation.

“Good night, dear.” My mom called from halfway up the stairs.

I shuddered. How quickly the endearment had been poisoned. I managed a
curt, “Good night.”

Both beer and wine were gone in no time. It was a bad mixture. Though,
it hit harder than I expected. But I was wary, having trouble discerning
the brink of drunk between the bizarre massage that had haunted the nape
of my neck. Before I knew it, I was back in my childhood bedroom,
reinvigorated by the nostalgia that old toys, boy band posters, and
Hannah Montana bedsheets could bring. It was a colorful space, popping
with character, something I had relinquished during my adult quest for
neutrality and maturity. I had let a certain magic slip out of my life,
but supposedly, it hadn’t gone far. Maybe Cam had the right idea,
spending his days at a merry-go-round. Whatever that meant.

Shepherds of the sea. Granting wishes. Had she gone crazy? Or was there
truth within her madness? What would Margot have wished for? Surely, it
wasn’t that. And did Freya have any say in it? Because whatever Cameron
wished for, I certainly did not. Laying in my little old twin bed, still
dressed in my hat and hoodie, my mind swayed over drunken waves as I
truly reflected on it all. The dreaming sea. The monstrosity that had
taken Freya and Margot’s place. The bloated figure I saw in the window
last night. I shuddered as my mind made a connection. Reflections are a
reality of their own, separate from the physical. Merely a glimpse,
maybe even a mockery, mimicking their counterparts by choice. A
neighboring world occupied by doppelgängers. What was occupying
Cameron’s place on the other side? From the little I saw, was he like
the others? Vice versa, my husband here, but a nightmare through the
glass?

This thought made my stomach twist. My body reacted to it like poison.
The colors of my childhood began to blend together around me. Swirling,
flowing, shifting hue to hue, saturation seeping out in the surrounding
abyss. Nostalgia faded, the base of comfort remained. Familiar walls and
doors, that led down a familiar hallway and up the stairs. Twin to king,
I finally settled into a restful sleep.

At some point, I must have woken up and made my way downstairs. There I
was, lent over the kitchen counter, its surface chill bleeding through
the sleeves of my cardigan. I was shivering. Another cold morning. The
coffee felt good though, its warmth brought comfort. Warmth. Routine.
What a pleasant dream that was. A strange dream. Wasn’t it odd? Too
tangible? Too vivid to come from the mind? Like a cold snap, I was
awake. Out of Sonoma, back in Palo Alto. I was home. Back in the loop.
