My favorite thing about nights is the desolate darkness. Not just
darkness, really. More like a void. Once the lights are off and the
curtains are drawn, the entire bedroom disappears. Sometimes I can’t
even see my hand in front of my face.

I love it.

In that darkness, you’d never know I’m usually sandwiched between the
two things I believe love me most in this world.

My dog, our baby girl, is normally somewhere against me. Usually my
legs. Sometimes she curls into my stomach if I’m on my side. She’s like
this giant, ridiculously soft heating blanket that occasionally kicks me
in her sleep.

Behind me is my husband. Normally, I hate sleeping between them. I love
them both, obviously, but Jesus Christ, they’re hot.

There have been nights when I’ve woken up sweating because I’ve got a
dog practically welded to one side of me and my husband pressed against
the other. I’ll kick the blankets off, flip my pillow, shove somebody
over.

Recently, though, that hasn’t been a problem.

My husband has been getting colder.

I noticed it maybe a week ago. At first I figured it was just the
weather changing, or maybe he was getting sick. It’s actually been kind
of nice. If I get too warm cuddling our girl, I can roll over toward
him.Instead of flipping to the cold side of the pillow, I have an entire
cold side of the bed.

The weird part is that he says he feels hot.

Really hot.

A few nights ago I wrapped myself around him because he felt freezing
and he immediately pulled away from me.

“Baby, I’m burning up.”

He sounded irritated, but not at me. More uncomfortable.

I laughed and told him he felt like a corpse.

He didn’t laugh.

I remember that bothering me more than it probably should have. Last
night was worse.

I woke up sometime after three.

I don’t know what woke me. The room was completely black.

My husband was behind me, and I could feel my girl curled against the
backs of my legs.

I remember this specifically because I was overheating.

My husband moved behind me.

He was hot this time.

Not warm. Hot.

I could feel heat coming off him through his shirt, and for half a
second I actually wondered if he had a fever.

He muttered something and rolled away from me toward the edge of the
bed.

Toward her.

I must have fallen asleep again after that.

Because the next thing I remember was scratching.

Not loud.

Just this faint little scratch, scratch, scratch somewhere near the
bedroom door.

We’ve had mice before, so at first I didn’t think much of it. They get
into the walls when the weather changes, and sometimes you can hear them
moving around at night.

Then it happened again.

Scratch.

Scratch.

For some reason, half asleep, I thought it sounded like Aurora wanting
in.

I remember lying there for a few seconds trying to decide whether I was
hearing her claws against the door or something inside the wall.

Eventually I got up and opened it.

Aurora was standing in the hallway.

She walked past me, jumped onto the bed, and laid down like nothing had
happened.

That confused me.

I could have sworn she’d been curled against my legs earlier.

But I’d also been half asleep, maybe I dreamed her there. With the mice
running around lately, I’m probably connecting things that aren’t
connected.

I stood there staring at her.

My husband was awake.

I hadn’t even realized it.

He was sitting on his side of the bed looking toward the spot where she
usually sleeps.

I asked him what was wrong.

He didn’t answer at first.

Then he said,

“I thought she was already in here.”

I told him I did too.

Neither of us really talked about it after that.

There’s an obvious explanation.

We were half asleep. Maybe I dreamed she was there. Maybe he heard me
moving around and assumed she was in bed.

That has to be it.

But I keep thinking about how her fur felt under my fingers.

And today my husband is cold again.

Colder than yesterday, actually.

I tried putting my hand against his chest earlier and he pulled away.

He told me he was burning up.

Maybe he’s getting sick.

I think I’m going to keep an eye on him tonight.

I just wish I’d noticed sooner how cold he was getting.
