I stumbled my way to the park bench and sat hard on the metal seat, my
ears ringing with the sound of a train whistle as twilight gave way to
night. My vision blurred in and out as I looked down at the now empty
pill bottle still clutched in my hand. Loosening my grip, letting the
bottle fall to the ground with a soft clatter of plastic against stone,
I tried to steady the tremble in my hands as my vision continued to
swim. The anxious excitement still pulsing in my stomach as my heart
continued to race in my chest.

A piercing flash of regret panged through my mind at my impulsive
decision. My reaction to the mounting stress and argument I had just had
with my fiance slowly dawned at the flaws of permanence I had just
taken.

My body felt as though it weighed a thousand pounds as I unsuccessfully
tried to stand up from the bench to seek help. Unable to decipher any
additional sounds above the increasingly loud ringing, I did not notice
as the man approached me. The last thing I saw as my eyes became unable
to register anything, was someone who I had not seen in a long time.

Mark.

I was the oldest of three children. My siblings only being a couple
years apart had allowed for their sibling friendship to prevail. My
seven year age gap from my younger brother, and nine from my younger
sister, had unknowingly created a rift that had only become more and
more apparent as we grew older. Our parents had turned much of their
focus to my siblings believing that I was fine on my own.

The loneliness I had felt was one that I never felt able to bring up to
my parents. In my mind I was alone and apart from the rest of my family,
unable to connect with them and then with others in school. My only
friend was Mark, an imaginary friend who was always there for me.

Mark was a shadowy figure with friendly eyes and a soothing voice. He
was always by my side to offer advice, ease my troubles, and dissuade
the thoughts of self-defeat when I was mocked and made fun of by the
other kids. As my isolation grew from others, Mark was always there to
lift me up and face the next day. It was quickly known by my peers that
I was the weird kid on his own that talked to himself. Despite this, I
did not desire the company of others as I had the only friend I needed,
My Best-Friend Mark.

There was every possibility that this would have continued on for the
entirety of my life, but shortly after I finished 6th Grade my parents
told my siblings and I that we were moving to a new city. The promotion
my father had received swept us away to a new place. The words my father
said as we drove into this new city stuck with me to this very day.

“I know things have been difficult for you, but it doesn’t mean it will
last forever.”

Despite my feelings that my father never realized just how rough things
had been for me, things did seem to get less difficult.

That first day in a new city had proven to be one of the best days of my
life. As I exited the backseat of the van with Mark chatting away about
how no matter how much of a loser the kids at this new school thought I
was, he would still be my only friend. I had remained quiet to Mark the
entire drive, much to his vocal annoyance. My parents had begun to worry
about my apparent solitary conversations, I had quickly decided that
silence would prevent any prying into who Mark was. The rest of my
family had busily rushed inside of the house to begin the process of
unpacking while I lagged behind as usual.

A reflection from the sun momentarily blinded me, and I tripped over the
raised step of the sidewalk. My arms flailing, I fell towards the hard
concrete bracing myself for the impact. With a solid thud I slammed into
the ground, scraping my hands and bumping my nose against the ground
leaving an additional scrape across it as well.

“Oh MY God, I am SOOOO sorry…” A voice shouted as footsteps quickly
closed in on me.

Pushing myself up from the ground, the apologetic voice was matched to a
girl my age who was bent over to help me up.

“Look at that, the first time a girl has spoken more than three words to
you and you’ve made a fool of yourself already,” Mark said in a
sing-song voice as he danced around. “Lucky for you I don’t care how
stupid you act.”

“Fuck off,” I breathed out to Mark as pain radiated from my hands and
nose.

“I…I didn’t mean to…I was just trying to get your attention. There’s no
need to be mean,” The girl said with watery eyes as her outstretched
hands recoiled at my vicious words.

“No, not you. I was…talking to…uhhh…just talking to myself. I didn’t
mean to say that.” I stammered out, not wanting to admit that I had been
talking to an imaginary friend.

“Oh, okay. I am sorry though,” The girl said as Mark continued to laugh.

“Sorry for what? I was the one who wasn’t paying attention and tripped
over my own feet.”

“Well, I might have caused that…” She said as her cheeks flushed before
she continued immediately after she saw the confused look on my face. “I
was using the metal of my compass to reflect the sun at you to get your
attention. I didn’t think it would cause you to fall over.”

“Oh so she was the one who made you look foolish, see what I mean?
Everyone is out to get you. It is why you can only rely on me,” Mark
said, his soft voice rippled with fury as he leered at the girl standing
before me.

“It’s okay, I just feel a bit foolish is all,” I said, wiping the dirt
off of my hands, doing my best to ignore Mark’s hostility as he
continued to berate the girl.

“My name is Samantha, but you can call me Sam,” Samantha said as she
held out a hand to help me up.

“Christian,” I said, grabbing her hand as I pushed myself to my feet.

Mark’s voice was drowned out by the voices of my parents and siblings
coming back out to see where I was at. The quick response of my sudden
injury being due to my own clumsiness was greeted with a thankful look
from Sam before introductions flew across as Sam’s parents came out to
greet their new neighbors.

That day had been a major turning point for me as I had made my first
real friend. Mark wasn’t amused by the antics of the neighbor-girl, and
anytime I would attempt to bring up Sam were usually met with mockery or
vile words. I found shortly after meeting Sam, that despite doubling the
amount of friends I had, I couldn’t talk about either of them to the
other person.

It was shortly before school started, as Sam and I were attempting to
skip rocks across the pond behind our houses that she confronted me with
what had become my newest fear.

“So who is it that you’re talking to when you are outside by yourself?”
She said as her rock skipped across the water five times, to the booing
and jeering of Mark as it sank beneath the surface of the water.

“Yeah who is it that you talk to? Your only other friend? Go on, tell
her so she knows how much of a loser you are so we can go back to being
the only friends that we need,” Mark said, his once friendly smile
twisted into an evil grin.

After a minute of silence as I bit at my lip, I finally decided to be
truthful with Sam. At least partly truthful with her.

“It’s an imaginary friend. My parents are always so busy with my
siblings, I needed someone to talk to. I know I’m a little old for an
imaginary friend but it has become kinda like a habit to talk to him
when I am by myself,” I admitted, refusing to look at her as shame
boiled my face red. Mark laughed after my confession was complete and
the air fell wordless.

“I get it,” Sam said, she pulled her legs close to her body as she
turned her own face downward.

“Like she would ever understand it. What does she know what it is like
to be a stranger in their own home?” Mark raged as he stood over Sam,
his arms branching into many long black tendrils ready to strike and
slash.

“I’m an only child, my parents are so preoccupied with work that they
never have time for me. Sometimes I feel like they forget they even have
a daughter. It sucks feeling alone, so I get it. I had an imaginary
friend once too, but she was really mean. When my parents found out
about her they took me to a doctor. Now I take these pills and I don’t
see her anymore.” Sam added, her face a bright red as she told me.

“Really? You always seem so happy, I never would have thought you felt
the same way I do,” I blurted out before pressing my hand over my mouth
at the vocalization of my thoughts.

“Well, since I met you, I have felt a lot less alone,” Sam said softly,
her cheek so brightly flushed that they could have been mistaken for
stop lights.

“I feel the same,” I said, placing a hand on her shoulder. Mark’s
screaming echoed out in my ears as Sam smiled at me before standing up
abruptly, nearly knocking me over.

“Thank you, Christy,” Sam said, her face still flushed as I stood up.

“For what?” I said, my own face warm as it dawned on me that despite
Mark’s yelling, I could not hear him.

Sam shook her head before replying with a smile, “It’s a secret.”

“Really, what is it?” I said, my face still red as her infectious smile
was spreading to me.

“Nothing, just promise me one thing, Christy,”

“Sure, what is it?” I said as we slowly made our way back towards our
houses.

“When we go to school no one else can call you, Christy. That’s my
nickname for you.” She said, a strange thought entered my mind with the
realization that what she had asked was not what she wanted to say.

“Of course, not even my parents call me that. It’s usually just Chris or
Christian.” I said, glancing back towards the pond where a raging Mark
was swiping his arms at the water to effect.

Sam gave me another smile before running off ahead. I slowly made my way
back to my own house, thinking thoughts of fancy as I reached the back
door. It was as I placed my hand on the door knob that I felt a pounding
thud in my head. Recoiling from the pain, I looked around for the source
of the blow. Standing over me, in a grotesque swirl of twisting
branches, Mark breathed heavily as he glared down at me.

“Did you forget something Kkchr-iisssteee?!” Mark spat out in a hiss.

“W-what a-are y-you t-talking a-about?” I stuttered out.

“I am your best friend, your only friend, the only one who truly gets
you. You think you can replace me?” Mark shouted out, his long talons
reaching down and gripping my shirt.

“No, no, no, you’re just someone I made up. You Aren’t Real!” I shouted
back.

“There is so much worse for you if I leave, I am your protector just as
much as I am your friend. Without me there is much more that will leak
out of that damaged mind of yours,” Mark screamed out in rage before
lifting me up by my shirt, his other fists clenched in anger. A fist
raised to strike me when he stopped and let go of my shirt as the back
door flew open.

“Chris, what is going on? I heard shouting.” My mom said with a worried
face as she looked at me standing outside, visibly shaking.

“Mom” I began, glancing over at Mark who made a throat-slitting gesture
with a long knife-like finger. “I need to tell you something.”

That had been a turning point for me, after telling my parents about
Mark, I began going to therapy and was put on medication. While Mark did
not disappear fully, he did remain silent. I began to make more real
friends and as I did, Mark began to grow fainter and fainter. The memory
of Mark became that of a bad nightmare, half remembered, only to emerge
again in momentary glimpses when my depression was at its worst.

As the years went by, Sam and I grew closer. She was the one who knew me
best, and when I told her the full story of Mark and the isolation I had
felt that brought him forth and kept him around had been the same day
that we made love for the first time. It had become the latest in “Best
Days Ever” that had coincided with the years I had known Sam.
Unfortunately, the bliss of our relationship did not ward off the demons
that lurked back in whatever place Mark had apparently sequestered them
to. It had begun during a long car ride back from our parents when the
creeping darkness had jumped from inside of me.

“If you want the promotion so bad then take it, don’t let me be the one
that is ‘Holding You Back,’” I snarked as Sam’s voice dipped in her
explanation of why it would be best for her to advance her career at
work.

“What is with the attitude Christy? This is for us both, we are a team
aren’t we?” Sam said, hurt and anger in her voice as she glanced over
from the driver seat towards me.

“No, it’s great that your dreams are coming true. I’m thrilled,” I spat,
the darkness filling me with venom as thoughts of my stagnant job and
failure to write anything that was better than an amused comment.

“Christian…when was the last time you took your meds?” Sam asked
sheepishly as her hands began to fidget with the steering wheel.

“You know I take them every morning,” I said scornfully, my eyes darting
out the window catching a strange shadow smirking back at me from the
trees.

“When we get home, I think you should call Dr. Willard and schedule an
appointment.””

“Oh, because I have a bad day it is because I’m losing it, but when YOU
have a bad day it is because you are feeling under the weather, or
because you saw a sad video online, or because your hormones are going
wild.”

“That isn’t fair to say…You know that…”

“Yeah, yeah I know, the baby.” I said in an almost snarl as I turned my
body away from her. The dark creature rising inside of me was filling my
veins with its venom and I just wanted to shut everything out.

We drove the rest of the way home in silence, the venomous thing inside
groaned in anger that the conversation had not escalated any further.
Sam, upset and angry at my outburst, had remained brief with me for the
remainder of the day.

For the following months a flood of worries and thoughts began to claw
their way to the surface. Each needed to be suppressed as best as I
could but with the echoing thoughts of a voice long forgotten, doubts
constantly resurfaced.

“No matter how hard you try…you will still be all alone. And this time…I
will make sure I am never replaced again…” A sinister voice said in a
smooth and raspy tone.

I looked around the bathroom but saw no sight of the source of the
voice. Sam was fast asleep, not that the voice was anything like hers.
After splashing my face with water I looked into the mirror and nearly
jumped at the reflection that stared back towards me.

For the briefest of moments, a shadowy face with a snarled smile
returned my gaze before being replaced with my own reflection in the
blink of an eye.

Pushing the image from my mind, I returned to bed and stared up at the
ceiling as I waited for slumber to take hold of me. A hand reached out
and played softly on my chest as my mind replayed the words over and
over in my mind. Dread sat like a pit in my stomach late into the night
before exhaustion finally took hold.

Samantha had hoped that the birth of our daughter would calm my mind, or
at the very least allow for an opportunity for a new distraction to
occupy it. This had proven to create a new series of jagged teeth that
gnawed on my mind at all hours of the day.

New worries and concerns kept me in a constant state of fear. The fear
that I would pass my problems onto her. The fear that I was going to
fail her just as my parents had failed me. The fear that I was too
fucked up to be the father she needed.

The new medication did nothing to calm these fears. All they did was
dull my emotions to everything around me. Something that had ended up
leading to an impulsive decision on my part after what was in reality,
nothing more than a concerned partner’s worrying for someone they loved.
Something that was so clear after it was already too late.

Life gets better, you have to be there to see it. A chilling thought to
have as the shadows crept in around me…as Mark wrapped me in an embrace
that was anything but loving.

A jolt of electricity spiked through my body as a vision of my
surroundings blurred in and out of focus. The world spun as my body swam
through air thick as mucus, moving towards a destination I did not know.
Mark’s caterwauling in the deafening recesses of my ears comforted my
slipping mind.

Anywhere that I went that angered Mark was clearly a place I wanted to
be. Mark did not want me to be without him, and staying on that park
bench to be swallowed by his ravenous form was all that he wanted.

☆

A crude star was carved into the yellowish tar-stained mirror. The
memory of how I had entered the bathroom was long forgotten, if it had
ever been there to begin with. I looked up into the mirror only to jolt
with groggy awareness at the reflection that stared back at me.

My/Mark’s face stared back at me with rows of teeth stretching skin
beyond the point of tearing. My/Mark’s head began to shake in protest at
the sight as My/Mark’s hand clutched into a fist and began pounding
against the mirror’s surface. Each thump of flesh against glass echoed
in my ears as the pounding increased in intensity until Mark’s hand
began to crack the mirror, sending webs of broken lines against the
surface.

“No!” The Face in the mirror mimed as the cracks began to split and
spread into webs of reflections.

“Yes!” Mark screeched in glee as the many fists pounding in each crack
of the mirror grew in speed and intensity.

“I Won’t!” I shouted as my free hand gripped Mark’s many pounding fists
and yanked it down to my side.

I forced my eyes shut and turned on my heels away from the broken
mirror, screams of fury echoing off of the bathroom walls as Mark raged
from behind the splintered prison of the mirror.

“You don’t have a choice anymore,” Mark whispered in my ear as he turned
my body back towards his reflection. “You have already made your choice,
and from now on I will be making all of the decisions. You get to be MY
imaginary friend now.”

“Never!” I whispered as Mark’s hands wrapped around my head and began to
shake his head back and forth. I clutched my eyes tighter together in
protest and shook my head against Mark’s clawing fingers. WIth a burst
of adrenaline I lunged backwards towards where I hoped was the bathroom
door. My body thudded against the wall and tilted to the side, falling
against the bathroom door and out of the bathroom.

With an explosion of light as my nose smacked against the concrete
floor, I pushed myself to my feet and stumbled away from the screaming
voice of Mark that began to grow fainter with every step away I took.

;

I was laying down in a very uncomfortable bed. Voices murmured around me
but none of them made any sense. With the effort of forcing fly paper
apart, I opened my eyes to the sight of a hospital room. Nurses talking
with Sam as I tried to place together a timeline of events. Unable to do
so, I turned my head towards the TV to see ‘The Wizard of Oz’ playing. I
shifted in the bed as I tried to recollect why I was in a hospital bed.

With slow realization the events of my dance with death relayed to me
over the following week. Tears and promises were made but the one thing
that brought the fear of Mark to the forethought of my mind was the
glimmer I saw reflect back towards me. As I looked into my daughter’s
tear filled eyes, I saw the reflection of Mark within the pools of blue
that stared back at me.

My Imaginary Friend isn’t my friend, and I can only he hope he stays far
away from my daughter
