My life’s been really stressful lately. I do R&D at a… Well, let’s just
say it’s a pharmaceutical company, what they make isn’t really relevant.
I do a lot of drug testing, and sometimes things go well, but usually
they don’t. And when they don’t, the people above me start getting
antsy, they start asking me questions, start slapping me with deadlines
as if that’s going to magically make things better. They take away my
break time, they have people watch me work to make sure I’m not making
any mistakes, they limit my bathroom trips to five minutes max before
they start deducting my pay. So, that’s how things have been. Lots of
work, no progress. And as most people do when they’re under a lot of
pressure, I developed a bit of a nervous tic, I started cracking my
knuckles.

Historically I haven’t been much of a cracker, I just sort of started
doing it one day at work, it felt almost… therapeutic. Scientifically
speaking it’s not harmful or anything, so I didn’t give it much thought.
I mean, some people chew their hair when they’re under stress, and then
they end up either throwing up a hairball or dying due to sepsis when
their intestines become totally clogged with hair. Anyway, what I’m
saying is that I didn’t do anything to curtail the knuckle cracking, so
it very quickly became something of a compulsion for me. I was cracking
at work, I was cracking during meetings, I was cracking on the damn
toilet. And look, we could get into the psychology of what drives people
to do these things, but that’s not really the problem here. No, the
problem was what came later.

It had been a couple of weeks, I think, since I’d acquired the tic.
Without warning, my knuckles began to crack on their own. For example, I
would grab a coffee mug, and as I did I would hear that distinct popping
sound, feel something shift in my fingers. At first, I wasn’t really
worried. As you get older, all sorts of strange things happen to your
body. Then it began to spread, like a disease. I could feel a clear…
stiffening in my joints any time I sat down for a while or laid in bed.
And when I got up, said movement would be accompanied by a series of
audible cracks from my shoulders, my knees, my back. As if work wasn’t
bad enough, I began to worry that I was developing some sort of
early-onset arthritis. But there was no pain, and when I visited the
doctor they couldn’t find anything wrong with my body.

With time, the cracking and the clicking became more frequent. My
coworkers began to take notice. I’d walk into the lab in the morning,
creaking like the Tin Man, and be met with these strange looks of fear
and confusion, like Europeans that had just learned about air
conditioning. “What the hell was that noise?” they would say, and all I
could do was try to laugh it off. The higher ups were the ones I had to
be careful around. During meetings, I tried my best not to move a single
muscle, else I might draw the gaze of Sauron. I was, after all, still on
thin ice. But, as often happens, I was ratted out by my own. I was a
distraction to others, HR said, and by putting me on temporary leave
they were just giving me time to sort things out in my personal life.

With that, I suddenly had a lot of free time on my hands. Time to think.
Time to worry. What I was going through, of course, was far from normal.
I couldn’t even walk into a grocery store and buy a carton of eggs
without drawing stares. Children and small animals feared me. I visited
the doctor again, but they were totally puzzled. I went through all
their tests, all their scans, but in the end all they could do was shrug
their shoulders and tell me to get more fiber. Even my friends seemed
uncomfortable when I was around. I began to go out less and less, all
the while afraid that a day might come when the cracking turns to
breaking and my joints simply cease to function.

The days in my apartment felt like torture. It was that sound, that
horrible creaking, every time I so much as moved a muscle. I couldn’t
escape it, and now that I was alone it was hard to just laugh it off.
Plugging my ears did nothing since the sound came from within, like
one’s own heartbeat. Instead, I tried to drown it out with noise,
specifically harsh noise via the works of the musical visionary Masami
Akita. Of course, that didn’t work when I was trying to sleep. Once I’d
found a comfortable position I would try my best not to move out of it,
but even then I’d often wake up to a loud cracking, look at the clock,
and realize that it was two in the morning. My quality of sleep was
poor, to say the least.

Eventually it reached the point where I was only sleeping, well, maybe
two or three hours per night. The cracking woke me up, the lack of sleep
made me more sensitive to the cracking, the cracking woke me up more
often than before, and so it created this feedback loop that seemed like
it could only end in disaster. As a person who works with
pharmaceuticals I knew that trying to medicate myself into a good
night’s sleep was a terrible idea. Instead, I decided, I would tire
myself out through exercise.

There’s a lake near my apartment, and at night the place is totally
deserted. That seemed like a good place to go. And go I went, each night
out to that lake. I ran and I ran, around and around until I felt like I
was going to pass out. When I got back to my apartment, sometimes I
would just collapse on the floor then and there, but what mattered was
that I slept soundly and without interruption. With each passing day I
could feel my sanity returning, and the creaking of my joints bothered
me just a bit less than the day before. In fact, I soon came to a
certain realization. The cracking and the popping, there was something…
beautiful about it. Maybe it was because the acoustics were better out
near that lake, being all open and shit, but each of my joints made a
slightly different sound. The pitch, the timbre of the joint at my left
elbow was not the same as that of my left shoulder, and neither of these
was identical to that of my right hip. And together, with all of my
joints working with their comrades, they formed a symphony. The simple
act of walking - no, my very existence - was musical.

That realization marked the end of my self-imposed exile. Even if others
stared, it didn’t really bother me. They simply didn’t understand, is
what I told myself. Some forms of music are an acquired taste. And as
I’ve explored the melodies my body can produce, I’ve found a new
appreciation for the small things. Putting on a pair of pants, opening a
door, walking up stairs, movements that would mean nothing to the
average person all carry with them a unique tune, a unique texture that
I now find myself looking forward to hearing every single time. Getting
into bed and trying to find a comfortable position, an act that nearly
drove me insane a month ago, now sounds to my ears as though it were a
lullaby.

Only, there’s one other thing. I noticed it the night before last, as I
was lying in bed. I was wiggling around, of course. Once I’d found the
right position I closed my eyes and began to drift away. And yet, in
that silence, I heard something far, far away. A familiar sound, the
sound of cracking and creaking, a melody not unlike the one I’d produced
moments ago. It continued for a few seconds, then stopped. I was
curious, to say the least. Maybe I was imagining things. So, I shifted
around some more. And, as if in response, I heard that sound again, so
distant yet so…  focused? Directed? Whatever it was, it was clearly
aimed at me. The exchange continued for a while after that, and as it
did I could feel my stomach sinking lower and lower. At last I laid
still, but that sound, whatever it was, repeated a few times before
seeming to give up.

I got a call yesterday from my employer, they said they hoped I’d used
my time well and that they were ready to give me another “chance”. I
wasn’t really paying attention. The sounds that I’d heard the night
before - not from me, but from whatever else was out there - that was
all I could really think about. The day, though, it’s far too noisy.
People, cars, birds. All I could do was wait. And as soon as night fell
and all became silent, I leapt into bed and waited. Sure enough, in
response to my own creaking there was a creaking from somewhere distant.
Except, it wasn’t quite as distant as it had been the night before, that
much I’m sure of. And so, as I tried to sleep, my mind was left to race.
The noises that are coming out of my body - the pitches, the patterns -
perhaps they’re some kind of signal. Or maybe they make up a language,
something impossible for you or me to truly understand. If that’s the
case, then, what am I saying, and to whom? The very thought is enough to
paralyze me with fear. But maybe that’s for the better, as long as I’m
not moving.
