I worked the night shift at a supermarket.

It’s as dull as you imagine it to be. Stacking shelves on the dimly lit
shop floor, un-loading the back of trucks, and dragging pallets of
heavy, frozen food in and out of the industrial freezer.

It is boring, uncomfortable and further muddied by the tired haze that
hangs over you, every movement like trudging through a thick mire, with
terrible black coffee being the only thing holding your eyes open.

But, despite it all… I like it. You get in a trance once you’re used to
it, with an audio book in your ear and your head down, blinking through
the heavy haze of your vision until you can see the first rays of
sunlight cresting over the horizon.

You just need to keep putting one foot in front of the other, one at a
time. One and two, one and two. 

 

All this to say that, despite the work, despite the lack of social
interaction aside from the other half-awake zombies, despite the only
slightly higher than minimum wage… I would still be working the night
shift, if it wasn’t for the events of my last night there.

 

I have to take the train to get to work, racing midnight to get to the
station. I wait in the isolated dark of the old building, the first
strikes of rain sounding against the steel roof. I count them as I wait
for my train.

One and two. Pause. One and two.

In the corner of my eye is the flicker of movement. Other people,
waiting for other trains, on other platforms. When I first started
taking the train in the dead of night, I got that old twinge of fear,
like a little kid watching their first horror movie. Figures in the
distance, close enough to see their warm breath against the chill air,
but far away enough to see no details. Half-shadows, standing in the
distance. Waiting.

But now, the ever-present tiredness that follows me is relaxing, in its
own way. I see silhouettes in the distance and I don’t even have the
energy to consider the sinister assumptions our minds make of strangers.

 

I blink and my train is here.

The twenty minutes it takes for me to arrive is covered by the low
hushed voices of my earphones whispering stories of lives I wish I could
live.

The scream of the brakes has my legs standing before my mind tells them
too. I’m at the door as it slides open, and my heavy footsteps lead me
to the store.

The obnoxious sign, bright and cheerful against the dark of the night,
lights my path to the metal door of the staff entrance and the empty
yard where the delivery trucks parked.

I hit the buzzer and wait. For large supermarkets like this, when
closed, the staff have to wait at the electronically sealed door,
hitting a buzzer to send an annoying, loud ringing to the shop floor.
Someone inside would make their way to the door to hit the button on
their side and let me in. I’m early, so I wait alone.

I wait a minute, then two. On the third I hit the button again, holding
it down. It was rude, sure, but I was out in the cold, alone and just as
tired as the person I assumed was slowly shuffling to the button.

 

Another five minutes, and I hear the buzz of the button on the other
side. The ringing must have covered the sound of their footsteps.

I hurriedly push it open.

I step into the small, empty, staff-only area. The faded yellow paint of
the walls reflects the dim overhead lighting, and echoes the sound of
the door slamming and locking behind me.

To my left is the old door leading to the shop floor. The chipped green
paint and rusted hinges would usually give a slow groan from the
slightest movement, but it stands soundless now.

I hear foot steps from the other side. Slow and sluggish movements,
mimicked by every tired worker within the walls of the old building.

One and two. One and two. The slow shuffling echoing down the dark
shelves, growing fainter.

 

This has happened before. The staff starting the night shift being too
busy to greet the person they let in, so after a quick look through the
peephole in the door, they press the button and unceremoniously march
back towards their labour.

I turn to the right, and begin to make my way up to the second floor.
Each step echoes in the store’s usual silence. I pass the store’s main
office on my way to the lounge. Plastered across the door is a printout
showing the forced smiles of the store’s five managers. The head
manager, Greg, was front and centre, put in a place of prominence over
the other four.

The manager on the bottom left of the printout, with the tired eyes and
retreating hairline, is my boss and the manager who was overlooking this
shift. To put it simply, he was an asshole. Stuck up, uncompromising and
always ranting about cars, even after you told him you have no real
interest in cars. Twice.

I mumbled an insult as I passed both it and the staff lockers. I’ve
taken to wearing my uniform during my commute, so I make my way straight
to the employee café. The bitter black coffee tastes like hot mud; the
burn on my tongue does more to keep me awake than the caffeine.

I use my cheap, laminated employee card to clock in and start my shift.
Five minutes early, the most minor of inconveniences for my managers.

I’m meant to start alongside at least four other colleagues, but since
each of them drives to get here, I assume there must have been some road
trouble slowing them down.

I throw another curse as I pass the office door again, and step down the
stairs, one foot at a time. One and two, one and two.

The groan of the green door echoes across the shop floor.

During night shifts the shop floor has minimal lighting. The big, heavy
lights that would usually light up the store during the day were all but
black, with only a handful remaining on at night; just enough to work,
but not enough to impact the bill.

In the distance of the central isle, I think I see someone walking away
from me. I swear I saw their silhouette merging with the dark as they
stepped just out of view, like they walked off-stage through a curtain.

I turn and walk against the edge of the store, following the wall of the
rectangular building. I feel the chill of the freezer section as I pass
it, with the only sounds being the buzz of the lighting between my
steps. One and two, then one and two.

 

The entrance to the warehouse is held open by a fire extinguisher, which
I find a little strange; after all, one of the few things we actually
receive training for is fire safety. I figure someone had just propped
the door open while they unloaded pallets, but the lights were off.

I feel across the left-hand side of the wall, trying to find the light
switch.

The lights should already be on. The staff that locked up the store
should have left them on. Where were the staff that should be here
before me and for the love of God, where the hell is the light switch!?

I find it on the right side of the warehouse.

I flick it and… nothing.

Bollocks.

 

Guess that solves where everyone else is, off trying to fix the lights…

No… no that still doesn’t make sense. How many men does it take to fix a
light? Not a whole night shift team.

 

My terrible joke is interrupted as I spot a reflection from the small
amount of light present in the shop. The thin white light gleams off a
puddle across the warehouse floor.

Shit.

If the lights in the warehouse are off then maybe the power to the
cooler and freezer are too. But if it is, then what the hell can I do?

I grumble and step towards the back of the warehouse, as I trudge
through the puddle, I see the water creeping through the freezer only;
so, the cooler was on at least.

But then that doesn’t line up. Lights off, freezer melting but not the
cooler, so power to the whole warehouse isn’t off…

I hear dripping from the over side of the heavy metal door… drip, drip
and drip, drip. One and two. Pause. One and two.

My hand rises to the handle.

 

Clang!

I jump back, my heart stopping for a brief moment as white-hot panic and
confusion washes over me like a tidal wave.

My breath hitches as I hear it again, a loud bang of something hitting
metal, but not from the door…

The second time I hear it I realise the sound has echoed from beyond the
metal roller shutter at the back of the warehouse. Behind it is the yard
behind the building, and past that the high sharp metal fence
surrounding it.

The third time the sound passes through me, I step towards the door. The
keys are on a hook beside the shutter, to the side of a standard door
out of the warehouse.

I shoulder the door open and peer out into the yard, the distant street
lights illuminating the outside brighter, then… CLANG!

On the other side of the gate is a truck, annoyingly bright green like
the sides of the store. It reflects the white light to reveal it’s
driver, kicking the gate with his heavy boots.

I’d forgotten about the delivery, but there would be another one before
long so I’d need to get this one unloaded and on its way before then.

I let the familiarity of this routine control my steps, as I grab the
keys and move to the gate. One step at a time.

One and two. One and two.

 

The cold night air helps to calm me down; the nervous energy of this
strange night being pushed to the side as I prepare to handle the
mundane problem of an angry truck driver.

“The fuck took you so long?” His voice is sharp and his red face paints
his annoyance just as clearly. The man is shorter than me but not by
much, his grey stubble reminds me of my uncle and his shaved head gleams
from the street lights behind him.

I fumble to find the right key on the chain for the padlock, “Sorry,
we’ve got some power problems, freezer is shot and I haven’t seen anyone
else since I got here”.

His face stays curled in a sneer. “Not my problem, I’ve got four more
stores to get too tonight you know?”

If he wanted to turn this into an argument, I didn’t want to give him
the opportunity. I find the right key, unlock the gate, swing it open
and wait for him to drive in.

I have to wait for him to swing the truck around, then reverse in place
outside the roller shutter. My eyes wander from street light to street
light, then to the upper windows of the store.

The faint yellow light stands contrast to the black sky. And I think I
see a shadow against the wall inside…

It’s standing there… I suppose that should make me feel better. Now I
know where at least one of my colleagues is.

But they just stand there. I see the shadow’s arm move, like it’s rising
to the glass… tap, tap and tap, tap.

One and two. One and two.

 

The honk of the truck’s horn snaps my eyes away from the window, the red
face of the driver leans out door window, glaring at me as he leans on
the horn. Rude.

I close the gate and spare a glance at the window again, still there.
Too far away to identify any familiar features, yet I feel like they’re
looking at me…

I lock the gate.

I walk back to the door. If the driver said anything, then I didn’t hear
him. I put the key back on the hook and press the button to raise the
roller shutter. The driver grumbles something as he unlatches the truck.

He shoves the shutter up unceremoniously and looks at me expectantly.

I’m too tired to meet his eyes so I glance inside the truck, six full,
heavy pallets that need off the truck, and I’m still the only person in
the warehouse to do it. Not the first time this has happened.

 

The truck driver glances at the warehouse behind him, then back to me.
“Where’s the rest?” he grumbles.

I move to wheel out the pallet truck, “Like I said, haven’t seen anyone.
If you want this to go faster, then head up to the lounge and send them
down”, I grumble in return.

He makes a face like he found a lemon in the gap of his teeth, but still
marches out of the warehouse.

I hear his steps echo from the shop floor.

One and two. One and two.

I drag the first pallet out by the time the sound disappears into the
distance, I place it in the far end of the warehouse to make space for
the others.

Then, I hear a squelch.

I glance down; the puddle from the freezer has travelled deeper into the
warehouse.

I stare at it, closer to the door now. The pale light from the shop
floor allows me to see more details.

It’s colour.

 

My heart, pauses then beat, beat and beat, beat.

The echoing drip, drip and drip, drip.

My steps, one and two. One and two.

 

I raise my hand to the handle.

It clicks and slides to the left, the sound like a high wind, as the
ice-cold air hits the room.

The lights are bright.

I see crates and boxes shoved together at the far wall of the freezer. I
don’t give myself the chance to count my steps this time.

I blink and my hands are moving the boxes to the side.

Drip, drip and drip, drip.

 

Your mind can fill in the gaps as to what I found. Your imagination can
conjure thousands of images of what would be the scariest thing you
could find there.

Later, they told me it was six of them. Twisted, jammed, crumbled and
shoved into a tangled ball of limbs and faces.

My manager’s face stares at me with eyes that can’t see me anymore. His
jaw loose like the shoes of a hanged man, and lips mostly frozen, leak
crimson. As it falls…

Drip, drip and drip, drip.

 

One, two, three, four and five, I sprint mad and frantic out of the
freezer and to the warehouse door.

I reach for the keys on the hook. Gone. I feel my insides turn to water.
The fire door! I realise and a second later I’m slamming into it. One,
two, nothing. Three times I try, but it doesn’t budge an inch.

I stagger back, my breath heavy, but over the sound of my panic, I hear
footsteps from the shop floor.

One and two. One and two.

Slow and calm. Confident, with the weight of inevitability. I turn to
the open door of the warehouse to the shop floor.

The same silhouette I saw earlier moves in the distance.

I’m trapped here. No way out of the warehouse aside from the door to the
shopfloor, closer to the silhouette.

I either risk running closer to whatever this is or try hiding in the
warehouse.

I waited a heartbeat to make my decision.

I ran.

 

One and two. I spin on my heel, running down the edge of the shelf
isles. I hear the steps behind me. One and two. One and two. If I
surprised it by running this way, then it doesn’t show.

I run to the green door I had entered through. The old hinges scream as
I pull it open. The lights are dead but I know the exit is ahead of me.
I slam into it, feeling on the left for the button to open it.

I hear the echo again. One and two. One and two. My fingers find the
button and press it a dozen times for each step. Nothing.

The stairs! I get half way up before I stumble. I scurry to get back up,
but in between my loud, echoing footsteps, I hear the soft one and two.
One and two. Only this time, it was above me.

I push myself against the wall, hand over my mouth to hide my rapid
breathing. I listen to the sounds above me and I realise that the sound
from the shopfloor is still getting closer. One and two. One and two.

 

Panic. Pure, all-consuming panic runs through me. I’m shaking, pale and
more awake than I have in the last two years working these shifts.

Closer now, on both sides. I look around, half way up an empty
staircase. No windows and the closest door jammed.

My eyes keep sweeping back and forth. They lock on to the banister and
the gap between the upper and lower parts of the staircase. It’s a bad
idea, a really bad idea, but panic overrules reason.

I swing my legs over the banister and drop down the gap. It’s tight and
I get stuck half way down and have to shuffle down the rest until only
my fingers remain at the bottom of the banister.

Pain. Flashing from the tips of my fingers, my nails scape against the
paint of the metal. I feel one split.

The old green door screams.

One and two. One and two. One and two and one and two and one and two
and one and two and one and two and one and two and one and two and one
and two and one and two and one and two.

 

The footsteps pass me, and another nail splits. I hear them stop at the
top of the staircase and for the first time, there’s a pause in their
rhythm.

 

I wait and feel the first split nail tear and my body sags closer to the
ground. The fall isn’t far, but it would make a sound.

So, I wait and listen. I hear the door at the top of the stairs open.
Another pause.

The silence is a comfort but also a tearing rope I’m clinging too,
waiting to see if it or my grip breaks first.

BANG!

The sound of glass shattering and half a second later the loud thug of
something large and wet hitting and then splitting on the staircase.

Drip, drip and drip, drip.

The blood runs over the edge, it hits my face and drips down to my nose.

I smell the iron of the man I sent up there.

 

I wait, one moment, then another. The white-hot pain at my fingertips
gives my mind something else to focus on.

Then the footsteps move again, and by the grace of God they move away
from me. My grip starts to slip, my hands slick with the driver’s blood.

I cling for as long as I can, hoping that the things taking those steps
are far enough away to not hear my fall.

I let go.

Steeling myself to keep my fall as controlled as I can, I land and hope
beyond hope that the lack of sound is from them being far enough away
and not them pausing to turn back around.

I need to find a way out… If one fire door was stuck, then I don’t want
to risk another one. If I try and break a window, I’d need something
heavy and to drag it around without being noticed. The front doors are
locked and the key…

The manager’s office! Right above, if I can grab the key and get to the
front door… But, I don’t have the code for the alarm… If I can get to
the door with the key, I can get out. That needs to be enough.

I push my way through the narrow gap of the banisters. I barely feel the
squeeze of the painted metal over my ribs; my fingers are still numb,
but the faint edges of pain are emerging from the tips.

I look up the stairs and lock eyes with the body of the man thrown
through the window. He’s crumpled like scrap paper. I feel something
acidic hit the back of my throat when I see a bone protruding from a
limb, the form too mangled for me to tell if it’s his arm or his leg.

I stare at my feet as I go, avoiding the broken glass and stepping over
the mess that was a man that I had spoken too less then ten minutes ago.
I sent him here…

The second flight of the stairs shields my eyes from him, but reveals
the broken widow that over looks the staircase. I duck low and peer
inside. Nothing, no hint of light.

I hold my breath and listen. No footsteps… Either they moved away from
here or are waiting… They could be looking right at me, their
silhouettes hidden in a blanket of darkness and I would be none the
wiser.

I keep myself low to the ground, slowly crawling my way to the door.
Thankfully, it’s newer than the one below, so the only sound it makes is
the soft click, as I turn the handle, my shoulder on the door. I lean to
slowly open it.

A few feet away is the managers office. I creep into the room fully now,
keeping myself pressed to the door in an attempt to muffle any sound of
it closing.

Clink.

I wait, listening.

Nothing.

Another pause and still nothing.

 

I repeat the whole process on the door to the managers office. Behind
the cheap desk on the right-hand wall is the metal hook holding the
keys. The jingle they make as I take them is overshadowed by the
footsteps behind the door.

One and two. One and two.

I duck low behind the desk, my hand flying up to cover my mouth so fast
I feel the impact on my teeth.

When I hear the click of the handle, I scurry under the desk.

I hear the steps echo as they move deeper inside the room, I feel my
chest go taut with the effort of holding my breath.

It moves. I count the steps.

One and two. One and two.

Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale.

In time with the steps lazily moving through the room I breathe. My
chest burns with the effort of sustaining on short breaths.

My heartbeat in my ears is so loud, I’m sure that it must hear me.

 

It moves away and out through the door, and I feel the blood from my
fingertips run down my cheek.

I barely have the energy to wait for the echo to travel away before I
need to regulate my breathing, my heavy breaths close to turning into
sobs.

I’m light headed as I move out of the office and back down the stairs,
nearly stumbling over the body. I stand in front of the old, green door.

The old, green, bastard door.

I can’t open it… Not without letting it scream out a siren call, drawing
in those silhouettes and whatever else is behind those shelves.

If I slam it open and run, I need to make it about twenty fast paces to
get to the first set of glass doors at the entrance. After that, there’s
the second set of doors, and fumbling with the keys between them… Not an
option. I have to take this slow.

I grab the handle and slowly press down. With a deep breath I slowly
peel the door open. The slow groan of the hinges rings louder in my ears
than any alarm.

I pause and listen. On the edges of my hearing I think I hear the
distant footsteps, but I can’t tell if they’re moving closer or further.

I pry the door open just enough to squeeze through. Keeping my shoulder
against the door, I slowly close it behind me. The lights of the shop
floor are off now.

 

I lower myself to the ground, thinking it will somehow makes my
footsteps less noticeable.

The distant footsteps are clearer now, coming from the other end of the
shop floor, moving, growing lighter as I listen, its moving across the
edges of the store.

Patrolling.

And it will be here soon.

My hands are slick with my blood as I raise the key to the door, placing
it in. I take a deep breath and listen.

One and two. One and two.

I count the steps and wait until they are coming from the furthest
corner of the store.

My hand on the key and another deep breath.

Then I hear the groan of the green door.

One and two. One and two.

I turn the key and the alarm blares.

One, two three and one two three.

I shove the sliding door open and pull the key out.

One, two three, four and one two three four.

I run into the foyer and slam into the final glass door.

One two three four five six seven eight and one two three four five six
seven eight.

I fumble with the key. It slips from my hand and I feel something crash
into my back.

My body explodes through the glass and I hit the ground with dull thud;
I feel broken glass against my palms. It bites into me as I push my body
up, my back flares with pain but I make my legs move anyways, slipping
once under shards of glass. Still, I rise and try to sprint, but my body
can only manage a fast limp.

I move through the parking lot, falling once and landing on my shoulder.
Then I’m up and moving again, before falling to the floor once I can’t
see the bright sign of the store behind me.

I don’t know how long I stayed on the cold concrete. I was barely able
to keep my eyes open when the headlights of a car scorched my vision. I
felt a hand on my shoulder and a voice, familiar.

It was Greg.

 

I was in an ambulance an hour later. Speaking to Greg and the police, I
just kept repeating that there was a break-in.

The interview after is hard to remember. It was filled with questions
I’d considered pointless, each asked with a voice steeped in false
sympathy.

Could I describe the individuals?

No.

How many did I believe where there on that night?

At least two.

Did you notice any expensive items or cash from the tills missing?

No.

Did you notice any other signs of your co-workers?

Just the dead bodies in the freezer.

 

I wasn’t officially let go, but they didn’t ask why I didn’t arrive at
my usual shifts once the store reopened. The letter that came later made
it official.

I still work in retail, just doing the usual day shift now. Different
store, different coworkers and different managers. Same nightmares,
however.

At night, sometimes I stand at my door, counting the steps going past my
door.

One and two. One and two.
