I’m posting this here because I’ve tried everywhere else. Any other
website seems to swallow it. Seconds after I post, they just vanish,
like I never hit enter. I even copied a post to reupload it and it still
disappeared.

My landlord enters my home, beelines for the 2nd floor bathroom, and
then leaves after an hour. He never turns on the light, never makes any
noise, and never says anything.

The first time it happened, I was so late on a project I damn near
tossed my mug at him, before I realized who it was. I followed him up to
the bathroom and waited. I sat there for an hour and nearly missed my
deadline when he popped out, left without a word, and not so much as a
glance my way.

If he weren’t family, I would have already called the police. But my
landlord—Great Uncle Jim—is a relative.

He lives about a 15 minute hike uphill from me, in a small cabin on a
plateau in the southern Appalachian mountains. Fifteen minutes south is
where I’ve been staying, a two‑story house with a cabin‑style exterior.

The inside is more like a modern townhouse. Carpeted floors, granite
countertops, red wood trim. Honestly, it’s worth way more than what I’m
paying. The only reason I’m paying anything at all is because Jim tried
to let me stay for free if I helped him move wood down to his shop in
town, and I refused.

I don’t make a ton of money, but remote data entry pays enough that I
couldn’t– in good conscience, stay for nothing. So we settled on $300 a
month, and I’d help chop, haul, and stock firewood for his shop.

I’m getting away from the point aren’t I?

It’s been 2 months now. Every night, at 3:21. I’ve tried locking the
doors– the front door, bathroom door, every door in the house, he gets
through. I’ve tried talking to him, even stopping him myself, and
nothing seems to work. He doesn’t acknowledge me at all.

I’m tired, I’m behind on so many work projects. I’ve had to reschedule
my entire life around Jim’s odd shitting habits. I don’t know how much
more of this I can take.

Is there anything I can do? Technically, I’m not even a legal tenant,
and he’s family. I don’t know what I’m allowed to do about this and I
just want it to stop.

It’s 3 in the morning as I’m typing this, I think I’m going to sit
inside the bathroom this time. I need to know why this has happened
every single night for the last 57 days of my life. I need to know why
he never even looks my way.

He waited for me…

I ended up falling asleep mid typing in the tub. Woke up at 4:30, almost
forgot why I was in the bathroom until I opened the door to a dead stare
from him. It shot through me. To call it a thousand yard stare would be
disingenuous, but I have no idea how to put into words what his eyes
pierced me with. How does one describe a look beyond distance, or depth?

I’m back in my room now, besides his eyes – beaming at me like the
headlights of an oncoming truck – he didn’t acknowledge me at all. Jim
walked past me into the bathroom and clicked the lock.

Please, if anyone is reading this, I need help.

What can I do here?
