I’ve lived in LA my entire adult life. I Just turned 27 this year. I’ve
partied in LA the entire time I’ve been here- that’s what I came for, I
didn’t come to be an actress, or a musician or a fucking model. I came
to party with famous people, wake up the next morning, and do it all
over again. You could call it my job. Newly famous people contact me
cause they want to throw a rager, cause that’s what you do, you follow
your “dreams” your “dreams” pay you a shit ton of money and you buy a
house in the hills and you call me. Cause I know everyone there is to
know, and I know exactly what makes it fun.

It used to be me and Scarlett, now it’s just me, Anna. She doesn’t have
fun anymore. I actually don’t know what she’s doing. She just up and
left our beautiful apartment we shared in Beachwood Canyon and I haven’t
heard from her since. She said “fuck you, Anna. I’m out” Okay, not
really but basically.

Anyways, I get a call from some streamer… or influencer? Tik-Toker? I
don’t know what the fuck he is honestly, point is, he got a lil bit of
money in his pocket and he wants to throw a party. Now, he doesn’t have
“enough” money in his pocket cause he bought a house out in Encino! You
can’t party there! That’s for families and doctors, and whatever the
fuck. Not this. So I’m skiddish, cause I respect the community but I
entertain him- He offered me 10k to help him out so I ask him who’s
going to be there so far? He says a few names I’ve never heard of then
he says Scarlett. Can’t be my Scarlett.

I ask “Scarlett who?”

He says “Mxxxxx.”

Fuck. It is my Scarlett. That bitch is back outside and she didn’t even
tell me. So now I have to go. Give her a piece of my mind. You don’t
just walk all over me without hearing about it.

I tell him I’ll be there, yada yada and here I am, in Encino, standing
by the infinity pool. I littered the place with a lot of make shift
celebrities. Some dating show stars, a few rising musicians, some actors
and TOBEY MAGUIRE! FUCKING SPIDER-MAN cause that’s my guy. HE knows how
to have a good time.

It’s going, people are having fun, doing all the things you expect. I’m
not. I’m not here for that. I’m here for Scarlett. Funny enough, I never
met the streamer guy- Nacho is his name. Even now, I still haven’t seen
him.

I go inside, the DJ is doing his thing, everyone is feeling it. I grab a
drink cause every person I see in here is not Scarlett so I figured I’d
stop being a bitch and try and enjoy myself. The Bartender eye fucks me,
which I’m used to, but he’s cauute. Tall, dark and handsome.

I don’t talk to men first so if he wants to –

“Do I know you?” he says.

No. No you don’t.

“I don’t know, do you?” I respond.

He smiles then

“You look familiar, how long you been in LA?”

Longer than you.

“This is home.” I say.

“So you’re from here?”

“No. But this’ll be my tenth year, next month. You?”

My drink is getting low. He immediately refills it. He will be getting a
GOOD tip.

“Born and raised.”

He makes me another drink. Lemon Drop Martini to be specific.

“I’m a transplant compared to you, huh?” I respond.

“No, you’re one of us.” He says, even lets out a little cute giggle.

I smile, showing all teeth. I’m partly embarrassed thinking about it.
Definitely tipsy.

Someone pulls him away, so I scan the room again, searching the crowd
for Scarlett who very well could not look like what I remember, So I’m
thinking, I wasted my time with this whole thing. If the girl wanted to
talk to me, she would have by now.

“I do know you!” tall dark and handsome says from behind me.

“What makes you say that?” I respond.

He leans in close like he’s about to kiss me or something and says with
a whisper –

“You’re the girl from that Bieber party a few years back right”

He rears back with a smile. That isn’t so charming anymore. It’s
disgusting. I’m shaking at the thought of this conversation.

“Can you do that for me?” he asks.

I smile, compose myself. Stop my tremor, and chuck the martini in his
face.

“Fuck you.” I say.

Then walk away, I maneuver through the crowd of people who stare at me
as if I was god, I’m not taking shit from anyone. Ever. Fuck him and
fuck that.

I make it to the living room. Take a deep breath. I have to get out of
here. I got my money and this shit is lame. I walk towards the front
door when I see it clear as day.

Scarlett. Her blonde hair, prettier than I remember. She’s glowing. And
here I was thinking she was homeless or something. I call out for her

“Scarlett! Scarlett!”

She doesn’t respond. Just disappears into the basement, which is weird
cause she knows just like myself.

RULE #1: NEVER GO INTO A BASEMENT ALONE.

If there was a codebook for people like me, that’d be plastered on the
front fucking page.

“Hey! It’s Anna” I yell.

To deaf ears. I chase after her, moving through these dancing drunks who
do everything in their power to be IN MY WAY!

I push them out of the way, and grab hold of the doorknob. I’m really
about to break my own rule. Ugh.

I turn it and walk inside. A small staircase greets me, I walk down it
to find the whole thing. It’s nice, clearly decorated by a man from the
sports memorabilia to the vintage playboy mags on the coffee table in
front of the hundred inch tv.

No one’s down here.

Then I hear it, the CLICK of another door. I hurry to it to find a
tattered, wooden door- like all doors are wood but this is like raw wood
and weird. It just closed. Scarlett had to go down there.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. FUCK! Okay. Okay. Okay.

She DEFINITELY wouldn’t walk into whatever this might be for no reason.
She needs help. I know it. I feel it.

Deep breath. Okay.

I turn the knob and… what the hell is this?

A long steep marble staircase with doors and doors on both sides as you
walk down. And Scarlett near the bottom.

’“SCARLETT!” I yell.

“I know you hear me!”

She doesn’t respond, she just keeps walking. I jog after her, each door
I pass, I hear grunts, moans, and screams? So this is a sex dungeon.

Gross.

I’m almost at the end of the staircase when I step in some black liquid,
looks like motor oil? It leaks out of the door to my left. I try to open
the door but it’s locked. Whatever.

I reach the bottom of the staircase and it’s like a cavern. A legitimate
fucking cave.

There she is. Still walking. She opens another door. Pristine like the
rest. Smack dab in the middle of this cave.

As she walks in, she turns to me. We lock eyes and I see it.

Something’s wrong. Her eyes told me. Any woman could see it.

Then from the way I came, A man emerges from the door towards the
entrance. He steps out screaming. I see deep gashes along his naked body
then he’s RIPPED back inside the room.

Jesus Christ, I don’t think I can do this.

I didn’t come this far in my life to get murdered in some streamers
weird cave. No. Absolutely not.

Then I hear it.

“Anna?!”

It’s Scarlett. She’s calling for me. Fuck.

“Help me, please.” she says, so feint.

And that’s why I type all of this to ask; should I save her? Or leave
her to whatever this is.

“Don’t let them know you’re here…” Scarlett whispers.

The door at the top of the steps opens, someone’s coming. I rush forward
and tuck myself away so they don’t see me.

Hurry. I don’t have much time…
