“I’m thinking about going clean,” a funny thing for Andy to say as he
carefully weighed out the white powder I eagerly awaited.
“Oh yeah, and do what? Can’t imagine a coke dealer has that many
transferable skills.”
“Fuck you Dan, you know I have a degree in chemistry. Anyway, Coke
dealer does have a lot of transferable skills: sales, marketing,
customer service.” He wrapped the powder in the plastic wrap that
divided it from the scale, wrapping a rubber band around the pillow to
keep it closed. “I got a bid in with the water processing plant; I’ve
devised a cheaper purification system.”
“What am I gonna do then?” I played with the hem of my shirt, half
frustrated in losing my dealer, half anxious to get so high I no longer
thought of Dana, or the sisyphean task of lab work. Finally, Andy held
out his hand for his money, handing the cash to him. I greedily took the
powder, hands shaking as I slid the baggy into my jacket pocket. “I’ll
see you later, Andy.” I was giddy at the idea of returning home. Perhaps
Andy could see the excitement gleaming in my otherwise world-weary eyes.
“Yeah, see ya later, Dan,” he fell silent for a second before adding,
“You know Dana is right; you need to cut back, man.”
“If you’re telling me, it’s got to be true.” I gave him a chuckle as I
tried to hide the flash of anger in my eyes. How dare he mention her to
me; how dare he tell me what I’m doing is wrong when it paid for him to
go to college, through continued patronage. I tried not to slam the door
behind me as a tempest began to brew within my mind. They don’t
understand; the lab work was grueling, eight hours a day I was expected
to perform with automaton-like accuracy and efficiency, and that was
before I got to actually paying bills and spending time with my loved
ones. There were so many hours in a day, and the cocaine allowed me to
use them all.

Anyway, Dana also did coke; even worse, she was the one who introduced
me to Andy. How could she just come into my life, fall in love, and then
just throw me away because of what she had done to me? She was the true
hedonist, the one who had been dedicated to chasing dopamine, the person
who had introduced the concept of procrastination to me.
Anger was perhaps the greatest of distractions because before I knew it,
I came face to face with a familiar faded green steel door. I thrust the
key into the lock, letting myself into my apartment. I flicked on the TV
while I grabbed a hand mirror and booted up my computer. A fat line and
a few games of Overwatch would set me right. My nose burned in
anticipation as the particulate shot up into my sinuses. My nose went
numb; finally, the burst of energy hit me, and the concept of Dana was
gone. I was totally locked on to my game. The colors on screen flickered
across my glazed eyes as I entered a flow state, focused only on weaving
in and out of the backline. Before I knew it, I had done a quarter of my
bag, and it was 3 AM. I thought about sleeping on the couch, but instead
I forced myself to stand. Perhaps I stood too fast, because as I turned,
I whited out. Falling in slow motion toward the couch, I was greeted by
an unfamiliar slimy, water-filled cushion. My eyes shot open at this new
stimulus. They stung and my vision blurred as if in seawater. The putrid
smell of half-rotten seaweed invaded every centimeter of my sinuses. The
couch beneath me was not mine; it was some form of sea moss. Above me,
bioluminescent fungus grew down from the ceiling, illuminating the room.
Finally, my lungs registered that it had been too long since the last
breath; my mouth opened to suck in air, but instead, my lungs filled
with seawater. The pain caused me to black out, falling back into the
clump of moss.

The sun shining in through my window eventually stirred me. The scent of
sea breeze filled my nostrils with my first breath. My eyes took a
moment to adjust to the searing brightness of the morning. I was still
curled up on the couch where I had fallen last night. It was no longer
made of sea moss, and the ceiling light and fan had returned to normal,
yet the stench persisted in my nostrils, refusing to let me forget the
dream. I stumbled off the couch, managing to keep my faculties about me
this time. I sidled over to the coffee pot where the remnants of
yesterday’s coffee sat waiting for me. The small clock on the device
read 11:37 AM.
“Shit, Dr. Hauser is gonna kill me if I’m late again.” I had 23 minutes
to get to campus. I skipped the shower and breakfast; instead, I took a
bump to wake me up and ran out the door. If I was quick, I could make it
just on time.

“Late again, Dan.” I could hear the disdain in his voice as I pushed my
way into Dr. Hauser’s office. The emaciated, balding, middle-aged man
sat behind his desk, picking a piece of lunch out of his unkempt beard.
The way his nostrils flared told me I had carried a stench with me into
his office.
“I’m sorry, I had another late night.” I grumbled at him while I pulled
my laptop out of my backpack. 
“In the lab I hope.”
“I spent all day yesterday in lab, I just couldn’t unwind last night and
it kept me up, not to mention a very strange dream once I did fall
asleep.”
I could see his glare soften. “Look Dan, I can tell you are going
through it right now. I’m here to help but I can only do that if you put
forth the effort too. Do you have any new data?”
I glance down at my laptop screen at the disorganized LaTeX notebook,
“Um no, I haven’t been able to find any meaningful correlation in my
data. I’ve been thinking about trying to collect another round but I
just want to be sure that what I have is meaningless.”
“Well have you at least written something for your Thesis? You could at
least write on the background information.” The vein on his head began
to throb as he spoke.
“Sorry Doctor Hauser, I’ve tried but I just can’t seem to put anything
down.”
Dr. Hauser gave a large exhale at that. “Dan, have you thought about
taking a break? Clearly something is not working here. It’s ok to take
some time off to figure it out, then you can come back as the old Dan
who was one of my top students.”
I was certain he could see the flash of my temper behind my eyes as he
made that suggestion. “Dr. Hauser, I’m not sure having less to do will
actually help. I know I’m struggling to focus, but if I didn’t have my
work I’d just focus on those things that are making things worse.”
“Dan, sometimes you need to focus on those ‘things that make things
worse’” Dr Hauser, used air quotes as he said that. “If you don’t they
will just keep weighing you down. I’m not sure exactly what’s going on
in your personal life, and you don’t need to tell me but you do need to
figure it out if you are going to get your PhD.”
“No really, I need my work, otherwise I will fall down into those
feelings.”
“See Dan, that’s the problem. Please trust me, we will hold your work
for you. You can spend the time figuring out whatever is going on, and
at the beginning of the summer you can come back better than ever.” The
vein on his forehead had receded, and  Dr. Hauser was beaming at me as
he ended that sentence.
“I mean I guess, but what does that mean for my stipend?”
“Unfortunately, we won’t be able to provide you with the stipend for
this semester, but I can guarantee you that we can get you back on it
when you come back.”
I did some quick mental math to determine exactly how long I could live
on my savings. I guess Dr Hauser could see my face contorting as I did
because he added. “I believe you will still be able to see a therapist
on campus. The school is here to support you as you figure things out.”
“Just not financially” I had to get that jab in.
“Unfortunately, money is tied to enrollment status.” He gave his best
attempt at a consolatory smile, yet all I could see was the Cheshire
cat.
Wanting very much to be out of there and erase the mocking grin from my
mind’s eye. I finally acquiesce to his request. “Fine, if you think it’s
for the best, send me the paperwork.”
“Alright Dan, I can send them over right now,” He tapped away at his
keyboard briefly before a notification hit my phone. “And Dan, please
stay in contact, you won’t be enrolled but you’ll still be my student.”
The smile he offered now was warming, and almost reminded me of Dana.
“I will, if I don’t have to go into the lab then I guess I’ll head home
and get some rest to make up for last night.”
“You do that Dan, and just make sure to get that paperwork done by the
end of the week.” Dr. Hauser stood to see me out, clasping my shoulder
in what he thought was a warm gesture but felt more domineering. 

Luckily, the unisex bathroom on the first floor wasn’t occupied. Locking
the door behind me, I pull my mirror out of my bag, cutting a line with
my student ID. Why the fuck had Dr. Hauser reminded me of Dana? It
ultimately didn’t matter as soon the warm ecstasy would engulf me. I
decided to treat myself, railing a second line before washing my hands
for appearance and slipping out of the bathroom and neuroscience
building into an unseasonably warm rain.
The massive drops of water seemed to be warmer than the air as they
blotted onto the sidewalk around me. As I walked, I looked at the trees
as they were battered by the deluge. The branches recoiled from every
drop, creating a constant motion that reminded me of sea anemones.
Before long, I noticed myself kicking up water with every step. The
flood was advancing quickly; in the few minutes it had taken me to walk
off the quad, two and a half inches of standing water had accumulated,
and not just where I stood but everywhere I could see. A car drove past
me, spewing a wave of saltwater over me. Behind the wheel, the driver
wore some kind of mask, one with many tentacles. By the time the wave
had broken over me, the car was gone, and now I stood in knee-high warm
water; below me, the water was alive with small fish, crabs, and even a
few starfish. It reminded me very much of the tide pool exhibits at the
aquarium.
Finally, I stood at the top of the hill right over my apartment
building; now the water rose to my chest. I began to panic, worried I
would drown, until a deep calm came over me as the water reached my
chin. The first breath of seawater burned just like it had in my dream,
but the second was indistinguishable from air.
My apartment building had miraculously traded it concrete for coral. The
image was unclear in the water, but I was certain that the walls were no
longer the perfectly smooth construction it was a few hours earlier. I
expected the inside of the building to contain air so that I might get
rid of the awful taste of sea water, but instead I was greeted by a
current of even warmer water as I pushed through the odd slimy flagella
that had replaced the revolving doors. I swam up the stairs to the third
floor to find the familiar green door of my apartment, although it now
had barnacles encrusted on its edges. My key still seemed to open the
door despite all the fresh construction the building had undergone.
Pushing through the door, I drop my backpack before I turn to fully face
the room. I am greeted with the same space from my dream last night. I
emit an aggressive set of bubbles in surprise. I bring my hands to my
face to rub my eyes because at this point I know I must be hallucinating
and Andy must have given me something laced; asshole. As I pulled my
hand away from my face, a new figure was present in my water-logged
apartment. A large cephalopod with the body of an octopus but with two
longer tentacles that hung well below its body, one clutched a metal
tablet while the other was being used for locomotion. It still further
had a gaggle of smaller tentacles directly beneath its body that gave
the impression of an unkempt beard. Its skin color was slowly pulsing
between a deep blue and red; the splotches of color formed and moved
similar to a lava lamp. Behind two clear eyelids lay a pair of my own
eyes: blue-green human irises.

The cephalopod had finally properly taken notice of me. From its beard
of tentacles came a deluge of bubbles. They came and went almost as if
they were trying to talk to me. The bubbles also coincided with rapid
color changes across the body, from the splotchy purple tones it had
originally to neon yellow, solid black, and deep red. The skin flickered
and tessellated so quickly I could not register all the changes; in some
moments it disappeared into the water. It began to advance toward me,
pushing itself along with both of its longer arm tentacles, until we
were eye to eye. I squirmed as I made eye contact with my own eyes in
the head of the creature. It studied my face—the untrimmed beard that I
had been growing since Dana had dumped me, the ever-growing forehead as
my hair receded. As the creature ran my eyes over me, I began to notice
how similar we looked. He too had a large forehead and an unkempt beard;
even its structure looked a bit like my round cheeks. It was then that
he raised his tentacle to my face, brushing the hair of my beard. This
sent such a shock through me that I lost consciousness, falling forward
through the water slowly at first, but then I thudded into my wooden
floor hard, jolted back into conscious life. I was laying in my own dry
apartment. I could feel the warmth of a bruise forming on my right cheek
where I had met the ground. I pushed myself up, turned around, and
locked the door behind me.
