My husband was a fisherman. A few days ago, he left for a solo fishing
trip and still hadn’t returned. The evening he left, dark clouds formed
atop the ocean, and that night it rained hell. 

On the fourth day after he left, the storm had only intensified. My mind
ran in circles. I didn’t even grab my jacket before running onto the
beach. My feet sank into the mud. The wind blew me from side to side. I
hoped to find something of his, anything, but the beach was bare. I fell
to my knees in the cold sand and prayed to the ocean, the storm –
anything that could bring my husband back.

I wiped the tears off my face and walked through the mud back to our
house. There I took a shower. Under the hot water, I imagined my husband
holding me.

I only got out of the shower after the hot water ran out. I stood in the
kitchen, drying my hair, when the door opened. The towel flew out of my
hands. My husband stood in the doorway, still in his fishing gear, his
skin almost gray from the cold.

“Harold!”

I ran to him and hugged him. He was so cold.

“Come, come in.”

I shut the door behind him, took him to the heater, and helped him out
of his clothes. They were soaked through and entangled with algae and
seaweed.

“Are you okay, my love? What happened?”

“I…I don’t know,” he said slowly, his voice deep as if something were
stuck in his lungs.

“Do you need a doctor? I’ll go get him.”

“No, stay.”

“Okay, my love.”

I brought him a basin of hot water and some warm soup. His face relaxed
when he put his feet into the water, but when I tried to give him the
soup, he refused. The room now smelled like dead fish and salty water.

“But you need to eat.”

“Later.”

“So at least some coffee?” 

I took his favorite coffee mug out of the cupboard.

“I don’t drink coffee.”

“You’ve been drinking coffee every day for the past twenty years.”

My poor man was probably just confused.

“Okay.”

I made him a cup, but he didn’t hold it like he usually did. He just put
it on the windowsill and turned his chair toward the window, looking out
at the ocean. 

Unease grew in my chest, but I left him alone, sat in my chair, and
knitted. I couldn’t even imagine what my poor man had gone through.

The storm raged on. I kept knitting, and Harold kept looking out the
window. After a while, I gave him some clothes. He seemed uncomfortable
in them but put them on anyway.

As night fell, he was still by the window; his skin was still gray.

“I’m going to sleep. You want to come too?”

“No. I’ll stay.”

“You sure?”

“Yes.”

“Okay, I’ll leave the heat on.”

He didn’t reply. I went to bed and tried to sleep, but I kept rolling
from side to side, thinking of what must have happened to my poor
Harold. 

The storm outside started to die down. I decided to go out and check on
him. He stood by the chair in his shirt and boxers, staring into the
ocean.

“You okay?”

“They’re waiting.”

“Who?”

“Them. The storm is dying. We need to go.”

He opened the door and walked out into the rain.

“Harold, wait!”

“Come. To the beach.” His voice was livelier in the rain; his stride was
faster.

I quickly put on a jacket and rubber boots and walked after him.

“Molly, come. They’re waiting for us.”

“Harold, please, talk to me.”

My heart pounded against my ribs. The rain slowed to a drizzle. The
clouds started to part. Harold ran into the water and looked back at me,
smiling from ear to ear.

“Come, my love, come.”

“Harold, what’s going on? Please talk to me.”

“Just come. It will be alright. You’ll know everything. They’ll tell
you.”

“Who are you talking about, Harold? I’m scared.”

“You don’t have to be, Molly.”

“Come back inside, Harold, please.”

The wind blew by. My body shivered. Only a few raindrops fell.

“You have to go now, my love, fast.”

“No.”

His smile twisted into a frown. He furrowed his brow and walked out of
the water.

“Harold, stop all this.”

I tried to move away, but he was so fast. He grabbed my hand and dragged
me toward the water.

“Harold, stop, please. I’m scared.”

“There’s no time.” His voice sounded like his lungs were full of water.

“Harold!”

He didn’t answer. I tried to bury my feet in the sand and push him away,
but his grip was too tight.

“Please!”

We were almost by the water. I scratched his hand. Flakes that looked
like scales stuck under my nails. His feet reached the water; I was
still a few feet away. One last raindrop fell on my head, the wind
stopped, the clouds parted. 

His grip vanished. So did Harold. Only algae and jellyfish were in the
water. 

I sat on the beach panting. The wind died down. The sun came through the
clouds. I tried to steady my breathing and looked at the ocean. Harold’s
wedding ring shone in the water.
