It’s the first time I’m speaking for a long while, I’m so unsure how to
start. I guess an introduction might be in order. My name is C36, at
least that’s what my skin says.
I grew up in a little home with my single mother, who was so beloved by
men that she would bring home a new man or two a day. She called me her
little doll, and made me entertain the men once they were done with her,
sometimes the men just came to share their love with me. While she was
watching they slid their hands across my leg, to my crotch. Sometimes
they would even stay in my bed for the night.
Whenever I misbehaved my mom would scream at me, and throw me inside the
closet. I spent many hours there, I was told not to speak unless spoken
to, otherwise I would go without food for days. But I really came to
miss my time with her, she usually treated me nice and fed me such good
meals, I just had to behave and please the men, then I would avoid
getting a beating. 

One day, she sent me with a well dressed man in a black suit with white
gloves. She told me that he would be my dad, and from now on, I would
have to behave and follow his orders.
I have never been allowed to leave our home, so all I had seen was
through the porthole in the attic, which made this such a nice trip.
I sat on a plastic cover as we drove out of the city, then dad handed me
a blindfold, I was told only to remove it when he said so. I behaved
nicely, and removed it to leave the car, just as ordered. Dad had
brought me to an isolated white house, hidden away by corn fields. I was
told to put the blindfold on the ground so he wouldn’t have to touch
me. 

The white house worked as a welcome center. After getting there I was
taken underground through a hallway with lots of smaller rooms. I was
led into an indoor playground where some children played with toys. We
were fed some good meals throughout the days as the Doctor would come by
to do a regular health check and give us vaccines. As more children
arrived, Garry and Larry the two caretakers told us that once we were
enough, we would be given new names. They called it the big Naming day.
I thought them to be nice adults who looked after us. From the Doctor
who walked around in a white lab coat who only cared for our health, to
the tall Janitor who stood for keeping the building warm by burning
timber, but ended up cleaning us and the cells by spraying us down with
the same hose. If anyone misbehaved or layed stone cold, the Janitor
would also take care of that.

The Naming day had approached so I Larry took me to a small room, where
Garry waited, the smell of shit mixed with burned flesh hung in the air
as a heavy curtain. I stopped for a moment when I got a whiff of the
smell, so Larry lifted me up and threw me to the ground next to the
fire, the fire crackled and popped as it heated a piece of metal. Then
he slammed down a knee in my back. It sent a pulsing pain to my guts
which left me without air, forcing me to gasp. I inhaled the thick air,
a metallic taste mixed with rotten eggs filled my mouth. Gary gave me a
joyful look as he stuffed my mouth with a piece of wood, he then went to
pick up a knife, and started to strip me naked by cutting off my
clothes. As the knife sliced through the fabric it left behind a trail
along my body, the more I squirmed and moved around, the deeper the cuts
were left behind. Whenever I tried to scream Larry would slap me and
shout “SHUT IT”.
Once I was buttnaked only covered by blood leaking from the cuts and
shit from the floor, Larry would turn me around, pressing his knee on my
thighs. Gary picked up my bloody clothes and threw them into the fire,
then he went for the branding Iron that had been heated up since before
we entered the room. He then stood on my hands and said “Do not fear
little one, for I have redeemed you, thy name will be C36”, he pressed
the Iron with the letter C onto my stomach. For a second I felt nothing,
but as the sound sizzled and the smell of burned flesh intensified, it
all thumped through my body. I passed out in blood and shit of my own.

What woke me up was a Doctor spraying me clean with a garden hose. The
water was ice cold, I looked down and saw that 36 had been added to my
stomach. I was inside a cell, my very own cell, and next to me layed a
johnny gown. I only know that, since the doctor called it so as I was
told to put it on. When the doctor left, the little window on my cell
door got locked, leaving me Isolated, in darkness.
But this cell was way bigger than the closet at home, I could feel the
mattress on the ground, and If I just bent my knees a little I could lay
down on it, so I was pretty happy, I never had my own room.

I wasn’t punished as long as I behaved well, and for the most part I did
what the Doctors asked, mom had raised me well. I could hear that the
one who lived next to me, didn’t behave, so Larry would come in, and fix
that issue. Depending on his mood the punishment could vary from being
beaten, to shackled up on a chair wearing a thigh hood for hours. Worst
was when we got chained to the floor, our arms and legs tied behind our
backs with a sack of straw over our heads, he then proceeded to piss all
over the sack and left us like that till the next morning.

I found my first friend here, we didn’t talk, but I like to think she
was a friend, her name was D17. She was a pretty funny girl, she kept
yelling “MY NAME IS SOPHIA” I have never heard something like that
before, she was funny making up names like that. But she couldn’t fool
the Doctor who knew her name, it was written on her stomach after all.
So Larry would teach her some manners, I know that, for a shrill
piercing cry came echoing from her cell. She would often be visited by
him alone, and loud banging against the wall would be heard. She talked
and shouted a lot, and answered her own questions while changing her
voice, each time Larry would come by to silent her.

The food here was so bad, Gary was no good cook, he was bad at serving
the food as well, he would open the window in the cell door to put
through a scoop of hot gray slop, just to dumb it on the ground. I had
not held any utensils since I lived with mom, so once it had cooled down
on the ground, I would pick it up with my hands to eat.

I lost time, there was no daylight in the cell, so everything turned
into one, the only light I got was from the doctor’s visit and when the
food was served.Gary never fed us systemically, and the Doctor would
come irregularly. I could be fed many times before I got a visit, other
times he would come between my meals.

Back when the Doctor pathed me up after the big naming day. I was told
that my skin was too soft, so an unknown substance was forced into me.
That was done by a long syringe, with a blue goop which illuminated the
room. The Doctor started to press the long needle into the skin
underneath my fingernail, forcing a gap as the needle sloshed around.
Larry stood next to me, holding me by my hair, ready to strike a punch
if I so much as tried to move, so I got beaten up real good. Each time
the Doctor would scream at me, and start over on my next finger.
Once the Doctor and Larry left, the fingernails still left behind were
about to fall off, each one of them, while my widow’s peak had been
tugged uncentered, only the smallest patches of hair were left behind.

D17 tried to flee, I’m not sure what she did, but I never saw Lary
again. 
I heard a struggle happen as he went on his sole visit. So I tried to
get a grasp of the situation, by crawling up to the door and putting my
ear to it, but an alarm had been activated. Between the sounds from the
alarm, I heard iron being waved around, which all ended with a loud
“thud”. I was still leaning up against the door as the window to my door
suddenly opened.
I wish I hadn’t peeked out, as I only got a glimpse of the Janitor who
passed by with her separated head. The Doctor had started to spray a
thick hazel colored gas into my cell. The gas hit me directly in the
eyes leaving them bloodshot, and a mixture of fuss, blood and tears ran
down. I was unable to do anything but cough, It felt as if my lungs
would pop out at any second.I stormed to the corner of my little
confinement, sitting with my blanket covering my body facing against the
wall, as blood rolled down my cheeks, I grasped for air.

My eyes never really recovered from that incident, everything was a
blurry mess. I could barely see a thing, the only thing left was a sharp
image left of D17’s separated head. 
I couldn’t eat for the image that had burned into my eyes, when Gary
noticed, he kicked me to the wall, forced my jaw open with a pear shaped
metal object and poured down a burning hot slop into my throat. A sharp
searing pain spread though my body as the slop crawled from my mouth to
my stomach. He would usually just laugh at me, and let the food lay on
the floor till I had eaten, but after the escape attempt, the atmosphere
changed.

The Doctor had come by more regularly to do the health check ups, but
instead of Jerry, the Janitor towered above me, the sheer pressure alone
kept me still. I failed the test.The health check up was never a test
you could fail. The Doctor started the test by taking blood samples and
handed them to Gary. Then the Doctor showed me pictures asking me to
identify things, it was discovered that my eyesight had been damaged.
I didn’t even know that I had to identify something, it was all new.
Everything had changed, if I had known about it beforehand, if I was
told about it, if I had tried it before, even if I had seen it before I
might have memorized it. The Doctor now asked me to do all sorts of
movements. Afterwards the Doctor leaned in to my chest, asking me to
breathe.
Gary would come back handing the Doctor some paper. The Doctor looked up
from the paper and faced the Janitor “C36 is a failure, there’s no need
for a dissection, do what you want with that piece of timber, I have no
reason to spend more time on it”.
An unease came over me as I could feel the piercing gaze of the Janitor
seized me up asserting me as a prey, my fight-or-flight response
heightened making me want to run like D17, the picture of her head
resurfaced in my mind. So I did my best, stood still and closed my eyes.
I knew that if I just behaved well I wouldn’t be punished.

The Janitor Had knocked me out cold, I woke up stuffed into a cage.The
cage was hanging from a leaky ceiling, the air had a thick putrid,
rancid miasma of rot leaving off a taste in my mouth with hints of
ammonia and metallic tang. From the corners of the room I could hear
maggots squirming around, moving or feasting on the decaying matter,
leaving a wet sound of moist rustling and wriggling that rang to my
ears. It left me nauseated, I puked, but the cage had left me trapped,
the constricting area left me unable to move and stretch, so the puke
ran down my body.
I had no sense of time, I was left alone in this dark place, I was
exiled and the world was empty. I was trapped in a position that left my
muscle cramped up. I tried to push my legs out of the cage, but they
couldn’t go through the bars. I tried to maneuver and twist my body, but
the space restricted my very movements. I tried shifting my weight
pressing my whole body against the bars which left me with just enough
space, to barely get my arm that was trapped behind my back to the
front.
I was somewhat standing hunched over, I couldn’t sit down as my legs
took away the space underneath me, and the cage was not tall enough to
stand up, all the movements had left the cage swinging.

Water ran from the ceiling down the rusty chain, as irregular drips
landed on me. It was my only source of water, it had a metallic taste.
When it rained outside, I would wake up to the tinkling and clinking
sound, and the splashing noise that came from the water as it traversed
down the rusty surface to drip in my face.

I got thinner by the day, so my legs had started to slide through the
bars. It had been such a long time since I was left here without food, a
sensational emptiness was left in my stomach.
As my legs hung from the cage, a rough scraping sensation came, as a
warm wet tongue started to make contact with my foot, licking it up and
down. My limbs had gone stiff from being trapped, and I had no energy to
move. I had only believed it to be maggots, but it was something else,
something bigger that nested here. 

𝑇ℎ𝑒 𝑝𝑜𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑑𝑒𝑝𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 ℎ𝑎𝑑 𝑝𝑢𝑡 𝑚𝑒 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑠𝑒 𝑡𝑜 𝑖𝑛𝑣𝑒𝑠𝑡𝑖𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑡ℎ𝑒
𝑑𝑖𝑠𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑦 𝑐ℎ𝑖𝑙𝑑𝑟𝑒𝑛. 𝑊𝑒 𝑠𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑙 ℎ𝑎𝑑 𝑛𝑜 𝑙𝑒𝑎𝑑 𝑜𝑛 𝑤ℎ𝑜 𝑎𝑑𝑜𝑝𝑡𝑒𝑑
𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑚, 𝑏𝑢𝑡 𝑛𝑜𝑡 𝑡𝑜𝑜 𝑙𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑎𝑔𝑜 𝐼 𝑔𝑜𝑡 𝑎𝑛 𝑎𝑛𝑜𝑛𝑦𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑠 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑚 𝑎 𝑝𝑎𝑦𝑝ℎ𝑜𝑛𝑒, 𝑡ℎ𝑒
𝑚𝑎𝑛 𝑏𝑒ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑡𝑜𝑙𝑑 𝑚𝑒 𝑡𝑜 𝑐ℎ𝑒𝑐𝑘 𝑜𝑢𝑡 𝑎𝑛 𝑎𝑝𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡.
𝐻𝑒 𝑠𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑦 𝑓𝑟𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑐, 𝑦𝑒𝑡 ℎ𝑖𝑠 𝑣𝑜𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑚𝑢𝑓𝑓𝑙𝑒𝑑. 𝐼 𝑑𝑖𝑑𝑛’𝑡 𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝑚𝑢𝑐ℎ
𝑚𝑜𝑟𝑒 𝑖𝑛𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛, 𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟 𝑡ℎ𝑎𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑜𝑓 𝑎 𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒 𝑤ℎ𝑖𝑡𝑒 ℎ𝑜𝑢𝑠𝑒, 𝑎𝑠 ℎ𝑒
𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 ℎ𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑦. 𝑇ℎ𝑖𝑠 𝑝𝑟𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑣𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑜𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙, 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑚𝑎𝑑𝑒 𝑚𝑒 𝑔𝑜 𝑡𝑜
𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑎𝑝𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡.

𝑊ℎ𝑒𝑛 𝐼 𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑑, 𝐼 𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑚𝑒𝑡 𝑤𝑖𝑡ℎ 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑚𝑜𝑠𝑡 𝑝𝑢𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑑 𝑠𝑚𝑒𝑙𝑙. 𝐹𝑟𝑜𝑚 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑐𝑒𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑎
𝑡ℎ𝑖𝑐𝑘 𝑏𝑙𝑎𝑐𝑘𝑖𝑠ℎ 𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑖𝑑 𝑙𝑒𝑎𝑘𝑒𝑑 𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑚 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑢𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑓𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟. 𝐴𝑠 𝐼 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑜
𝑠𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑐ℎ 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑟𝑜𝑜𝑚𝑠 𝑑𝑜𝑤𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑖𝑟𝑠 𝐼 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑏𝑎𝑐𝑘-𝑢𝑝. 𝐸𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑦 𝑟𝑜𝑜𝑚
𝑑𝑜𝑤𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑖𝑟𝑠 𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑦, 𝑜𝑛𝑙𝑦 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑖𝑛𝑒𝑑 𝑓𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑢𝑛𝑘𝑛𝑜𝑤𝑛 𝑠𝑢𝑏𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑠 𝑙𝑎𝑦𝑒𝑑
𝑎𝑟𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑.
𝑊ℎ𝑒𝑛 𝐼 𝑤𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑢𝑝𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑖𝑟𝑠, 𝑚𝑦 𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑒𝑠 𝑔𝑜𝑡 𝑔𝑙𝑢𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑖𝑟 𝑎𝑠 𝑒𝑎𝑐ℎ 𝑠𝑡𝑒𝑝 𝑔𝑜𝑡
𝑚𝑜𝑟𝑒 𝑠𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑘𝑦, 𝑎𝑠 𝑖𝑓 𝐼 𝑛𝑒𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑝𝑢𝑡 𝑖𝑛 𝑎𝑛 𝑒𝑓𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡 𝑡𝑜 𝑤𝑎𝑙𝑘. 𝑇ℎ𝑒
𝑓𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑖𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 ℎ𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑤𝑎𝑦 𝑢𝑝𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑖𝑟𝑠 ℎ𝑎𝑑 𝑎 𝑡ℎ𝑖𝑐𝑘 𝑙𝑎𝑦𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑠𝑚𝑢𝑑𝑔𝑒, 𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑤𝑒𝑟𝑒
𝑛𝑜 𝑤𝑜𝑟𝑘𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑙𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑠 𝑢𝑝 ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑤𝑖𝑛𝑑𝑜𝑤𝑠 𝑤𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑏𝑜𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝑢𝑝, 𝐼 𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑙𝑑
𝑜𝑛𝑙𝑦 𝑠𝑒𝑒 𝑤ℎ𝑎𝑡 𝑚𝑦 𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑙𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡 𝑖𝑙𝑙𝑢𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑑. 𝐴𝑡 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑒𝑛𝑑 𝑜𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 ℎ𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑤𝑎𝑦 𝑠𝑡𝑜𝑜𝑑
𝑎 𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑒𝑑 𝑑𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑎𝑠 𝐼 𝑘𝑖𝑐𝑘𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑑𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑖𝑡 𝑓𝑙𝑢𝑛𝑔 𝑜𝑓𝑓 𝑡ℎ𝑒 ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑠 𝑎𝑛𝑑
𝑙𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑎 𝑚𝑢𝑟𝑘𝑦 𝑏𝑟𝑜𝑤𝑛𝑖𝑠ℎ 𝑠𝑢𝑏𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒, 𝑠𝑒𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑖𝑐𝑘 𝑑𝑟𝑜𝑝𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑠 𝑖𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝑡ℎ𝑒
𝑎𝑖𝑟, 𝑠𝑜𝑚𝑒 𝑠𝑝𝑙𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝑚𝑦 𝑐𝑙𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑔.𝐴𝑠 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑑𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑠𝑖𝑛𝑘, 𝑡ℎ𝑒
𝑝𝑢𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑑 𝑠𝑚𝑒𝑙𝑙 𝑜𝑓 𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑡𝑒𝑛 𝑒𝑔𝑔 𝑚𝑖𝑥𝑒𝑑 𝑤𝑖𝑡ℎ 𝑎𝑚𝑚𝑜𝑛𝑖𝑎 𝑏𝑒𝑐𝑎𝑚𝑒 𝑡𝑒𝑛 𝑡𝑖𝑚𝑒𝑠 𝑤𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑒 𝑎𝑠
𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑢𝑏𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 ℎ𝑎𝑑 𝑏𝑒𝑒𝑛 𝑠𝑡𝑖𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑑 𝑢𝑝.
𝐼 𝑓𝑙𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑎𝑟𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑠𝑒𝑒 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑏𝑒𝑎𝑚, 𝑙𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡 𝑢𝑝 𝑣𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑢𝑠 ℎ𝑢𝑚𝑎𝑛 𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑎𝑖𝑛𝑠, 𝑡ℎ𝑒
𝑠𝑢𝑏𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼 𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑖𝑛 𝑐𝑎𝑚𝑒 𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑚 𝑑𝑒𝑐𝑎𝑦𝑒𝑑 𝑓𝑙𝑒𝑠ℎ, 𝑓𝑎𝑡 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑒𝑥𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡,
𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑎 ℎ𝑢𝑚𝑎𝑛 𝑠𝑜𝑢𝑝. 𝑇𝑜𝑛𝑠 𝑜𝑓 𝑀𝑎𝑔𝑜𝑡𝑠 𝑠𝑞𝑢𝑖𝑟𝑚𝑒𝑑 𝑎𝑟𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑓𝑖𝑙𝑡ℎ.
𝑆𝑜𝑚𝑒 ℎ𝑢𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑠 𝑤𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑐𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑠, 𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑠 𝑤𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑎𝑙𝑚𝑜𝑠𝑡 𝑐𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑒𝑙𝑦
𝑑𝑖𝑠𝑠𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑 𝑜𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑓𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟. 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑦 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑑, 𝐼 𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝑎 𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑙𝑒𝑑 𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑜𝑛
ℎ𝑎𝑛𝑔𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑚 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑖𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑐𝑎𝑔𝑒, 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑏𝑜𝑛𝑒𝑠 𝑤𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑠𝑜𝑚𝑒 𝑜𝑙𝑑 𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑦
𝑛𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑠.
𝐴𝑡 𝑡ℎ𝑖𝑠 𝑚𝑜𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡, 𝐼’𝑚 𝑢𝑛𝑎𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑤ℎ𝑜 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑒𝑑 𝑚𝑒 ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑒, 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑚𝑜𝑡𝑖𝑣𝑒 𝑏𝑒ℎ𝑖𝑛𝑑
𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑙𝑙, 𝑏𝑢𝑡 𝐼 𝑏𝑒𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑣𝑒 𝑖𝑡 𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑠𝑎𝑚𝑒 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑠𝑜𝑛 𝑤ℎ𝑜 𝑤𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒 𝐶36’𝑠 𝑗𝑜𝑢𝑟𝑛𝑎𝑙.

𝐼 𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝑚𝑦 𝑏𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑡𝑜 𝑓𝑖𝑙𝑙 𝑜𝑢𝑡 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑡𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑎𝑟𝑦 𝑟𝑒𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡. “𝐶36, 𝑐𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ,
𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛”. 𝑊𝑒 ℎ𝑎𝑑 𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑 𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑦 𝑐ℎ𝑖𝑙𝑑𝑟𝑒𝑛 𝑢𝑝 𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑙 𝑛𝑜𝑤, 𝑚𝑜𝑠𝑡 ℎ𝑎𝑑 𝑏𝑒𝑒𝑛
𝑏𝑢𝑟𝑛𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑠, 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑖𝑟 𝑐𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ 𝑤𝑎𝑠 ℎ𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝑡𝑜 𝑑𝑒𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑒. 𝐼 𝑤𝑒𝑛𝑡
𝑡ℎ𝑟𝑜𝑢𝑔ℎ 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑦 𝑝𝑎𝑔𝑒𝑠 𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑘𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝐷17’𝑠 𝑝𝑟𝑜𝑓𝑖𝑙𝑒.

“𝑆𝐾19, 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, 𝑉𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑠𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛”
“𝐿𝐷02, 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, 𝐵𝑜𝑡𝑐ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝑝𝑟𝑜𝑐𝑒𝑑𝑢𝑟𝑒, 𝑠𝑤𝑖𝑡𝑐ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑙𝑖𝑚𝑏𝑠”
“𝐶𝑁16 𝐶𝑎𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, 𝐼𝑚𝑚𝑢𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑓𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑢𝑟𝑒 𝑡𝑜 𝑡ℎ𝑒 “𝑉𝑎𝑐𝑐𝑖𝑛𝑒””
“𝐶𝐴21 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, ℎ𝑦𝑝𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑖𝑎, 𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑡 𝑏𝑖𝑡𝑡𝑒𝑛 𝑠ℎ𝑎𝑡𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑑 𝑙𝑖𝑚𝑏𝑠”
“𝑅39 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, 𝑀𝑢𝑚𝑚𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑 𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑣𝑒, 𝑠𝑤𝑒𝑎𝑡 𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟 ℎ𝑜𝑡 𝑓𝑎𝑛𝑠”
“𝐺14 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, 𝐶𝑟𝑢𝑠ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛 𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑢𝑟𝑒 𝑐ℎ𝑎𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟”
𝐷20.. 𝐷19.. 𝐷18.. 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑦 “𝐷17, 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ, 𝑢𝑛𝑘𝑛𝑜𝑤𝑛, 𝐵𝑢𝑟𝑛𝑒𝑑?”
𝐼 𝑠𝑐𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑐ℎ𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑡 𝑜𝑣𝑒𝑟 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑐ℎ𝑎𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑑 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑡𝑒𝑥𝑡 𝑡𝑜 “𝑆𝑜𝑝ℎ𝑖𝑎, 𝐶𝑎𝑢𝑠𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑑𝑒𝑎𝑡ℎ,
𝐵𝑒ℎ𝑒𝑎𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔”. 
