*

Practice Problem: The Room. Your bedroom measures 12 feet by 14 feet,
with a ceiling height of 9 feet. If you wanted to paint all four walls
but not the ceiling or floor, how many square feet of paint would you
need?

Hint: Don’t forget to subtract the area of the single window (3ft x 3ft)

*

It was the hint that startled me. 

Because I had once measured the length of my window with my dad, and I
remembered we needed a perfectly square piece of glass. The same length
on both sides. 

After completing the question, I decided just for laughs to make some
measurements—what were the odds of my room matching the exact
description in this workbook?

My dad’s measuring tape was one of the heavy duty ones he used for his
work. I weighted it down with one of my dumbbells, and dragged its
yellow tongue until it measured each wall faithfully.

As soon as I finished, a chill creeped through me. Goosebumps shot down
my legs. 

It all matched. 

The dimensions were the exact same as in my math book. 

As if sensing my fear, the page on my math book darkened. And it may
have been a trick of the light, but the words also felt like they were …
shimmering?

I read the next question.

*

Practice Problem: The Knock. You are sitting in your bedroom when you
hear a single knock from across the house. The total volume of air in
your house is approximately 8,000 cubic feet. The speed of sound in air
is 1,125 feet per second.

Based on the sound of the knock, how close do you estimate the knock to
be?

*

I re-read the problem about five times to try and understand what they
were getting at. How could I possibly calculate this? What knock? 

And then I heard it. Off in the distance. 

Downstairs.

A knock.

It sounded like someone had rapped their knuckles twice on wood.

What the fuck?

“Dad? Is that you?” I shouted down the hall.

But no. Of course it wasn’t. He had left twenty minutes ago for a
meeting downtown. 

I was alone.

**“…** Hello?”

I could hear my voice faintly echo down the hall. And then I can hear
the knuckles rapping again, much harder.

I shut the door to my room, and put my back against it. 

Do I call the cops? What do I tell them? That there’s a knocking? 

I paced back and forth, focusing on my breathing. Relax, relax, it’s
probably just a neighbor knocking at the front door. Or a Jehovah’s
witness or something. I live in a safe neighborhood, there’s something
perfectly reasonable that explains all of this.

I took a hard look at my grade 9 workbook—the pages were so crisply
parted open. It’s as if the book was trying to invite me back … it
demanded my touch.

I grabbed my pencil and scribbled in my answer.

“The knock is approx 30 ft away. One floor below.”

 I tried to close the book, to end this schism—this crazy paranoia once
and for all—but I couldn’t touch the paper. It’s like there was some
kind of magnetic field now repelling me…

The hell?

The math page darkened and absorbed the lead I just added. Right below
where my pencil had just been, a new question appeared in a thin,
scratchy font.

*

Practice Problem: The Visit. You haven been chosen. A Euclidean
Primitive is coming to your destination, and you must give it your most
valuable dimension. Which one will you forfeit?

*

My panic returned. Full-blown. 

What the hell was this?

In a blind haste, I tried to kick the book out of my room, but my leg
was deflected. It’s like the air around the book had become bouncy,
pushing anything away with equal force.

I was about to try wrapping the book with a blanket, when the knocking
returned. RIGHT AT MY DOOR.

Kunk-kunk-kunk!

I screamed and lunged for my baseball bat under my bed.

The door to my room was still closed, but I could sense there was
something hiding behind it. 

Something that did not belong in my house.

With a white knuckle grip, I poised the bat for a strike. I tried to
sound commanding, but could only squeeze out a quivering: “W-w-who’s
there! W-w-who the fuck’s there!?” 

The knob twisted, and the door drifted open with a slow, unceremonious
creak. I watched as the painted white wood swung open and revealed …
nothing.

There was nothing standing in my hallway. 

In fact, there was less than nothing… my hallway didn’t exist.

Instead of wooden floors and grey baseboards, I was staring into a sort
of  mirror image. I saw a copy of my bedroom on the other side of the
door. My bed, my window and even an identical version of my math book
were lying on the floor. Everything that existed in my room, existed
reversed in that other room too.

Well, everything except me. 

 I seemed to be the only living person between these two rooms.

Keeping my arms glued to the bat, I peered around the corner of the
door. And as I did, there came a weird … cracking noise … kind of like
glass breaking. It crinkled from the doppelgänger bed in tiny bursts.

I stared through the door frame, bat at eye level.

“Hello?”

Something spoke back, replicating my voice. The words sounded like they
had passed through several glass tubes.

“Hello?”

My entire chest tightened. I Held my bat high. “W-w-what is this?”

Something glistened above the inverted bed, I could see the sheets
rustle as a weight lifted off the mattress. 

“This … is this.”

A set of shifting mirrors came toward me. Hovering cubes and other
prisms had formed into the rough, anthropoid-like shape of a person, but
they didn’t render any texture. The entire surface-area of this being
was a mirror, reflecting all the inverted wallpaper and backwards decor
of my ctrl-copied room.

“Holy shit.” I backed away. 

Feebly , I tried to close my bedroom door, but the mirror golem stuck
out one of its prismatic hands. 

In the blink of an eye, my door … became paper.

The two inches of thickness to my door suddenly disappeared. Its like
the three dimensional depth had vanished. The Euclidean Primitive then
grasped my paper-thin door and crinkled it into a ball.

“Oh God.” 

All I could do was run into the corner behind my original bed. 

“Please no. Go away.”

The Matter-Destroying-Math-Thing came into my room and stared at me with
its mirror-cube-face. I could see a perfect reflection of my own
terrified expression.

“No God,” it said.

Warm liquid streamed down my leg, trickling into my socks. There’s no
point in hiding it. Yes. I pissed my pants.

“P-p-please. Take whatever you want and go!”

I took a quick glimpse at my math book and saw that a new line had
appeared:

Hint: Forfeit a dimension.

I looked back at the mirror golem, and pointed at the book. “You want a
dimension? Go for it. Take the book. Take all the dimensions.”

The Euclidean Primitive walked up and stopped at the foot of my bed.
There was something menacing about all the warped reflections on its
body. Ceiling stucco on its shoulders, TV set on its chest, and the
underside of my bed on its legs. It was like an all-powerful extension
of my room, it could control my reality.

Its prismatic hand raised up. Then pointed at my face.

“You. Pick.”

I didn’t understand. Was it asking me which dimension I wanted to lose? 

My gaze shifted to my crumpled, paper-like “door” in the corner. 

If I lost my depth like my door, I’d become as flat as a cutout. In fact
if I lost my width, or length or any dimension, the result would be the
same. I’d become a 2D slice. A skin flake. 

There’s no way I could survive that.

That was death.

Then, out of nowhere, my stupid cat-meow alarm went off on my phone. The
digital clock reminded me to water the kitchen plants. But I was also
reminded of something else…

I pointed at the clock mounted above my bed.

“Time. That’s a dimension isn’t it?”

The mirror entity stared at me, unmoving.

 “Take time. The fourth dimension. Take as much as you want of it.”

The Euclidean Primitive turned to face the clock. Its mirrors began to
glow.

“Time…?”

I swallowed a grapefruit down my throat, hoping this might save me from
becoming a dead two-dimensional pancake. “Yes. Please. Take time. Take
all you want.” 

I mean there’s lots of time to go around isn’t there? I thought to
myself.

The prismatic golem outstretched its mirror arms—which produced a
fierce, bright light.

The white bounced off the walls.

It became all-enveloping.

 I shielded my eyes.

“Time…”

***

***

***

My dad screamed when he first saw me. 

I was standing at the top of the stairs, waving to him normally. But
instead of beaming back with a smile—he threatened me with a knife.

“What’s going on!”

“D-d-dad… it’s me…”

“Who are you? Where’s my son!?”

There was no use trying to reason with him. His confusion was perfectly
understandable.

“Answer me! Where is my son!?”

“I… I am your son. Dad. It’s me… Donny…”

For a moment it looked like he could almost believe me. He could almost
believe in the far-flung possibility that his son suddenly looked eighty
years older. But that possibility very quickly, flittered away. His face
was a mask of disgust.

“You sick fuck, why are you in my son’s clothes! What have you done!?”

“D-d-dad please…It’s me… Donovan…”

I watched my dad’s eyes fill with a fury I had never seen, he stomped up
the stairs, sleeves rolled up on his sides, ready to stab or strangle
me.

“We watched football together, dad… We just watched a game two nights
ago. The Dolphins game? Remember?”

“Stop it! My dad pointed at me with his knife. “You fucking STOP IT
right now!”

I hobbled backwards, feeling the pain in my lower back as I fought
against my old man hunch.

I went into the washroom, and cowered in the bathtub. The reflection of
my new, wrinkled, white-haired face terrified me almost as much as my
dad did.

Through snot and tears I pleaded for my life.

“It’s me! Please dad! You have to believe me!”

***

***

***

Ten nights in jail.  Ten full nights. The amount of “growing up” I’ve
had to do over the last couple of days has been staggering.

At one point, the police were threatening to get me “committed,” which I
knew meant going to the place where I’d be in a straightjacket all the
time. And I really  didn’t want that to happen.

But on the eleventh morning, my dad showed up and suddenly dropped all
charges. 

My assigned officer had told me my father had no further interest in
this case, that he was very distraught and didn’t want to jail an
elderly man who was clearly “mentally ill”. My dad had practically
begged them to let me go. 

And so they did.

The moment I stepped outside of the police station, my dad grabbed me by
the shoulder and apologized profusely. Over and over.

The words were soft, quiet little murmurs.

“I’m so sorry… I’m so sorry…”

***

***

***

I’ve since been allowed back into the house, where for the last forty
eight hours I’ve been resting in my old room, slowly getting my strength
back. 

My dad has brought me food, helped me shave my beard, and dressed in a
clean set pajama’s that must have belonged to him.

It’s still too soon for words. 

My dad mostly just rubs my head and hugs me each time he visits.

Sometimes he cries quietly to himself.

In between one of his coming-and-goings I went to the washroom and took
a peek inside his study.

There I saw blueprints for some building contract he had been revising
for city hall. In the upper left corner of the diagram, I saw the same
thin, scratchy, shimmering font I saw in my textbook.

Which meant my dad had been talking with the Euclidean Primitive as
well.

*

Practice Problem: The Absolute Value. A father must choose between the
son that was (𝑥 = 15) and the son that is (𝑦 = 91). This equation allows
borrowing from the father (𝑧 = 55).

Hint: How many of your years are you willing to loan?
