Far back as I could remember, this town had always been strange.

One night, I could remember, I could remember having the living
daylights frightened out of me. That afternoon, toward evening, I’d gone
to sleep with the radio left playing on the windowsill, sun orange and
basking the yard in gentle oven hues. The radio had been playing a
distinct song. I remember it now.

Eat the Violet Gummy And the Violet will Eat you

It sang in an eerie old 1930s baritone voice, but flat, bland, straight,
with no changes in rhythm, and heavy static.

I woke up before my actual bedtime to turn it off and go watch the toons
with my dog and family for a while before I retired back to my bedroom,
and fell back once again into the arms of Mother Slumber.

I woke up. Can’t remember when, but it was smack in the middle of the
night probably.

I woke up and a man was at the foot of my bed. His hair was greasy,
clamped across his scalp. His little shiny eyes were starting from his
head, behind his spectacles. He lifted his head, peeking over my toes,
staring straight at me. The room was dim blue in some parts, black in
others.

He had wrinkles deeply embedded ’cross his broad brow. His lips were
thin. Long, dry as sandpaper in the dark. I did not move and he stared
at me. He wore a long tuxedo, with deep pockets.

He watched me with those beady little eyes and I imagined he would do it
forever. He had leather shoes on. Pants like the ones church boys wore.
His face morphed, to become my sister’s ex, my best friend’s. Long
smooth face. Late teens. Long shiny smiley face, smile full of big
horsey teeth. His eyes stared and stared, brown while the prior ones had
been blue.

His brown eyes looked like soft runny chocolate in the room’s dim light.
He smiled at me, wider, horsey teeth prominent. There was an insincerity
in his eyes, like a fake friend’s, and he did not make a sound. My toes
wriggled, yet I still did not speak or cry out. I moved nothing else,
besides my toes.

He still wore the tuxedo, ill-fitted but he was taller, longer, and more
animalistic than his prior appearance had been.

“I’m at the university,” he said, voice clear as bells. Nice. Open. Boy
scout cheerfulness. A truth as wrong as a lie.

I said nothing in return.

“I’m at the university,” he said. “Come see me.”

He crawled back off my bed after having been straddling my thighs for a
bit. He stood up, lines of the old man on the young face now, brown hair
cropped short. Brown hair cropped short turning gray. He bounced on his
feet standing there. Then nodding one last time, he turned and walked
out of my door, shutting it closed behind him with exaggerated care.

I lay there in my bed, sweat on my face. Heart beating.

Beating.

My mother came in a moment later, asked if I was alright, asked if I’d
like a glass of water. I said yes. She nodded. Said poor baby and left.

She was wearing the long tuxedo with deep pockets. But it fit her pretty
okay.

A cold, paralyzing dread locked my throat. I couldn’t scream. I couldn’t
even breathe. I just pulled the covers up over my face, squeezing my
eyes shut in the pitch black, praying to God that morning would come.
