It’s one in the morning. I’m sitting half-naked in a McDonald’s booth
writing this. I can see the employees staring at me from the counter.
I’m hoping they don’t call the police before I can finish this. I need
to get this down somewhere.

I’m a second-year student at Cambridge University studying mechanical
engineering. Or, at least, I was supposed to be.

My mum, Hannah, is an anxious person. She lives in Bristol, which is
about a three hour drive from Cambridge. When she found out on my
results day that I was to be moving the subsequent month, she didn’t
take it too well. It had just been me and her in that house for a
decade. Any deviation to the routine was completely alien for her.

My dad passed away from Huntington’s when I was nine. She forced me to
get the predictive test straight after, and it came back negative.
Despite that, there was this strict protectiveness my mum developed over
me. She constantly dug into my personal life: when I ate, who I talked
to, what time I got home, et cetera.

I know it came from a place of love and grief, but I’m not ashamed to
admit that I felt a great deal of relief when I finally moved.

She called me daily throughout my first year. I gave her the general
rundown of my day. When the assignments became particularly tiring, I’d
condense it down to a couple of haphazard bullet points, hoping it would
satisfy her.

I was glad to learn that she had made a couple friends of her own. She
had volunteered to litter pick for the council and met a group of people
her age. Every Wednesday evening, they would go to the local pub and
grab dinner. It was nice to hear that she was coping with my absence
semi-decently.

Every call ended the same way however, asking when I would come visit. I
told her that the date wouldn’t come any sooner regardless of if she
kept asking.

The time I spent with her was nice enough, if a little irritating.
Remnants of her old habits would creep in randomly, and I’d find myself
answering a bunch of prying questions from her.

It was a couple days before I was set to leave for my second year that
she drove herself directly into the side of a local shop. She had a
panic attack at the wheel and didn’t have time to pull over. Nobody was
injured apart from her, and she had a valid excuse, so none of the
charges stuck.

Unfortunately, I had no other choice but to defer and become her
caretaker for the time being.

Alongside sorting out the liability insurance and driving her to places,
she was also insistent I cleared out the loft. That’s when it all
started.

I unfurled the hatch ladder and coughed as eight months worth of dust
erupted from the opening. I could already feel the humid air billowing
down onto me. Swallowing my reservations, I climbed up.

The space was a time capsule. Perfectly preserved, though organised with
no rhyme or reason. Clothes were strewn all over the place. My school
books were stacked high and crooked. At one point, I discovered a tin
case holding eleven of my milk teeth, which my mum had apparently kept
as a memento.

Eventually, I came across an oak chest tucked in the corner of the
space. The front had a hasp and staple, though there was no padlock
securing it in place. I unlatched it and lifted the top.

What greeted me was a dozen lifeless, button-eyed faces. Hand puppets.
They all depicted different caricatures of people. Probably a decade old
at the most.

I regarded the pile with confusion. I had no memory of my family ever
owning these. When I presented the box to my mum, her reaction told me
otherwise.

“Awww, George!” She cooed. “You don’t remember playing with these?”

“Uh… not even a little,” I responded. It was the truth. Even when she
picked up the topmost one and shoved it in my face, there was no jog in
my memory.

“You were obsessed with them! You used to make them talk to each other.
I remember you gave this one a goofy cockney accent.”

I looked at the hand puppet she was holding. Its eyes were a faded blue,
and it had locks of blonde yarn poking out from underneath a tweed cap.
The empty space inside allowed the wearer to move the mouth with their
fingers, similar to a Muppet. She turned it to face her.

“You were so adorable when you—” She paused. All emotion drained from
her face in an instant. She was staring at it as though it had just
blinked at her.

“Mum? Are you okay?” I asked. I moved closer, ready to support her in
case this was the start of a seizure.

A beat passed, and she snapped out of it. She wordlessly placed the
puppet back in the box.

“Could you put this back in the loft, please?” Her voice was quiet. The
firm expression she wore made it feel like there was no room for
questioning. I obliged and carried the chest back to where I found it. I
didn’t spend much time sorting out the rest.

That night, I had my first nightmare since I was a kid.

I was trapped in a box of some kind. A small, wooden one. I was flat on
my stomach, my spine arching as my feet hung above the crown of my head.
I was in some sort of scorpion pose. I was struggling for every breath.

I pushed my hands forward, feeling at the unvarnished wood before me. I
prayed they would pass out into open air, but instead I was met with
nothing but splinters. I tried to move my legs, but the lid of the box
seemed to be bolted in place and prevented my knees from shifting.

I couldn’t tell you how long I was in there, but when I woke up,
paralysed and drenched in sweat, I saw that only two hours had passed.
To make matters worse, every time I fell asleep, that same dream would
be waiting for me. In the end, I chose to wait until morning.

I’m used to a lack of sleep. I’m a university student, after all. I
simply made myself some coffee and poured a bowl of frosties. My mum
entered the room shortly after.

“Hey, sweetie. How did you sleep?”

“Eh… not great.” I braced for the onslaught of questions about my
health, but Mum simply left it at that. I continued. “I’ll make you
something after I finish this. Omelette?”

Mum suddenly thrust her arm up so fast everything on the table
clattered. I jumped. She had the puppet with the blue eyes on her hand,
and was using the edge of the table as a stage.

“Well, that ain’t no good, innit?” She erupted in a poorly executed
cockney accent, moving the puppet’s mouth accordingly. “Growin’ fellas
like you need at least eight hours o’ sleep!”

I was speechless. “Mum, what- what is this?”

“‘Ave yer been up playin’ those videogames of yours, eh?”

“Mum, I’m not a kid anymore. What the hell are you doing?” Those words
came out a little harsher than intended. Mum faltered, lowering the
puppet to her side.

“I was just trying to make you feel better,” she mumbled, now in her
regular voice, and a wave of guilt washed over me.

“Okay? I… I’m sorry, okay? It just surprised me, that’s all.” I turned
to the counter and began occupying myself with the previously mentioned
omelette. No words were spoken all the while.

When I put the plate in front of her, I noticed that she hadn’t taken
off the puppet yet. I watched her for a moment. It was like she was
slowly realising she couldn’t pick up the knife without taking it off.
She removed it eventually, though not without clear hesitation, and
placed it in arm’s reach.

“You know the nurse told you not to do any physical activities. That
includes climbing ladders,” I began.

Her eyes briefly flickered to me. “I didn’t.”

“But… y’know.” I gestured to the puppet.

“It came to me,” she stressed.

I sighed. “Okay, whatever.” I got up and grabbed the puppet from the
table.

She spun around so fast she almost fell off her chair. “What are you
doing?” she asked, the words tumbling out.

“Putting it away. Is that alright?” I responded. I’ll admit that I was
provoking a reaction there.

It looked like she was building up to it, but eventually she replied
with a flat, “Fine,” and that was that.

The next night, I had the same nightmare but worse.

The box had definitely shrunk since the last time. There was more of a
strain throughout my body. My feet were almost on either side of my
head.

Just beyond the confines, I could hear multiple parodies of laughter
overlapping one another. I think one was speaking, but I couldn’t make
it out over the rapturous glee of the others.

Yet again, I woke up, soaked.

Figuring it was going to be another long haul, I went downstairs to get
myself some water. My eyes had already adjusted to the darkness, so I
felt no need to turn on the lights.

I was halfway through my cup when I noticed a grainy shape in the corner
of my eye.

It was the hand puppet, its button eyes staring at me. I could only see
Mum’s wrist before the rest of her disappeared behind the counter.

“Mum?”

As if on cue, the hand puppet began moving to the side before vanishing
behind the doorframe. I stood there, frozen. Was she crawling?

“Mum? Mum, this isn’t funny.” I quickly moved to the counter. From down
the hall, I could see Mum’s limp wrist slumped over the bannister. The
puppet was watching, goading me to follow.

I took one step forward and the puppet slipped from view once more.
Without thinking, I made a beeline for the stairs, skipping two steps at
a time.

It was pointless in the end, as when I rounded the corner and stepped
onto the landing, Mum was standing there, directly under the loft hatch.
Both arms were raised high and bent in an exaggerated, cartoonish
position.

“What the fuck are you doing? Mum, what are you doing?”

At this, she lowered her arms - her left more than her right. She kept
her right hand level with her shoulder, so that the puppet’s eyes
remained on me.

“I was just trying to make you feel better,” she mumbled, the cadence
almost identical to the last time.

“Stop saying that! This isn’t normal! You know it isn’t!” I shouted. She
made no attempt to stop me as I threw on a shirt and walked out into the
night.

I know I should have reacted better. In any other scenario, I wouldn’t
have abandoned my mother - who was very clearly going through some sort
of neuropsychosis, no less.

There was just so much resentment built up in such a short amount of
time. While it was through no fault of her own, she had kept me captive,
keeping me from the people I truly enjoyed being around. And now, she
was doing whatever this was. I needed to collect my thoughts.

I found a bench and just sat. I didn’t sleep. The one time I tried, the
box was the smallest it had ever been, and I awoke quickly.

When I turned my phone back on, a wall of missed calls and unread
messages greeted me. Every single one was begging me to come home. I
shot a message back - simply confirming that I was okay - and it
instantly pinged as “read.”

I decided to present my mother with an ultimatum. I would come home only
if she agreed to go back to the hospital for an evaluation. At first,
she figured the date was up for negotiation, suggesting times two weeks
from then. I specified that she had to go today. After a minute of
waiting, a thumbs up emoji appeared in response. I sighed in relief.

The drive there was awkward. I tried my best to ignore the puppet wedged
between her lap. Whatever issue she had, the nurses would see it first
hand. I wasted no time checking her in, handing the nurses my
information and leaving.

They called me later to tell me they were to be keeping her for
seventy-two hours. I did not object.

For the next two nights, I slept like a rock. Just eight hours of
dreamless bliss. I didn’t want to chalk it up to Mum’s absence, but that
was almost definitely what was happening.

The next call I got was on Wednesday evening. I didn’t recognise the
number.

“Hello?” I began.

“Hello? Is this Hannah’s son? Hannah Hatendi?”

“Uh, yeah, hi? Who’s this?”

“I’m Ahmed, one of your mother’s friends. From the volunteering job?”

“Oh, yeah. What’s up?”

There was a pause. “I’m sorry, but Hannah’s in the hospital.”

“Oh, I know. I drove her there a couple days ago. I would’ve thought she
told you.”

“No, no. Not that. She… she’s injured her hand. Bad.”

My mind instantly made a single connection. It didn’t matter how
outlandish it was at the time. I was out the door in two minutes and at
the hospital in ten. The receptionist gave me the room number. I found
myself speeding through the corridors, running past a man who I assumed
was Ahmed, and entered my Mum’s room.

What I saw made bile rise in my throat.

Every single bone in her hand was shattered. The skin around them,
however, remained perfectly intact, causing her hand to form this
irregular shape. Her eyes were vacant as she stared at me.

Ahmed’s hand on my shoulder snapped me out of my trance. He explained
what happened carefully.

It was just before the shift was set to begin. Ahmed and the others were
given their litter pickers. It was then that he spotted Mum staggering
amongst the field, her hospital gown flapping in the wind. She had
greeted them with a cheery remark about the weather in that stupid,
cockney accent. The blue-eyed puppet, of course, was bolted to her hand.

The group immediately surrounded her with concern. One of the older
members, a man named Bernie, had apparently been behind her, checking
for injuries, when he noticed the puppet.

He reached out and pinched at the fabric gently. In response, Mum spun
around. The puppet came off in Bernie’s fingers.

The poor man couldn’t react as Mum lunged for him. The scuffle wasn’t
longer than ten seconds, but the scratch marks on Bernie’s face just
kept bleeding and bleeding.

Multiple questions pushed their way to the front of my mind. I looked at
Mum’s disfigured hand.

“Does it… need to be amputated?” I asked, the words making my stomach
hurt.

Ahmed bit the inside of his cheek. “I… don’t know? Nobody does, really.
It’s weird. The bones are broken. Completely. Beyond repair. But all the
blood vessels are still flowing… like her hand was just always like
that. There’s no sign of compartment syndrome, or, well, anything. The
doctors’ don’t know what to make of it.”

My mind chewed on this slowly. I needed to know where the puppet was. It
wasn’t on Mum’s hand, so I doubted it was in the room.

Ahmed gladly gave us some alone time. I closed the door and walked over
to the bed.

“Where’s the puppet?” I started immediately. I hadn’t noticed until now,
but her eyes were glassy and bloodshot with tears.

“Gone. He’s gone. They took him away from me,” she choked. Without
warning, she shot up in her bed, pulling the IV tube taut. She attempted
to grab the hem of my shirt, but her distorted hand couldn’t quite get
the motion right. “George. George, my boy. My sweet, kind, radiant
little boy. You have to tell them. You have to tell them that I need him
with me. Please.”

I stood back. “It’s doing something to you. I’m not feeding this
delusion.”

“George, I’m being polite. I’m being good. Please. I need him.”

“Stop saying ‘him’ like it’s a—”

“Give him to me! Give him to me! I’ll fucking kill you!” She exploded,
pitching forward to grab me. I managed to step back, narrowly missing
her lunge. She fell onto the linoleum floor, blood spraying from her
wrist courtesy of the IV needle.

I was already swinging the door open when she scrambled to her feet and
careened forward. I sidestepped her in the corridor and she slammed into
the adjacent drywall. My own momentum caused me to trip and fall
backwards.

A group of doctors caught wind of the situation and rushed over. She
came just inches from my face before she was tackled. When it became
clear three fully grown men wasn’t enough to hold her, people from the
public came to their aid.

Ahmed helped me to my feet and asked if I was okay. I didn’t respond. I
turned to the exit and walked away, stifling my sobs. I could hear Mum’s
ragged voice fading in the distance.

The drive home was numb. I mounted the curb roughly, entered the house
without locking the front door, and undressed. The shower was soothing,
though the warm water brought my attention to a long, red cut along my
chest where Mum had apparently nicked me.

After drying, I put on some shorts and simply sat on my bed. My phone
buzzed a couple of times on my bedside table, but whether it was Ahmed
or the hospital, I didn’t bother checking. I must have fallen asleep at
some point.

I became aware of myself eventually. I was in the box. This time, I
occupied the entire space. Every single bit of it was me. Last time,
there was at least some empty air to distinguish myself from the
surroundings. Now, my scrunched up body was all there was in that wooden
cube.

It was physically impossible for my lungs to expand, let alone muster up
a scream. My neck was craned so far forward I thought my spine would
snap. It didn’t matter if I had my eyes open or closed, my legs were
firmly locked in front of my vision.

Then came a rumbling noise. It stopped and started at regular intervals.
Between each long drone, two small footsteps would sound, as though
someone outside was repositioning their feet.

I was being dragged.

The laughter came again. Loud. Ringing in my ears. I couldn’t tell
whether it was coming from the outside or from within my chest. All the
while, the box moved along, unhurried.

“Just perfect, ain’t ’e?” I heard Mum’s cockney voice, clear as day
right beside my ear. I realised then that I was awake. I hadn’t even
noticed.

I shot up and saw two dark shapes to the right of my bed. One of which
was suddenly on all fours, scuttling away and disappearing behind my
open door.

I screamed and immediately grabbed my phone, flicking on my torch. Dust
danced along the stream of light, revealing my empty bedroom. But I know
it wasn’t. I could sense Mum standing just behind the door.

I trained the torch down to the second object. It was the chest. Open
and without its puppets. I reflexively got to my feet.

I panned back to the door to see the blue-eyed doll peering from around
the corner.

The hand that puppetted it was not human. The cavity it occupied bulged
and distending, as though a slab of meat had been pushed inside. But I
knew it was Mum’s hand. I knew the puppet had done that to her.

“Mum,” I mumbled, my voice quivering. “Mum, how did you get out of the
hospital?”

“Nevermind all that!” I heard a voice call back. The puppet’s mouth
mimicked the speech. “Jus’ get in the box, son! Make things easier for
the both of us, if yer could!”

I turned my gaze to the window, calculating how long it would take for
me to get it open. The voice came again. “C’mon, son! Yer making this
’arder than it ’as to be!”

I inched my way to the edge of the mattress, wracking my brain for if I
locked the window or not. The voice came a final time, low and
perverted. “Don’t make me ask again.”

That was what made me bolt. I made it to the window in under a second
and heaved open the glass. I didn’t turn around, even when the scuttling
behind me approached.

I dived and fell onto the awning, taking out tiles as I slid. The ground
came up quick and I landed on the grass, snapping my ankle bad.

The adrenaline did most of the heavy lifting as I limped away from that
house. I dared one look behind me. All I could see was the puppet, and
the wrist that held it.

The McDonald’s was the nearest place with free WiFi.

I’d say I don’t know what to make of it, but I’d be lying. It was that
chest. Those puppets. They did something to her. Took advantage of her
vulnerability.

I spent my whole life hating my mother’s overprotectiveness, but now I
want nothing more than for her to be her old self.

Just listen to me. If you find a chest filled with hand puppets and your
parents claim you used to play with them, you didn’t. They are lying.

Get oil, get a lighter, and burn them to the ground.
