I never wanted one of those fancy digital baby monitors. It always felt
unnecessary when an older radio monitor did the job fine. 

My mother thought otherwise. 

I am a single father. Fresh out of a separation and an unnecessary
custody battle for my 6 month old son. 1 month with me, 1 month away. My
mother insisted that the monitor would be beneficial and make my life
easier, so I reluctantly accepted it without much intention of using
them. 

The first few nights using it I didn’t even look at the camera feed, I
just used it as a radio. I’d listen in when I heard him, and get up to
check on him if I heard him for a few minutes. 

Last night, I couldn’t sleep. Stress with work and everything that’s
gone on in my life had me up, so I finally decided to explore the
companion app for the monitor. 

It came with the suite of what I’d assume are standard features;
Sound/Motion detection and tracking, two way voice, “night vision.” The
camera angle was awful, positioned way too high with the wall/ceiling
taking up more than a third of the frame. I couldn’t even see my son,
just the upper portion of the crib. 

That’s when I noticed a folder symbol at the bottom of my screen with a
notification icon. 

I opened it and in the folder was 3 video files, dated for the past 3
nights. Each video was 11 minutes and 6 seconds long. 

I opened the first video. I made it 2 minutes before I closed it and
opened the next, and then the third. 

All 3 of those videos recorded something interacting with my son. A thin
and disproportionate human figure emerged from the shadows in the corner
of the room. It took slow hunched steps towards my son’s crib, its face
nothing but a gaping mouth. No nose. No eyes. No ears.

It would reach my son, and lean over him. Its wiry hair would fall as it
stretched its bony arm into the crib with my son. What it did I couldn’t
see, the shit camera angle prevented me from knowing. It was when I was
in the 3rd video I got a notification. 

MOTION DETECTED

There it was again, slowly moving towards my son. 

I stopped thinking. I shot out of bed and kicked in the door to my son’s
nursery, ready to get him the hell out of there. But the entity didn’t
react at all. It remained hunched over my son perfectly silent. 

Now I could see what it was doing. It wasn’t hurting him. I watched as
it adjusted his blanket and began caressing his face, softly running a
jagged claw across his cheek. It was almost maternal in how it was.
Until I went to grab him.

The moment my hands went for my son, its clawed fingers pulled back and
slashed at me. My arm immediately felt like it was set on fire as blood
started to drip from the cuts. 

My only instinct was to kick forward. Aiming at the center mass of the
entity I drove my foot towards it, knocking it off balance enough to
grab my son and make for the door. But the thing was quick. I had just
gotten my son to my chest and it was already at my back.

I felt it slam against me, its claws digging at my flesh as I tried to
shield my son. I curled tightly to him, using my body weight to try and
break free from the monster and escape with my son. His cries against my
chest the only thing pushing me through the pain. 

Near my dresser I shoved backwards with all my weight, ramming it into
the old wood hard. The force was just enough to topple the large vanity
mirror my grandmother had given me. Glass showered me, biting into my
neck and shoulders as I curled further into a fetal position to protect
the one thing that mattered most to me. 

To my right I heard a wet gurgling, something like an old bathtub drain,
and the assault on my back had stopped. Turning my head slightly I saw
it partially hunched over, broken glass piercing from the little meat
was on its bones. It twitched violently, its gaping mouth dripping a
black tar like fluid. 

I scattered to my feet and began moving to the door, looking down to
make sure my son was unharmed. The crack of glass and broken wood got
faster as the twitching frame jerked towards me. Every movement snapped
like a marionette, catching on the broken mirror stuck in its body. 

As I reached the threshold of the room it lunged, catching my ankle with
a vice grip. Shards of glass and splinters of wood dug deep, making each
attempted pull to break free feel like agony. I let out a gasp as I felt
it’s other hand clamp down onto my calf, pulling itself off of the
floor. 

I let out a scream. Something primal and fueled by pain and anger. I
began stomping at the thing, screaming at it to leave me and my son
alone and cursing it under every God I could think of until its grip
finally loosened just enough for me to break free. 

I got through the door frame and slammed the door, but just as it was
about to hit the latch fingers emerged from the gap. I threw my weight
at the door, slamming it multiple times. Each slam was followed by a
sickening crunch, until the hand pulled back and the door shut. 

I threw my weight against the door and wedged my legs on the hallway
wall opposite of me. 

Slam. Slam. Slam. 

The thing inside threw its weight against the door in an attempt to
break free. Every slam I could hear the crunch of glass and snapping of
wood on the other side. It took everything in me to hold the door shut;
pain shooting up my back from the monster’s cuts and glass pushing
deeper into my skin.

Tears filled my eyes and I clung to my son as he wailed. With each
further slam I could feel the door frame giving way, and my lungs burned
the same heat as my muscles. I begged for any god or higher power to
save my son.

Then the banging stopped. I heard the shifting of broken glass move away
from the door and further into the room. 

I didn’t get up. I stayed right there for a good while just holding my
boy. When I finally got myself together to get off the floor, I
immediately packed our bags.

I almost called the police, until I looked around the room. They’d take
my son without asking any questions. The room was trashed, and I’m
covered in blood with no sign of anyone else there. With my custody
dispute on record they’d see a father who broke down in a manic episode
and trashed the room.

It’s currently 5:10 am. We are parked at a 24/7 gas station, and I don’t
know what to do. 

The camera recorded it all. A new video file is in the folder with the
same length as the others. But when I go to open the file, it has been
corrupted. Go figure technology would fail when I needed it the most.

Please, if anyone has been through something like this I need help. 
