Warning ⚠️ - Long post.

After much contemplation, I have finally decided on posting about my
creepy SIL. Not as thrilling or scary as other stories i have come
across on reddit but this is scary to me because it’s 100% true and it
happened to me just a few days back…

So, just a backstory - I have a cousin brother who is younger to me by 3
years and has gotten married recently (a week back). It was an arranged
marriage set up and the whole thing just seemed to be rushed tbh. He
first met the girl and her family around April end and the wedding was
finalized for June 2nd week. The whole thing was sus. Frankly it felt
like the girl’s family just wanted to get done with the wedding ASAP.

I urged my family to do a thorough background check but my uncle and
aunt insisted that they had done it and everything seems to be good. So
me and my parents let it be for the simple fact that we didn’t want to
be to be seen as too ‘negative’ or ‘pessimistic’ of us.

Later during the wedding prep time, my family found out that the girl
(my now SIL) has a brother who is a special child which they hid from
us. And mind you, I’m a mental health professional…we are a family of
doctors - the only thing that we found disturbing was they hid this fact
from us. They weren’t transparent and honest. And when we approached
them for discussion to understand about him a bit more, our intention
was misunderstood and we were blamed for being judgemental… They
threatened us saying if we call off the marriage now, there will be
consequences (although that thought never even entered our minds!!!!!)

I also met her for the first time one day prior to the wedding and just
found her overall behaviour a bit odd. I cannot particularly describe
what felt odd but it was a number of things…her lack of eye to eye
contact, seemed a bit asocial, odd facial expressions, sometimes no
facial expressions and also at times it felt as if she’s daydreaming and
is lost in her thoughts (again as I’m a mental health professional, acc
to my clinical accumen I have tried to fit her behaviour under some
condition like autism or like an absence seizure but she seemed to have
very normal behaviour with her family and friends and was behaving that
way only with our family…. almost like she was ‘switching’ between those
two personas from min to min…very odd.) We also got a few concerning
reports from other distant relatives about the bride and her family… But
it was too late to do anything one day before the wedding.

Anyway, back to the main plot - the wedding still took place despite all
the drama. We did all the post wedding rituals and that night my aunt
requested me that I accompany my sister in law as she is new to our
house and might be scared to sleep alone. (according to Hindu traditions
the couple isn’t allowed to be ‘together’ until the puja is done which
was scheduled for the next morning)

I wasn’t particularly comfortable with this request but I reluctantly
agreed. My SIL was already ready for bed but I had a few chores left to
do so I told her I’ll take another 20 to 30 mins and she should go to
sleep if she’s tired. After I finished my chores, I went to get ready
for bed. When I entered the room, my SIL was asleep. I laid down on my
side of the bed and waited to fall asleep.. I found this odd because I’m
someone who falls asleep quickly even on normal days.. and I was
expecting to fall asleep right away as i was dead tired because of the
wedding day festivities.

However, a few mins later I started to experience a very uneasy feeling…
palpitations, a feeling that someone’s watching me.. someone’s in the
room. I remember being wide awake and thinking about all possible
rational explanations for this feeling… I even looked over at my SIL but
her back was turned away from me. The bed is pretty big and she was at
the farthest end on the other side and this is an imp detail. I tried to
calm myself and just attributed this to dehydration or hormonal issues
(as I was taking OC pills then for delaying my periods). I opened up an
e book on my phone and started reading which calmed me down
considerably. After about 15 mins, I started feeling sleepy so I locked
my phone and went to sleep.

The next thing I remember is waking up with the same feeling and it was
5:03 am. I know the time because I checked my phone. Now it’s important
to know that this has never ever happened with me. I never wake up this
early and especially when I have gone to bed late the previous night. I
thought maybe I want to use the washroom but I didn’t feel the urge at
all. Just the uneasy creepy feeling again but like 10 times worse. And
I’m not exaggerating this at all. The position now was that I was turned
on my side facing her and she was turned to me too, eyes closed, not
even an arm’s length away. But i got the feeling that she’s awake…Just
her breathing pattern.. I knew it. She had her palm on my upper arm and
i could feel her hand slipping down bit by bit which felt very ‘in
control’ and **‘intentional’ and just 10 seconds later - she pinched me…
Like a very small and fine pinch which lasted for 10 seconds. And
because it was a fine pinch, it hurt me… I had tears in my eyes. But I
was too terrified to even say or do anything.. I know this sounds very
minor and petty and funny.. but i cannot explain the fear and terror I
felt in that moment. I started praying.. feverently… I didn’t move.. it
was like a gut instinct.. I was on autopilot.. felt like my responses
were already pre programmed and I wasn’t in control of anything. A few
seconds later her hand slipped down, after which she moved** her hand to
the side of her pillow. Again movements which felt too intentional for
someone appearing to be peacefully asleep. The uneasy feeling just kept
building and after another 10 seconds, I just couldn’t take it anymore..
I got up and dashed for the door. I had this scary thought for a second
’What if the door is locked?’

But thankfully it wasn’t… The moment I rushed out - that uneasy feeling
started dissipating… Bit by bit. Until 10 mins later I felt completely
calm.

That’s it. For a person who believes in the scientific, I’m sure all
this has some explanation… But the feeling of primal fear that night has
really humbled me.. it’s made me realise that sometimes things are
unexplainable and you just need to learn to accept them.

I have decided that I’m not going to base my entire opinion about my SIL
based on this one incident.. I’m someone who likes to see the good in
people and feels that if people are behaving a certain way there’s a
rational reason behind it.. so let’s see what the future holds.

But the fact is she still creeps me out…

TL; DR - My sister in law creeps me out, odd behaviour, absent stares,
weird expressions and pinched me when I was next to her .. felt like she
wanted to hurt me.
