I need to know if what I’m experiencing is in my head or actually
happening. For context, I’ve lived in this apartment for a while. I have
4 months left on my lease. It’s basically a long strip of one-story
apartments, no upstairs neighbors, thankfully. I guess you would call
that a one-story multi-family building. My neighbors have always been
your pretty typical neighbors, occasionally noisy, going in and out a
lot, but nothing you wouldn’t consider normal. We have occasional
glances at times, you know, a good, friendly smile and wave, and then
you go back to your day. But let’s focus on the topic at hand the reason
I’m making this post in the first place.
Last week, I was sitting on my couch watching TV.
I hear a knock.

I turn the volume down, partly to hear if there’s another knock, but
also because maybe I had the TV too loud and it was a courtesy knock.
The way the apartment is set up, I’m at the very end of the row, meaning
I only have one neighbor, Jennifer. I’m actually very close with her.
Sometimes she’ll knock on my door and see if I wanna join her to smoke
or talk for a bit. I’m not very social and don’t have any real
connections outside Jen.

Knock

I pause the TV, standing up to check the door to see if maybe it is Jen,
although it’s pretty late in the evening. Peering into the peephole, I
see no one is there. I wait a few seconds maybe someone accidentally
knocked on the wrong apartment. I sit back down and unpause the TV.

Knock

I swiftly turn my head to look behind me; this didn’t come from the
door. It came from further down the hallway, somewhere near my bedroom.
I wait a second to see if I hear it again, nothing. Must’ve been an
animal or something outside bumping into the wall. I shrug it off, not
thinking too much of it. By the time I go to bed, I’m embarrassed that I
even let a couple of knocks get to my head like that.

The next morning, I’m just thankful I get to relax and don’t have to
work today. I step outside to see how warm it is in case I decide to
head out later, and I see Jen outside smoking. She’s an older woman in
her late 40s. Light brown hair already greying, presumably from the
natural stresses of life. I’d even go so far as to say she looks like
Brooke Shields, but in a totally different tax bracket.
I walk up to her lawn chairs placed on our sidewalk and take a seat.

“Hey, how have you been?” she says, lighting up her cigarette.
“Same old, same old, just working,” I shrug. “How have you been”
She gives a lighthearted chuckle. “About the same. Actually, quick
question were you moving furniture last night?”
“No? Why do you ask”
“I don’t know I just heard some thumping or maybe knocking thought it
was you.”
I hesitate but laugh it off quietly. “Actually, I heard it too”
Jen takes a slow drag and glances down the row of apartments. “Huh”
“What?”
“Nothing.” She looks like she’s about to say something but shakes it
off. “Anyway, wanna smoke?”

We stand there a few minutes chatting, catching up. Work, the weather,
the news. Mundane stuff, nonetheless, I really appreciate her company,
and I can tell she does too. Suddenly I see something in my peripheral
vision. It’s Mr. Johnson from apartment 6, an older man, way older than
Jen. He’s standing outside his door just staring at it. His eyes were
blank, almost glazed, looking exhausted, like he’s not really there or
not consciously thinking. He’s not opening it, not even a hand on the
nob.
I watch him for a moment, my full focus completely on him if Jen’s
talking, I’ve completely tuned it out. He’s just staring. After a few
seconds, he places his palm against the door. “Does he always do that?”
I ask, gesturing to Mr. Johnson.

But by the time she looks over, Mr Johnson has already gone inside. Jen
shrugs. “Probably forgot something”
“Yeah, you’re right,” but I can’t help but look at his door probably
longer than I should. It just seemed so odd to me. I mean, I’ve sure as
hell never had such an intimate moment with a fucking door, for lack of
better words. “Well, I’ll see you later, Jen. Thanks for the cigarette,”
I say, quickly deciding I need to go back inside.
“Of course”

Back in my apartment, I’m continuing my day off as usual, playing video
games and watching TV exactly what I need.

Around noon, I’d say I pause my game to get something to snack on. As
I’m talking through the kitchen
SLAM

A car door slammed shut. I go to my living room to glance out the
window. Mr. Johnson is standing by his car. With a slam that loud, I
assumed he would be angry, or something had happened, like an emergency,
and he had to rush off, but there he is, holding a grocery bag in his
hand. He looks at his apartment, then at his car, then back at his
apartment. I watch him walk inside, come back out. Grocery bag gone. He
opens his trunk and pulls out another grocery bag. I laugh. “Of course,”
he’s just putting groceries away. That’s all it is. I’m just being
paranoid maybe I’m overworked and exhausted. I don’t know. I go back to
my game, no longer really wanting a snack. About twenty minutes later

Knock
I pause the game, controller in my hand.
Nothing.
I take my headset off, sliding it down to rest on my shoulders.
Nothing.
I get up and walk to the front door. I don’t open it, I can’t. I’ve seen
way too many horror movies i know better. I press my ear against it and
listen. Footsteps. They stop directly in front of my door. I hold my
breath, waiting for the knock.
Nothing.

I hear them keep walking down the sidewalk. “Fuck…” I let out a sigh of
relief. It had to be someone just passing by, but there isn’t anywhere
for someone to go past my apartment. There is no sidewalk left to walk
on. Whatever, I’m gonna try not to think about it all of this could be
explained away.

Later that afternoon, I figure that even though all I want to do is
relax and rot in my apartment, I should still be productive. I decide to
take out my trash. I walk outside, head towards the dumpster at the
opposite end of the row, and see Mr. Johnson outside his apartment. I
stop.
“Hey,” I say, trying to be friendly
He smiles. “Afternoon.” his eyes move past me. Looking through me into
my apartment. Not obviously, but enough that I take notice. “Taking the
trash out?”
“Yeah, gotta do it at some point,” I laugh softly
He nods. “Good”
I walk around him, my eyebrows furrowed with confusion and, honestly,
concern, and as I do, I hear him say my name.

I stop, turn around. “Yeah?” He looks confused. “What?”
“You said my name? Did you need something?”
He looks at me for a brief second and smiles again. “I didn’t say
anything.” I stare back at him. Silence, neither of us saying a word.
Finally, I shrug and keep walking. I don’t look back. I throw the trash
away and quickly head back inside my apartment, basically running. When
I close my door, I lock it. I stand there for a second, my hand on the
deadbolt. I don’t know why I locked it. Mr Johnson has never done
anything to me. He’s always friendly, nice enough. Maybe a little
strange sometimes, but he’s an older gentleman. As people age, they
sometimes act a bit off. I don’t wanna say senile, but definitely odd. I
go back to my game in a fruitless attempt to forget my interaction with
him.

The sun is setting now, and I realize I haven’t heard anything. No cars,
no dogs, no voices. Nothing, deathly silence. I look through the blinds.
All the apartments are quiet, cars parked. Mr Johnson’s apartment is
dark. Jen’s porch is empty. I close the blinds, and then I hear it.
Sounds like something dragging along the concrete. From one end of the
apartment row to my end of the row.
Scape.
Pause
Scrape
Pause

I am silent, frozen, just listening. The sound gets closer, louder,
faster. My head is filled with scenarios progressively worsening with
each thought.
Scrape
pause
Scrape
Pause.

It stops. It’s right outside of my apartment; it has to be. I force
myself to look through the blinds one more time, and I see nothing. How
can I see nothing? Someone, something has to be there, I heard it. It
was so vivid. Nothing happens.
Ten seconds
Twenty
Thirty

Knock

I can’t move. I can’t breathe. Who is it? Mr Johnson? Jen? Maybe. Hell,
it could be someone walking their dog. No, no, that doesn’t make any
sense. The scraping I heard it can’t be a dog. A few seconds pass. I
hear them walking away. I peek one more time when I can’t hear them
anymore. The walkway is empty. But something catches my eye. Mr
Johnson’s door is open, just a crack. I stare at it. I don’t know why,
but I can’t look away. It could be out of fear, curiosity, or it could
be something else entirely all I know is I can’t stop staring. The door
closes. It looks like someone from the outside is trying to pull it shut
quietly. I let go of the blinds. And for the first time today, I know
the knocks weren’t a coincidence. I know it’s not something I can just
shrug off. I have to do something, anything other than stare at my
blinds like an idiot. I turn off my system and go to the bedroom,
turning up the TV as much as possible without risking a noise complaint,
doing what I can to drown out any future knocks or sounds I might hear.

I lay there in my bed, not even watching the show I put on I’m just
focused on trying to rationalize everything. Whoever was outside had to
be Mr. Johnson. Maybe he stepped outside, saw me watching, and went back
inside. I mean, I’m sure I also seemed strange staring the way I was.
I’m sure it made him uncomfortable. Maybe he just had something heavy in
his hands he couldn’t pick up due to his age? But why the pauses, why
this late? Why the knocking? Why wouldn’t he remember saying my name?
There has to be an explanation. There’s always an explanation.

Suddenly I hear a door slamming shut. I have to know, so I make my way
to my front door, cracking it open to get a good look so I can truly
know what’s going on. It’s Mr Johnson. He’s standing in front of a door…
but it’s not his door. It’s not anyone’s door, it doesn’t even look like
it would fit. It looks so out of place, like it’s wedged between two
different apartments. He is just standing there, staring at this door.
There’s no number on it, from what I can tell. His jaw began jerking
side to side violently, his teeth grinding together in an unnatural
rhythm his mouth stretched, jaw unhinged.

He whips his head quickly, looking right at me. He knew I was looking.
My stomach drops. He places his hand on the knob of the door, and I
quickly close my own, locking it behind me. Letting out a breath I
didn’t even know I was holding. As I’m writing this, trying to recount
what happened, my body keeps reacting as though I’m still there. My
hands shake. My chest tightens. Every time I get to that part of the
story, something in me screams to stop remembering.

And maybe I should listen.
