 I will be honest, this is a retelling of a nightmare that I had which
has since stayed with me for quite some time. I do not exactly know what
this nightmare means, or what it correlates to in my own mind but
keeping it bottled up has done me no favours. So I’ll tell it in hopes
that maybe it will haunt me no longer.

The nightmare originally began as something more like a dream. It was
late afternoon, and I was sitting in the lounge with my mother, and we
were arguing about something. I do not remember the nature of the
argument, but I did remember that it had something to do with my
excessive, social media use, at the time I was confused, but I simply
shrugged and decided to go for a walk, but I did remember that there
were two young girls in the room with me. Their faces were unfamiliar,
and I could not recognize where they were from. Nevertheless, I
continued out the door and found myself in some sort of industrial area
or ghetto.

 I remember the buzz of the lights, the echoes from the nearby parking
lot, and the rumbling of trains crossing over tracks in the distance. By
the time I realised that I wasn’t anywhere familiar, I blinked and found
myself back at the top of the street where I just came from. But now to
my left was a whole suburb of old rental beach houses, the industrial
area was now surrounded with foliage, palm trees, and high fences. For a
while I was quite relaxed, and felt like I was on holiday. By now the
sun was setting in the distance and all the porch, street, and welcome
signs were lighting up the walkway. I began to walk through the area,
keeping to the paths and avoiding trespassing on any properties.

I would then come to the bottom of the street, four or five houses cut
off at a turn onto the next street which led me back to where I
originally was. However as I was about to keep walking, I noticed two
familiar faces, it was the girls from earlier, they ran from across the
street where I was walking and behind a row of bushes on one of the
properties, I was a little confused at first but I wasn’t able to piece
together my thoughts for long, when I saw a cop car come from where I
just walked. I was a little spooked but as they drove past me, I calmed
down and began my walk once again.

But as I turned to the right, and was ready to head down the next
street, I caught a glimpse of the girls, still hiding, I was honestly
prepared to just let it go and ignore them but then they ran over and
into the house which they were hiding in front of, I originally assumed
that they must’ve lived there and were just screwing around, but then I
got worried, something about them hiding for no reason, coming out of
nowhere, and roaming the streets late was setting off alarms in my head,
so I turned towards the house the police had just entered.
 
I’m quite a nervous person, I don’t like getting into fights, or putting
myself at risk, and have always acted rather cold and distant, but when
it comes to kids, I feel a wave of protectiveness, and a sense that I
must do the right thing to ensure that they are safe, needless to say
that when I approached the dimly lit house with the cops inside, I
remember myself acting shifty and weird, I felt like if I didn’t explain
myself right, I could end up sounding like a creep, but I was able to
get my message across to the police, they assured me that they would
speak with the kids, and make sure they were safe.

With this reassurance I no longer felt so unsure, and prepared myself to
leave, heading outside and making my way back down the street, when
suddenly I saw the girls again, this time running towards the house I
just left. I knew that this was what I wanted, I wanted them to be safe,
to be out of harm, and to be with someone who could ensure they were
properly protected, but I couldn’t accept it. I had to be sure that they
were okay, and so I turned around and headed back towards the house.

Once I stepped across the threshold of the dimly lit building, something
changed, I wasn’t confident anymore, I felt ill, like my stomach had a
deep pit within it, I was nauseous and my head was spinning, but I
carried on, standing in the open lounge were the girls, they were
sitting down, calm, relaxed, and keeping close to one another, honestly
I felt stupid, like I was being paranoid, overdramatic, and putting
myself into weird situations, but then the girls got up, heading towards
the large, sliding glass doors you typically see on modern houses, they
opened one of them and headed outside, the garden was odd, It was
perfectly symmetrical, large Weeping canopies on either side, stretching
towards the darkness, where the patio light couldn’t reach, as the girls
crossed the threshold into the darkness. I didn’t follow.

I don’t know why? But instead I headed towards the front door and headed
back out onto the street, I didn’t carry on down the path I originally
went, and instead turned right, back from where I originally came from,
but I didn’t get far, I got this strange feeling to look back, and when
I did, there was a man, I can’t exactly explain it but, he looked like a
typical burglar, black mask, black jacket, jeans, and boots, but he
wasn’t looking at me, it was like he was waiting in the wings, waiting
to ambush someone, I was confused but then, I was terrified, behind him,
sitting in the grass was one of the cops, lifeless, unmoving, and
crumpled into a mess on the ground, around them was their hat, radio,
and firearm… 

It was strange what happened next, but my body began to move on its own,
taking a large circling motion around the guy, and carefully picking up
the gun, quietly I snuck up on him and placed it behind his head, with
no hesitation, I fired, the shot was deafening, and my blood began to
rush to my head, I had lost all sensation in my fingers, my legs felt
heavy, and my forehead was drenched in sweat.

 I’m not a violent person, I don’t like the idea of using force as a
means to deal with a situation, but in that moment I began to think
about the girls, and how I was a coward for not sticking by them, for
letting them wander, and for not following them into the garden, I left
the dark corner of the house, where I had just shot the interloper, when
suddenly I was being rushed by five or six random guys, all wearing
similar outfits like the last guy. What came next felt like some
unnatural, yet violent game in the claustrophobic suburban street
corner, and my adrenaline was moving my body in a pure flow of fight or
flight.

I worked my way through the masked creeps, unaware if I was in the
right, I felt like I was an outsider in this situation. Like a camera
following an actor into their next action scene, but every muscle, every
sense of nausea, and adrenaline was my own, piloting me towards the
house. Rushing back into the dimly lit house and past the lounge, I felt
sick but instead of encountering anymore assailants, I found a small yet
steady trickle of blood, leading from the patio, all the way past the
trees, my heart stopped, blood ran cold, and dread began to settle in.

On one side was darkness so oppressive that I could almost hear the
humming of the light behind me, and to my right, past the rolling,
vacant hills, and sandy dunes in the distance, was the lining of
powerlines and pylons which loomed over the hills, like giants absorbing
all light from the vaguely setting sun. Despite all that happened, all
my apprehension, nausea, and dread. I pushed on, using my phone torch to
light my way past the trees.

As I moved deeper into the darkness, I kept praying that the girls were
okay, though I didn’t know them, my dream and in turn my mind, appointed
them as some kind of importance, and so, I had to save them, but I was
too late. Just past the last two trees, hanging below into the wild
grass, draped across a wooden fence, was the girls, or at least parts of
them, someone had chosen to splay them across the back of the garden, a
whole patch of grass was seeped in red, the sight had me completely
shaken, it was cruel, and just from how things were set out, it wasn’t a
monster that did this, everything was surgical, deliberate, and taken
with care. But the back wall, it had a long streak of viscera lining it,
like something was laying against it before being dragged up, and over.

This was already a hellish sight but my body pressed on, taking my time
in climbing up and over the fence, but instead of finding my footing on
the pavement, or more grass, I was perched on top of a building, either
I was completely out of it or had greatly misjudged how far I had
climbed. But I wasn’t given any sense of escape from my dread, as when I
took in my immediate surroundings, I was met by the sight of a head, not
one of the girls, but another young girl, just left there, discarded
like an empty can on a school roof. 

I felt like I had ran into some sort of cruel game, the whole thing was
evil, pure evil, and it was meant to torment me, I soon began to feel
all my sense of self, and existence being ripped away from me, and soon
I became an outsider, a player who  was controlling a protagonist of a
very fucked up situation, as I began to find my balance again, I took
notice of the head, now adorned with a sloppy, stitched together body,
all dressed up in a frilly pink dress.

But of all the things that could have pushed me to my breaking point, it
was the hands, or rather the lack of them, instead of human hands, some
sick bastard had taken the liberty to sew a cat’s paws to them, by this
point I felt nothing, my mind was weak, my nerves were shot, and all
colour faded from my vision, I lost, my peaceful walk ended in cruelty,
death, and a sick-twisted display of morbid “art”

By now, I had given up, I just wanted to fade into nothing, but then,
some sort of prompt, from an old, JRPG appeared just below my vision as
I looked at the display sat before me, it was simple sentence, but it
carved me to my core, and all it said was 

“Paws seem suitable, for someone who always cried”

Then the nightmare took a sickening turn, the final nail in the coffin
which shock me awake, It was still night, the moon was barely peaking
over the houses outside my window, and I was breathing like I had all
the oxygen sucked from my body, I was drenched in sweat, my heart was
pounding, yet felt hollow in my chest, and I didn’t want to go back to
sleep

This nightmare is something that latches onto me, not because of all the
horrors that happened, but because I was happy for a moment. I was at
peace and my surroundings, while unfamiliar, were serene and beautiful,
and when I went back to check on girls, I almost felt like a hero,
running into danger.

but I wasn’t.. I failed them, they never existed, just nameless faces
conjured up by my subconscious but still I feel the guilt and sickness
for failing them, my nightmare punished me for trying to be a hero 

 
