It’s hard to say this , but my neighbors are kittens

Not in some metaphor on how cute they are , no , they are literally
kittens

For some context i live in a kind of nice apartment like there’s a food
court and stuff , but my neighbors who is in apartment 24 doesn’t go
outside at all and I keep on hearing two kittens in there but When I
talk to people about it , they just think i’m joking

You May be asking why well?It’s because everyone in the building.Besides
, me says that the neighbors which are apparently called the jake’s
always come out for dinner and other stuff.

Like when I’m in the food court, people start joking with air. Like
there’s nothing at the chairs, but people keep on joking with them even
a kid. Once hugged air and no one questions. It besides me.

So one day I was tired and also there’s like a fire exit right next to
my window that also connects to the neighbors , so I went on there in
the middle of the night , and I looked through the window , and it was
like pretty dark , but I saw two kittens , one was gray , and one was
orange

The entire place was trashed, there were scratch marks everywhere. The
wallpapers were damaged, there’s fragments of the toilet in the bathroom
everywhere. Toilet water was scattered. All the furniture was scratched
up and broken All the ceramics were broken too. It looked like a total
mess.

A day later I told my neighbor who is a girl about it but she said that
it’s one of the cleanest rooms in the whole hotel and the jakes never
had any kittens and some other stuff like It feels like everyone is
brainwashed into believing that they always go out.But the door never
open and the kittens have never once gone out

Also, you might be thinking what about people passing by?Wouldn’t they
see the kittens?But when people pass by , they wave out the window , and
they think that there’s people in there too

I asked someone a crucial question later about , how do people actually
know they’re there and he replies what do? You mean they always come out
and do stuff and eat.So I just wanted to my room , then a day later ,
the same guy i knocked on my door and said the jakes want to meet you
fully and want to talk to you. So I went and the guy starts saying talk
to them, but there’s no one there and the kittens are still in that
room. And I just ate , and now i’m sitting to typing this out

Cancel one, please tell me what’s going on.Is it that the entire town is
brainwashed into believing these kittens are real or is it Some drug
from the kittens and were the kittens always kittens , or were they
originally human and transformed into kittens can someone on Reddit?Help
me, just, I’m thinking what is happening so Can someone tell me the
answers , please
