I’m not really sure where else to talk about this.

My family, the police, and even the damn HOA refuse to take me seriously
because what’s been going on isn’t technically illegal.

Apparently, chanting strange and mind-shattering hymns in your basement
at three in the morning falls under “religious freedom.”

So I’m posting this here because if I disappear tonight, at least
someone will know my story. Oh, and before you ask:

Yes, I am aware of how all of this will sound.

Yes, I should have acted a lot sooner.

And yes, I know trying to shoot my neighbor with a shotgun is a horrible
decision!

But, in my defense, I’m pretty positive that he’s trying to summon an
eldritch god. That, and I just found out the fucker has been stealing my
WiFi for the past eight months!

I won’t lie, the latter is what pushed me over the edge.

Anyways.

My name is Oliver, I’m 29, and until relatively recently, I’ve been
living in the most mundane and mediocre suburb in Southern Idaho.

-–

The housing development is called Willow Creek Estates, which, funnily
enough, has no willow trees or creeks within a 10-mile radius. Almost
every house looks identical except for infinitesimal cosmetic
differences that realtors use to convince potential buyers that the
homes have personality.

Some had blue shutters instead of white, while others had fake stone
siding.

One guy has a goat statue for reasons I will never comprehend. Maybe I
should look into him next?

I moved here after my divorce because it was dirt cheap, mostly quiet,
and it has one of those hole-in-the-wall Mexican food places five
minutes away. Those breakfast tacos are to die for!

Moving in was pretty easy since I didn’t have much, but what made it
interesting was that it was the same day I met my new neighbor, Charlie.

Charlie lives next door to me. He’s about in his mid-thirties,
dreadfully pale, wears thick glasses, and jittered like a shaved
chihuahua.

Being a sociable guy, I decided to approach him first and extended my
hand. He returned the gesture and told me his name after I gave mine.
That part was fine, but then he said, “Sorry in advance for the
screams.”

Naturally, this was concerning.

“Screams?”

He blinked vacantly and said, “Yes, my friends and I can be quite
boisterous late at night. Hope that doesn’t bother you!”

I shrugged and told him that it shouldn’t be a problem since I’m a heavy
sleeper.

With that, he looked quite relieved before saying he had to get going
and hoped to talk with me again soon. He then shuffled back into his
house, carrying six gallons of milk. Not cartons. Gallons.

At first, I thought it was for kids or baking. But I would learn later
that the milk was not used for anything rational.

-–

The screaming started roughly around 2 to 3 AM.

At first, I thought it was a dying fox outside. But the rabid
animalistic screams were soon followed by even louder chanting.

The sounds drifted through my bedroom wall, which conveniently lay
adjacent to the outside entrance of Charlie’s basement.
It was a mix of howling, yipping, and rhythmic Gregorian-style
ramblings.

Rubbing my eyes and getting curious, I opened my bedroom window and
listened, hearing, “IAN VORATH… IAN VORATH,” continuously on a loop for
hours!

I didn’t get much sleep that night.

The next morning, I found myself slumped over the edge of my bed close
to the ajar window, and when I took a look outside, I found Charlie
raking his lawn.

He seemed to notice me staring, because without hesitation, he shifted
towards me, saying, “Morning, Oliver! I’m just raking the leaves around
the lawn. I can come get yours after I’m done with my yard!”

Feeling my eyes droop, all I could do was nod in approval. While I was a
bit pissed about the noise, I didn’t have a rake, so I wasn’t gonna deny
free help.

“Oh, and before I forget,” he said while running back towards his house,
then right back to my window. “Here’s a token of our new friendship. And
sorry again for the noise.”

He then handed me a container of homemade shepherd’s pie.

The pie was phenomenal btw! Like, genuinely diet-altering stuff.

Chunks of lamb, fresh veggies, and perfect seasoning!

When I asked if he had added anything special to it, Charlie just stared
for a long while with that creepy vacant smile.

“The bay leaf is quite important, Oliver,” he said quietly.

-–

Things escalated from there.

Over the next few months, I started noticing increasingly disturbing
things going on around Charlie’s house.

Oddly shaped bags being buried in his yard, people in dark robes
entering through the side gate at night, and symbols spray-painted onto
his garage door for exactly one day before disappearing, just to name a
few.

One morning, I looked out my kitchen window and found Charlie standing
in his backyard holding what looked like a book made of flesh.

He waved, to which I waved back because I’m not an asshole, of course.

All of these events, while somewhat self-contained, were clearly red
flags that are grounds for some form of investigation. I should have
sent a report or made a call to someone a week after moving in, but I
didn’t. Why, you may ask?

Well, as it may be apparent from my face-to-face interactions with the
man, Charlie is one of the nicest men I’ve ever met.

That’s what made this difficult.

Because every time I gathered enough courage to confront him about the
obvious cult activity, he’d do something insanely thoughtful.

Like the time my car battery died during a snowstorm.

Due to my boss sucking complete ass, my company didn’t close for the day
since we might get stragglers from the storm. That means I had to be up
bright and early to get there on time.

Begrudgingly, I walked outside at 6 AM, and what do I find but Charlie
already hooking jumper cables to his car.

“I noticed your headlights were a bit dim yesterday,” he explained.

“You… noticed that?”

“Yes, I always try to pay attention to my neighbor’s housing and
vehicular needs.”

“Oh, thanks, I guess. How long have you been out here?”

“About an hour.”

“Why?”

“I didn’t want you to be late for work and wasn’t sure when you’d be up
and at ’em.”

Another time, I got the flu.

I didn’t even tell anyone.

Somehow, Charlie knew immediately.

He knocked on my door only a day after getting sick, wearing rubber
gloves and holding some soup, medicine, a humidifier, and a DVD case
labeled “COMFORT VIEWING.”

Inside the case were all the seasons of Bob Ross.

Genuinely curious, I asked how he knew I was sick.

He shrugged awkwardly.

“The Watcher told me last night.”

That should not have comforted me as much as it did.

-–

While I was having this strange back and forth with Charlie, the
neighborhood itself started getting weird, too.

Pets disappeared first.

Then people.

Not tons of people, but enough to make local Facebook groups stir about.

I also remember Mrs. Hargrove from three houses down claimed she saw “a
man with backward bent knees” crawling behind the community pool.

Nobody really believed her because she once called animal control on a
lawn flamingo.

Still.

Something was definitely wrong around the cul-de-sac. 

A good few weeks after people started going missing, the noises that
exuded from Charlie’s basement sounded closer. Like, right outside my
window.

But these sounds were different.

Instead of chanting and what I assume to be ritualistic animal
sacrifices, it was breathing.

Labored and heavy, like something enormous was slowly inhaling through
waterlogged lungs.

One night, I got sick of hearing it, so I peeked outside and shouted,
“QUIT BREATHING AGAINST MY WIN…”

I stopped in the middle of my sentence.

Standing in front of me, about a hairsbreadth away, was the back of a
large, dark figure.

Noticing my presence, it slowly turned to look at me. Its face was
unfathomable, like literally just not visible. But, even through the
constant gurgling coming from this thing’s lungs, I could still make out
words.

“My apologies…”

My eyes went wide as the words weren’t spoken to me, but seemingly
placed into my head; some real Professor X-type shit.

I could only nod and sheepishly say, “Thanks, have a good night.”

With his apology accepted, the thing began to walk towards the sidewalk
and disappeared into the night. It was so large that it blocked out the
streetlights it walked by.

The next morning, Charlie knocked on my door holding banana bread.

“I’m sorry if the Pilgrim caused you any trouble last night; he doesn’t
know better,” he said gently.

I stared at him.

“The what? You mean that big thing that skulked outside my window?”

“Yes. The Pilgrim is his name.”

“…Charlie.”

“Yes?”

“What the hell is the Pilgrim?”

He adjusted his glasses.

“A traveler of sorts. Think of him as a tourist experiencing our
culture.”

“Dude, he just stood at my window looking at the garden gnomes across
the street.”

Even he was taken aback by that and then mumbled something under his
breath about buying garden gnomes.

The banana bread he brought over was amazing.

That’s another problem.

Everything he baked tasted like it had won awards.

You can’t fully hate someone whose muffins make you genuinely emotional.

-–

After my encounter with the Pilgrim, though, I started researching cults
online.

It’s surprising how open cults and other communities are with their
information. I found plenty of peculiar things, but it wasn’t until I
got to a website called “The Spiral Below” that I started finding things
specific to Charlie’s activities.

It described there being a chaotic realm that delved deep beneath our
reality. Apparently, it’s a place filled with dark creatures and
eldritch horrors that seek to feast on the sanity of the ignorant
masses. Sounds like a political podcast.

One forum post specifically mentioned followers leaving bowls of milk
outside during lunar eclipses to feed wandering entities.

Remember the six gallons?

Yeah.

At this point, I became convinced Charlie was part of some apocalypse
cult trying to summon an ancient cosmic horror.

But then he’d ruin it by doing something wholesome, which made my
accusations look crazy!

Like babysitting.

-–

My sister dropped off my six-year-old nephew, Mason, one weekend while
she handled some emergency work thing.

I was panicking because I know absolutely nothing about children.
Divorced, remember?

Despite this, his stay with me was going well. All I really had to do
was get him some food, like a sandwich or something, and let him watch
YouTube on a tablet.

However, while on an important work call, I didn’t notice that Mason
vanished from my house.

I came into the living room after my call and saw that Mason and my
tablet were nowhere to be found, and the front door was wide open.

I obviously freaked and went on a frantic search around the
neighborhood.

It didn’t take long to find him sitting in Charlie’s backyard.

Charlie seemed to be teaching him how to make dinosaur-shaped pancakes
on a portable griddle.

They had tiny chocolate-chip eyes, and M&M scales lined their backs.

“Uncle Oliver!” he yelled. “Mr. Charlie knows magic!”

Charlie looked embarrassed, rubbing his chin bashfully.

“It’s mostly just geometry and some finesse with a spatula.”

Then Mason proudly showed me a bracelet Charlie had made for him out of
colored string.

“What’s this symbol?” I asked.

“Mr. Charlie says it keeps the Teeth Eaters away!”

Charlie slowly flipped a pancake, which sizzled loudly, breaking the
awkward silence between my nephew and me.

I took Mason home immediately.

-–

For the next few weeks, I avoided Charlie as much as possible.

Which was hard because he apparently possessed supernatural awareness of
my whereabouts and emotional state.

If I seemed stressed, he brought me food.

If I looked tired, he just so happened to be coming back from a coffee
run.

One time, I had a horrible day at work and came home to find a basket of
bread and jams sitting on my porch with a note:

“YOU ARE WEATHERING EXISTENCE ADMIRABLY. - C”

Honestly?

That was really nice of him.

Then came the barbecue.

-–

The neighborhood organized a weekend summer block party because the
homeowners’ association thought it would “bring everyone together.”

Which is HOA language for “please stop emailing us about the raccoon
skeleton near the mailbox cluster.”

Charlie attended wearing a black Hawaiian shirt and sandals, carrying a
giant aluminum tray.

Inside were some of the best ribs I’ve ever tasted.

People lost their minds over these ribs.

Even Mr. Donnelly, who once described salted mashed potatoes as “too
spicy,” went back for thirds.

While everyone was going bananas over his food, Charlie opted to stand
awkwardly beside the grill.

“You really cooked all this?” an older man I didn’t know asked.

Charlie nodded.

“The marinade requires a lot of patience.”

“What’s in it?”

He thought for a moment.

“Paprika. Brown sugar. Apple cider vinegar. Shoggoth mucus.”

Everyone laughed, while I was just wondering what the hell a Shoggoth
is.

Charlie didn’t; he just smiled while slurping down a Capri-Sun.

Around sunset, people pulled out the alcohol.

Music played.

Kids ran around.

For one brief moment, things felt normal again.

Then Mrs. Hargrove asked Charlie what he did for work.

“I’ve never really thought of it before, but I always wonder where you
go in the day,” she said.

“Oh,” he said softly. “Administrative support.”

“For who?”

“The Spiral.”

Mrs. Hargrove raised her eyebrow, “The Spiral? Is that a business or
some sort?”

“We’re a nonprofit group.”

“That’s so lovely, dear! Do you take donations? I’m sure whatever you’re
doing is helping the world.”

Charlie looked down at her and smiled real big, “Don’t worry, what
you’ll be giving us soon will be more than enough. And yes, I like to
think we are doing our part for the sake of the world.”

Bull. Shit.

Later that night, I ended up sitting beside him near the fire pit after
most people had gone home.

He stared at the stars for a while before speaking.

“You’re afraid of me, Oliver. I can feel it from the way you look at
me.”

I considered lying.

Instead, I said:

“…A little.”

Charlie nodded sadly, then said something that made me feel pretty
crappy in the moment.

“That’s reasonable. It’s hard to be friendly towards someone you don’t
understand.”

Then he took a long sip of lemonade.

“You should know we’re very close now.”

“Close to what?”

“The final step for salvation. For HIS arrival.”

The way he said it made my skin crawl.

Not dramatic.

Not evil.

Just… tired.

Like a homeless man after battling birds for a garbage can sandwich.

“Come again?”

He was quiet for a long time, then continued.

“Do you ever think humanity was made incorrectly?”

“Like, by God?”

“So much suffering. So much loneliness. Hunger. Violence. Isolation.” He
looked down at his hands. “But we found a solution. A correction.”

I laughed nervously, sweat trailing down every part of my body.

“Haha, you’re a funny guy, Chuck.”

“I’m not being funny.”

The decorative string lights flickered overhead.

Charlie continued softly:

“When the Veil opens fully, there won’t be such pains anymore.”

“That sounds exactly like something a freaky cultist would say.”

“I am a cultist.”

I choked on my drink. I mean, sure, it was obvious, but I didn’t think
he’d outright admit to it!

“Charlie—”

“We prefer calling ourselves a community outreach group, however.”

That was the moment I decided I needed evidence.

Real evidence.

Because either:

A. Charlie was genuinely involved in some horrifying cosmic cult.

Or—

B. I was losing my mind from prolonged exposure to suburbia.

But, just like he said, the “salvation” or whatever loomed close, and
things got even worse than before.

-–

Nine people vanished in one week, but for some reason, the police were
none the wiser.

And every night, the various creatures near Charlie’s home, as well as
the rituals, increased in volume.

And then came the last straw… Finding out about the WiFi.

Listen carefully.

This is important.

I started working remotely almost a year ago, so my internet speed
matters to me.

For months after getting my new job, my connection had been awful.

Lag spikes. Disconnects. Random outages.

I blamed Spectrum because obviously.

Then one night, after an aforementioned outage, I checked the connected
devices list on my router.

There were twelve unknown devices.

TWELVE.

And I knew that it was Charlie because they all had names like:

-   OBSERVER_NODE
-   CHOIR_TEMP
-   VEILWATCHER
-   ALTAR-IPAD

I’m sorry.

ALTAR IPAD!?

Turning red in the face, I marched next door immediately and banged on
Charlie’s door. It opened and out stepped my neighbor wearing an apron
that said “FLAY THE COOK.” Behind him, I heard cries of anguish and what
sounded like chains dragging across concrete.

“Ollie, what a pleasant surprise. I just finished making some spinach
puffs. What can I do for you?”

First off, I know I called him Chuck once, but Ollie? Yuck.

“Charlie,” I said calmly, “have you been stealing my WiFi?”

He blinked.

“…Technically borrowing.”

“You have TWELVE DEVICES connected.”

“Yes.”

“WHY DOES ONE SAY ALTAR IPAD?”

“Oh. That’s for hymnals.”

I stared at him, my blood boiling.

He looked genuinely ashamed.

“I can contribute to the bill,” he offered quietly.

“That’s not the point!”

“Well, I need your boosted signal, Oliver. It’s the bandwidth rituals.
They require stable upload speeds, and my internet doesn’t do the
trick.”

“WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?”

He hesitated.

“The livestreams.”

I felt my soul leave my body.

“You’re livestreaming cult activity on my internet?”

“It helps outreach.”

Then, and I swear this is true, he handed me a plate of his spinach
puffs, like that made us square.

But, not wishing to engage with a cultist with little to no backup or
weapons, I went back to my house, shaking with rage. There’s something
uniquely infuriating about someone using your WiFi to potentially end
civilization.

-–

Over the next few days, things finally came to a head.

The sky became a constant shade of red and purple, and the others around
the neighborhood acted stranger than ever.

Sleepwalking, mumbling to inanimate objects, and standing motionless in
their driveways late at night.

Yesterday I saw Mrs. Hargrove staring into a storm drain, whispering:

“He’s almost wide enough.”

Then tonight happened.

About two hours ago, I got another knock at my door.

Charlie stood there holding a casserole dish. He looked exhausted with
dark circles under his eyes. And behind his glasses, for just a second,
I thought I saw something moving, like shapes swimming behind his
pupils.

“I wanted to apologize,” he said quietly.

“For the WiFi?”

“Yes.”

“…Okay.”

“And for what comes next.”

Cold spread through my stomach.

“What comes next, Charlie?”

He looked genuinely sad.

“The arrival.”

Charlie held out the casserole after seeing how nervous I was.

“It’s chicken enchilada. Extra cheese.”

“…Thanks.”

“You’ve been a very good neighbor, Oliver.”

That sentence terrified me more than anything else.

Then Charlie leaned closer and whispered:

“I won’t need your WiFi password anymore. Tell Mason I say thanks for
that.”

And left.

THAT MOTHERFUCKER!

He used the tablet I gave Mason! I wondered where it went, but using a
child’s love of pancakes and candy, that’s evil!

My hate-filled inner rant was interrupted, however, by rumbling going
across the entire neighborhood.

People are gathering in the cul-de-sac now.

I can hear them mumbling and singing.

I looked outside a minute ago and saw hooded figures surrounding what
looks like a giant spiral painted in ash across the pavement. Charlie is
standing in the middle of it, holding candles.

And what really got me bothered is that my internet just disconnected
again.

So here’s the situation.

I currently have a shotgun with six shells, a flashlight, and an
unbelievable amount of financially related resentment towards this man!

I’m going out to confront Charlie.

Best case scenario: I stop an eldritch apocalypse.

Worst-case scenario: I die horribly and become a meal for a Lovecraftian
deity.

Either way, Charlie is absolutely gonna pay for what he owes on my WiFi
bill.

If I survive, I’ll update this post tomorrow.

If not—

And I cannot stress this enough—

Do NOT trust anyone who says “the bay leaf is important.”

Wish me luck.
