alright no sleep fam. please tell me i’m not losing my mind.

I just moved into a new apartment complex. I’m on the bottom floor. A
comfortable 2 bedroom apartment with a small kitchen and one bathroom.
It’s really perfect for me, and the owner worked on the price for me. I
feel comfortable here.

That was until last night when my neighbor came storming to my front
door. It was about 2AM and I was awoken by the sudden explosion of
notifications on my phone.

MOVEMENT NOTICED: FRONT DOOR

PERSON DETECTED: FRONT DOOR

There must have been 10 alerts in the last 30 seconds.

I sit up in bed and turn my noise machine off. All I hear is an angry
banging on my door.

I check the camera app. It’s Theresa. My upstairs neighbor. Her bedroom
sits directly above my extra room.

“What the hell?” I say to myself as I get out of bed, throw on my robe
and slippers, and make my way to the front door.

I rip the door open just as she is going in to hit the door again.

“Shelby! Shut that baby up!” she screams into my face before I have a
chance to respond.

“Uhm… Theresa. There is no baby in my home.” I say with a bit of
annoyance in my voice.

She chuckles to herself, “Shelby, ever since you moved in that damn baby
has been crying all night long. I don’t care if you aren’t married and
don’t have help, SHUT THE BABY UP.”

Before I can respond she is storming back up the steps mumbling to
herself.

I close and lock my door. I am awake now, no thanks to my lovely
neighbor. I make my way into the kitchen for a glass of water.

“What the hell is she even on about? I have no baby in this home? And
there’s no tv in that room.” I say out loud to myself trying to figure
out what she could be talking about.

I haven’t even been in that room since I moved in. I haven’t decided
what I wanted to do with it yet.

I drink my water and feel myself getting sleepy again.

I place the cup in the sink and make my way back to my room.

I pass that door. The one with the mysterious baby crying.

“Crazy old woman.” I mumble to myself and go back to bed.

I am awoken again, at 4AM.

But it’s not banging at my door.

It’s crying.

It’s a baby, crying, in my apartment.

“What the hell!?” I whisper to myself thinking someone will hear it.

I sit up in bed, rub my eyes and turn on my bedside lamp.

Is someone who lived here before pranking me? I’ve been here for a few
weeks and haven’t heard this baby crying, ever.

I decide I will finally have to go into that room. Maybe I’m having a
psychotic break? Stress from moving?

Whatever. I’m going to check this room and I am going back to bed.

I walk across my cold hardwood floor and find myself shivering.

I make my way down the hallway and stand in front of the door. I reach
my hand to grab the doorknob and feel a chill going through me. I’m
still hearing this baby crying and I cannot for the life of me help but
worry for what I will see behind this door.

I bite the bullet and shove the door open. The crying continues. The
room is set up perfectly as a nursery for a small baby boy.

A crib, rocker, changing table, and a crib are in the room along with
some sweet decor and some outfits.

I make my way to the crib where the crying is coming from. What the hell
do I do if there’s a baby in this crib?

As I approach I find myself holding my eyes shut. I feel myself hit the
side of the crib. The crying continues.

I open my eyes and feel my heart shatter.

There is no baby.

There is a small baby monitor with a cry coming from it that is so loud
it’s making my teeth hurt.

A sonogram is placed beside it. My name, Shelby Daniels, is placed on
top.

A blanket monogrammed with the name, Owen, catches my eye.

I can feel myself crying before I even know what I am doing, I grab the
monitor and shut it off.

I sink to the floor beside the crib as I cry.

I know this baby. This was my baby. Owen was 2 months when he died from
unknown cause. My heart was in pieces, my boyfriend left me. I was alone
recovering from the worst thing to ever happen to me.

This room was a room for my son. My dead son.

Just as I close my eyes, I hear it, crying.

The baby monitor in my hand is silent… but the crying is coming from
somewhere.

I rub my eyes again, it has to be sleep deprivation.

I open my eyes, I’m back in my cell. Alone and cold. No apartment. No
neighbor. No life. No baby.

Just me, in a cage, alone.

My boyfriend standing on the other side of the door.

“Has she shown any improvements?” I hear him asking a nurse who I
standing on the other side of the door, looking at me.

“No. She keeps waking up every night, claiming she hears crying from her
baby son, Owen.” The nurse replies.

“There was never a baby. She woke up one morning and went insane. I
cannot believe she is keeping this going.” He says as he looks at me
through the bars of my door.

I don’t care what he says, I hear the crying again, and I know i’ll be
home again soon.
