Every night, usually between the hours of two and three a.m., I,
somehow, always make my way out to the small balcony of my second-story
apartment. Whether it’s a reaction to waking from a short burst of sleep
halfway through the night, or my persistent insomnia gripping me up
until the given hour, I will, somehow, always manage to make my way back
to my balcony’s old rocking chair to meet the grasping haze of my
menthol cigarettes.

And every night, without fail, my neighbor over the fence will be on a
midnight run around the parking lot of the adjoining complex. I never
plan it. And I assume he doesn’t either. But it always happens—every
night.

I can see a faint outline of him through the sparse treeline that hugs
our connecting fence. And I can hear him even better. His feet scrape
the asphalt beneath him, seemingly barely able to leave the ground. He
always makes three laps at least, sometimes a handful or two at most.
When he’s finally finished, he announces his triumph with a nearly
breathless, “woo!”

I wonder if he expects to see me every night now, too. My wavering
silhouette rocking before the pale orange light of the balcony bulb. I
hope it doesn’t disturb him. He doesn’t disturb me. In fact, it’s quite
comforting to have a stranger do parallel play with me at a time that
still.

Don’t worry, the irony of how his nightly activity will directly assist
in lengthening his lifespan while my habitual cigarette-sucking will do
nothing but shorten the longevity of my already disadvantaged body is
not lost on me.

But the synchronicity is nice. What are the odds that two people, within
eyesight of one another, are around at the same time to keep the other
company at three in the morning?

It makes me wonder who else might be thinking of me at this time.

Is she thinking of me when I’m thinking of her?

Does she think about me the way that I think about her?

Does she know that I think that way?

Does she hate me for it?

Even if she doesn’t hate me, I do.

I know this sultry sadness and shame will leave me once I finally manage
to wrestle my way into a half-restful sleep. But, even as exhausted as I
am, I still want to hold onto it.

Sorry, I got a bit off topic. I’m telling you all about my neighbor, not
her. But, if any of you want to hear about her, it won’t take much
convincing for me to spill it all.

Anyways, I’ve noticed a few things in the past month that are causing me
to doubt whether or not my nightly companion is… well, real. I know, it
sounds absurd. And maybe I should consider seeing a mental health
professional about deluding myself into thinking this way. But please
just hear me out. If any of you think the evidence I have gathered of
his existence being supernatural, or any kind of abnormal is ridiculous,
I will seriously consider getting evaluated. There is always the chance
that my insomnia is causing something to go wrong in my head. I’m not
opposed to any perspectives for or against my suspicions.

First, there are some nights when I don’t see my neighbor. But that’s
not necessarily because he’s not out on his jog. My smoking habit has
been very touch-and-go for the last several months. Sometimes I manage
to quit for a few days, maybe even a couple of months. So, when I’m not
smoking, I don’t go out to the balcony.

The small area of the concrete catwalk is an absolute mess. There is an
ever-growing sea of discarded cigarette boxes scattered on the ground,
and the ash tray is perpetually overflowing with stale-smelling
cigarette butts. When I do finally get annoyed at the lack of room in
the ash tray, I’ll occasionally empty its contents into Ziploc bags that
end up joining their former packaging on the floor below.

I don’t know why the mess doesn’t bother me. It’s undeniably gross, and
the smell of used tobacco and old saliva only make the eyesore of the
whole place worse. But I just can’t bring myself to care enough to clean
it all up. The only time I’ll do it is when I have friends coming over.
And that doesn’t happen often enough for me to have an established
schedule of keeping it up. Most of my friends wouldn’t mind the mess
anyway. Or at least, I wouldn’t care about their opinion of it.

If she were to come over though, I would definitely care more. She won’t
ever come to the house, though. She made that very clear. “He would be
upset,” she always says. “I have to respect his boundaries.” What kind
of boyfriend makes a big deal about his girlfriend going over to a
friend’s house? It’s weird. And it’s even weirder that she allows him to
dictate who she can hang out with and where. But, of course, she doesn’t
agree with my assessment. It makes me wonder, is it me she has a problem
with? Is the whole “boyfriend” excuse just a deflection for how she
actually feels about being in my house? She doesn’t make it seem that
way. I don’t know what it is.

Shit, I strayed off again. The reason I bring up the fact that I am not
outside every single night to see my neighbor is because it makes the
times that I do see him feel more coincidental. What I mean is, the
times that I am out on the balcony on any given night vary. Sometimes
it’s as early as 2:15am or as late as 3:45am. But, no matter the time,
he is always taking his jog close enough for me to see and hear him
within the same five to ten minute interval that it takes for me to
smoke a cigarette.

The length of his complex’s parking lot is not that large. I can discern
its size a lot better in the daylight. At most, it’s a hundred feet in
length and maybe thirty feet across, if I’m being generous. It is
definitely a decent enough size to facilitate a handful of sprints up
and down the lot, but not at all adequate enough to enable an extended
endurance run. There is always the chance that my neighbor is an insane,
meth-smoking idiot who is content with running around in what is
essentially small circles for hours on end, but I just don’t believe
that it can be that simple. Why are we always in-sync with our nighttime
rituals? And why was I chosen to be the one to witness his, and he to be
the spectator of mine?

Maybe I am overthinking it. It all could have a perfectly reasonable
explanation. But there is one more thing that I’ve noticed that I
haven’t been able to shake off. On the nights that I am particularly
exhausted, or maybe even a little bit too drunk, he seems to do
something more than just jogging. Sometimes, once I begin to hear his
feet dragging sluggishly across the asphalt, the sound of his footsteps
travel further up the parking lot, all the way to our adjoining fence.
Then the creaking starts. The aged wood of the fence starts groaning,
almost like he’s leaning on it.

It’s hard to tell in the dark, even with the balcony light on, but I
think I can see the fence bending a little, too. But, it isn’t bending
from the top of the wall. Instead, the planks bow in the middle. In
different spots of the fence too. Sometimes all at once, across three or
four feet. The wood of the fence doesn’t bend like wood should, though.
It flexes in and out repeatedly, almost like memory foam, curving back
and forth as pressure is applied and released on each point. It’s
unnatural and eerie.

The first time I saw it, my body broke out in goosebumps and I almost
pissed myself. I hurried inside and went to bed, blaming it on the
amount of whiskey I’d had. But then it happened again, about two weeks
later. I had almost managed to forget that the first incident had even
happened. But, luckily for me, I happened to not be as shit-faced as I
was before.

I definitely saw that fence bending and waving like it was a piece of
stretched fabric rather than a row of wooden planks that have been
anchored there for years. The worst part was, after about a minute of
watching the wood weave back and forth, I started to hear a sound. A
moaning. A low and guttural, almost pained growling.

It started so quietly at first that I almost didn’t notice it until it
was undeniably loud. It sounded like a man whose vocal cords had been
stripped bare and was trying to scream in agony, but could only manage a
fraction of his physical capacity to push out a strained and prolonged
moan of distress. The only thing I can compare it to is if a death
rattle had vocal power behind it. It was awful. I rushed back inside my
house and grabbed my phone in an attempt to record it, just to confirm
for myself that I wasn’t going crazy. But when I came back out to the
balcony, the sound was gone. Actually, most of the sounds were gone. The
sound of my neighbor jogging, the sounds of cars on the nearby road,
even the chirping of the crickets seemed turned down to an almost
inaudible warbling. I suddenly became overwhelmed with a ringing in my
ears and dull throbbing in my head that only subsided once I got into my
bedroom at the very back of the house. The whole thing was so creepy.
Almost unearthly.

That was almost a month ago, and it hasn’t happened again.
Unfortunately, the experience has not resulted in me refraining from
going out for cigarettes during the night. In fact, it’s made me have
the impulse to give myself a buzz more than ever. I’ve been more careful
about overindulging in alcohol, but my cigarettes are something I cannot
stand to part with. The comfort of my nightly routine, while it has
definitely been infringed upon by my companion’s creepy behaviors, is
still a non-negotiable in my never-ending cycle of repeatedly trying to
court and delay sleep.

It’s almost 5:00 a.m. now, and I’ll surely be sleeping soon. June and I,
the aforementioned “her”, are meeting up tomorrow to get coffee. Cafes
and restaurants that operate during daylight hours and close before
nightfall are June’s preferred stomping grounds for her and I. She says
her boyfriend doesn’t like it when we “close places down” super late
when we hangout. God, I cannot stand that guy.

Please let me know what you guys think about my neighbor. And I will
certainly report back if any new activity occurs. Although, I hope to
God it doesn’t. I almost hope it’s all in my head, as backwards as that
sounds.

Author’s note: Stayed tuned for future parts if you are into doomed
yuri.
