Part 1 - My Neighbor Keeps Trying To Convince Me To Let Him Into My
Apartment (Part 1)

All week I expected to hear the mans knock, I was so sure of his return
that I began anticipating it. I found myself growing weary of my own
front door, scared that for just on the other side there HE stood. Yet,
with each days pass the knocks never came and before I knew it, it was
Sunday afternoon again. I sat on my couch watching the Houston Texans
beat the snot out of the Chiefs when suddenly an unexpected feeling of
clarity washed over me.

What in all honesty had that man done to warrant such a response of fear
from me. Sure him regarding me by name was a little vexing but other
then that he had just wanted to have a conversation. I began to think
that due to my overwhelming grief my subconscious had overacted in an
attempt to take my mind off said grief. It decided that an illusion of
an evil man that had some sort of dark secret intension for me was
better for me to dwell on then my losses.

In this realization suddenly the whole situation just seemed so comical.
Like a deranged clown I couldn’t stop myself from laughing but
underneath all my hysterical laughter laid another sound. The déjà vu
and fear set in quick because once again there was someone knocking at
my door.

Knock, knock.

However this time there was only two and these were quicker lighter, I
was sure it wasn’t the man. A strong feeling in my gut told me that
without a doubt if the man were to return he would use the same knock as
last time. Although my gut was convinced of our safety my brain was much
more cautious. No matter what I felt or thought I wasn’t about to chance
it. Instead again I chose to ignore the visitor hoping whoever it was
would just leave.

knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.

“Hello? I got a package here for a Robert Fay. I just need a quick
signature.”

I had never felt such relief, not only was it just a delivery it was a
women’s voice. Any sense of humor I found in my fear was replaced with
embarrassment. Seems once again my need for caution was unwarranted or
was it? Irrational thoughts started to over take my brain like mold on
bread. What if the man was out there watching just waiting for me to
open my door? What if there was no girl and instead the man was some
sort of impressionist?

I was spiraling.

Sweat began to overtake my brow, my hands became uneasy and my heart
felt more like it was vibrating then beating. I didn’t know it at the
time but I was experiencing my first panic attack. In the storm clouds
that were my irrational thoughts somehow a small beam of light was able
to peak through. That beam illuminated the shockingly simply solution to
my problem, just look through the peep hole.

Thankfully my suspicions were all wrong. Centered in the middle of my
peep hole was a short young looking girl. I was finally able to start
calming down, I collected myself for a minute and then opened the door.

“Hi sir, I just need your signature right here for me please.” She
flashed a polite smile while handing me a little electronic pad and a
pen.

I felt so silly that I had gotten that worked up over nothing. Before I
could even write my first name I was pricked with a very potent feeling
of fear. A sort of primal fear that a prey animal would get when they
sensed a predator near by. I quickly jerked my neck to look down both
ends of the hall. I dropped the pen and pad in horror because sure
enough to my right, at the very end of the hall, there he was.

It was him alright but something about him seemed different. Even with
him being at the end of a long hallway I could easily see that his
trademark big smile was missing and replacing it was the look of fierce
focus. His new expression, as unnerving as it was, wasn’t the main cause
of my fear. He was running. Each leaping stride bringing him closer and
closer towards me. I wanted to run inside lock the door and never open
it again but I was frozen in place.

“Do you know that guy?” Her voice thawed me instantly. I had completely
forgotten what I was even doing in the hallway until she spoke. I had to
warn her about him, try to convince her that he was a threat and she
needs to run but he was seconds from reaching us. Hurriedly while
retreating into my apartment I did my best to warn her.

“No no no no, I don’t know him I don’t! He wants me to think I do but I
won’t! You need to go, you need to run. Hurry!! Before he gets in your
head too.”

I think I scared her.

My frantic warning backfired thanks to my sudden change in demeanor she
was scared of me. It was too late, the man was gaining to much ground I
had no time for another attempt at convincing her. As I shut my door I
cried out one last plea.

“Please…just…run.”

I couldn’t look out my doors peep hole fast enough. Framed in the middle
I saw the man and delivery girl engaging in conversation. I couldn’t
believe what I was seeing, I expected a scene of evil to unfold right
before my eyes but instead saw what looked like to old friends chatting.
Whatever was being said apparently gave her no alarm, she actually
looked like she was enjoying the talk. I mean she was laughing, actually
laughing. I had to hear what they were saying. I lifted my eye and
pressed my ear to the door desperate to hear what was being said.

Even with them standing just on the other side of the door I was
surprisingly unable to hear anything other than her laughter. I strained
my ears trying my best to ease drop but I was just about ready to admit
defeat and start looking for a therapist but before I did I wanted one
more look.

It looked like they were already done talking or at least she was. The
girl started to backpedal giving one last laugh and a friendly wave
goodbye but suddenly she stopped. I turned my attention at the man and
saw his outstretched hand. I had flash backs of when he had offered me
that same hand shake. Except instead of declining like I had the girl
took a step towards him raising her hand to accept the parting gesture.

I don’t know why but I was certain that if the delivery girl touched him
something bad would happen. My heart began racing again, time seemed to
slow as if to give me a chance to think of some way to save her. I
racked my brain quickly searching for the best way to warn her without
having to open my door and face the man. With all my thinking the best I
could come up with was to go full caveman on my door.

I screamed warnings as loud as I could, slammed my body against the door
with all my might hoping finally she would awaken to the nightmare
standing right in front of her. She was either unable to hear me or she
decided to just ignore the strange man screaming of ”false memories”.
No, she never did react to my antics but he did.

Slowly and steadily the man turned towards my door and stared right at
me. He lifted his hand and made the shushing gesture and right before I
could see him shake her hand he placed his opposite hand over the peep
hole. He had taken away my only line of sight but god I wish he’d taken
my hearing with it.

Much to my dismay the paper thin walls that let all sound pass through
returned. Awful noises began to erupt from the hall, seeping into my
apartment like smoke from a fire. I was being choked by the grueling
harmony of agony filled screeching screams and whaling echoing cries.
Desperate to see what was happening I tried looking from the gap at the
bottom of my door but it was much too thin.

The man had now stopped reacting to my bangs and calls, he had a new
task one that had his undivided attention. Cowardice consumed me. I knew
that the only way to stop whatever nefarious activity was taking place
I’d have to open my door and face that man. There was nothing I could do
to save my wife and daughter but maybe just maybe I could save her. With
reluctant trembling hands I slowly opened my only barrier of protection
and stepped out into the lions den.

A layer of thick dark red blood stained the hallway carpet and painted
the walls. Littered in the ocean of red was what I made out to be bits
of her charred skin and shattered bone. Drenched in the mixture of
organic materials, there the man stood. He was posing proudly like a
child that accomplished straight A’s. Or at least that’s what I expected
to see.

When I opened my door ready to witness a horrific sight and fight off
this strange man I was greeted with nothing but the usual tall, sharply
dressed man.

No Death.

No Blood.

No Girl.
