I found my old flip phone in a box of forgotten tech last week. It’s one
of those ancient Motorola Razrs. You know the kind. Pink metallic shell.
Tiny screen. Physical buttons. I charged it up just for kicks figuring
it would be a fun trip down memory lane. It powered on. The screen
flickered to life. It even still had some juice in the battery. I
scrolled through old contacts and photos. Most of them were super blurry
from the low resolution camera. But then I noticed something strange.

There were new messages. Not just a few. A whole inbox full of them. All
dated from November 2006. That’s nearly twenty years ago. My old number
was disconnected years ago. This phone shouldn’t be getting any service
at all let alone messages from the past.

I opened the first one. It was from ‘Jessica’. A girl I had a crush on
in high school. The message simply read “Hey. Wanna hang out tonight?
Everyone’s going to Mike’s.” I remember that night. It was a Friday. I
stayed home playing video games instead. I was too shy to ask her out.

Then another message. From ‘Mom’. “Don’t forget your dentist appointment
tomorrow at 3.” That was also real. I had a cavity filled that Saturday.
I distinctly remember the drilling sound.

It was unsettling but kind of cool. Like a time capsule. I kept reading.
Each message was perfectly aligned with events from my life back then. A
friend asking about homework. A text from my dad about chores. A group
message about a band practice I skipped. It was all there. My entire
life from late 2006 unfolding in text messages.

I showed it to my girlfriend Sarah. She thought it was a prank at first.
Maybe a friend had somehow uploaded old messages to my phone. But she
saw the dates. She saw my old number no longer had service. And she got
a little freaked out too.

We started looking through them together. It was fascinating. Almost
like reliving that part of my life. Until the messages started to
change. They started to get a bit…darker.

The first one that really stood out was from ‘Jessica’ again. It read
“Why didn’t you come to Mike’s? I waited for you.” But I remembered her
not caring that I didn’t show up. She had a boyfriend soon after that.
It felt wrong. Like the message was rewriting history.

Then a message from ‘Best Friend Mark’. “Dude where are you? We’re
supposed to be at the lake right now.” I never went to the lake with
Mark in 2006. We usually just played games at his house. This was
completely new.

I started to feel a knot in my stomach. This wasn’t just old texts.
Something was messing with my memories. Or worse. Messing with reality
itself. I tried to dismiss it. Maybe my memory was just bad. It was
almost two decades ago after all.

But then came the message from ‘Grandma’. My grandma passed away in
2004. So a message from her in 2006 was impossible. The text simply said
“I’m watching you always love.” My heart pounded. Sarah gasped and
dropped the phone.

We stared at it lying on the carpet. The screen was still on. More
messages were coming in. Rapid fire now. Not from my contacts. From
unknown numbers. Just strings of random letters. Then numbers. Then what
looked like coordinates.

I picked up the phone again. The screen was getting fuzzy. The battery
indicator was flashing red. It was almost dead. One last message popped
up. It was from ‘Me’. My own name. The text read “You shouldn’t have
looked.”

The phone died then. Completely. I tried to charge it again. Nothing.
It’s just a dead piece of plastic now. But I can’t shake the feeling. I
keep thinking about those messages. About the coordinates. About Jessica
saying she waited for me. About my grandma. And about that last message
from myself.

I haven’t slept well since. I feel like something saw me looking. Like I
opened a door I shouldn’t have. I keep wondering what would have
happened if I had gone to Mike’s that night. Or to the lake with Mark.
And what ‘Me’ meant by ‘You shouldn’t have looked’. I don’t know what to
do. I just feel watched now. All the time.
