I don’t hang out with a lot of people. Truthfully, isolation has always
been a comfort to me, healthy or not.

A few weeks ago, my mom noticed a small slit in the screen of my window.
Nothing huge, not enough to reach through, but precise enough to raise
concern. We lived in a pretty shit area, so breaking and entering isn’t
unheard of.

What she didn’t know, and I intentionally left out, was that I was the
one to make the slit. I needed to make a transaction with my friend that
involved some less than legal items. Looking back now, there was
definitely a better option. I just wasn’t thinking that far ahead.

Anyway, after she found it she freaked out slightly. It didn’t surprise
me, she was always prone to overreacting in the past.

The issue was the camera she got the next day.

As I mentioned earlier, I don’t have much interest in going out. I’d
rather just stay in and play games. That’s the type of person I’ve
always been. Naturally, this pretty much eliminates any need to sneak
out through the window. If that’s the case, then why would it be a
problem? Isn’t that just added security?

In theory, yes, although I failed to account for what would follow.

It was nice for a few days. I could stop checking the window so
often—I’ve always been anxious, and having no curtains certainly didn’t
help.

Then it started. Every night, around the same time, the motion-activated
LED would fill the backyard with light.

In the first few instances, I could always find the thing responsible. A
squirrel, bunny, sometimes even a stray cat. There was always a source.
Then there wasn’t.

I finally noticed it around the fifth day. I was playing the Calamity
mod for Terraria with a few friends whom I managed to stay fairly close
with. The light outside had gone off twice at that point, the first time
I credited to a bunny, and the second I glossed over, attributing it to
something similar.

The third time it happened I finally checked again. I looked for a
while, it usually took a minute to spot whatever caused it. This was
normally because whatever triggered it would get surprised at the sudden
burst of light, and pause to see if there was a threat before continuing
on.

This time there was nothing.

I eventually looked away out of discomfort. I had never felt like that
before. Like my body needed to pull away.

The light went off two more times that night, both instances yielding no
resolution. I slept facing away from the window.

It’s also worth noting I did not have curtains at this point in time
because we had only recently moved in.

I mentioned it to my mom casually the next morning. She said she hadn’t
gotten any alerts outside of a bunny she saw once. I paused, cream
cheese only covering half my bagel,

“Once?” I said casually.

“Yeah, I think it was brown,” she replied, pouring herself a cup of
orange juice.

I had seen it too, but if I had ignored the second time, that would mean
it went off four additional times without alerting her.

“Was there anything else? Like bugs triggering it or something? The
light had me up half of the night.” I asked.

She paused now, her brow furrowing. “I only got the one alert. Piece of
shit must be faulty.”

I just nodded.

The next few nights were calmer. I counted only one or two unexplained
flashes a night. It was around this time I ordered curtains.

I did ask her to just take it down, but she insisted that the light
would at least deter anybody back there. I was hoping she was right.

Then everything changed.

I was home alone for a weekend, my parents had gone out to visit my aunt
out of state, leaving me with my dog, June. June was a very timid pit
bull. Regardless of what she looked like, she had run away from flies
before.

That’s why the growling made me jump out of my skin. At first, I didn’t
even know where it was coming from, not even considering the possibility
that June was growling at something at all.

I turned, and she was on my bed facing the window. Her ears were perked
up, the fur along her spine rising up as if she were facing a predator.
I looked outside, seeing nothing. The light wasn’t on, either. I told
her to calm down, giving her reassuring pats and scratches. She just
whined, eventually sighing and placing her head down.

I assumed she wanted to go outside. We have a lead for her that allows
her to go a few feet in any direction in the front yard. I got up to put
her out there.

I looked around for a moment, seeing nobody. It had become a habit since
moving here. She went right to her business, so I figured I guessed
right. I headed back into my room to retrieve my phone, which I had left
on the desk.

As I reached for it, the room exploded with light, coming from the
window. I didn’t react, turning to leave after I put my phone into my
pocket. The light turned off.

I froze.

The light turned off that quick?

Multiple nights of this happening led me to start noticing things about
the occurrences.

The light usually stays on for around 30 seconds, before fading out to
darkness.

I had seen it on for maybe three.

My body turned to face the window, slowly. I couldn’t see anything, it
was too dark without the light to illuminate the backyard.

That is, until it flashed again. This time I saw the source.

A small white flash, one I could make out as different from the
floodlight attached to the camera. It filled the room with light
instantly.

Then it just turned off.

I could barely register what I was witnessing. My brain was trying to
put the pieces together, no, trying to convince myself I wasn’t losing
my shit.

Then June started barking. I don’t even know if that’s the word I’d use,
it sounded more like a guttural snap over and over. I could barely
think, my mind was reeling.

I eventually got my feet to move, spinning on my heel and rushing to the
door.

The door which was open, leaving only the glass storm door in between me
and the outside.

I was so focused on ensuring June’s safety, I didn’t even notice the
fact that the front porch was already beaming with light.

I didn’t notice that the barking had stopped entirely.

A flash of light forced me to throw my hand in front of my eyes, and as
I did, it vanished.

As the light subsided, my eyes finally landed on the shape of a phone
pulling away from outside the glass door.

It took what felt like hours to be able to move again.

When I reached the door, I only noticed the hook for June’s lead
detached, and her nowhere to be seen.

I shouted her name once, my hand moving to the door handle
instinctively.

I was about to rush out and look for her, yell for her to come back, but
I stopped myself.

Somebody was outside my house.

I slammed the main door shut, bolting it completely.

My heart was pounding out of my chest, like at any moment it might just
stop.

I fumbled through the menus on my phone until I finally reached my mom’s
number, and hit dial.

I didn’t know where to start when she answered.

The best I could do was to tell her there was somebody taking pictures
of me through my window, and that I thought whoever it was took June.

She told me to call the police, and that she was coming home now.

I listened.

My next instinct was to check the camera, but that was impossible given
the app was only on my mom’s phone.

When they finally showed up, I was a mess. It was my ignorance that
caused me to bring her out there, my stupidity for not seeing this
sooner.

I managed to get some sentences through the choked up tears that just
wouldn’t stop coming.

They did a brief search of the area, which led them to find overlapping
bootprints positioned in the tree line facing my window. They told me
that from the position, the camera likely wouldn’t have seen them.

I felt sick.

If that was the case, then the times I had ignored checking it, or
checked and thought I saw nothing, meant that somebody was out there
looking back at me the entire time.

And why would they take pictures? The question rang through my head,
unable to fathom an answer.

My mom and dad returned a few hours later. One of the kinder cops had
decided to stay stationed outside for the night, both to review the
footage from my mom following her arrival, and probably to make me feel
better.

When I saw my mom, the first thing I asked her was to check the camera
feed from the time it all happened.

It took her a few minutes to pull it up, and when she did, I saw her jaw
lock.

The camera captured the flash at my window, which seemingly came from
the same tree line, followed by June barking in the front, finally
showing June sprinting at full speed through the backyard, barking and
growling the entire way.

There wasn’t a single person in the feed.

And to top it all off, how would somebody in the backyard take a picture
of me from behind the front door?

How would June have heard somebody that was on the complete opposite
side of the house?

What did she hear that made the kindest dog I’ve ever met turn into a
feral animal mad enough to fully break her metal lead?

What the fuck was outside?

The curtains came the following day. I haven’t opened them. I put food
and water on the front porch, hoping by some miracle that June might
find her way back.

I’ve never been more scared to go to bed.
