Short recap. 

My roommate is a huntsman spider named Mary. She is bigger than most
huntsman spiders. Well, all known huntsman spiders in the world. That
isn’t the strangest thing about Mary, she also talks and knows how to
clean and make the best grilled cheese sandwiches in the world. 

If you are confused about this, just catch up with the first two parts
and you’ll be fine. 

Part1 Part2

I’m not fine. Not now, anyways. And, it is not because Mary snacked on a
few house pets. That, in all honesty, did cause some distress, but was
figured out quite quickly. No, something else has happened, and I may be
in some serious trouble. 

I’ll start with this. I think Mary has grown an attachment to me.  

I now have the sole responsibility of going out every week to get some
frozen mice so that Mary could snack on them. It’s either that or let
her kill more house pets for food. It was in my personal best interest
to make sure that does not happen. If more pets go missing, there may be
some sort of investigation into the matter. I was already approached by
the police once since my neighbor’s dog, Peanut, ended up being Mary’s
lunch. Two police officers knocked on my door and asked the obvious
questions, ‘did you see anything suspicious’ , ‘did you know who might
have done it’, and ‘where were you when all this took place’. Those sort
of questions. They never asked to come into the apartment, and they
generally looked like they wanted to be anywhere but here. That worked
in my favor. As long as cops did not suspect me in any of this, I was a
happy camper.

Mary was just as relieved as I was. She greatly appreciated me going out
to get her some food whenever the flow of local cockroaches dwindled. 

She appreciated this so much that she began to develop some very odd
feelings towards me. I don’t think it was romantic in any way. Or, at
least I hoped that wasn’t the case. When I would eat my meals, she would
also have a plate of microwaved, hot pocket mice placed across from me.
It’s been like this ever since I got her the mice. The way Mary would
viciously eat made my delicious grilled cheese less enjoyable. It was a
reminder of what Mary is, and always has been, a monster.

But, it wasn’t just meal times I began to see this shift. Although we
watched tv together before, Mary no longer hung in front of the screen.
Now, Mary sat right next to me, always inching closer. I had a feeling
she wanted to sit on my lap, but there was NO WAY I would allow that to
happen. I would just inch away as she inched closer and closer.
Sometimes, it would even get to the point of her finally getting one
foot on my leg. That is when I usually got up to do something else. 

The only privacy I seemed to have was in the bathroom. She never seemed
to want to follow me there. This reprieve from her clinginess would
leave me to be in there for hours just trying to get away from Mary.
Whether it was just sitting on my toilet, scrolling on my phone, or
taking an especially long shower, I just needed that time alone. 

Yet, even that would prove not to be enough. One time while I was taking
a shower, I let myself enjoy it more than I usually did. I let the steam
fully engulf the place, and I just stood there letting the warm beads of
water hit my skin. I had already shampooed my hair for the second time,
making sure to really scrub my scalp, and closed my eyes. As I let the
soap wash away, I could hear the TV going in the other room. It was
Family Feud, Mary’s favorite show. Whenever Steve Harvey was on the
screen, Mary would be glued to the TV until I turned it off or until the
show was over. I wasn’t sure if she actually understood any of the humor
of the show, but it did seem to hypnotize her for a bit. I thought that
maybe with Family Feud was on, that meant I could be safe from Mary’s
constant presence. Or so I had hoped.

Once I had whipped away the soap from my eyes and turned the water off,
I looked up to the ceiling only to see eight black eyes staring back at
me. 

Screaming was not quite what I did. It was more like depleting every bit
of air from my lungs into a high pitched whistle. The type of whistle
that would notify all the laborers that work was over and it was time to
go home. 

My feet gave in as I slipped on the soapy surface of my shower floor. I
went down and the shower curtains came with me. My head hit the back of
the shower and my feet flung up into the air. My hands didn’t know
whether to rub my now bruised head or to shoot to my crotch. I didn’t
want Mary to see my penis from eight different angles. She probably
already did, but that’s not the point. 

“MARY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?” 

“Oh my goodness, are you alright? You fell pretty hard.” 

“NO SHIT! I WONDER WHY?” I was furious and also scared. I hate to admit
it, but I also let a little pee out when I fell. 

“W-what are you doing in the bathroom? Couldn’t you tell I was taking a
shower?” 

Mary spoke quickly. “I did, I did! But, you were in the bathroom for a
long time and I was beginning to worry that you were not okay. I had to
make sure you were alright and all.” 

“I’m great. Just please get out.” I tried to speak firmly even though my
eyes were cast down, trying to avoid her beady gaze. 

“Okay! Okay! My Apologies.” Mary scurried out of the bathroom and closed
the door gently. 

When I finally got my clothes back on, I had a talk with Mary so she
understood that sneaking up on people in the bathroom was not okay. She
understood, however, she was firm in her belief that she had to check up
on me. I was in the shower for so long, she was afraid that I might have
hurt myself. She stated that 80% of accidents in the home happen in the
bathroom. The irony. 

That is when I decided I needed some time away from home. Away from
Mary. 

The following days after, I took my time going home after work. As an
introvert, it pained me to be out when I didn’t want to, but what choice
did I have? A part of me thought about adopting a cat. Mary was deathly
afraid of them. If I had one day showed up with the one pet she couldn’t
stand, I am sure that Mary wouldn’t stick around long. There is one
issue though, I am extremely allergic to cats. 

With adopting a furry friend out the window, I decided to try to make
more human friends. My old ones had completely abandoned me by now
because they thought I was losing it. In their defense, I was losing it.
But nonetheless, new friends had to be made. I tried hanging out at the
rec center that was located on the first floor of the apartment. This
was a bad idea, however. One, there was little to do; one pool table was
available but was constantly hogged by four teen boys who never bothered
to learn to play the game properly. Books were available in the corner
where there were a few couches to sit on. This led to the second reason
however, that is where Larry liked to hang out. 

Larry, as you may recall, is the man who keeps peddling his conspiracy
theory newsletter to all the tenets in the apartments. UFOs (or UAP’s as
he often corrected me with) were his bread and butter. He was no
stranger to the paranormal and the Lovecraftian entities that may run
our world and would one day kill us all. His news letters were beyond
bigfoot’s baby found in Arkansas or a granny who controlled alligators
in the wetlands of Florida. Larry is a grade A lunatic. Even so, I tried
to see if I could strike a conversation with the man. Any excuse to not
be around Mary. 

“Did you know that the U.S. government lost one of its destroyer class
ships in the Atlantic and they’re not telling anyone about it?” He asked
me one day. 
He stared at me with big, round glasses, and sweat coating his curly
black hair. Well, his hair was more gray than black now, giving away his
age. Probably late 50’s. He had a beard that had more color than his
head hair and was unkept to high heaven. He often wore some t-shirt with
more conspiracy nonsense plastered on it and cargo shorts. Both looked
like they hadn’t seen the inside of a washing machine in about a week.
He also had visible wet marks under his armpits. That should have been
my first sign not to engage with him, but I did anyway. 

“No, I don’t think I’ve heard of that one.” I responded. 

“Brother, they are trying to keep that shit under lock and key. Look up
on your phone right now. The USS Michael Grey Missing. You’ll see what I
mean. Go ahead, look it up. Right now.” 

“ I don’t want to.” I said with a grimace on my face. 

“Okay, well look it up later. Or, better yet, It will be featured in my
next newsletter. Just look out for it in your mail.” He said in a wide
grin like he knew something he shouldn’t. 

“Anyways, the destroyer just vanished without any sort of distress call
or anything. Some people are saying it was the Chinese who sank the ship
in retaliation to what’s going on in the rest of the world, but I know
for a fact that there are monsters in the Atlantic that not a lot of
people know about. Did you know that in ancient times, there were many
civilizations that depicted the Atlantic oceans to have dragons and sea
creatures? It makes you think, right? Why would many, oh and I mean
many, different civilizations depict dragons and sea creatures? Why
would anyone not believe this to be true? I’m telling ya, there are some
beings in this world that are, dare I say, Lovecraftian that are real
and they are just all around without us knowing. That ship, I bet you,
ran into one of those beasts of the sea and all those American heroes
had to pay the price. The strangest thing about it is that the destroyer
was not on any known shipping route, it just shot directly across the
Atlantic which is not what normal ships do. If you ask me they were
looking for something they where- “ 

I could not, for the life of me, continue to listen to this. Somehow,
this was worse than having a spider as a roommate. The entire time Larry
spoke, I just watched as the wet stains under his pits expanded. He
wiped the sweat off his brow often and his clammy hands would clap down
back onto his knees. The most offensive thing of all is that he wore
Crocs. 

“-don’t you think that’s strange?” he asked. From the look of his face
it didn’t seem like one of his rhetorical questions, he was expecting a
response. 

“Y-yeah, that is strange.” Was all I could say. 

“Right. Well, ships disappearing in the Atlantic is one thing, the pets
in this apartment are a whole other thing. I mean, have you heard about
Peanut?” 

Uh oh. Now my awareness of the conversation was set to maximum. 

“Uh… yeah, I heard there was a break in and someone stole Peanut.” 

“Uh huh. Except, there wasn’t a break in. I managed to talk to Susie and
she says that there was no sign of forced entry. The way she says it, it
was as if the dog simply vanished.” 

“No, I think someone broke in.” I said to try to curve the conversation
away from something fantastical. In a sense, I was telling the truth,
Mary was the one that broke in.

“You really don’t see what’s going on here, dontcha?” Larry said with a
sidelong look. “Peanut is not the only pet going missing. There is also
Ms. Colt’s parrot, Mr. Smith’s iguana, Dr. Sanchez’ pitbull… the list
goes on. I tried to inform the police about it when they were
investigating Peanut’s disappearance, but something tells me they were
not interested at all.” 

That last bit was actually a good thing, for me at least. 

“Just like those ships, something is happening in this very apartment
building. I don’t know what. But I am going to find out eventually.” 

I began to sweat now. Trying to hang out with a nut like Larry was a
huge mistake. But, we already knew that. 

“So,” Larry said. “Do you want to help me out? We can get down to the
bottom of what’s really going on here. We can uncover if this is a
robbery or something else. Maybe it’s a ghost, or an alien. Perhaps, a
monster-” 

“Larry, that is a crazy line of thinking. And, I have no interest in
continuing this conversation.” 

I got up and walked to the doors that led out of the rec center. I had
to figure out what else to do with my time. As I walked out and grabbed
my car keys from my pocket, Larry yelled out to me one last time. 

“Okay, but don’t forget to look out for the newsletter! America needs
good boys like yourself!” 

Great, now I have a nut case looking into the disappearance of these
animals and I have Mary to thank for that. The more I thought about it
the more I became angry at Mary, and at the whole situation. If I had
just removed or killed her when I had the chance, none of this would be
happening. Yet, at the same time, I didn’t want Larry to find out about
Mary. I mean, she’s just an animal, she doesn’t know better. Yet, even
for an animal, Mary is more polite than most humans. She’s definitely
better company than Larry. I bet Larry can’t make a grilled cheese as
good as Mary’s. 

Regardless, I still didn’t feel comfortable heading back to my room. I
still needed some space away from Mary. 

That’s how I ended up going to bars. 

There are a variety of bars here in LA. Some are even haunted (or so
they say). There was one I liked to go to that used to be a speakeasy
during the prohibition era. This bar was erected in the early 1900s and
over the years of development around the city, it kept its bones intact.
The building stood as a monument of old times where dark deals were made
in the shadows of the public. It was even theorized that satanic worship
was being conducted in these old buildings. The history of this place
involves a shoot out with the police where twelve people died and their
spirits may still reside in this very room. I couldn’t care less. If I
started believing in conspiracies like that I would end up like Larry. I
liked to go to the old speakeasy, not because I believed in the
supernatural, but because it was down the street from where I worked. It
was easy to pop out of the office and head straight into a time capsule.
One where I felt like I was sitting as one of the criminals that drank
booze. 

The Bar was only accessible by elevator that was hidden in an alley way.
It was good for the tourist attraction aspect and undoubtedly convenient
to keep the public eye away from such a place during prohibition. Once
you make it to the basement, security checks your ID and then lets you
in. After you pay of course. You always have to pay to have fun in
California. Once you are inside, the first thing that stands out are the
chandeliers. They were pure glass and reflected the warm, orange glow
that emanated from the wall lamps. The type of glow that marked a time
before sterile incandescent or blinding LEDs. The furniture was also
authentic to the time period, or at least they were made to look like
it. The bartenders, the two of them, wore crisp, black tuxedos that were
starched to high heaven. The back of the bar had a giant mirror with
shelves over top that held every type of alcohol you could imagine. The
place smelled like tobacco and bourbon. 

No one smoked so I’m sure it was just a candle, maybe even one of those
plug-in wax melters. The patrons were, like me, not dressed to the
nines, but were all coming off of work. Some were students from UCLA out
for spring break. In the back corner of the bar near the entrance to the
bathrooms sat an antique piano that I’ve never seen anyone play the
entire time I have been there. Soothing piano music played over some
Bose speakers. I was just happy to be away from Mary. And, maybe also
Larry. 

One of the students that hung around was a pretty girl that I couldn’t
look away from. I noticed her one day at the speakeasy. She had wavy
brown hair draped down her shoulders, and bangs that shaped her slender
face. She was deep in conversation with her two friends about something
that seemed school related (I wasn’t sure). They sat at the end of the
bar near the antique piano.

I had just got there, so I sat down at the other end of the bar and
ordered a beer. I wasn’t planning on making any moves, I just wanted to
drink and scroll on my phone for a bit. I had no intentions in getting
involved with a woman at the bar. Not at first. 

After a while I got curious and looked over to see if she was still over
there talking to her friends. She was. She also passed a glance at me.
Me, being nervous, looked back down to my beer and drank. The evening
continued and I, again, looked her way. This time she was pointing
towards me and giggling to her friends. One friend, who wore a yellow
blouse and red rimmed glasses, shared the enthusiasm and the other one,
who wore a UCLA hoodie and straight black hair, did not seem amused. It
didn’t seem like she was laughing at me, but it still made me
uncomfortable. 

I switched to a whisky sour. 

The night went on and I stopped looking in their direction. My plan for
the evening was to finish maybe two or three more of these whisky sours
and then head home. Mary was probably wondering where I was, but that
didn’t matter.  Mary still waited to greet me whenever I eventually got
home with my sandwiches in the microwave. I wish she would stop that.

That is not how that night went, however. 

The woman who I had come to know as Lily got up with her friends and
began to walk to the exit. Lily talked briefly to her two friends. It
seemed that there were discussions that led to a brief argument that
resulted in the two friends leaving the bar and Lily approaching me. 

I was in the middle of my last sip of my second drink when I felt her
gentle tap on my shoulder. When I turned to look at her, I was stunned
by her beauty which was vibrant and powerful up close. 

“Howdy.” She greeted me with a sweet southern accent. 

I almost coughed up my drink. Tears accumulated in my eyes and my
nostrils became itchy. My recovery was a miracle. 

“Hey… or howdy back right at you.” 

I was never good with words. Especially when it came to women. 

“And here I was thinking that I wouldn’t find a cute man in all of Los
Angeles”

“Well, I hope it didn’t take too long. To find one I mean.” 

I caught myself looking at her breasts and quickly rebound back to her
gentle blue eyes. Now I couldn’t keep the mole on the top of her left
boob out of my head.  

Lily giggled. “No, it did not take me long at all. But, I was hoping
that he would make the first move. Looks like chivalry is dead after
all.” 

“I just didn’t want to bother you or your friends, ya know. I’m
considerate that way.” 

“Not that considerate. You left a girl waiting.” 

“How about I make up for it. Grab a seat and let me get you a drink.” 

She smiled with her lips. Her fragrance was intoxicating, addicting. It
was like laying in a bush of strawberry and lemons. She slid in the seat
next to me and set her bag down. 

“That’s a start, but you got a long way to go, honey.” 

I got her a drink and we got to talking. I found out her name and that
she was originally from South Carolina. I asked which part and she
responded with, “you wouldn’t know it.” paired with a smile. Lily was
going to UCLA for law, or something like that. I am not gonna lie, the
whiskey sours were making everything a bit fuzzy at this point. 

She had a background in softball and her well toned body confirmed it.
At some point I just stopped sipping on the whisky sours all together so
that I could keep track of the conversation. I really wanted to know
this girl. She was in her senior year and was getting ready to graduate
with honors. I couldn’t believe someone so smart and so attractive was
talking to me. 

And Lily, from what I could tell, was toying with me. She would touch my
leg subtly and stare deeply into my eyes. There was no getting away from
her. Not that I was running. She mentioned that her friends didn’t want
her to approach me, they thought I looked like the serial killer type. I
was so glad she ignored them. 

The whiskey did me some favors. Instead of being nervous and
introverted, I was confident and suave.  Lily laughed at my jokes and
encouraged my advances. We even held hands! Everything was going
wonderful. And then we had to end our night. 

“Do you want to get out of here?” she asked sweetly. 

“Sure, as long as you come along.” 

“You got a place nearby?” 

“Yeah I have an apartment down over yonder.” I said with a point in a
general direction. 

“Take me then.” 

Now, I wasn’t thinking that hard, but I did try to object. 

“No, I think we should go somewhere else. I have a roommate who is
probably there right now. How about your place?” 

“Uh same, those girls I was with, they are my roommates and you already
know how they feel about you. Come on just take me, I promise I’ll be
quiet.” She kissed me on the neck. Her lips left a warm, wet impression.
“I can show you my horse riding skills.” 

I folded. There was nothing else going through my mind other than Lily
with me in my room recreating the scenes from Seabiscuit. 

One short car ride later (don’t drink and drive, everyone!), we arrived
at my apartment around midnight. I led her through the front door by
hand and we made it to the bedroom with little interruptions. She
already had her mouth glued to mine. I got my pants off. Before we
continued our night, I instinctively closed the door to my room and
locked it. Going through my mind, I wasn’t thinking about Mary or how
she wasn’t there to greet me when I came in, I was thinking about how I
could have possibly managed to get a beautiful girl like Lily to spend
the night with me. I guess that’s why they call it ‘getting lucky’. The
entire night I was half expecting to see Mary on my ceiling staring down
at us. Luckily, that wasn’t the case. I had my night with Lily and it
was divine. 

And then the morning arrived. 

The early sun woke me up. I looked at my phone and saw that it was
Saturday morning. My head was throbbing, but I remembered everything
from the night before. I was glad for that. The blanket was gone. I
looked up and there I saw that the door to my room was wide open. My
eyes widened as I realized that Lily was not lying in bed besides me.
Adrenaline kicked in as I got up and put on pants. My first instinct was
to investigate the apartment. I was really hoping that Mary wasn’t doing
something unnatural to Lily. My sweet Lily. I got out my door and went
down the hallway. 

“Lily? Are you there?” I called out. I stepped out of the hall and into
the kitchen area and there I saw the brunette holding a knife in one
hand and keeping the blanket (the only thing covering her) held up
around her in the other. 

“Oh darn, I wanted to surprise you.” She said. 

“What are you doing?” 

“I was trying to surprise you with breakfast but all I could find was
cheese and bread. You really should think about grocery shopping.”

I laughed nervously and took the knife away from her. “Yeah, I’ve been
needing to do that.” I quickly looked around to see if there was any
sign of Mary. There was none. 

“Well, maybe we can go today? I can help you out and then I can cook
something good up for ya. I know how to make biscuits and gravy.” 

“Oh that sounds lovely. You know, I was kinda hoping to take you out for
brunch. Maybe we could go for some mimosa or some coffee.” 

I was desperately trying to get Lily out of there before she saw Mary,
or Mary saw Lily. I don’t know how she is with other humans. Could Mary
kill a human? She didn’t seem uncertain that she could kill a human that
one time I asked her. I didn’t want to find out. 

“Here, let’s get dressed and I’ll take you out.” 

“A-are you sure? I could make you something, it’s not an issue.” 

We got to the hall that led to my room.
 
“Come on, I can cook somethi-” 

Hanging in the hallway was Mary. The sun that shone in my room made the
dark silhouette of her spidery body look menacing. She just hung there
and looked at us. Lily stopped in her tracks and froze, the same way I
did when I first saw Mary cooking in my kitchen. 

Mary spoke. 

“Good morning, stranger! If you do go to the store, could you get some
more chives?” 

Lily screamed at the top of her lungs and lunged past me. 

“AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” 

The scream startled me and Mary. I came after Lily. Mary scuttered close
behind. 

“Lily! Lily! Please calm down, I can explain!” 

“NOOO!!! GET AWAY! GET AWAY!” she kept yelling. Her whole face became
red, veins popped out of her skull. “PLEASE DON’T KILL ME! PLEASE!” 

“Lily, Mary won’t kill you. She doesn’t want to. Right, Mary!?” 

Mary came close very quickly and it startled Lily. She almost stumbled. 

“Oh my goodness don’t be frightened. I would never hurt you. Oh, please
believe me!”

Lily was crying, and snot shot down her nostrils. Her eyes were wide and
staring at Mary, feeling like a cornered animal. 

“PLEASE DON’T HURT ME PLEASE DONT HURT ME PLEEEAASEE.”

Mary lifted two legs up a little too quickly. It looked as if she was
about to jump. 

“I won’t hurt you, Stranger!” 

It was too late. As soon as Mary lifted her two legs, Lily tripped on
the blanket that got under her. Her body fell quick and hard. There was
no way of stopping her fall in the trajectory that it was going. With
ferocious momentum, her head cracked hard on the coffee table and her
body went limp. The blanket fell to the side. 

I stood in shock at what happened. Mary suspended herself next to me. 

“Is she okay?” 

“I don’t know.” I turned to Mary. “Why did you do that?” 

“Do what?” 

“You frightened her! Why did you frighten her!? Where were you!?” 

“Oohhh, I wasn’t trying to. I was waiting for you last night and well it
took a while so I started cleaning again. I was in the middle of
cleaning under your bed when you two arrived home. It looked like you
two were a bit… occupied. So, I waited until the morning to introduce
myself. I was excited because we never had guests before.” 

“Wait. You were under the bed last night?” 

“...yes.” 

“The whole… night?” 

“...yes.”

I looked at Lily’s body, blood began to pool next to her head. “Oh
god.” 

Lily’s body began to convulse as foam collected in her mouth. 

“OH GOD!”  

I quickly went for my phone and that is when I realized that I still had
the knife in my hand. I tossed it away and called an ambulance. I asked
Mary to go hide in the crawl space until after the EMTs left the
building with Lily. I was hoping that Lily would make it. 

Unfortunately she did not. 

I found out later when I tried to visit the hospital. Both of her
roommates were waiting in the hospital lobby. They held hands and cried
silently as I walked passed. I locked eyes with them and I can tell they
both had a deep hatred towards me. Their stare stuck into me like barbed
wire. I couldn’t stay to explain myself, I just left without a word. 

When I got back to my apartment I picked up the mail. It was just
another mundane thing to do to push away the guilty feeling stirring in
my chest. If only I had taken her to a hotel or said no, she would still
be alive. My guilt was strong but my fury towards Mary was unfathomable.
Every step I made towards my room inched me closer to death. I wanted to
kill Mary. Without her, my life would be simple. It would be normal. 

I opened my door and looked around the apartment. I scanned for Mary,
trying not to show my intentions. I grabbed the broom stick next to the
closet and held it firm in my hands. I went from room to room searching
for the creature, broom held up and ready to swing. She wasn’t in the
kitchen, or the bathroom, or the bedroom. She wasn’t even in the laundry
room. 

Mary was missing. 

“Damnit” I muttered. 

I threw the broom across the living room and sat down. Slamming the
cushion of frustration, I screamed. Why did she have to be gone? I
wanted to destroy her. I wanted to end this nightmare once and for all!
Yet, she was not here and I was left alone. 

My mouth was dry and so I got up to get a drink. When I did, I noticed a
note left on a magnet on my refrigerator.  It was addressed to me. 

To Jules

I am terribly sorry for what has happened. I cannot help but think that
this is all my fault. You two seemed so happy together and I didn’t want
to get in the way of that. It looks like I did. I’m sure you do not want
to see me and I understand that completely. And so, I want to give you
some space. I have left the apartment for now. I don’t know when I will
return. Please believe me when I say; I just wanted to be the best
roommate I can be. I never meant to hurt anyone. I hope you can forgive
me for being so bad. I hope to even forgive myself. 

Your Roommate
Mary

I held the letter in my hand with tears in my eyes. With all my
strength, I tried my best from sobbing. I didn’t hold out very long. I
had conflicting feelings in me. A part of me wanted to kill Mary and
throw her in the dumpster. Another felt bad for her. She really is
trying to be a good roommate. Maybe even a good friend. She didn’t have
to stay under the bed while I was with Lily, but she did because she
didn’t want to ruin our night. She greeted me everyday when I returned
from work, she cooked me meals every day, she stole beer for me so I can
drink on fridays. She watched Family Feud with me. Some insane part of
me missed her at that moment. The rational part of me is wondering how a
spider can write a letter. It didn’t matter. 

My sobbing stopped when I saw something poking out of my mail. Wiping
away the tears, I reached out to it and looked at it clearly in the
light. My eyes did not deceive me. It was Larry’s newsletter. On the
cover was a picture of a giant huntsman spider crawling into a vent. A
tagline in all caps read; “A MONSTER LIVES HERE!” 

Larry knows about Mary and soon everyone else will.
