[Part 1] [Finale]

It’s been a day. Maybe two? I’m not sure anymore. As soon as I’d
finished writing my last bit, I’d grabbed the laptop, thrown all my
stuff in the car, and got as far as I could, as fast as I could. Some of
ya’ll have said I shouldn’t fear Mike, my weird roommate.

But you weren’t there, trapped in my bedroom as he made his demands
through the door. You didn’t see him destroy my closest relationship in
a few choice words. He’s a monster, and he’s trying to destroy me. After
the events of today, I’ve decided I’m going to kill him first.

I’m staying at some crappy motel about an hour and a half north, right
up near the Oklahoma border. I’m still not sure why I went north. My
parents have a house about a half hour east, though I promised myself
I’d never go back to them. That I’d stay away from this area as long as
I lived. But, with Jen having cut me off completely, I guess my parents’
was the only place I had left to go.

The conversation with Dick had gone smoothly, or so I’d thought. I
called him that first night, when I stopped.

“Hey, Dick.”

“Hey there sport, better not be calling out sick for tomorrow, it’s
looking like we might have a no-show.”

“Look, man, I’m real sorry, but I’m dealing with some, uh, heavy
personal stuff at the moment, y’know?”

Dick’s voice returned after a distant grumbling. “Well champ, that ain’t
exactly being a team player, is it? It’s about trust. If I can’t trust
yo-“

I cut him off, “Look, Dick,” my mind raced looking for an excuse. “I
don’t want to do this, but it’s my roommate. He’s deep into some serious
shit, a drug dealer or something. He’s tried to kill me. I already
called the cops, but I need to lie low for a few days.”

I paused as I cast my mind about. “You say it’s about trust? Well, I
trust you Dick. You can’t tell anyone where I am, or that I called you.
Just give me a few days and keep quiet and I’ll have all this sorted, I
swear, man.”

Silence, for nearly a minute.

“Well god damn, sport.” There was surprise in his voice, but no doubt,
at least through the phone. “Look man, I knew you had a rough past when
I hired you.”

“I know man, but I’m out of that life, I haven’t done anything wrong.
This new roommate has brought it all back down on me. All I want is to
work hard, be successful, like you, Dick.” The lie came with sickening
ease.

There was a supportive edge to Dick’s voice, almost a pride. “You’ve
come a long way. I dare say you’re about the best assistant manager I’ve
had. You deal with your thing; I’ll keep shit locked down here.”

I sighed in relief, some shred of pressure finally letting me go. At
least I’d have a job to go back to when I sorted out this nightmare.

“Thanks Dick, that really means a lot man, I won’t let you down.”

“Anytime, son,” he said, “and thanks for choosing Whataburger.”

And that was the end of that.

By this point it was nearly 10 at night. Luckily, there was a crummy
diner still open, just a few minutes’ walk down from the motel. The land
was flat and barren under the black shroud of the night, inter-spaced
with the sickly amber glow of humming streetlights.

Nothing accompanied me on the walk. Cars passed occasionally, heading
through on to places brighter and less lonely, no doubt. A wind howled
across the scrub-land, and approaching the diner, I turned my head out
the wind, and saw that opposite was a little church.

A humble place, just a brick building with a peaked roof and a big white
cross on the side, lit by some floor lights. It stuck out to me though,
as I ducked into the empty diner and settled in a booth with peeling red
vinyl on the seats, resting my hands on the sticky table top.

As I ordered there was nowhere to look but that church, standing by its
lonesome on the wrong side of a nowhere highway in an arid and
unwelcoming part of the world. I’ve never believed. Not really. My
parents do, of course, but I was always more influenced by Jen. Her
aloofness just made the whole concept seem so… childish. Who needs
stories and belief when you can just be sensible and life will work out?

When I was younger, I’ll admit, I wasn’t sensible. I made dumb mistakes
to impress a girl, and I lost her anyway. Gained nothing but a few
months in rehab and an end to my formal education.

We went to church, our family. I’ve heard the sermons, sat through
Exodus and the Psalms. When I was a kid, looking over to my big sis,
arms folded and smirk on her face, it was reassuring. It made the good
book seem like nothing but a scary story to get little boys and girls to
obey their parents and their preachers.

Now I wonder. All that stupidity I did, those regrets I have, that
secret.

The chicken tenders arrived lukewarm and under-seasoned, dry as the arid
wastes around the diner.

I choked them down with the diet coke, as I choked down my fears with
cold reason.

If there is someone up, there, judging me, then that’s his business, and
it’s for later. Maybe not much later.

I couldn’t help but look back across to the church.

And there he was. Still as the grave¸ standing at the bottom of the
cross like Longinus himself.

My roommate. He was watching me, and it almost made me itch. The Honda
was parked at the motel, basically next door, just a few seconds’
sprint. It might as well have been on the moon. I dropped a few crumpled
notes on the table and bolted for the door. If there had been anyone at
the counter, they might as well have been invisible, so focused was my
vision.

His even across the street I could feel it, how our gaze was locked. To
describe his eyes as unnatural would be an understatement, like
describing the fires of damnation as uncomfortably warm. He could see
me, and with his seeing of the body came the seeing of the soul. I felt
exposed, like a hare in an empty field with eagles above.

My legs were carrying me backwards, towards the motel, and he was just
standing. Gray hoodie and cargo pants, most normal fella you’ve ever
seen. Except those piercing eyes.

My calves touched something behind me, and I was free, the connection
broken. I was in the parking lot of the motel, backed up against the
bumper of my trusty, rusty Civic, and right then I felt I would have
fallen to my knees and kissed the scuffed spot where its H badge had
been stolen. But I was still panicked, hurrying. I instead dove into the
driver’s seat and slammed it into drive as the 2-liter roared to life.

I flicked on the lights.

And there he was. At the end of the motel parking lot, just after the
speed hump and before the main road.

He was looking my way still, eyes fixed on me.

I didn’t make eye contact; instead I focused on his mouth.

I couldn’t hear it, but I could see it.

“Confess.” He said, over and over again.

He was saying it as I dropped the parking brake.

Still he said it as I shot down the parking lot, barrelling towards him.

“Confess, he said, as I bounced high off the speed hump, momentarily
losing sight of him as my headlights ramped up.

And when the front end bounced down at nearly 50 miles per hour, when I
should have smashed into him and shattered his bones, he was gone.

I nearly under-steered into the church as I speed off east out of town,
like a man being chased by the devil himself.

 

………

 

My parents lived in a big old ranch, and I made the trip in less than 22
minutes. It was dark, there was no-one around, and I drove with my
lights off, just in case I was being followed. Parking the Civic up
besides my Dad’s F-150 made it look comically small.

The whole ranch had that effect. A big, three-story house, with a
wrap-around porch, the old stars and stripes hanging by the lone star of
Texas. As typical as could be. It wasn’t an actual farm, hadn’t been
since long before my mom and dad bought it and moved in.

I had to sit there for a while, engine off, breeze rattling through the
night, hands resting on the cracked old dashboard. The lights were on,
in the living room, but the curtains were drawn.

I was reflecting. Maybe he just dropped down next to the speed hump, or
threw himself aside at the last second. There had to be a sensible,
non-mystical answer for all this. I was still reflecting when my phone
buzzed.

11:54pm. An email. From Whataburger corporate. My heart was doing its
rib-beating routine, as I read through the email. I was fired, in short.
Panic started to fill me as I flicked through apps, and there, in my
texts, I found it.

A few messages I’d missed. Under the name, DICKhead (boss).

10:22pm: Call me, it’s urgent.

10:26pm: You lied to me champ. Call me now. URGENT

10:49pm: He’s told me everything. I’ve already called the police, told
them all that crap you told me.

10:49pm: You ever show your face around here, you’re DEAD

10:49pm: 👍

10:50pm: Didn’t mean to send that

That was it. That fucker had taken my apartment, my sister, and now my
crappy job. He wouldn’t even let me eat bland chicken in peace. I might
have gone to my dad’s house looking for help, maybe somewhere to stay,
to plan. But this was it. Clearly my roommate wouldn’t stop until he’d
taken everything from me.

 I was out the car and halfway to the porch when the door opened. There,
silhouetted from the light behind like some deific phantom, was my
overweight father, holding a shotgun.

With a pang, I recognized it. An old, wood-furniture Remington 870. My
dad had picked it up for $70 not long before I was born, and I’d shot my
first hog with it.

“Jen called.” His voice growled as I looked up into the light, eyes
struggling to adjust.

“She said you might come. Also said I shouldn’t let you step a damn foot
in this house. That I should just call the police and be done with you.”
He stood still as a rock, shotgun across his chest, not quite as
threatening as if he was pointing it at me. Still a very nasty thing to
do in front of your own son, though.

“Yeah, not surprised. Things’ve gone to shit a little, Dad.”

He didn’t move.

“I dunno what she said. I could make excuses. Wouldn’t matter. You
wouldn’t believe me.”

My dad lowered the shotgun at that, letting it dangle from one hand.

“Heck no, I wouldn’t.”

I nodded. “What’s she think I’ve done this time?”

“No idea. She was crying though. I don’t like it when you make my
daughter cry.”

I shrugged, remembering which of us had made her cry more. But I let it
go.

“Me neither. I wish I knew what I did.”

My old man tensed at that. “Can’t remember? You back on the smack?”

I shook my head, wounded by the statement. “No Dad, I haven’t touched
that shit in years, not any drugs. Haven’t had so much as a beer in a
few days.”

My father finally seemed to settle, to deflate a little, and I saw how
old he looked. His beard, which I remembered as a big black bushy thing,
had gone to gray, and his eyes were haggard, face lined with a hundred
little wrinkles.

“She said you were sober. Told me that much, at least. Besides, I can
hardly imagine you driving all this way high. What do you want? We don’t
have any cash, so even ask.”

It hurt a lot.

I’d come a long way, a really long way, in the last 5 years. I’d sobered
up. I had gotten a job, stuck with it, made it to my counselling, and
even moved out of sister and her girlfriend’s apartment.

But my dad still just saw a heroin addict, looking for money for another
hit.

My breaths came ragged and my cheeks stung, though whether with rage, or
embarrassment, or anger, I had no clue. I was a vortex of pain and
rawness just then.

It took me a long, lingering while to collect myself, to gather some
sense of composure.

“I’m going away, Dad. Far away.” I yanked out my wallet, showed him the
wad of cash in here. I’d withdrawn everything, every last dollar, from
an ATM on the way out of town. It was at once an impressive stack, but
also so little. About 9 thousand. My whole worth, every scrap I’d saved
over the years I’d been fixing myself.

“I don’t need any money, Dad. Just wanted to make peace with myself, say
goodbye to the house, to mom. That’s all.” I almost believed my own lie
as I said it.

“Gonna… make a new life somewhere? Head north? Cross the border, maybe?”
There was an edge to father’s voice.

“We’ll see.”

He nodded, and let me in. Whatever the bible might say on suicide,
clearly he thought I was already damned.

The house hadn’t changed much. Same polished wood floors and ugly green
wallpaper. My mother was sat in her old chair, there in the living room,
but I didn’t approach. I stood at the bottom of the stairs.

“Mind if I go say goodbye to my old room?” I asked.

My father is a lot of things. And in a lot of ways, we couldn’t be more
different. He’s a homophobe who kicked out his own daughter, a man who
used his voice or his strength to get his way, thought differing
opinions equated to a lack of respect. And, of course, he was deeply
devout.

But in one way, we couldn’t be more alike.

My dad is a fucking idiot.

And being an idiot, he nodded, before settling down in his own chair in
the living room, shotgun lying by his feet.

On the third story were the three bedrooms. Mine and Jen’s, left and
right, opposite each other. I walked past, didn’t even spare them a
glance. The master bedroom hadn’t had a lock in my childhood, and that
clearly hadn’t changed as I let myself in. The walk-in closet was still
on the right. And, with barely 4 foot of that for my mom and dad’s
Sunday best, the rest was dominated by the same massive, 6’ tall safe.

The last time I’d been here, I’d been on the cusp of the biggest mistake
of my life. This time, I hoped things would be different. I had come so
far. I would never fall back to what I had been, that I promised myself.

The old digital keypad looked as it had, 9 years ago, when I’d left this
house, thinking that would be the last time. As I went to type in the
code, I realized what a long shot it was. Surely my dad would have known
someone had been through his safe, would have changed the code?

1219. Jen’s birthday.

The idiot.

The safe clicked, and I swung the door open.

 There was my dad’s other pride and joy. Shotguns for birds, shotguns
for hogs. AR15s, AR10s, semi-autos and lever-actions of nearly every
configuration, bolt-actions from Winchester, Springfield, CZ, Tikka,
Mauser, and Ruger. Some were new, others had served in wars long past.
Cartridges were piled high, boxes of everything from 12 gauge to .410,
from .22 Long to .50 Browning.

My father’s horde of ordinance, his shrine to his own saints, John Moses
Browning and Samuel Colt. In many ways, I truly believe my father might
be the most Texan man ever born. More than 40 long guns, and yet my head
looked passed them all.

On the door there was a rack. And on that rack was my dad’s handguns.
And among his fancy and historical pistols, between a 1911 my
great-grandfather had carried in the war, and a .44 magnum of Dirty
Harry fame, my hand was drawn to a single, unassuming Glock.

There were other guns just as good, if not better. A couple of H&Ks, a
CZ, but either my hand was moving of its own accord, or some part of my
mind has a very dark and ironic sense of humor.

I took that Glock 20, grabbed its polymer holster, a box of 10mm Speer
Gold Dot ammunition, and a couple of spare mags, and quickly armed
myself. Felons are not allowed to own firearms in the state of Texas,
but ‘borrowing’ from family is something of a gray area.

The inner-waistband holster hid the big gun even on my skinny frame, and
my rear pockets and jacket hid the mags and ammo well enough. A quick
peek in the mirror, and I looked no more suspicious than I normally am
to my father.

Back downstairs, I turned and looked at what was left of my family. My
father, big and gray and angry. And my mother. She’d always been a small
woman, in both stature and character, but now she was practically
skeletal. Shrouded in a blanket the color of dirt, her eyes were sunken
in her head, those big pale eyes. She looked pathetic. The last thing
Jen had said, before she’d been forced out in the middle of the night,
was that mom was a coward for staying, that dad would suck all the life
out of her.

Jen was right, like usual, and my mom looked like more of an emaciated
addict than I ever had. I wanted to pity here, but this was the woman
who’d sat by as her husband had thrown out their children, driven away
her side of the family, and shunned his own. She could have left. All
that he was, he was never physically violent, not to his family.

But no. She’d always been weak. She was in a hell of her own making, and
she could walk through the door at any time. I don’t hate her.

Worse, I feel nothing for her.

“Goodbye.” The words came without feeling, without meaning.

And I left.

 

………

 

As I was pulling the Civic back onto the road, I glanced in the
rear-view mirror. My stomach dropped, but I’d half expected it. There
was Mike, my good ol’ stalker roommate, standing on the porch, having an
animated conversation with my father.

I turned out, and was picking up speed, as the first shots came from
behind. My dad, at the edge of his fence, was shooting at me. I was
already a quarter-mile gone and picking up speed fast, and whatever
birdshot or buckshot he had loaded was coming nowhere near me.

Still, it’s an unsettling feeling, having your own father shooting at
you. I noticed as well, Mike was nowhere to be seen, and he hadn’t come
in a car or anything. I would have seen it.

Whatever the hell he is, he has a date with the gold folks of Speer
Ammunition, and I wasn’t going to keep him waiting. It wasn’t like I had
any else either. Everything I’d ever worked for, whoever I’d had to rely
on, had all been ripped away by my oh-so-normal roommate. Thinking back,
I’m sure it was Jen who picked him in the first place.

There had been others who could’ve been my roommate, lots of them. I
remember more about them than Mike anyway. There was a Chinese postgrad
student, liked playing League of Legends. Some European guy, must’ve
been 6’7”, just kept smiling and talking about how he liked American
girls. A half-Indonesian, half-Jamaican wannabe rapper, he’d seemed fun.
And who could forget, some guy from Dallas who was convinced his
grandfather had been the second gunman on the grassy knoll.

All this was rushing through my head as I drove nearly aimlessly. I’d
taken a right out of my dad’s place. Instead of heading back towards
town, I was pressing into the wide expanse of north Texas.

At Perryton, I headed south, cutting through the wide desert plains
under the light of the moon and the stars. Nothing but me, the road, and
my memories.

At Pampa, nearly 1am, I stopped at a Taco Bell. It was the only place
still open, and they gave me a shitty look, as they were closing in
about 5 minutes.

So I drove on, with my crunchwrap supreme congealing in its wrapper, and
my baja blast growing warm and diluted.

East I went; seemingly taking no notice as the world passed me by
outside.

I couldn’t tell you how I was feeling. There was something tranquil
about that night. The road stretched on forever, and it felt like I had
all the time in the world.

And yet, I knew now there would be no escape. Whatever was happening was
beyond my ability to control or to understand.

Jen gets stressed, when that happens. She gets all anxious, starts
biting her nails, picking at her hair. I’ve never really been like that.

As I see it, you should only care about things you can control. If it’s
something bigger than you: war, politics, news, even workplace drama you
ain’t the center of, why care?

Maybe that’s what made me so susceptible to drugs back in high school.
It was something I could do, at that time in your life when you have no
control, no autonomy, at school or at home. Drugs are a conscious
decision. It’s a way of striking back at the man.

And then you’re in the grips of addiction, and your priorities get
fucked. Getting high isn’t a choice; it’s the most important part of
your day. School, hygiene, friends, it all comes in a very distant
second behind drugs, and the harder the drugs the further back those
other priorities fall.

I stopped, somewhere over the border, in Oklahoma. Some nameless patch
of dirt on the roadside. I ate my crunchwrap and chugged my baja blast,
and it was the best thing I’ve ever eaten.

I’ve thought about this, about what’s coming. This morning, either I’m
going to die, or Mike is. It’s a good feeling, having something that
final to look forward to. Every minute out here, under the moon, feels
like an hour of bliss. If I don’t write anything else, know I’m dead and
rotting in some nameless ditch somewhere in Oklahoma.
