There will be no recap for this post so if you are at all confused
please refer to the first three parts. 

[Part 1] [Part 2] [Part 3]

If I have to be honest, I am not sure how to start. As you may see from
the title, this is the end of the story. So much has happened and I have
been put in quite the pickle with all the death that had happened. I
suppose I will start where I left off, looking at Larry’s stupid
newsletter, the one with a clear picture of Mary going into an open
vent. 

Staring down at that newsletter all I could feel was pure panic. You
could see Mary clear as day. The picture, although grainy and looked as
if the camera swung frantically to take the shot, had great detail of
her legs and body that no one could mistake it for anything else. Larry
may not be a professional photographer, yet he was able to capture the
sheer size of her. It was a haunting visual and I lived with the damn
thing for months. 

I’m sure I wasn’t the only tenant to get a newsletter. Larry places them
in the mail himself. I know this because I’ve seen him do it. If this
thing was truly distributed then there was only a matter of time for
others to see the photo and panic. Then, next thing you know, there will
be a full blown investigation. They may even hire a hunter or something
to try to capture Mary. If they did, they are more than likely to either
kill her or trap her for scientific studies. I will be the first to
admit that Mary has been nothing but a pain in my neck ever since she
started living with me. Yet, deep down I wanted to protect her from that
sort of fate. Mary had feelings. Mary was more human than some. I could
not allow this whole situation to go out of control, for Mary’s sake. It
was fortunate for Mary to be away during that time and I was going to go
out of my way to make sure that whenever she came back she would be at
peace, that no one was looking for her. Not even Larry. 

I took the newsletter and tore it into thousands of pieces and then
swept them up into the trash. Afterwards, I unloaded the bag and made my
way to the garbage cans behind the apartment building. As I made my way
through the lobby, I made sure to pick up any newsletters I saw and
crumpled them into my pocket so I could dispose of them. When I made my
way outside with my target in sight. I saw that Barb was having her
smoke break. This was a perfect opportunity to see if anyone has seen
Larry’s damn picture of Mary.

I approached Barb and put on a very friendly smile. 

“Hey there, Barb. How’s it going?” I waved, trying to act like I wasn’t
shitting my pants. 

Barb jumped when she noticed that it was me. Her cigarette, which was
almost finished, was nearly swallowed by her coughs. I felt bad for
scaring such an old, fragile woman so I kept a considerable distance
away as she recuperated. While finishing her coughing fit she, snuffed
out her cigarette with her heel and lit another one in its place. She
took one long, shaky drag before responding. 

“Well, if it isn’t lover boy. Apologies, I didn’t see you coming.” Bard
stared me down with suspicious eyes that said that I was up to no good. 

“No, that’s all my fault. I should have announced myself earlier.” In my
head, I gathered what I was going to say to make sure that I was going
to get some answers. I tossed the bag of trash in the can then took all
of the newsletters stuffed in my pockets and discarding those as well.
Barb was still shooting worried glances at me and that’s when I decided
to figure out if these damn newsletters have piqued any interests. 

“Hey, I’ve been getting these newsletters in the mail. It’s some weird
shit like big foots baby or whatever. Have you seen those around?” 

Barb shifted her feet. 

“Yes, those are Larry’s. I’ve been taking them shits down for about a
year now. They’re so tacky and, ugh, disturbing.” 

“Did you see the one that was out today or yesterday?” 

“No. Actually… I think yes. I saw it yesterday evening.” 

My heart dropped but I still needed to know how much was exposed about
Mary. 

“Yeah, I think it must have been yesterday. The images were kind of
shocking I think, but didn’t look entirely real to me. It was probably
AI. What did you think?” 

“I didn’t look at it. I remembered using it to clean up shit when my
kitty missed the bowl.” 

Barb took one long drag, so long that I thought she would choke on the
smoke again, and then expelled all the toxins back into the air before
snuffing out the cigarette. 

“I- I gotta go.” Barb said as she quickly walked back to the lobby. 

It was safe to assume that Larry didn’t have as much of a reach as I had
once thought. But, I needed to make sure. I wanted to talk to a few more
people before I was certain that Larry’s newsletter wasn’t going to be a
problem. 

As I made my way back inside the building, I saw that Mr. O’Neal had
just stepped into the elevator with a case of beer. He looked over and
locked eyes with me as I waved at him to hold the elevator. He must have
not caught my wave because he pressed the button to his floor
repeatedly. I quickly intercepted the doors before they closed and I
stepped inside. 

“Hey there, Mr. O’Neal, going up?” I asked. 

“Uh, well, I’m not going down.” Mr. O’Neal responded while keeping his
distance and fitting himself snug into the corner. He must have been a
real germaphobe. 

I pressed the button to my floor and got right to what I wanted to
know. 

“Funny question, did you see Larry’s stupid news letter this week? I
couldn’t believe what I saw. I mean Larry is weird and all but I didn’t
think he would just openly use AI for his dumb stories. What do you
think?” 

Mr. O’Neal looked over at me and kept his distance. He cleared his
throat to respond to me before he got to his floor. 

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I didn’t hear anything. I’m
sure everything was just an accident.” 

“Larry using AI is an accident?” 

The elevator rang a bell and the doors opened wide to Mr. O’Neal’s
floor. He stepped out quickly before I could ask any follow up
questions. Confused, I proceeded to my floor. Mr. O’Neal probably didn’t
care too much about the newsletters, so I decided to just get to my room
and figure out where to go from there. 

When I got to my floor and walked down the hallway towards my room, I
saw Susie walking towards me. I figured that it wouldn’t hurt to ask her
if she’s seen the newsletter, but as I was raising my hand to wave her
over, she saw me and froze. Her eyes widened as if she had seen a ghost
right before she about-faced and ran towards her room. I stood there as
she cried trying to find her room keys with shaky hands. Once she did,
she ran inside and slammed the door behind her. 

I was baffled, confused. Why did she run away from me? I would soon
figure that out the day after when a detective arrived at my place with
two police officers. 

“Hello. My name is detective Matthew Hart. I am looking for someone
named Jules who lives at this residence.” 

It was early in the morning and I had just woken up from the loud
rapping at my door. Disoriented, I managed to answer the door and before
me was a man who had one of those nice suits with a striped tie. His
hair was slicked back and a sizable mole rested above his left eyebrow.
I caught myself staring too long and noticed that two officers stood
close by with their hands on their holstered guns. 

“Uh, good morning.” was all I could say. 

“To you as well. Are you Jules [Redacted], the person living at this
residence?” 

“I am. How can I help you?” 

“Well, Mr. [Redacted], Can we speak inside? Just me and you. I would
like to ask you some questions.” 

I didn’t see why not. I trusted the police and wanted to be as helpful
as I could so I got out of his way and ushered him in. Detective Matthew
Hart signaled the other two officers to wait by the door as he walked
into my apartment. I asked if he wanted coffee and he politely declined
as he circled the room. As I made myself a cup he looked around so
intently as if he were searching for something. 

“Do you live alone?” he asked finally. 

“What?” I stopped what I was doing, startled. My mind went to Mary and I
hoped that she wouldn’t make a sudden appearance just then.

“Do you have any roommates?” 

“I- I do not. I live by myself.” Unless you count the giant spider that
also lives here.

“You keep a very clean apartment. That’s very good, it really tells me a
lot about a person when their home is this tidy.” 

“Oh yeah, and what is that?” I asked, knowing damn well, if it wasn’t
for Mary, that the place would be trashed.

“A clean home is indicative of someone who is organized and thoughtful.
You wouldn’t want a clean home unless you deeply care about your
environment and those who enter it. In my line of work we see this in
empaths, someone who is considerate of other people’s feelings.” 

“That’s very kind of you. I try my best.” I took a sip of coffee and
thought of Mary.  

“There is another personality type who likes to keep an extremely tidy
space. Would you like to take a guess as to who that might be?” The
detective sat down at the dining table and placed a note pad down. “You
don’t mind if I sit down, do you?” 

“No, go right ahead.” I made my way to the table and sat across from him
with both hands on my mug. “And, as to your question, I am not sure.” 

The detective smiled at me and opened his note pad and took a pen out of
his breast pocket. 

“Do you know why I would be here? Why I would want to ask you some
questions?” 

“Well, if it’s about the missing pets, I’ve already sent a statement to
the police department about all that.” 

“No. I’m not here about Fido, I’m here about the young lady you had here
last Friday. I’m talking about Lily.” 

“Oh.” I felt sweat begin to collect on my upper lip. Maybe I was worried
about the line of questions. Or it was the coffee. “I already put a
statement in for that as well.” 

“Yes, yes, I have it here. You said it was an accident and that she
tripped on a blanket and all that sounds very plausible, don’t get me
wrong, I am not here to assume that it happened any differently.” 

“So, why are you here?” 

“What I have to do is get the facts straight. And right now, there are
some loose ends that need to be tied up. Now, Jules, could you please
tell me again what happened from the beginning. And, do try not to leave
out any details.” 

I took a deep breath and tried to remember what my first statement was.
It was along the lines of me and Lily playing around the apartment,
maybe I tickled her too hard and she slipped on the blanket and fell.
I’m no Shakespeare but that was the best I could come up with. Judging
by the look of detective Matthew Hart, I could tell he wasn’t impressed
with my improvised story. He took a deep breath and looked into his note
pad as he jotted down some notes. I wasn’t sure if my story lined up
with my initial statement but I would have to make do with that. 

“When Lily was ‘being tickled’ did she yell out or say anything? Did she
tell you to stop or looked as if she was enjoying it?” 

I nodded my head and looked deeply into the dark liquid of my mug. 

“Everything was so… consensual. She liked all of it, from what I can
tell.” 

“Did Lily ever say ‘no’ or oppose to anything that you did?” 

“Look, me and Lily did things as adults do and everything was with
consent and all that.” I was beginning to feel flustered. My cheeks
became red and sweat began to pour from all the pores of my forehead.
Everything was so embarrassing to talk about and also so frustrating.
Lily liked me and everything was just an accident. “I don’t know what
all these questions are trying to prove but I think I’ve had enough of
all this. A beautiful woman died in my apartment and I have to grieve.” 

“So does her parents.” Detective Mathew Hart said. “And so did her
friends who were at the bar with her that same night. They remember you,
yet, they did not have good things to say.”  

“What do you mean?” 

“In their recollection of the night, they remember you sitting alone
with an ominous look on your face. According to them you periodically
passed glances at their table. They said you ogled at them all night and
it came to a point when they had to leave. Before they did, Lily decided
to approach you.” 

“I- I didn’t do all that.” 

“What didn’t you do?” 

“I didn’t ogle at them.” 

The detective leaned in close. 

“I wouldn’t blame you if you did. I mean, I had to interview these girls
and I couldn’t take my eyes off of them. I was even present for Lily’s
autopsy and…” He leaned in closer and spoke low. “I gotta say, she had
one bangin body.” 

I was stunned at the unprofessionalism of this detective that I couldn’t
say a word. At that moment I wanted to jump the table and bash my mug
into his skull. 

The detective leaned back and continued. 

“I could see why you were attracted to Lily. She was all that, as the
kids say. Her friends said that you were freaking them out all night.
They thought that you were, and quote ‘the serial killer type’.” 

“Look man, I wouldn’t hurt a fly. If those other girls didn’t like me,
fine. But I do not have any ill will against them. We all lost Lily.” 

“Indeed. I also took some anonymous statements from around the building
and someone stated that they heard screaming and shouting from around
the same time Lily had her slip. They stated that they heard, and I
quote, ‘Please don’t kill me’.” 

The detective closed his notebook and looked up at me with a sly smile. 

“Do you have any response to that?” 

My mind was going a thousand miles an hour. I wanted to hurt the
detective and also cry at the same time. None of this was my fault,
neither was it Mary’s. It was all just a misunderstanding and truly an
accident. I was guessing by this point that they thought I somehow
murdered poor Lily and I wasn’t going to let this get out of hand. This
time I needed to tell the truth. They say the truth will set you free
and I was about to test that hypothesis. It was time to come clean about
Mary. 

“I think that this has all been blown out of proportion. If you want me
to tell you the truth about everything, then I will. But it’ll be a
little hard to believe.” 

The detective reopened the notebook and readied his pen. 

“I’m glad you are willing to come clean. Just tell me the truth and I’ll
believe you.” 

The next hour and a half I recounted my life with Mary, how she came to
live with me, how she started eating pets, how I fed her mice, how she
cooked and cleaned for me, I told him everything. My mouth was moving
faster than the detective could write so he put the pen down and closed
the notebook all together. He just listened to me as I poured out all
the beans. As I talked about Mary, I realized that I had a serious
fondness for her. She was everything to me and I wanted her back so
badly. After I was done with my tale, I felt like the weight of the
world was removed from my shoulders. Keeping secrets was not a very easy
thing to do and I was glad that I could be open and honest about my
situation. 

The Detective was stunned and moved by my story. He got up and began to
walk to the front door when I was done. I got up and followed him over. 

“Do you believe me, detective? I didn’t kill Lily! It was all just an
accident!”

The detective looked over to me as he opened the door to the hallway and
gave a slight nod. 

“Yeah. Uhh I need to think it over and I will keep in touch. For now
just stay here and I will… Just stay here.” 

Before I could say anything else, the detective removed himself from my
apartment and closed the door behind him. I stood for a second and
decided to move over to the door and look through the peep hole. It was
there that I saw the two officers talking to the detective. 

“So, what did he say?” One of the officers asked.  

“He said a lot. Actually, he said too much.” The detective said,
whipping his forehead with his sleeve. “We have to get back to the
precinct.” 

“Did he do it? Shouldn’t we arrest him right now while we still have
him?” 

The detective turned to the officer and spoke low. 

“Oh, he absolutely did it. He just made up a story that was way out of
this world. He is a total lunatic. A modern day Charles Manson. Yet, we
cannot arrest him. If we did now without any real evidence, we would be
laughed out of court and this monster will be back on the streets. We
need time to work on this because right now everything looks like an
accident.” 

They all walked away from my door and I was left heart broken. The
detective did not believe me after all and now I might be in some
serious trouble with the law. I wanted to run. I wanted to scream. Why
did this all have to happen to me? I just wanted to live a normal life
with minimal issues and yet here I was about to be arrested for
something I didn’t do and still wondering if my gargantuan spider
roommate would ever turn up again. No wonder everyone was so distant
when I tried to confront them about Larry’s newsletter, they all
probably think I murdered Lily. 

Now that everyone was avoiding me I felt lonely. It shouldn’t have
bothered me that much. I usually stay away from people anyways. Yet,
there was this cloud over my head and I couldn’t make it go away. It
distracted me at work and made going outside undesirable. I felt bad for
Lily, she didn’t deserve to die. Even if it was an accident, I felt
partially responsible. That sort of guilt does not go away. Even now, as
I type this, I wish I could have done something to prevent it from
happening. I especially feel sorry for Mary. I’m sure she feels the same
way if not worse. And, since Mary left, the apartment felt less like
home. Days went on without the laundry being done, bed not being made,
meals not being prepared.

I used to hate Mary with all my being and now I wish she would come
home. 

A few days passed and I heard a commotion coming from my living room. A
loud crack woke me up from a dreamless sleep. Adrenaline kicked in as I
got up from my bed and went to investigate. The apartment was quiet as I
made my way to the living room. I discovered that one of the windows was
busted open. A gentle breeze blew the curtains across the room. Turning
on the lights, I made my way over to the window to try to shut it, it
was impossible. The wood around my window was clearly splintered as if
someone forced their way into the room. I looked around, the apartment
was empty. My first thought was, Mary is back. A smile spread across my
face. I couldn’t help it. 

“Mary? Was that you?” I called out. 

“Mary? I was getting worried about you, actually. I- I feel like we
should talk about something.” 

The apartment was quiet. I made my way around the room trying to find
the words to say. 

“I know you didn’t mean to frighten Lily. And I know you feel awful
about it. I just want to say that it’s not your fault. It was all a huge
misunderstanding and I know in my heart you wouldn’t hurt anyone.” 

Tears began to well up into my eyes. I tried my best to push them back. 

“Please, I don’t mind if you stay a little long-” 

CRASH!

Something was in the laundry room. I walked over without any caution in
my stride and turned on the lights. 

A man with a black mask stood before me. With great strength, he pinned
me against the wall and choked me with one hand. I struggled to resist
him but his hand was too big and I was so weak. Before I could let out a
scream, he held a funny scented cloth to my mouth and nose. The world
went black around me.

When I came back from being knocked out,  I noticed that I was still in
my living room. Light illuminated from the stove lamp and that was
enough to see everything. All the furniture was pressed against the wall
and stacked neatly. I sat in one of my dining chairs and I could feel
rope tied to my hands and connecting to my feet. Every time I tried to
move my wrists to test the rope my feet would move in unison with my
struggle. Looking down I noticed that a sheet of plastic was laid down
under me and the dining chair. My heart raced with the fear of what was
about to be done to me in my own home. I was gagged with some sort of
cloth and I could still feel the imprint of where the man placed his
huge hand around my neck. 

I looked around quickly, but my eyes didn’t catch the stranger like I
had hoped. 

“You finally came to.” A gruff voice said from behind. Heavy steps made
their way around me and I saw as the man came before me with a gun
pointed to my head. I wanted to scream but couldn’t. All I was able to
do was let out a muffled whimper. The man whipped the pistol across my
face and I stammered from the pain. 

“Shut the hell up! No one is going to hear you. I sound proofed the
place so we can have a private conversation. 

The man untied my gag and I let out a cough. The pistol came right back
to my head and I sucked up any other noises I would have made. 

“You and I have some business together. The only way this will work is
if you answer my questions truthfully. If I detect any lie from you I
will do my best to hurt you until I get what I want. Is that
understood?”  

I tried to answer but my mind went blank. I was truly afraid and
couldn’t respond in time. Another whip of his pistol came across my
face. Blood trickled down my shirt from my nose. My lip was definitely
busted. 

“DO YOU UNDERSTAND!” 

“Yes, yes I understand. Just take anything you want and I won’t call the
police.” I would like to say that I was brave in that moment but that
would not be the truth. I was two seconds away from pissing myself and
tears already began to trail down my face. “Please, don’t hurt me.” 

The man chuckled at my humiliation. 

“I am not here to rob you. I am here to ask you about one thing.” The
man took out a photo from his front pocket and showed me. “Where is
it?” 

I looked at the photo and saw a clear picture of Mary climbing up a wall
towards an open vent. My mind raced. Why did this person want Mary? How
did he know I was connected to it? And, why the hell was he wearing
cargo shorts? 

It finally dawned on me who I was staring at. I licked my bloody lips
and just shook my head. 

“I don’t know anything about that.” 

“Don’t lie to me, punk! I know you have been housing this creature in
your apartment for some time. It sleeps in your laundry room right? And,
you called it by name. It was Mary. Now, tell me where it is or face the
consequences.” 

“Larry, I know it’s you.  You are the only one that wears those stupid
cargo shorts.” 

Larry looked down and processed his errors. He breathed deep and stood
up straight. After weighing his options he decided to take off the mask
revealing his sweaty black hair and stupid mustache. 

“Doesn’t matter. You are not getting out of this alive. Not after what
you did to that innocent girl. I’ve taken it upon myself to put things
right. To uphold justice and to kill you and that thing. Once I do, I
will be a hero that took down a real monster, the monster and the man
keeping it as his pet. I don’t know how you came upon such a creature
but I’ll make damn sure that it doesn’t hurt anyone else or eat any more
pets. I knew something fishy was going on here. I almost couldn’t
believe my eyes at first.” 

Larry took more pictures out of his pocket. He began to show them to me
one by one. There were several pictures of Mary suspending herself from
a web to steal cheese. There was one of Mary catching a handful of
cockroaches. And lastly, there was one of Mary in front of a very
frightened Lily. It pained me to see that one. I saw that it was her
last moments. This picture was taken outside of my window, the day Lily
fell. 

“You- were here? Taking pictures?” 

“I was gathering evidence of a large arachnid, the largest the world has
ever seen. I skillfully traced the creature back to your apartment and,
boy, I was not ready for what I was about to see.” 

He showed me one more picture of me holding a knife that same morning
that Lily died. 

“I could not believe what I was seeing.” 

I looked up to Larry and quickly tried to explain. 

“You don’t understand! Me and Mary were trying to tell her to calm down!
We didn’t kill her!” 

“TRY TELLING A DIFFERENT STORY! I know exactly what happened. First, the
spider killed all the bugs in the apartment. I noticed that there were
fewer cockroaches in my kitchen and thought nothing of it. Then, the
house pets began to go missing. My guess is that this ‘Mary’ as you
called it got tired of bugs and upgraded to dogs and birds and cats.” 

“Mary doesn’t eat cats.” I corrected. 

Larry responded with another pistol whip.    

“QUIET! As I was saying, the spider got bigger and harder to control. It
wanted to eat something else. You were afraid that it would one day eat
you and so you lured a helpless woman back to your apartment and tried
to kill her so that the spider could feast.” 

Everything Larry said was just outrageous. It was like a plot to some B
tier horror movie. Yet, I couldn’t help but feel guilty. After all, I
did think that Mary would kill me one day. I know now that that couldn’t
be further from the truth. 

Larry didn’t wait for my response. He began to walk over to a tool box
and spoke as he did. 

“It doesn’t matter what you may say or how you object to my version of
the story. The pictures don’t lie. You will pay for your crimes. But
first, I will draw out the creature with your pain.” 

He put down the pistol and opened the tool box. He  pulled out a powered
drill with a bit at the end. 

“Wait, how come you haven’t taken this to the police? You have all the
evidence right? You could just turn me in and justice will do the rest.
Why do you have to hurt me?” 

Larry gave the power tool a couple of trigger punches sending the drill
bit into a blood thirst frenzy. 

“You haven’t been paying attention. If I gave you over to the cops, then
I won’t get the creature and I won’t be the hero. Like I said before,
there is no version of this where I let you live.” 

It was right about now that my bladder gave way. Piss warmed my crotch
and shot down my leg. Larry came around me and once again placed the gag
over my mouth. As I tried to fight him he held my head straight. I was
openly sobbing by this point. No one knew this was happening to me and
all I could do was hope that I would pass out from the pain or die
quickly. Larry placed the drill bit on my left thigh and I braced for
the sharp pain of it digging into my skin, then my muscle, then my bone.
In my mind, I already saw the pools of blood collecting on the plastic
below me. I wasn’t ready to be tortured to death and I had little
ability to stop it from happening. 

I closed my eyes and recited a prayer in my head. 

“AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!” 

I looked up at Larry and there he was screaming in pain from something
that came from behind him. As he stood up and thrashed around in agony I
saw a big hairy huntsman spider digging its fangs into the back of
Larry’s neck. 

It was Mary!

“Son of a bitch!” Larry screamed in pain and crashed into some of the
furniture that was stacked against the wall. 

Unable to do much, I just watched as Mary repeatedly sunk her fangs in
and out of Larry’s back. Larry did his best to grab Mary but she was too
fast and nimble. As soon as he grabbed onto a leg, Mary would just bite
down hard again and again. While I looked at the display of absolute
savagery, the gag fell from my lips and the ropes that bound my hands
and legs loosened. I sat there horrified and, yet, relieved. 

Mary sunk a fang deep into one of Larry’s left eye socket and blood shot
out from its hole. A fresh cry of pain shook the room. Larry finally got
a hold of two of Mary’s legs and swung her across the room. Mary slammed
against a wall leaving blood smears as she fell to the floor. I ran over
to Mary without a second’s notice. 

“THAT THING BIT ME! THAT HELL SPAWN BIT ME!” Larry yelled, holding a
hand up to his missing eye.  

I ignored Larry and got a good look at Mary. She was just as big as
before. She was hurt. During that fight, a couple of eyes were punctured
and one of her legs was bent in the wrong direction. My mind raced on
what to do, how to help her. I was never taught how to take care of a
hurt spider, but I badly wanted to protect Mary from getting hurt
again.  

“Mary, please tell me you’re okay.” 

“I’m fine. I am just glad you are okay, roommate.” 

CLICK 

I turned around to find Larry pointing the pistol towards me and Mary.
His eye hole gushed with gelatinous, red goo and a shaky hand held up
the pistol with what little strength Larry had left. The gun swayed back
and forth as Larry tried his best to focus his aim. 

“YOU ARE GOING TO PAY FOR THAT WITH YOUR LIFE. GET OUT OF THE WAY AND
LET ME KILL THAT THING AND I’LL LET YOU LIVE!” 

I stood up and held my hands out. 

“Stop this! I won’t let you hurt Mary so put the gun away!” 

“DONT TELL ME YOU CARE FOR THAT THING! LOOK WHAT IT DID TO ME! IT’S A
MONSTER AND WHEN YOU GET CARELESS, IT WILL DO THE SAME TO YOU OR WORSE.
NOW, GET OUT OF MY WAY OR I’LL SHOOT YOU TOO!” 

Piss still dampened my pants and my face was still sore from Larry’s
beatings. Yet, I ignored all of that and stood my ground. Mary risked
her life to save me, it was time I returned the favor. I thought about
how Mary did everything for me selflessly and did not ask for anything
in return. All the meals she made for me, the many times she folded my
clothes and made my bed and dusted the selves, Mary did those things out
of the kindness of her spider heart. The monster was Larry and I had to
stop him. 

“I won’t let you kill my roommate!” I cried out as I charged the man
with a gun. 

Larry shot me right in the stomach. 

“NOOOOOOOO!” I heard Mary cry out. 

My body stopped in its tracks and I fell to the floor instantly. Getting
shot is a unique experience. It was like being punched really fast. All
the breath from my lungs expelled from my body and my legs limped. It
wasn’t until I hit the ground that I felt the actual pain of the bullet
tearing through my guts.  

Larry looked down at me and laughed hysterically. 

“You stupid bitch! What were you gonna do, try to take my gun away? I
was already pointing it at you!” He laughed again and pointed the gun at
my head. “If you want to die so badly, be my guest.”  

My failure accompanied me on my living room floor. I couldn’t save Mary
but I gave it a good shot. No pun intended. All that was left now was to
wait for the next bullet to rip through my skull. 

I looked to the floor and just waited. That was when I saw a huntsman
spider. A smaller huntsman spider. I looked around and Larry did the
same. Thousands of dead tree legs were crawling on the floor, the
ceiling and every piece of furniture. Larry panicked and began to kick
at the spiders. 

One of the spiders erected on its back legs and yelled in a little
voice, “you hurt mama!”  

“Oh shit.” was all Larry could say before all of those spiders charged
at him and began to crawl all over his body. Tiny fangs stabbed into him
at all sides scaring his skin and drawing blood. Larry thrashed around
in agony and waved his hands in retaliation to try to get the spiders
off. His efforts were fruitless as they continued to enact biblical
levels of pain. They crawled under his shirt, in his cargo shorts, in
and out of his mouth and eye hole. Larry seemed to disintegrate from the
amount of bites that scared his body. He spun around in desperation
yelling at the top of his lungs for the pain to stop. His wild flailing
caused him to collide with the furniture that was stacked against the
wall which destabilized them and crashed to the floor. Larry
continuously slammed himself against the wall to shake the spiders off.
The gun fell out of his hand and onto the floor, just another useless
chunk of metal that couldn’t save his life. Lary charged towards what he
thought was another wall but was the window instead. With a loud crash,
Lary launched himself from the window with great force and he plummeted
to the ground below.   

Speechless, I sat there staring at my broken window. For the first time
in my life, I was admitting to myself that I was glad that a swarm of
spiders were in my apartment. I looked over to Marry and crawled to her,
ignoring the pain in my midsection. 

“Mary, Are you alright?” 

“I am. My leg will heal and I have plenty of eyes to see. I am so sorry
to have brought you such inconvenience. It looks like I wasn’t a good
roommate after all.” 

“No, don’t say that. You did a fantastic job.” 

“You think so?” 

As I looked at Mary, I saw her for the first time as she was, a real
friend. The friend I’ve never had. 

“Yes, you were the perfect roommate anyone could ask for.” 

Mary got up and crawled towards me. I didn’t flinch this time. I saw
that her fangs were still bloody from her fight but I didn’t mind. With
some strength, I sat up and leaned back on one arm, wincing at the pain
as I did so. I continued to hold my stomach to try to stop the
bleeding. 

“You protected me when you didn’t have to.” 

“It was no issue. You did the same for me.” 

Off in the distance, I could hear sirens blaring. Someone must have
called the police. As much as I was glad to see Mary again I knew that
she couldn’t stay. If she did, she would certainly get captured or
someone else that was crazier than Larry might come by to try to take
her away. As much as it pained me, even more than the pain in my
stomach, this was going to be the last time I saw Mary. Her safety was
important to me and so I had to tell her to leave. 

“Mary, the cops are going to be all over this place and I cannot let you
stay here.” 

“What do you mean?” 

I breathed deeply and told her. 

“I have to evict you.” 

Mary looked at me with great understanding. 

“I see. So, this is it.” 

“It is.” 

“Humans are so cruel. I know that I’ll never find another person like
you. Everyone kills spiders.” 

“Not all people, Mary. My mother was the one to teach me not to kill
spiders and it turns out she wasn’t as crazy as I thought. I’m sure
there are a lot of other people out there that won’t hurt you or your
children.” 

“I admire your optimism.” 

Mary crawled closer to me and I let her. One of her legs touched mine as
if to test if I would flinch. I didn’t. She then crawled up to me and I
gave her a hug. A tingle ran down my spine at the proximity of her fangs
to my neck though I knew she wouldn’t hurt me. Old habits and all. I
held the hug and then let her go. She crawled the best she could with
one broken leg towards the window and I watched her go. 

“Take care, Mary” 

I said this to an empty room. 

It is now weeks later and I’m on the run from the law. Judging from my
previous encounter with the detective, I was sure they wouldn’t believe
my giant spider story. Looking around my apartment, it was clear that it
looked like a serial killer’s attempt to torture and kill his victim,
so, instead of sticking around and finding out if the cops would believe
my story, I ran. 

My bullet wound healed up eventually with some shotty first aid I
performed on myself. I threw out all of my personal electronic items so
I didn’t get traced to any location and I made my way to the only place
I knew I’d be safe, Mexico.

After I fled to Mexico, I looked up the LA news and saw what I expected.
There was a manhunt looking for me for the murders of Larry, Lily and
around fifteen house pets that were found in my laundry room crawl
space. It looked pretty bad and I am glad I had the foresight to get out
of there when I did. 

I will leave you all with one last thing before I go offline for good. 

Mary is still out there and she had many, many kids. She doesn’t mean
any harm and I’m sure that her children are the same. I imagine that
they are out there hiding in someone’s house, condo, apartment ,car, or
hell, maybe they’re already in your kitchen. As you’re reading this,
they may be even under your desk or your bed. These things are probably
everywhere, but don’t be alarmed if you see one. Let them stay for a
bit. Be kind to Mary and her children. I know it’s a crazy notion to
keep these overgrown spiders in your home, but then again you would have
to be a little nuts to have a huntsman for a roommate.
