June 18^(th) was both the best and the worst day of my life.

Due to health concerns, my wife had been scheduled for a c-section. My
heart filled with joy as the nurses gently handed me my newborn son as I
sat in the recovery room. My eyes filled with tears as I stared into the
tiny face of my now sleeping infant. I’d do anything for this child.
Slowly I tore my eyes away from him, to look up to the nurse.

“When can we see his mom?” I asked

Her eyes widen slightly “they are finishing up as we speak, don’t worry
someone will come and get you when she’s ready to see you.”

After walking me through using a bottle and explaining the call button,
she left with a cheery

“don’t be afraid to call one of us if you need help.”

There I was, alone with my son. So many thoughts filled my mind, how I
wished I had been a better man, how I longed to be a better father than
mine, who had abandoned me at 12. As I stared into the angel-like face
of my son I felt scared, proud, and motivated to be the best dad I could
be. As the hours passed, my joy slowly became replaced with a new
feeling; worry. Where was Jessica? What was taking so long? Was this
normal? Later that evening a solemn doctor entered the room.

“it’s Grant, isn’t it?” he said

“Yessir that’s right, where’s my wife, what’s going on?” I said as I
rose to my feet.

He swallowed hard before saying “I’m sorry Grant, there was a serious
complication, a heavy bleed, and well, I’m sorry, but your wife has
passed away.”

I couldn’t breathe. It felt like all the air had been forced out of my
lungs. I fell back into my chair as a muffled scream finally exited my
mouth, The tears soon followed. And almost as if he could sense my pain
my son joined in. A moment I will never forget, through my own tears I
reached out to comfort my crying son, I cradled him in my arms,
whispering to him that everything was going to be ok, all the while my
tears gently ran down my cheeks and dropped softly out his little head.
Soon he calmed down, as he did I held him out to look him in the face,
and for the first time, his little eyes opened to see the world around
him. He had his mother’s eyes, I smiled, choking back more tears.

“Hello David” Jessica loved that name; it was her top choice.

“I love you son, and Mommy loves you too.”

I gazed into my son’s perfect face; in a way it was like staring at his
mother. For a moment, hope and resolve filled my mind, my Jessica had
given me a great gift. I loved David more fiercely than I’d ever loved
anyone. I promised myself there and then to give David the world.

I noticed then something that didn’t bother me at the time:

David’s beautiful little eyes didn’t look back into mine instead, they
stared off into the empty space just above my left shoulder.

That was five years ago. It hasn’t been easy being a single dad, several
years ago I got the courage to ask my boss if I could do the majority of
my work from home. Really all that’s required to work in accounting
nowadays is a laptop and a good Wi-Fi connection. My boss was gracious
enough to agree when he heard of my situation. Years as a corporate
accountant have allowed me to afford a small home in the suburbs that is
more than enough room for the two of us.

David has grown into a healthy and happy little boy. Next month he will
be five. His light blonde hair, and deep blue eyes remind me so much of
his mother. His smile and laughter light up any room, and my life is
altogether better because of my boy. Yet something strange has been
happening lately, I suppose that’s why I’m writing this, maybe someone
out there will know what’s happening or what I should do.

Ever since his first day of life, I’ve noticed David staring at
something behind me. When he was an infant they told me don’t worry
about it, it takes time for baby’s eyes to focus and identify faces from
random objects. In no time, I should notice him doing it less and less.
When the doctor said this, I was relieved, but the only thing is, that’s
not what happened. He never stopped. As a one-year-old he would look
vaguely in my direction, but as I got closer it was clear he was looking
behind me not at me. He would adjust when I talked to him. I’d say

“Hi David!”

His eyes would shift from looking over my shoulder to looking into my
eyes

“Hi Dada!” he would say with a smile

But as I lost his attention, his gaze would move behind me. He would
just stare at nothing. Every now and again he would smile at nothing,
shake his head yes and yell

“Yeah!”

Or shake his head no and yell “no! no!”

This concerned me, as a first-time parent I had no idea what was normal
toddler behavior and what wasn’t. I remember that at one point, out of
pure uncertainty, I called my dead-beat mom. All her life, my mom was
unable to turn away from the same vices that ruled her when I was a
child. Though she was now nearly sixty, she was not very different from
the alcoholic, drug addicted 25-year-old I remember from my childhood.

“What do you want?” her loud raspy smokers voice startled me

“Mom it’s me” I said back into my phone

“Oh Grant, it’s you baby, what do you want?” came the reply.

“I just wanted to ask you, is it normal for toddlers to stare off at
nothing?”

 After a moment she said “how should I know? what do you think I am?
Some sort of child psychologist? I’m sure whatever is eating at you is
fine. Kids are kids, who knows why the hell they do what they do. Look
Grant I really have to go.” With that she hung up the phone.

Putting down the phone, I muttered to myself “Thanks a lot mom”.

Over David’s toddler years the doctors didn’t seem to be concerned
either. I often heard

“Oh, that’s not really a concern”

“He’s probably just a little shy”

“Some kids take longer developing socially, not a big deal”

Shortly after David’s fourth birthday I finally convinced myself that it
was not a big deal. David was such a sweet and caring little boy. He
wasn’t antisocial, though it was difficult finding friends his age.
Overall he was very smart for his age, so then why was I concerned? I
needed to accept him for who he was and not try to change him. I decided
then not to be bothered by it anymore.

The following months were good, work was going smoothly, I was finally
starting to make some friends in the neighbor, and David would be
starting kindergarten in the fall. Life was finally feeling normal. Up
until last month, when suddenly in the middle of the night I heard quiet
whispering coming from David’s room. Rubbing the sleep from my eyes I
slowly walked the short hallway from my room to David’s. I cracked the
door open as quietly as I could. Just in case I had misheard I didn’t
want to wake him.

His dark room was gently lit by a little night lamp, which cast strange
shadows on the walls. My body tensed up slightly as I saw David. He sat
on the floor, back to me and the door, as he stared into an empty corner
of the room. He wasn’t staring straight ahead into the corner, rather
his head was looking slightly up as he stared off somewhere near the
ceiling. He was whispering. I heard him say things like

“I’m glad you’re here”

“Can I come with you?”

“Do you want to play?”

I was creeped out, I felt certain he must be sleepwalking. Although that
is creepy, nonetheless. I quietly opened the door farther, before
saying,

“David? What are you doing? It’s past bedtime, we can play tomorrow.”

He went quiet and didn’t move, a moment later he whispered

“He says its bedtime, I have to go.” Before standing up and silently
returning to his bed. He fell asleep instantly.

I didn’t sleep well that night.

The next day was a Saturday, I still felt pretty unnerved about last
night, so as we sat at the breakfast table, and I watched David eat his
bowl of fruit loops, I asked

“Hey buddy, do you remember when daddy came to your room last night?”

David didn’t even look up from his cereal, he just said “yeah”

“Who were you talking to last night?”

“My friend”

I was puzzled “your friend? Does he have a name?”

He nodded “his name is Billy”

I frowned “is Billy always in your room?”

He shook his head “no”

“Do you know where Billy is?”

He looked up, but not at me, past me “yeah he’s behind you”

At that moment I felt on the back of my neck the slightest movement of
air, almost like someone directly behind you breathing on your neck. I
don’t know why but I didn’t want to turn around, but I forced myself to
turn my head and look behind me. Of course there was nothing there, just
our empty kitchen.

That evening we had been invited to a cookout with the new family that
moved into the house across the street. They had a young boy named Clay
who was a little over a year older than David and the two had become
fast friends. Shortly after lunch David asked to go over to Clay’s to
play before the cookout, I had to catch up on some work projects, so I
told him to go ahead and to have fun. After watching to be sure that he
had crossed the street safely, I retreated to my office, put my earbuds
in and got to work. After about an hour in I felt a light tap on my
shoulder. Thinking David had come back home and needed something, I took
out my earbuds and spun around in my chair ready to greet him. But David
wasn’t there, in fact no one was, I was alone. Confused, I walked around
the house, calling for David. As I passed by the front window, I peeked
out and saw David and Clay playing joyfully on the lawn across the
street.

Swallowing hard, I turned to face my empty house. Tried my best to
convince myself that I was just tired and must have imagined it.

That night was great. The cookout was just what David and I needed. The
time with other parents made me feel like I wasn’t the only one
struggling with raising my son. I stood next to Clay’s dad; Brad as he
manned the grill. We talked about our work, sports, and our hobbies.
Brad was easy to get along with; he was charismatic and easy-going. I
anticipated we would become fast friends.

“Hey Brad, question for you” I said as he started pulling the hot dogs
off the grill

“Shoot” he replied

“Did Clay ever have an imaginary friend?”

He chuckled “Why? does David have an invisible buddy?”

“Yeah, and it’s really weirding me out, maybe it’s just because its just
the two of us, but I don’t know, kinda creepin me out.”

“Well to answer your question, yeah Clay had one of those for a while,
called it ‘Mr. buttons’. I got a buddy who’s a counselor and he said
it’s pretty normal and can actually help their imagination develop. So,
I wouldn’t worry too much about it.”

I nodded “thanks man, that helps. I’m sure my wife would have known what
to do, and I don’t know, sometimes I don’t feel like I know what I’m
doing.”

He put his hand on my shoulder “we all feel that way from time to time,
but you can always come to us for help. Afterall, it takes a village.”
He handed me a plate with a hot dog on it.

“Thanks man, for everything.”

9 PM rolled around and everyone started heading home, David held my hand
as we crossed the street back to our house. In the middle of the street,
he looked up at me and said,

“Daddy, could my friend do a sleepover tonight?”

“Well, I guess we could go ask Clay’s parents, but it’s kinda late.”

He giggled “No not Clay, Billy.”

“Billy?”

“Yeah, Billy wants to spend the night, can he? Please?”

I hesitated but then remembered Brad’s words.

“Yeah, I think that would be fine” then jokingly added “but maybe we
should ask Billy’s parents first”

David laughed “Billy doesn’t have parents, he’s very old.”

Somehow that didn’t make me feel any better.

The rest of the summer was mundane, as much as I didn’t like it, I got
used to my son talking more and more about his imaginary friend. A month
before David started kindergarten, I found him sitting alone in a corner
of his room. He was quietly crying, his knees were brought up close to
his chest and his forehead rested upon them.

“David? What’s wrong?”

He looked up when I spoke, snuffled and wiped his nose with his hand.

“nothing” he weakly said

I walked in and sat on the floor next to him, gently wrapping my arm
around him.

“what’s going on, big guy?” I asked softly.

He didn’t say anything for a while, just sat there sobbing quietly.
After a few moments, I heard a low whisper.

“Daddy?”

“Yes David?” I whispered back

“Where’s Mommy?”

A lump formed in my throat; this is the type of conversation the
parenting books don’t prepare you for.

“Well son, Mommy got really sick, and well…”

Tears formed in my eyes; I had no idea how to have this talk.

“…well she died son.”

David’s wet eyes looked at me, not sure what I meant.

“Billy says she didn’t want me, so she left.”

I could feel a wave of anger coming over me, Jessica had given her life
to have David, of course she wanted him. But I remembered this was David
trying to understand why everyone else had a mom and why he didn’t. he
was struggling with death and using ‘Billy’ as a guise to voice
feelings, I’m sure he felt.

“No, not at all son, she loved you very much. She just got really sick,
and had to leave, it’s not because of you at all, she wanted you so
much.”

He looked at me “is she ever coming back?”

Holding back tears I slowly shook my head and whispered “no, I’m afraid
not”

“Billy says he saw her leave”

I pulled my son in close for a tight hug as tears ran down my face.

“it’s not true David, Billy wasn’t there. Mommy loved you very much, and
so do I.”

He hugged me back.

“I love you too Daddy.”

The last few weeks of summer a change took place in my son. David had
always been a shy kid, but he had become downright quiet. He spent less
and less time with Clay and the other kids of the neighborhood, and more
time wandering the halls and rooms of our home, despite my best efforts
to get him to go play with his friends. As I drove him to the
kindergarten for the first time it dawned on me that David had become a
completely different child. He rarely looked me or anyone else in the
eye, he simply stared at the ground. My heart broke as I looked at my
son in the rear-view mirror, he reminded me of another little boy, a
little fatherless boy whose absent mother didn’t care, a little boy who
shut himself off from the world. Seeing my son like this reminded me of
myself.

“Hey, buddy you’re going to have so much fun and meet so many new people
today, and when you get home how about you and I go to the park?”

He just stared out the window, “okay” he replied.

After dropping him off and returning to my car, I sat there in the
parking lot. I hoped beyond hope that David would forget about ‘Billy’
as he met new friends at school. And for the first couple weeks it
seemed like that was the case. His mood lightened, he smiled more, I
felt like I had gotten my little boy back. That is until I got a phone
call.

“Hello, this is Grant” I said into my phone

“Hello Grant, this is Ms. Perkinson from your son’s school. David is
currently sitting in my office at the request of his teacher
Mrs. Williams. It seems he has been upsetting his fellow students. If
you are available, could you please come and pick him up?”

“I’ll be right there” I said barely masking my confusion.

What was going on? David had never acted up in this way before. What was
happening to my son? As I got into my car I couldn’t help but think of
my wife,

“I miss you, Jess.” I whispered aloud.

“David could really use his mom right now”

As I entered the principal’s office, I saw my son sitting silently in a
chair staring at the ground. Across the desk sat Ms. Perkinson who was
tenderly trying to encourage him to speak. He looked up at me when I
walked in, before his eyes moved to the empty corner across the room,
where they remained fixated. Ms. Perkinson stood and walked to me. In a
whisper she said,

“Thank you for coming Grant. David has been drawing some rather
disturbing pictures.”

She handed me a folded piece of paper.

 “He won’t listen to his teacher. Normally he’s such a good boy, this is
very unusual. We’re hoping some extra time with his dad will help.”

“Thank you Ms. Perkinson, I’ll take it from here”

Turning to David I said,

“Hey buddy, we’re going to spend the day together, how’s that sound?”

He stood up but his eyes didn’t leave the corner until I reached for his
hand. As we walked out of the school, I unfolded the paper Ms. Perkinson
handed me. On the paper was a crude drawing of three stick figures, it
looked like it was drawn in anger, the crayon strokes looked like they
were pushed hard and aggressively. Two of the figures stood together
holding hands. One was a little boy with a wide smile on his face, the
other was an extremely tall figure, completely black, its arms and legs
were far longer than its torso. Further down on the paper the third
figure, lying horizontally on the page, its face was clearly sad, and
red blots covered its body.

I looked down at my son.

“David, did you draw this?”

He stared at the ground, and shook his head no.

“Billy did”

I swallowed and asked, “is that you and Billy holding hands?”

He nodded.

“And the other one? Is that me?”

He sniffled before nodding.

As we reached the car, I got down on one knee to look him in the eye.

“David, could you look at me?”

Slowly his head looked up, I could see his eyes quiver as he struggled
to hold back tears. My heart broke with compassion, as I pulled him in
for a hug.

“David, I love you so much, I don’t tell you that enough and I’m sorry.
you mean everything to me. I know Billy has been your friend, but right
now it seems like he’s not being a good friend. You should know though
I’ll always be your friend. I love you son.”

He violently rubbed his eyes.

“I love you Daddy”

As we pulled into the driveway I turned to David and said,

“How about you go change into your pajamas, and we’ll watch some movies
together, later we can get some pizza, how’s that sound?”

At that my son perked up, with a smile he responded “Ok!”

He trotted upstairs as I browsed the TV for a good movie. A moment later
a loud scream broke through the house. Adrenaline shot through my veins
as I sprinted upstairs. Bursting though the bedroom door, I shouted
“David! Are you ok?”

I saw him lying in the corner, his body shook with uncontrollable cries.
I rushed to him, gently turned him over to see his face. The left side
of his face was deeply bruised and a thin stream of blood flowed from
his lip.

“David, what happened?”

Through tears he said “Billy’s mad”

“What??” I declared in disbelief.

“I told him I don’t love him anymore, and now he’s mad.”

My body shook with anger, as I sprung to my feet, I turned and screamed
to the empty room,

“who’s there? Get the hell out of my house! Leave us alone!”

In my rage I kicked the ball that sat in the middle of David’s floor, it
sailed through the air and landed in the open closet. My rant continued.
Soon my anger lessened and I stopped shouting to catch my breath. In the
monetary silence, I heard a noise, I spun around in time to watch the
ball I had kicked, slowly roll out of the closet. Every hair on my body
stood up, without taking my eyes from the closet, I reached around for
the baseball bat that lay under David’s bed. My fingers found it and
taking it, I viciously swung it into the small closet. There was nothing
there, the bat bounced off the wall in the back. I pushed aside the
hanging clothes and found nothing. I turned back to see David, and as I
did, I felt impossibly strong fingers wrapped around my neck. I gasped
for air but didn’t find any. Panic began to fill my mind, as a cruel,
cracked whisper from behind.

“He belongs to me”

The room erupted with deep, gurgled laughter as I struggled for air.
Then suddenly the fingers released though the laughter remained. Air
flooded into my lungs as I fell to my knees, I glanced behind me and saw
nothing. Then I looked at my son, who cowered into the corner, his hands
tightly covered his ears as he tried to drown out the laughter. In a
moment I reached him, carried him in my arms, and dashed to the
stairway. The laughter continued throughout the house, it wasn’t until
we got outside that it stopped.

I’m writing this from a hotel room. David and I are leaving, I don’t
know where we’re going, just not here. David looked at me, his face
completely pale.

“Daddy”

“What?”

“He’s here” he whimpered.

A knot formed in my throat.

“He says he’s going to kill you” he barely got the words out.

I clinch my teeth, and stare deep into my son’s eyes.

“Where is he?”

He stares back at me before slightly glancing over my shoulder.

“Behind you.”
