Hi everyone, how are you? Well, this is my first time on this forum and
on Reddit in general, so excuse me if I’m doing something wrong posting
this here. My husband and my son watch a lot of videos on YouTube of
people telling their stories on this website and I thought that maybe I
could do it too. I’m a 50-year-old Argentine woman and I have a lot of
strange (and true) stories to tell.

First, let me give you some context for what I’m about to tell you. My
sister was what you would call a “medium”, someone who could see the
spirits of the dead. She had a wide variety of other abilities, too many
to elaborate at this moment. Luciana, my sister, passed away six months
ago, at just 46 years old, consumed by a cancer none of us in the family
knew about. I’ve been dreaming about her recently, so I talked with some
relatives, and then recalled a whole bunch of weird experiences we had
whenever we’ve been around her. Maybe these are stories that belong in a
diary or in a therapy session, but I think the exposition on the
internet could help me understand her better.

We were very young - I think she was four and I was eight years old -
when we moved from Buenos Aires to Wanda, Misiones. If you don’t know,
Misiones is a province at the north of Argentina that’s bordering Brazil
and Paraguay, so it has a lot of jungles, rivers and waterfalls. And
Wanda is a small town, famous for its caves full of precious stones.
Anyways, my family moved there because my father got a job at the local
dam. We lived in a beautiful house that the company my dad worked for
had landed for us in a neighborhood where all the houses were the same.
The best (or worst) part is that it looked directly into the jungle, it
was right at the door, and my siblings and I used to play there with our
neighbors every day.

It was there, in Misiones, where Lu started to say weird things.

It started with small things that surely had a logical explanation, but
they scared the shit out of us. For example, to get to school, we had to
leave the neighborhood and walk past a large playground with big swings.
For an entire week, my sister would hide behind Mario, our older
brother, to walk past it. When I asked her what was wrong, she said that
there was an old man standing beside the swings and he was looking at us
strangely. At the end of that week, they found an elderly man dead in
the house overlooking the playground. He lived alone and suffered from a
heart attack. My sister never saw him again after they found him. That
was the first time that I can remember where she expressed sensing
things that didn’t belong in this world. That freaked me out a lot and
still does.

But some of the experiences that really terrified me (I still have
nightmares about it) were what happened a year after we moved in. Two
hours after we went to sleep my sister woke me up to ask me if I could
hear a strange noise coming from the ceiling. I couldn’t. And I thought
she was playing a prank on me or something. I wanted to get back to
sleep but she insisted that something was off, that something was
happening up on the roof. She said that it was like someone was throwing
a little ball, like a marble, that it bounced and that someone picked it
up and let it fall repeatedly. I tried hard to listen. But there were
only crickets and frogs. I told her that it was some bats or something
like that, in that town you could attribute any sound to wild animals.
She went to bed but couldn’t sleep well. The next morning my dad checked
the ceiling and the roof to see if there were any marbles or roof tile
pieces that were falling off, but there was nothing out of the ordinary.
That night the same happened. I woke up to my sister saying that a
marble was bouncing on the roof, and she seemed frightened. But once
again, I couldn’t hear anything. The next morning my dad checked again.
Nothing. I heard my parents say that they should take her to the doctor
if she kept hearing things. That night I woke up late because Lu was
pacing back and forth across the bedroom, crying in terror. I got up to
hug her. I spoke quietly so I wouldn’t wake Mario.

She told me that she couldn’t stand it anymore, that the sound of the
marble falling and bouncing was getting louder each time, like if the
marble were growing. She thought it would bring the whole ceiling down
and kill us. Chiche, the old man next door had dogs and they were
barking loud. That and her cries were the only things that I heard. At
that moment I remembered what my parents said and I thought she could be
losing her mind, hallucinating. Then suddenly, BANG… The loudest noise
I’ve heard in my life until that moment. It startled me so much that I
jumped. Mario grabbed a pillow and threw it at us because he thought we
were playing and knocked something down. But it had to be the dresser or
something bigger to be capable of making that noise. BANG… another one.
Even louder. He jumped out of bed and hugged us in terror, my sister was
crying and I felt I was about to piss myself. BANG… we ran to our
parents’ bedroom, who were already getting up. They looked pale and
frightened. We clung to them, thinking we would die at any moment,
crushed by an enormous marble. My mom was checking on us, looking for
wounds and my father was asking for silence. BANG… the loudest. He
turned and grabbed the emergency revolver he always kept on the bedside
table.

Then, there was no marble. There were footsteps, walking in circles
across the whole house, up on the roof. That’s when I started to cry.
Then they ran. Then it wasn’t just one person, there were three, five,
ten, fifteen. It was horrible. My father got out of the house running
and screaming. He stood on the ground and fired a shot into the air. But
it was worthless, the noise stopped once he opened the front door. We
pressed our noses to the window to see what happened. Nothing, there was
only my father looking like a lunatic with a revolver in his hand. But
then I saw something strange, unexplainable, a little green light behind
him. In the jungle, in between the plants and trees. Chiche and La Flaca
(another neighbor) came out of their homes and went immediately to stop
him. They didn’t know what happened, they didn’t hear anything. My
sister wanted to tell them everything, but my parents forbidden us from
saying a word.

After that, we all slept together in the same room, afraid. My father
sat looking through the window with the revolver in his lap through the
whole night, every night. The green light was still there, and now I
wonder if he thought that thing was responsible.

One night, long after everything happened, we were having dinner and
watching tv when we saw a crack forming in the floor tiles. Then the
entire house shook and the whole floor was covered in cracks. Again, it
was like nothing ever happened in the other houses. My father said it
was the heat that had built up over the day being released at night. But
Lu told me one week later that it wasn’t the heat, that it was caused by
the angry spirits of the massacred Guaraní Indians of the past. I told
her to go fuck herself for inventing bullshit to try to scare me. I
never dared to ask her if she really saw something that night and I
still don’t know if it was a joke or not.

Anyways, I think this post is already too long, and I don’t want to bore
you. Tell me in the comments section if you want to read more stories
about my sister. I have a lot.
