My sister went missing 6 months ago.

​

The whole town was devastated. She was very popular among the people who
lived here, unlike me, the only reason people spoke to me was to attempt
to comfort me about my sisters disappearance. Jaida had always been the
golden child. She was 3 years younger than me. She was a
storybook-beautiful girl with emerald green eyes and long locks of jet
black hair. She got straight A’s and always fulfilled my parents
expectations. I was a scrawny child with greasy brown hair and terrible
acne. My parents always told me things like: “You should be more like
your sister” and “We’re glad Jaida didn’t turn out like you”. Jaida gave
the valedictory speech at her high school, graduated from NYU with a
Doctoral degree and became a surgeon. Unlike me, she was very
successful. My job doesn’t pay me nearly enough, and I still live with
my parents. I am 33 years old now.

​

Jaida would come visit us every weekend. She would tell us about how
wonderful her life was and how much she loved her job. I honestly could
not stand it. She knew what she was doing, she was practically rubbing
it in my face. She would look at my annoyed expression, and you could
almost see a smirk forming on her face. It made my blood boil.

​

One particular Friday night, about 6 months ago, Jaida came over, she
looked pale and had dark eye bags. “Jai, darling, is everything
alright?” My mother asked worriedly. Jaida was zoned out, and a few
seconds later she snapped back to reality and said, “Oh! I’m alright. I
had an all night shift last night, so I’m a bit tired.” I knew that was
bullshit. She always looked around when she was lying, and her eyes were
darting across the room. There was always something different about
Jaida, like she knew when something bad was going to happen. This was
one of those times. “Why don’t you go lie down.” Said my mother. Jaida
obeyed, and stumbled off into the guest bedroom.

​

The next day, she was gone. There was no sign of where she might have
went, she left no notes saying she was leaving, she just disappeared.
Everyone assumed she just went on a walk or something, until 3 hours
later she still hadn’t come back. That evening, we filed a missing
persons report. A search party was organized, but she wasn’t found until
6 months later.

​

6 months later.

​

There were 3 soft knocks on the front door, almost too quiet to be
heard. I thought I was just hearing things, so I ignored it. No one ever
knocked on our door, they normally just used the doorbell. But there it
was again. 3 knocks, louder this time. I got up to open it, and when I
did, my body froze.

​

It was Jaida.

​

She beamed at me, and hugged me tightly. My parents rushed in, and happy
tears streamed down their faces. “Oh honey! We thought we would never
see you again!” Cried my father. The neighbors came outside to see what
the commotion was about, and soon enough, the whole neighborhood was at
our house, welcoming Jaida home. Everyone was exhilarated to have her
back, except for me.

​

Because I knew damn well this wasn’t my sister.

​

Of course I would never tell anyone this, they would assume I’m crazy.
But I am 100% positive that this woman is not Jaida. You want to know
why?

​

Because I singlehandedly buried her in the backyard.
