Hello Reddit. I apologize in advance if my English is not up to
standard, it is my second language. I recently moved to Boston for my
studies. I am from a poor family in Shandong province, and I’m the first
in my family to attend university. I am only able to live here because I
maintain two jobs, and my scholarship requires that my GPA be above a
certain threshold, so I have to study very hard as well. The reason I
mention this is because it explains to you why I am forced to take the
last possible subway back to my apartment in East Boston.

If you are from Boston, you know that there is only one train that can
take you across the harbor: the Blue Line. It goes underwater after
stopping at Aquarium and comes out the other side at a station called
Maverick.

I don’t know how long this has been going on, because I only started
working the night shift a month ago, when my semester started and I was
forced to take later shifts. Usually, I am alone on the subway,
sometimes there are a few others. Most of the time, when a train stops
before a station, a voice will sound through the speaker and say “Now
arriving at… Government Center.” Or “Next stop… North Station.”

But this train does a strange thing, when we enter the East Boston
tunnel, where it lets us know we are approaching a station, but it
doesn’t say the station’s name. “Now approaching…” and then nothing.
Then, it stops in the middle of the tunnel, and the doors open. After a
few seconds, they close, and the train continues.

I assumed this was simply an error in the subway’s systems. Nobody else
seemed to care on the train, so I assumed that nothing was wrong. I even
asked one of the drivers once if there was a reason for it. He told me
that it was for maintenance, which I accepted. He did seem to be angry,
or uncomfortable maybe, when I questioned him about it, but people from
Boston are usually like that.

A few times, I have sat close to the doors when they open. I don’t see
anything except for the blackness of the tunnel, but there is a strange
smell. It’s different from the normal smell of a subway station. In
Boston, at least, stations smell a little bit like hot air, gasoline,
and piss. There is not even a hint of any of these smells when the doors
open in the middle of the tunnel. If I had to describe it, it would be
something like bleach, or other chemicals. Maybe even a hint of
permanent markers.

The other thing that is very, very strange is that it is completely
silent. Most tunnels or stops in the Boston subway system, from what I
have seen, are quite noisy. You can hear echoes of other trains or
maintenance carts on the tracks. Maybe even car traffic or voices from
stops. I’ve noticed that the Aquarium stop is very quiet. Unless a train
is moving, the acoustic quality of the stop is contained. Similar to the
station, the tunnel itself seems completely silent when the train stops.
It is very unusual, but again, I assumed it was just a quirk and nothing
more.

Several days ago, I became curious enough about these happenings in the
tunnel to ask one of the other passengers who was with me. She was
African-American, wearing headphones, so I was a bit embarrassed to tap
her on the shoulder and interrupt her music. But she was very nice.

“Hey, I’m so sorry to bother you. Can I ask you a question?”

She nodded and said yes, of course. “I’m not crazy, the train stops
between Aquarium and Maverick station right?”

She nodded again. She seemed unsure about what the point of my question
was. “It just does that, yeah.”

“Oh, do you know why?” I asked her.

She shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t know. The T is lowkey weird sometimes.”

“Oh, okay,” I said, not sure what to say.

“They probably do it in case of emergencies or something.”

I nodded and smiled and told her to have a good night.

But as you know, from reading the title, I would not have posted this if
something even stranger didn’t happen to me tonight. It honestly scared
me a little bit, but I’m okay, so don’t worry about me.

This time, when the doors opened in the middle of the tunnel, a woman
entered the train.

It was incredibly eerie to see, because I happened to be sitting right
across from the door she entered from. I saw her come out of the
blackness of the tunnel, as if having appeared from nothing. I made very
brief eye contact with her.

She wore bright red lipstick and her cheeks seemed to be powdered. I
would even say that, in my opinion, she wore too much makeup. It seemed
caked onto her face. She was wearing a matching white shirt and pants,
and her hair was tied back tightly so that it looked as if it was
pulling on her scalp. Her arms were shuddering, even though it was not
cold in the tunnel. Her expression was very odd: blank around the face
and mouth, but with squinting, watery eyes that blinked over and over,
as if she was trying not to cry. I felt my stomach turn when I looked at
her, not because I was scared of her or disgusted by her, but because
she seemed to me to be helpless.

Stranger still, she was not alone. At first, I didn’t notice, because
she had them swaddled tight to her chest, but she was holding two babies
in her arms and gently rocking them. One of them started to cry, first
quietly, hiccupping and wet in its throat, but then loudly it began to
wail. She tried shushing it gently and holding it closer, while keeping
the other baby in balance, but it was no use. The baby was screeching. I
tried not to stare because I didn’t want to be impolite, but it was just
her and I in the car, and it was hard not to look. She took out one of
her breasts and allowed the baby to breastfeed from her, never noticing
that I was looking. Looking back, outside of the half second of eye
contact, she did not once acknowledge that I was even there.

I wanted more than anything to ask her if everything was okay, but I
felt like approaching her would be the worst mistake I could make in
that moment. I thought it best to leave her alone.

The ride to Maverick station was the longest train ride I have ever had
in my life. It was only two minutes, but it felt like hours. I kept
glancing at the woman to see if she would make eye contact again. She
didn’t. Her gaze was lost in space. There were bags under her eyes.

When I stood up at Maverick station, I considered sitting back down and
staying with her, to see where she would end up that night. But my
exhaustion got the best of me, and I exited the train. I couldn’t help
but watch her through a window as the doors closed and the subway sped
off to its next destination. I sincerely hope that she’s okay.

I got home a couple of hours ago and I still cannot sleep (which is
funny when you look at the name of this forum). I cannot stop thinking
about this secret subway station and the woman that came from it. I
don’t know what to think and I don’t know who to ask. I’m a very shy
person in real life. It’s far easier for me to ask for help online, so
any advice or information would be deeply appreciated. Please help me
understand what’s happening on the Blue Line.
