‚Äã

‚Äã

‚ÄúIt sure was nice of your uncle to let us stay in his cabin,‚Äù Danny
chirped from the back seat. ‚ÄúYeah it‚Äôll be a nice change of scenery from
Nowhereville, Arkansas,‚Äù I replied. Gravel crunched beneath the tires of
my Toyota Tacoma as we screeched to a halt.

‚Äã

‚ÄúJeffrey, you really need to get those brake pads changed out,‚Äù Rachel
scoffed as she unbuckled her seatbelt. ‚ÄúRachel‚Äôs right for once bro.
That shit sounds like a dying cat,‚Äù Danny chortled. ‚ÄúShut up Danny. You
know I‚Äôm always right,‚Äù Rachel smirked, pretentiously flipping her
platinum blonde hair behind her.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhat was that? You said you‚Äôre always wrong? Come on now, don‚Äôt be so
hard on yourself,‚Äù Danny quipped, earning him a disapproving scowl.
‚ÄúAlright you two. Let‚Äôs get all our stuff unpacked then we can decide
which one of you has the lowest IQ score,‚Äù I grinned, stepping out into
the frigid evening air.

‚Äã

‚ÄúJeff, can you get the cooler? My hands are full,‚Äù Danny implored.
‚ÄúYeah, just give me a second. I‚Äôm carrying shit too,‚Äù I retorted.
‚ÄúBaaaabe, this stuff is heavy,‚Äù Rachel whined. ‚ÄúJust set it down. I‚Äôll
come back out to get it,‚Äù I exasperatedly sighed. ‚ÄúThanks, you‚Äôre the
best,‚Äù she fawned, planting a kiss on my cheek before skipping merrily
into the cabin.

‚Äã

‚ÄúGee, thanks,‚Äù I muttered, trudging through the thin layer of snow that
blanketed the ground. I was on my way back out to retrieve the absurdly
light boxes that my girlfriend had been too lazy to carry in, when I
caught movement out of my periphery. I whipped my head in its direction.

‚Äã

In the dim fleeting light I thought I could make out some kind of forest
creature peeking back at me from deeper in the woods. It was obscured by
a large pine tree and at that distance I could only discern a pair of
glowing eyes staring directly at me.

‚Äã

The hairs on the back of my neck stood up and a sense of trepidation
began to bubble in my gut. I reasoned that it must‚Äôve been a deer and
promptly brought the rest of our belongings inside.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhen are Trent and Savannah supposed to get here?‚Äù Danny inquired as I
plopped down on the sofa next to Rachel. ‚ÄúSav just said they‚Äôre like an
hour away,‚Äù Rachel answered despondently, without even glancing up from
her phone. ‚ÄúWell what do y‚Äôall want to do until they get here?‚Äù I
wondered aloud. ‚ÄúDoesn‚Äôt matter to me,‚Äù Rachel mumbled.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHow about we start a fire? It‚Äôs kinda chilly in here,‚Äù Danny suggested.
‚ÄúThat sounds like a great idea. I think we packed stuff for s‚Äômores.
Would you mind helping me with the firewood? My uncle keeps some of the
side of the cabin,‚Äù I replied, eager to feel the warmth of the flames
licking against my skin.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYeah sure thing man. No, it‚Äôs okay Rachel, we‚Äôve got it. No need to
offer your assistance,‚Äù he teased. He was rewarded with a glare and the
middle finger. ‚ÄúSeriously though, what‚Äôs her problem?‚Äù Danny asked as I
handed him a log from the stack. ‚ÄúDon‚Äôt worry about her. She‚Äôs just
upset that the cabin has no WiFi and her Tiktoks won‚Äôt load,‚Äù I admitted
as I heaved a couple pieces of lumber.

‚Äã

‚ÄúShe‚Äôll be fine once Trent and Savannah get-‚Äù I froze. A chill ran up my
spine as that prior sense of unease returned tenfold. ‚ÄúDanny, do you see
that?‚Äù I whispered. ‚ÄúSee what?‚Äù he murmured, tracing my gaze. The eyes
were back. Only this time they were about ten feet in the air. Twin orbs
illuminated in the dusk, clearly visible through the foliage. And this
time they were closer.

‚Äã

‚ÄúProbably just an owl dude,‚Äù Danny reasoned. ‚ÄúY-yeah probably,‚Äù I
stuttered. I ushered Danny inside, desperate to escape the creature‚Äôs
line of sight. I slammed the door, tossing the firewood aside and
swiftly turning the lock.

‚Äã

‚ÄúBabe is everything okay? You look like you‚Äôve seen a ghost,‚Äù Rachel
questioned, concern washing over her features. ‚ÄúHe‚Äôs fine. He just saw
an owl and got spooked,‚Äù Danny nonchalantly explained. ‚ÄúYeah he‚Äôs right.
I‚Äôm good,‚Äù I replied, sensing the color flush back into my face. Danny
was right. It must have been a bird. Nothing else could‚Äôve been that
high above the forest floor. At least that‚Äôs what I told myself.

‚Äã

Danny helped me ignite the fire and before long, we were all laughing
and telling college stories amid the dancing flames. ‚ÄúThen out of
nowhere he puked all over this girl‚Äôs dress!‚Äù Danny told Rachel in
between giggles. ‚ÄúSo she slapped him so hard that he fell flat on his
ass!‚Äù

‚Äã

They erupted into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry J, but
that‚Äôs fucking funny,‚Äù Rachel wheezed, struggling to regain her
composure. ‚ÄúYeah, yeah we‚Äôve all done things we‚Äôre not proud of,‚Äù I
bashfully remarked. ‚ÄúDanny what about the time you downed a fifth of
Jack and woke up in nothing but your underwear in some random dude‚Äôs
front yard?‚Äù I retorted.

‚Äã

His cheeks turned red. ‚ÄúOkay, you got me there. Still don‚Äôt know where
my clothes went.‚Äù he chuckled. Our attention flew to the door as a loud
knocking reverberated through the room. ‚ÄúThey‚Äôre here!‚Äù Rachel giddily
squeaked. ‚ÄúD-train, can you get that?‚Äù I blubbered through a mouthful of
chocolate and graham crackers.

‚Äã

The door swung open the second Danny flipped the lock. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôre here
bitches. Who‚Äôs ready to get fucked up!‚Äù Savannah yelled, sporting a
bottle of liquor in each hand. Trent tailed closely behind, loaded down
with more gear than a pack mule. Rachel raced over to Savannah and threw
her arms around her, squealing and hopping up and down excitedly.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey Trent, I can grab some of that if you need help,‚Äù I offered.
‚ÄúThat‚Äôd be great, dude, I‚Äôd really appreciate it,‚Äù he acknowledged as I
hoisted one of the multiple backpacks dangling from his saddled body.
‚ÄúY‚Äôall can stay in the guest bedroom,‚Äù I stated, setting his stuff down
on the neatly made queen sized bed.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThanks man. This place is pretty nice,‚Äù he mentioned, surveying the
room. ‚ÄúYeah, I‚Äôm kinda surprised my uncle let us stay here. He doesn‚Äôt
allow many visitors,‚Äù I admitted. ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs gonna be plenty of time to
unpack. We‚Äôve got s‚Äômores out here if you‚Äôre hu-‚Äù

‚Äã

Trent abruptly grabbed my arm before I could rejoin our friends.I turned
back to him, shocked at his sudden advancement. A stern expression
overtook his countenance. ‚ÄúBefore we go back out there, you didn‚Äôt see
anything‚Ä¶ watching you when you got here, did you? I didn‚Äôt say anything
to Savannah because I didn‚Äôt want to freak her out, but I saw these
creepy ass eyes just staring at us from the forest,‚Äù he whispered
coldly.

‚Äã

I swallowed hard, fear snaking its way back into my palpitating heart.
‚ÄúI think I saw a deer or something when I got here,‚Äù I murmured. ‚ÄúKeep
your guard up, but I‚Äôm sure it‚Äôs nothing,‚Äù I instructed. Trent‚Äôs grip
slipped away from my arm and he nodded, grim expression unwavering.
Though I feigned tranquility, my mind was throwing out every sickening
scenario it could conjure. That all but confirmed it for me. Something
was out there. And it was stalking us.

‚Äã

As unnerving as the situation was, Trent and I managed to subdue our
concerns. We drank the night away, recounting tales from our pasts and
enjoying each other‚Äôs company. Every last one of us awoke with a nasty
hangover the next day. After taking some much needed time to recover, we
ventured into town to sight see and peruse the ample stores and
restaurants the town boasted. The sun was low in the sky upon our return
and the eyes from the previous night were the last things on my mind as
we all prepared for another evening of laughs and heavy drinking.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHere‚Äôs to yours, here‚Äôs to mine! Here‚Äôs to gettin‚Äô drunk and high!‚Äù
Danny roared, throwing back a shot of whiskey as we all followed suite.
I grimaced as the liquor burned its way through my insides. ‚ÄúWoo! Who‚Äôs
ready for another?‚Äù Savannah shouted. ‚ÄúOoh me!‚Äù Rachel exclaimed. ‚ÄúYou
boys want one?‚Äù Savannah proposed, eyeing Trent. ‚ÄúNah I‚Äôm good for now,‚Äù
I responded. ‚ÄúThat‚Äôs all you babe,‚Äù Trent agreed.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôm gonna take a smoke break. Anyone wanna join?‚Äù Danny asked,
extending a pack of Marlboro reds and a lighter. ‚ÄúEw no, that‚Äôs gross,‚Äù
Rachel sneered. ‚ÄúFine suit yourselves,‚Äù Danny frustratedly mumbled. The
girls downed their shots and I watched their faces scrunch up at the
foul taste. A smile began edging its way across my face. Trent was
grinning from ear to ear, stifling a laugh. ‚ÄúAgain!‚Äù Savannah screamed
with child-like enthusiasm. She began to lift the bottle to her lips,
but Trent shot out a hand to stop her.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt think so. You‚Äôre cut off for now, hun,‚Äù Trent commanded, as
Savannah pouted and crossed her arms in defiance. ‚ÄúHa! Sucks for you!‚Äù
Rachel slurred, snatching the bottle. ‚ÄúNope, you‚Äôre done too,
sweetheart,‚Äù I affirmed, plucking the whiskey from her hands and placing
it firmly out of her reach. ‚ÄúCome on. Just one more. Pleeeeease,‚Äù our
girlfriends whined in protest.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAAAAAHHH!‚Äù

‚Äã

A horrifying shriek sent panic rippling collectively through us. Trent
looked me dead in the eyes, terror visible in his pupils. ‚ÄúDanny,‚Äù he
whimpered. We bolted for the door in unison. ‚ÄúY‚Äôall stay here. We‚Äôll
take care of this,‚Äù I ordered. The words came out brittle and weak. We
hurriedly rounded the corner of the cabin. Trent cupped his hands over
his mouth and yelled at the top of his lungs,‚ÄùDANNY!‚Äù He was met with
silence.

‚Äã

And then‚Ä¶ laughing? Danny emerged from behind a nearby evergreen,
doubled over in stitches. ‚ÄúYou should see the looks on your faces!‚Äù he
sputtered. ‚ÄúI should‚Äôve recorded it!‚Äù I watched as Trent‚Äôs petrified
demeanor suddenly melted into one of rage. He began marching furiously
over to Danny. ‚ÄúYou stupid little shit! We thought you were actually
fucking hu-‚Äù he paused and the words caught in his throat.

‚Äã

I quickly understood why.

‚Äã

Directly behind Danny stood an impossibly tall lanky figure. The crown
of its head towered at least ten feet in the air. Gray ashen skin
stretched tightly over its emaciated frame. Claws sharp as butcher
knives protruded from each digit, primed to flay its next meal. And
those eyes. Gleaming reptilian spheres burned into the night. And behind
those heart-stopping predatory orbs? Hunger. Danny‚Äôs boisterous laughter
ceased when he noticed our bewildered expressions.

‚Äã

‚ÄúG-guys?‚Äù

‚Äã

In an instant the thing pounced on Danny, razor-like fingers raking into
his back with sickening speed and precision. Danny wailed in agony,
begging and pleading for his life, but the creature showed no mercy. It
smiled, showcasing rows of jagged pointed teeth, as it burrowed
relentlessly into Danny‚Äôs neck, sending blood and viscera hurtling in
all directions.

‚Äã

A tiny gasp released Trent and me from our joint daze. We turned to see
the girls peeking, wide-eyed, from behind the entryway. We darted toward
the cabin and pushed our girlfriends inside, swiftly slamming and
locking the door. Savannah began hyperventilating and rocking back and
forth. Rachel sobbed hysterically, as her entire body trembled
uncontrollably. Trent just stared in dumbstruck shock.

‚Äã

Shattering glass snapped us out of it as glistening shards flew across
the room. Rachel and Savannah screamed in terror. The beast inserted its
hideous head into the newly formed hole, crimson teeth gnashing
aimlessly at the air. Adrenaline surged through me and I leapt into
action.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThe windows are too small for it to fit through. If anyone has cell
reception, call the cops. And stay out of its reach,‚Äù I demanded. ‚ÄúWhat
are you gonna do?‚Äù Rachel mewled. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm gonna blow that fucking thing‚Äôs
head off.‚Äù

‚Äã

I retrieved my uncle‚Äôs shotgun from under the bed and rushed back to the
group. ‚ÄúI can‚Äôt get a signal,‚Äù Savannah uttered dejectedly. ‚ÄúI can‚Äôt
either,‚Äù Rachel squeaked. ‚ÄúLooks like we‚Äôre gonna have to figure
something else out,‚Äù Trent sighed.

‚Äã

Just as I whipped out my phone to vainly check my own reception, a
speaker I hadn‚Äôt even noticed crackled to life overhead. We glanced at
it, then each other, puzzled at the unexpected disturbance. Demented
cackling bellowed from the ceiling. Then it spoke.

‚Äã

A gruff voice that I vaguely recognized slashed through the silence like
a rusty knife. ‚ÄúSorry to do this to ya, nephew. Y‚Äôall really do seem
like good kids,‚Äù my uncle rasped, sounding almost elated. ‚ÄúUncle Wyatt,
you sick fuck, I‚Äôm gonna fucking kill you!‚Äù I seethed. ‚ÄúNow, don‚Äôt
bother tryin‚Äô to talk back. I can see ya, but I can‚Äôt hear ya. Anyway,
people in towm were startin‚Äô to raise suspicion at all folks going
missin‚Äô. You and your friends will keep Bessie satisfied for a long
time,‚Äù he wheezed. And with that, we were left unsettlingly alone once
again.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThat stupid piece of fucking shit. I swear when we get out of here, I‚Äôm
going to blow his fucking brains out,‚Äù I raged, fury enveloping me.
‚ÄúThis is so fucked up. We‚Äôre all gonna die,‚Äù Rachel cried, tears
streaming down her cheeks. ‚ÄúNo, we‚Äôre not. I have a plan, but you‚Äôre not
going to like it,‚Äù Trent stoically confessed.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAlright, a plan. That‚Äôs good. Let‚Äôs hear it,‚Äù I requested. ‚ÄúThis place
only has one exit right?‚Äù he probed. ‚ÄúBabe, do you see another way out?‚Äù
Savannah interjected. ‚ÄúNo, but I just wanted to be sure,‚Äù Trent
sheepishly mumbled. ‚ÄúShe‚Äôs right. There‚Äôs only one door, but I could
prop open the window in the bedroom,‚Äù I chimed in. ‚ÄúPerfect. I‚Äôll
distract the thing. Sav, while I‚Äôm doing that, I need you to sprint to
the car and drive into town to get help.‚Äù He turned his gaze to me. ‚ÄúYou
and Rach hole up in the bathroom until help arrives. Everyone
understand?‚Äù he prompted, surveying our faces. ‚ÄúBut won‚Äôt you die?‚Äù I
whispered meekly.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThere‚Äôs a good chance that I will. But this should help my case a
little.‚Äù He grinned as he produced a sleek nine-millimeter from his
waistband. ‚ÄúBut why you? Why me? Baby I‚Äôm not ready to lose you,‚Äù
Savannah sobbed, sloppy tears staining her shirt. ‚ÄúYou know why, Sav. I
played football in high school. I‚Äôm the biggest one here and it‚Äôll take
the longest with me. And you used to run track. You‚Äôre faster than all
of us combined,‚Äù he acknowledged.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI know, but it‚Äôs just not fair!‚Äù Savannah wailed. ‚ÄúHey, look at me. You
can do this. And I‚Äôll be right here when you return.‚Äù Savannah glanced
up at him, teary eyed. ‚ÄúOkay. I believe you,‚Äù she conceded. Trent placed
his hands on her hips and pulled her in close. He kissed her deeply. ‚ÄúI
love you, Savannah Mullen,‚Äù he uttered endearingly as they stared
longingly into each other‚Äôs glimmering eyes. ‚ÄúI love you too, Trent
Baker,‚Äù she reciprocated.

‚Äã

We stood in silent reverence only for a second. With new-found ambition,
Trent exclaimed, ‚Äúnow if you‚Äôll excuse me, it‚Äôs time for me to skin a
cryptid!‚Äù ‚ÄúWait, before you go, I have something that might help,‚Äù I
mentioned. I sprinted into the bedroom and returned with two walkie
talkies.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSavannah, take one of these and let us know when you make it out,‚Äù I
advised, handing her one of the walkies. ‚ÄúGreat idea dude. Can y‚Äôall
throw something out the broken window to get the thing‚Äôs attention while
Jeff helps me?‚Äù Trent implored. ‚ÄúAnything for you babe,‚Äù Savannah
answered.

‚Äã

She scooped up a vase from the coffee table and cocked her arm like a
quarterback, ready to send it through the window at a moment‚Äôs notice. I
accompanied Trent to the bedroom and helped him prop the window open as
a loud shatter resonated from the other room. The thing re-emerged
snarling and snapping viciously. The girls screamed in tandem.

‚Äã

‚ÄúGood luck out there. Give it hell,‚Äù I directed. ‚ÄúWill do. And if I
don‚Äôt come back‚Ä¶take care of Savannah for me,‚Äù he requested sternly as a
solitary tear rolled down his cheek. I solemnly nodded. ‚ÄúOh and Trent?‚Äù
His eyes met mine, half of his body outside the cabin. ‚ÄúThank you.‚Äù

‚Äã

He flashed me a thumbs up and slipped into the night. I joined the girls
as Savannah prepared to make the mad dash for her car. ‚ÄúSav, you got
this. We know you can do it,‚Äù Rachel reassured her. ‚ÄúOnce you hear
Trent, go for it,‚Äù I reiterated. ‚ÄúGot it,‚Äù she murmured, a gleam of
determination sweeping across her face. Suddenly, Trent‚Äôs muffled voice
rang out. ‚ÄúHey big ugly, over here!‚Äù

‚Äã

A chain of rapid gunshots tore through the air as Savannah raced through
the door. The beast unleashed a deafening roar that was loud enough to
wake the dead. And then we heard‚Ä¶ a nauseating wet ripping noise. Trent.
He didn‚Äôt even scream. We locked the door behind her. I took Rachel‚Äôs
trembling hand and led her into the bathroom, barricading us inside. I
had just flipped the lock when Savannah‚Äôs terrified voice cut in through
the walkie.

‚Äã

‚ÄúGuys. Someone slashed our fucking tires,‚Äù she whimpered. ‚ÄúFuck,‚Äù I
cursed. ‚ÄúOkay, do you think you can make it back to the cabin?‚Äù I
urgently inquired. ‚ÄúNo.¬ÝThat thing‚Ä¶ It‚Äôs right outside the car. It‚Äôs
watching me.‚Äù Her voice quivered. My heart hammered in my chest and I
said a silent prayer that Savannah would somehow be okay. But my prayer
went unanswered as the sound of shattering glass emanated both from
outside and through the walkie talkie.

‚Äã

Savannah shrieked, the most dreadful guttural scream I‚Äôve ever heard
rising from inside her. Then the walkie went dead. Radio silence. We
tried to reach her over and over again, but we were only met with static
with each futile attempt.

‚Äã

That was nearly an hour ago. The creature is in the cabin now. I can
hear it lurking just outside the door. I‚Äôve got a death grip on the
shotgun. When it inevitably breaches the barrier between us, I‚Äôm going
to blow that ungodly abomination to bits. We will make it out of here.
For Danny. For Savannah. For Trent. And when we do, I‚Äôm going to make my
scumbag uncle wish he was never fucking born.

‚Äã

Xx
