I’m typing most of this as I go. These are my findings about what
happened to my daughter.

Almost six weeks ago, I was on a work trip. I’m a psychiatrist, and I
was contacted to help with some police cases in a different state in a
town called Blackthorn Reach. I ended up having to board a flight and
leave as fast as I could. It was an urgent matter. I kissed my little
five-year-old girl goodbye before I left, and this was the last time I
saw my daughter, Abby.

A few days after finishing my work, I was back home exhausted, and I
slept for almost ten hours. For the next few days, I kept working on
some of those cases because they really did affect me, and I was curious
to get to the bottom of what was happening. However, I felt so consumed
by research and work that my mental health started to deteriorate. I had
to walk away and forget about the entire thing and get back to my life
because my relationship with my wife was strained by the whole ordeal,
and I was unable to sleep from all the overthinking.

And that’s when things started going wrong.

Initially, I thought it was just my little girl growing up and, as a
result, her looks and personality changing more. But one morning, I got
up as usual to my wife cooking breakfast and my daughter helping her set
up the table. I thought everything was fine until my wife brought us the
food.

We normally eat omelets for breakfast, which is what my wife got me, but
she got my daughter scrambled eggs. Now, this is a detail I’d never
forget about my kid. She absolutely hated scrambled eggs and always ate
omelets like me.

For thirty seconds, I just looked at her eating in confusion. Which is
really weird, because for the past few days she had been acting
different. Her eye and hair color were a shade different. She liked
different things and acted in slightly different ways. She liked new
shows, had different friends, and completely different interests, which
is why the whole breakfast thing broke me.

I looked at my wife, who was looking at me annoyed. It made me feel
insane, but at this point I knew I was right. I brought it up.

“When did Abby start eating her eggs scrambled?” I said.

“Since she started eating breakfast,” my wife said sarcastically, with a
little annoyance in her tone.

“No. She always hated scrambled eggs. She always ate omelets. I’ve never
seen her in my entire life eating her eggs scrambled,” I said, with some
anger in my voice.

“You need to calm down. You haven’t been acting like yourself ever since
you came back from that trip,” my wife said, trying to calm me down, as
she had been trying to ever since I got back. I thought she was being
supportive, but in hindsight she was hiding a secret about what happened
to our real daughter.

“ME? I’M THE ONE ACTING DIFFERENT?!” I said angrily.

The little thing claiming to be my daughter was almost crying, and her
face looked scared and confused. This was the point I realized something
was wrong.

I stormed out without eating anything as my wife tried to talk to me and
get me to stay and discuss what was going wrong. I didn’t want to talk
to her about ANYTHING. She did something to our daughter, and she was
now trying to hide it. My blood was boiling, and I left for work without
speaking a single word to her.

I turned off my phone and got to my appointments. By midday, I was so
tired from overthinking what happened to my Abby, and I felt like I
should be trying to find her if she was even still alive. I mean, why
would she replace her with someone else if she was alive? Was my
daughter dead?

I canceled all of my appointments for the day and went to a nearby
restaurant that had Wi-Fi and pulled out my laptop. We have CCTV around
the entire house and living room. For hours, I looked at sped-up footage
from the few days I was gone, and nothing was out of the ordinary. Not a
single thing.

Meaning that this bitch somehow managed to tamper with the footage.

I looked at our texts from the few days I was gone, and she seemed
normal. How did she manage to do that when OUR DAUGHTER was GONE?

For hours, I stayed at that restaurant trying to figure it out until it
was almost midnight. I had nine missed calls from my “wife” and almost
fifty messages. I didn’t care.

I got into my car and got back home. They were both asleep. My wife
looked like she had cried herself to sleep. I thought she had started to
feel remorse after I figured out what she did.

I searched every inch of our yard, garage, and her car for any clues
about what went wrong, and nothing was different. How did she learn how
to hide her tracks so perfectly, I thought to myself.

It was almost 3 A.M. now, and I was feeling on the verge of a mental
break. I started crying now that I figured out my daughter was gone
forever. That woman covered her tracks so well, and now I can’t prove
it, nor can I find Abby again.

There was only one thing left to do.

I stood up from my garage, where I was broken down crying, quickly
opened the garage door leading to our living room, ran up the stairs,
and walked to my bedroom door. I opened it as slowly as I could.

She was still asleep.

I got to my bedside table and opened a drawer. I got my gun out, turned
the light on, and started screaming at my wife, demanding to know where
my daughter was.

She woke up instantly, scared. She looked confused and surprised. She
quickly realized I had a gun and started to cry and question me about
what I was talking about, which made me angrier. It made my blood boil
even more.

“WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER? WHAT DID YOU DO TO ABBY?”

“She’s in her room asleep. Please put the gun down. Please, let’s talk
this out. You have to believe me,” she said, crying and
hyperventilating.

I felt even angrier somehow, and I heard a sound coming from Abby’s
room.

I quickly ran there and opened the door to find that thing in the middle
of Abby’s bed crying. The thing quickly hid under the covers.

I turned on the light and pulled the covers off the thing.

“WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER?” I said.

“Daddy, it’s me. Please stop, you’re scaring me,” she said, crying and
mumbling as she couldn’t get the words out correctly through the tears.

I thought my daughter was gone. None of them were willing to admit it, I
thought.

I shot the thing twice, and it stopped moving instantly.

I didn’t feel any better. I felt dread almost instantly.

In the middle of all of this, I didn’t realize my wife was trying to
stop me, but she couldn’t. I’m 6’0”, and she is barely 5’1” and almost
eighty pounds lighter than me.

She was now frozen in shock.

I looked at the body of the thing, and it didn’t make any sense. It
looked human.

My paranoia rushed in again. I quickly checked for a birthmark Abby had
on her upper back.

The birthmark was there.

I dropped my gun and felt my heart almost skip a beat.

That was Abby.

How didn’t I remember the birthmark?

Abby always hated omelets. I was the only one who liked them.

I had a terrible headache. My brain felt like it was about to leak out
of my nose. There were so many conflicting memories of my daughter. At
least half of them had to be false, but I couldn’t tell which were real
and which weren’t.

Four shots rang out, and my legs buckled under me.

In my confusion, my wife took the gun I dropped and shot me three times.
One shot hit my mid-back, one shot grazed my neck, one completely
missed, and the last shot hit my right shoulder.

She quickly ran to Abby, held her, and started wailing.

After a few seconds, she looked at her hands, which were now covered in
Abby’s blood, I can see the rage on her face, she stood up next to me
and got down to where I was laying down and started pistol whipping me
as hard as she could, my wife then passed out.

Despite the pain and my body rapidly shutting down I managed to get my
phone out to type the events of the last few minutes as additions to
this post. I have to get this out.

Please don’t read about anything from Blackthorn Reach. Don’t try to
visit it or even search it online, research it, nor even think about it.
There is something wrong with that town.

I needed to type out this warning before the blood loss kills me or my
wife regains consciousness again and rightfully executes me for what I
did.

I can’t feel my legs, and my vision is going dark.
