   It has been several days since I was last able to exit my apartment.
I don’t know why I’m writing this, it’s unlikely anyone will see it. I
guess I’m just desperate. It all started a few days ago I think, when I
tried to leave for work in the morning, I went about my day as normal,
brewed my morning coffee, took a shower, then relaxed until it was time
to leave. My phone read 7:25am, if I was going to make it to the bus in
time I had to leave soon so I chugged the last bit of coffee which was
still scolding hot, grabbed my briefcase and made my way to leave,
except the door wouldn’t open.

  I tried forcing it open but it didn’t budge. I banged on the door
thinking it was some kind of prank and a kid or even an immature adult
was holding my door closed but still it wouldn’t open. I peeked out the
port hole and didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. I even tried
locking and unlocking the door as if that was going to do anything,
surprisingly it didn’t.

   I called my landlord about the issue and all he gave me was a “yeah
sure whatever I’ll send someone up.” I don’t even think he believed me
but I had no choice but to wait for help. It’s not like I could climb
out the window. I lived on the top floor of a 9 story apartment complex,
trying to leave that way was suicide so I called my boss and told him
I’d be late for work. A few hours had passed and I paced around my
apartment impatiently and occasionally looking out the port hole yet
there still wasn’t any word from the landlord nor had anyone come to fix
the door. Annoyed, I called the landlord again to complain but he didn’t
answer, tried again and still nothing. 

   My boss called me angry that I still wasn’t at work and I had to
sheepishly tell him my door was still stuck. I’m convinced he thought I
was lying and told me I’m not going to be paid for the day if I don’t
show up soon. In a frustrated panic I stomped over to the door and tried
to force it open, I pulled and pulled and pulled but the damn thing
still wouldn’t open. I threw my body against the door gritting my teeth,
muttering curse words in between each slam.

  I twisted the knob so hard that it ripped from the door and I fell on
my ass with the knob clattering to the ground. I got up cussing at the
wind when I noticed a sticky red liquid on my hand, I thought I cut
myself which was the last thing I wanted but when I checked my hand
there wasn’t any wound. I looked at the door and noticed a trail of
blood coming from the door that oozed from the knob hole and began to
pile on the ground.

   “What the hell?” I thought to myself as I got to my feet. I walked
over to the door and stuck my finger into the hole, it felt wet and warm
like sticking your finger into a piece of warm cooked steak. I pulled my
finger out quickly at the feeling and it was soaked in a dark red ink of
what I thought was blood. But it didn’t smell like blood, no it had a
more sour moldy smell like if you left wet clothes in a washer for too
long. I washed off my finger and went to go fix the door handle, still
confused about what the liquid was but when I reached for the knob it
was a black rotting glob of meat that had already started to smell.

  I jumped back now completely horrified I stared at the pile of rot and
noticed it was pulsing. Disgusted, I swept it up and threw it in the
bin, “am I losing my mind?” I said out loud as I called my landlord
again. I wasn’t expecting him to answer. He probably thought I was crazy
but I was surprised to hear him pick up.

  “Hello?” I said into the mic, I didn’t get a response, “look there is
something seriously wrong with the door I don’t even know how to-” I was
cut off with the sounds of wet gurgling and what I could only describe
meat and bones being gnawed on it sounded wet and dry all at the same
time I could hear muffled whimpering and crying as the crushing of bone
and ripping of flesh filled my ear canal. I could feel my face curl up
into a mixture of disgusted and concerned, I tried to say something but
my brain could form words and the call cut out soon after.

   I sat staring at the floor for what felt like an eternity still
holding my phone to my ear. I could still hear the sounds echoing in my
skull trying to piece together what just happened. Eventually I snapped
out of my hypnosis and decided to do the logical thing of calling 911
but when I went to put the phone to my ear all I was met with was the
operator machine saying “we’re sorry but the number you have dialed does
not exist please check the number and redial again”

   “How is this possible? It’s 911 for god sakes of course it exists!” I
shouted at my phone as if it was going to respond. I quickly redialed
the number and got the same response. I chuckled to myself thinking this
had to be a dream so I pinched my arm but it stung like it normally
would. I wasn’t dreaming but nothing in my brain could fathom what was
happening.

  I began to scream for help as if the panic had finally kicked in. I
yelled at the top of my lungs hoping one of my neighbors would hear me.
I screamed for a solid 2 minutes until my body was so weak that I
collapsed on the floor and woke up several hours later.

   I woke up with a burning feeling in my throat and my brain pounding
against my skull. The sun had now completely set and I was left in my
living room in complete darkness except for the digital green glow of
the time on my microwave. The time was 9:56pm, I slept through the
entire day. I scrambled for my phone to try to call my boss but it
wouldn’t turn on, damn thing must’ve died. I got to my feet walking over
to the light switch to switch the lights on and plugged my phone in. The
air felt hot and moist. 

  I could feel my clothes stick to my skin as sweat had already built up
on my body. I checked the thermostat and it said it was at 70 degrees
yet it felt like I was in a sauna. A slight wave of excitement washed
over me as I delusionally thought that yesterday was truly a dream but
when I spun around to face my front door my face dropped and my blood
ran cold.

  The blood-like liquid was still on the door and floor and had now
dried and stained the area. I checked the door handle slot and noticed
it was filled in, I felt the area and it had a strange texture to it, it
felt leathery like a cut that has now developed a scab around it. I
scraped at it and parts of it flaked off and revealed a slimy pink and
red layer underneath like it was new skin being formed. The hot air and
sickly sight made my head spin and my stomach churn. I felt like I was
going to vomit. I shuffled over to my couch with one hand on my eyes and
another one rubbing my stomach. I was praying I didn’t throw up, I
landed on the soft fabric of my couch and felt the feeling of nausea
dissipate slowly.

   I had to try and get my mind off of this somehow so I grabbed my
remote and tried to escape into my TV like I did so many times before,
but when it flickered on white and black static filled the screen. I
tried turning the channel but nothing worked, at that moment I felt
completely defeated. I let my arm slack off the side of the couch and
the remote fell from my hand. I expected to hear the plastic remote
meeting the hard wood floor as I closed my eyes but it didn’t. Instead
it sounded like a wet slap. I opened my eyes and looked down and what I
saw wasn’t light brown wood but more of a dark pink color with a slight
glossy look to it. Reluctantly I reached my hand out to touch the floor
but when my middle finger touched the ground I jolted my hand up and
clutched it to my chest.

  It wasn’t wood at all, it felt like jelly, it was soft and slimy.
Instinctively I pressed my tongue against the side of my cheek and sure
enough the texture was a match. “WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!” I shouted.
I jumped up and ran to the door again, each step slapping against the
floor and pulling up slime. I began to kick the door as hard as I could,
tears forming in my eyes from fear and frustration. The kicks connected
with the door yet it remained solid, after a few moments I gave up and
ran to the window. I didn’t care if I was so high up, if I fell to the
ground at least I would be out of this godforsaken room.

   I pulled the curtains back but I didn’t see a city or a night sky but
instead was a thin layer of skin and veins, it stretched across the
window tight and the veins pulsed with that same blood-like liquid. I
stepped back in shock and in what I can only assume was a child-like
response I ran to my room slamming the door behind me and jumping into
my bed and under the covers as I began to sob uncontrollably.

  I eventually fell asleep and escaped to my dreams which were all
forgettable and hollow but is the only place I felt somewhat safe. I
woke up sometime later not knowing if it’s the same day or the next. The
air was still hot and wet but now it was different, the air smelt of
tooth decay and morning breath and as it filled my lungs the sense of
nausea washed over me again. Choking back bile I checked my nightstand
to look at my clock but the red lights weren’t there, annoyed I got up
and felt my feet hit the now familiar slimy soft ground and walked over
to the door in my dark room and entered my somehow even darker hallway.

   I walked into my living room which used to fill me with joy but now
has left me with a dreadful feeling. I reached for the light switch that
has been there ever since I moved into the apartment but it was now gone
and the wall now had the same slug feel to it. Stunned I fast walked to
my counter which had a cheap flashlight on it and flicked it on to see
the entire room was now covered in the dark pink jelly except for the
ceiling which still has the dark pink coloration but was rough with
strange grooves on it and was more solid looking rather than soft like
the rest of the room.

   My furniture sunk into the floor as if it all was sitting on an
inflated water bed, the thick slim had now built up so much it began to
pool on the floor and drip from the walls. I have no idea what washed
over me but I was done with whatever the hell was happening, without
thinking I grabbed the biggest knife I could find in the kitchen drawer
and ran to the far end of my hallway slipping occasionally on the wet
ground, I reached the wall of the hallway and tossed away the table and
flower pot that butted up against it just began to hack at it.

   Slime and the bloody liquid flew onto my face as I stabbed and
slashed repeatedly against the wall unsure what I was doing but one way
or another I was leaving this damn room. Eventually my knife cut a hole
in the disgusting flesh wall and a mist burst out and coated my face. I
dropped the knife and pried the hole open just enough that I could stick
my head and one hand through. I was so happy to finally see another room
until my eyes adjusted and saw the horrors that were in the room next
door. 

   The room smelled the same as mine but this time with rotting meat,
the walls and floor had the same dark pink jelly but rows of jagged
teeth lined the floors and the walls. I panned my flashlight over the
room and noticed bits of human remains jutting out from different parts
of the room, hands, bits of clothing and even pieces of someone’s head
were stuck in between the teeth like pieces of food you have after a big
meal.

  I could feel the hole I made slowly start to close around me so I had
to slip back into my nightmarish hellscape of a room, I slumped to the
ground completely defeated devoid of any panic or anger I felt before
and now was just a shell waiting to die. A dull yet loud ringing flooded
my ears and my fast heart beat drowned out the noise from the outside
world so much that I nearly didn’t hear the cries for help outside my
apartment. 

  I was snapped back into reality and shot to my feet, I stood in
silence for several seconds waiting for the screams to continue to make
sure that it was real. The shouting and the sound of footsteps echoed
faintly again so I ran to the door to look out the port hole, at first I
didn’t see anything. I tried to angle myself to see around the corners
but it was no good. I couldn’t see anything, until an old woman shot in
front of the door l jumped back startled and she was banging on my door
screaming “PLEASE HELP ME! MY SON WAS TAKEN BY THAT THING AND IT WANTS
ME NEXT!”

   She shuffled away from my door and continued to do the same thing to
the others. I tried my best to yell back but she couldn’t hear me. I
instinctively reached for the door knob not remembering it wasn’t there
but my hands touched something wet and hard. I looked down and saw a
small fleshy bump growing out of the door. It looked like it was
surrounded by muscle or something similar and it had what seemed to be
bone inside of it. I stood staring at it for a moment until the sound of
the woman yelling in pain got my attention again.

  I looked out the hole and saw her on the ground laying face down, I
could hear her lightly sobbing as a tentacle-like thing slugged over her
wrapping around her abdomen and began to drag her away. She dug her
nails into the vinyl flooring I could see the scratch marks and a few of
her nails popping off but it did nothing to slow her down, the thing
dragging her almost looked like a tongue it had the texture but it was
way too skinny it looked more like a rats tail with spots of green and
black rot or mold with pockets of puss filled blemishes on it.

  It dragged her off to the side. I could hear more distant screams that
went from panic, to pain, to nothing. I sat against the door for a while
wondering how the old woman escaped and tossing between envious of her
and grateful I didn’t experience the horrors of whatever the hell is out
in the hallways of this building. As I sat there my stomach began to
growl, it had been so long since I’ve eaten or at least I think. So I
got up and made my way to the fridge yet when I opened it a foul stench
escaped from it. The inside of the fridge was dark and musty and the
light flickered on and off revealing all the rotten and soiled goods
inside of it. “How long have I really been here?” I asked myself looking
at all the flies and maggots that now called my leftovers home. But I
was desperate and so I grabbed a handful of the spoiled lamb chops and
took a bite just to get something in my body, I chewed the soft meat the
taste of bitter sourness and metallic coated my tongue I could feel some
maggots wiggling in my mouth as I bit down on them one by one feeling
their slimy milky insides squish out. I tried so hard to swallow but my
body physically couldn’t until I vomited.

   A long squeak emanated from behind me, the sound of a door opening. I
shakily turned my head to see my front door opening slowly almost as if
whatever was growing inside this building was tempting me outside my
room. It had been so long since I’ve seen the outside of my apartment
building I almost forgot the tacky 70s style wallpaper that lined the
hallway walls, everything in my body was firing off warning signs
screaming at me not to leave but I just wanted out so I didn’t want to
listen.

   Slow and cautiously I walked towards the entrance peering out from
the doorway not wanting to fully exit my apartment just yet. I scanned
the long dimly lit hallway my eyes passing by the scratched up floor and
the bloody nails of the woman, the walls were moldy and falling apart it
seems to have the same exterior as before all of this happened unlike my
room but it looked boney as if it was the inside of a snake and I swear
I could hear a faint yet heavy breathing coming from somewhere. I
stepped fully out of my apartment and it felt like I was entering a new
realm. The air was different. It smelled acidic and sour so much that it
hurt to breathe.

   I walked towards the end of the hall to the fire escape watching
every door and occasionally peering over my shoulder waiting for
whatever dragged that woman to do the same to me, I got to the door and
breathed a sigh of relief hoping that this would be the end. I opened
the door and saw an only black void and a set of stairs leading down, I
could hear bubbling and splashing from down below but I couldn’t see
anything but I could also smell a strong sense of bile in the air. I
tried my best to strain my eyes to see what was below but it was not
good, I found an emergency flare on the wall next to the stairs and
decided to light it and see what was going on.

  When I struck the flare the red and yellow light filled the space and
I could see a pool of green water that sizzled and bubbled with steam,
“is this acid?” I thought as I tossed the flare into the water and
watched as it began to melt and fizzle out. I backed away making my way
back to the entrance when all of a sudden something wrapped around my
waist and hoisted me in the air, the thing was back and it came from the
pool of acid I could feel its grip get tighter and the bits of acid on
it slowly eating away at my clothes, it’s trying to drag me in. Quickly
I held onto the top of the doorway holding on for dear life I could feel
my waist and abdomen stretching and the air meeting the torn bits of
skin. The wood on the door was beginning to break from the tension. I
tried to get a better hold but it snapped off and I was sent flying into
the guard rail.

  Dazed yet still conscious I was still holding the piece of wood that
had snapped off, the thing was still dragging me and I could hear a low
growling sound coming from below and I was terrified but I needed to
break free so I plugged the wood into it. The thing let me go and I
could hear moans of pain as it slipped back into the water and I
sprinted back to my room slamming the door shut.

   There’s no point in running anymore, all hope of escaping is gone
whatever that thing is it has taken over the entire building. I’m
sitting in my bedroom closet only being illuminated by the blue light of
my phone writing this out, I thought it would bring me some sort of
comfort knowing that others would know what happened to me and the
residents of this apartment complex even if it’s just one person but I
don’t know anymore all I feel now is emptiness. I can hear the sounds of
teeth chattering and grinding together. I fear I don’t have much time
left and soon I’ll be suffering the same fate as my neighbors. My body
is so weak and I’m so tired, maybe I’ll just sleep until whatever those
things are decide to eat me. If I’m lucky I’ll sleep through the whole
process.
