“Please, enter of your own free will,” Mr. Draugsvold repeated, once
again gesturing for me to enter the cemetery.

He looked frail, as elderly men often do, but the way he carried
himself, with his back straight and his chin held high, emanated
strength.

Even youth.

His crystal-clear blue eyes watched me intently. They stirred nothing in
me. No warmth. No hostility. Nothing.

That bothered me more than it should have. I’d always felt something
when another person stared at me.

A gentle breeze whispered in my ears as I glanced at the sturdy iron
gate, then at the handful of gravestones beyond. The overcast sky, pale
as ash, cast a cold light over the cemetery.

“Pardon me, my young friend,” Mr. Draugsvold said as he bowed
apologetically, “I cannot, of my own conscience, ask you a fourth time.”

The way he drew out every vowel made his speech slow and deliberate,
adding a sort of old feeling to it.

I clenched the shovel handle firmly as I took a deep breath. It’s just a
grave. Just a hole in the ground, no need to feel so uneasy about it.

But I did.

This gravedigging job, along with the extraordinary pay, was straight
out of one of the stories the hostel owner and a few locals had told me
last night.

Hell, during my hike through the Norwegian mountains, I’d heard the
story many times. And I dare say Mr. Draugsvold bore a striking
resemblance to the man in several versions of it.

I felt the thirteen gold coins pressing against my thigh through my
zipped pocket. Without them, I would have been forced to go home. With
them, I could continue my hike for months.

So what choice did I really have?

I cleared my dry throat, took another deep breath, and stepped through
the gates.

I fought the urge to chuckle. The whole thing felt ridiculous.

Nothing happened. Of course nothing did.

It was just Norwegian superstition. Well-crafted stories to frighten
hikers and tourists. Nothing more.

“I am pleased,” Mr. Draugsvold said, “that you chose to join me of your
own free will.”

He bowed, the movement perfectly timed with his next sentence.

“If you would just follow me, my young friend.”

He set off in a slow and easy stride, as though his long, thin legs
moved through water.

“So, are you the groundskeeper?” I asked, while looking around the
cemetery.

There was nothing special about it.

Some gravestones were moss-covered. Others looked freshly placed.

Even the mixture of fresh grass, damp earth, and flowers was present.

Yet something seemed to be missing.

“I am indeed the keeper of this realm, if such a simple word can
describe my function.”

I chuckled discreetly. Surely, after a lifetime of tending the place, he
had come to think of it as his little realm.

The distinct rattle of the thirteen gold coins in my pocket made me
think about the story the hostel owner told me.

A wild coincidence.

What else could it be?

Still, I felt the need to ask.

“So, what’s the deal with the gold coins? I mean, I’m not complaining or
anything, but it seems a bit excessive just to dig a grave?”

Mr. Draugsvold stopped. He turned and studied me for an uncomfortable
amount of time.

“Sometimes luck smiles our way,” he said, and continued deeper into the
cemetery.

I nodded to myself. He had a point.

We moved past a grand pine tree surrounded by a ring of rough stones. I
looked up at its magnificent branches.

I stopped.

Something was wrong.

I looked around at the motionless trees and bushes.

Then it hit me.

The wind was gone.

Along with the birdsong.

“Ah, yes,” Mr. Draugsvold suddenly said. “The wind and birds never did
favor these surroundings.”

He paused.

“Perhaps they know of the corruption that takes place beneath the soil.”

Had I ever seen birds in a cemetery before? The wind, for sure, but
birds? Now that I thought about it, I wasn’t actually sure.

“If you would pardon me, my young friend,” Mr. Draugsvold said with an
apologetic bow, “may I ask you to follow me this way?”

Still contemplating the missing birdsong, I followed him off the main
path, up a narrow trail toward the cemetery’s boundary.

The trail continued through a dense wall of pine and brush. The lush
greenery completely obscured whatever lay beyond.

I could hardly believe it when Mr. Draugsvold gestured for us to
continue.

“Do not be afraid. They know our purpose. They will let us through
without resistance.”

Then he stepped into the wall of branches and was swallowed whole.

I hesitated for a second or two before raising a hand to shield my face
and following him.

The branches brushed against my shoulders. My shovel caught briefly,
then slipped free.

When I made it through, my eyes widened in disbelief.

A broad gravel road slithered its way through a vast grassy field, and
on either side of it, rows upon rows of graves stretched as far as my
eyes could see.

I gasped when I tried to make sense of it.

“Ah yes, my young friend, please, take your time. There is no shame in
it, and, at your leisure, we will continue the journey.”

“But there’s just so many?” I mumbled.

“Indeed there are.”

“But where did they all come from?”

Mr. Draugsvold surveyed the endless field of graves.

“Pardon my ignorance, my young friend, but I fear I do not know.”

I narrowed my eyes at him.

“You’re the groundskeeper, right?”

Mr. Draugsvold eyed me intently.

“Does a horse know in which field the hay was grown? Or a baker from
which mill his flour came?”

He paused.

“So you see, my young friend, I could not answer your question, even if
I so desired,” he said, and bowed as he added, “And now, if I may be so
bold, let us press on with our journey.”

I nodded uncertainly, baffled by his apparent sincerity, even though I
could hardly believe he told the truth.

As we walked along the road, I kept looking across the vast sea of
graves.

Some had gravestones.

Others had only a simple wooden cross.

Some looked ancient.

Others looked newer.

“Why doesn’t every grave have a gravestone?”

“Not all souls are equal. Some exist only for a simple usage, while
others can bring many delights, if handled with care, of course.”

“What?” I blurted out.

“Ah, yes, souls need to be handled with care. Otherwise they’ll spoil,
like a lamb sensing the knife.”

I stopped dead in my tracks.

Mr. Draugsvold stopped immediately as well, turning to face me, but he
said nothing.

The hairs on the back of my neck rose.

That familiar knot tightened in my stomach.

I glanced around again.

There was no way I had missed this on the map.

Ignoring any etiquette, I pulled out my phone.

The screen was black. Devoid of any reflection.

I gave it a shake.

I tapped it.

Nothing.

I tapped it again.

I could have sworn it was fully charged.

I looked toward the small clearing through which we had come.

It seemed so far away.

Too far, on second thought.

My eyes snapped to Mr. Draugsvold.

He still stared at me.

Nonsense, I said to myself as I rubbed my eyes. Even so, something urged
me to pull out my map.

“Just give me a second,” I said.

“But of course,” Mr. Draugsvold said, bowing as though he were a mere
servant.

I turned my back to him and reached for the map in my leg pocket. As I
pulled it from its waterproof case, I suddenly felt lightheaded.

Peeking over my shoulder at Mr. Draugsvold, he simply bowed at me again.

My eyes turned to the map in my now trembling hand.

Just as I found the courage to unfold it, a gust of wind tore it from my
hands and sent it soaring into the sky.

In my shock, all I could do was point after it.

As it flew toward the treeline.

The motionless treeline.

I moved one foot.

Then another.

Toward the treeline.

“Pardon me. The piece of parchment is well out of your reach by now.
And, dare I say, you would have no use for it.”

With a tight jaw, I turned to face Mr. Draugsvold. He was smiling.

“What did you say?” I mumbled.

With an apologetic bow, he repeated himself. Then, with a gentle motion
of his hand, he gestured toward a tower in the distance.

“Let us proceed. It is not far now.”

How had I not noticed the tower? We had been walking straight toward it
the entire time.

The tower, Mr. Draugsvold, the endless graves—it was all too much.

I backed away slowly, shaking my head.

“No. I don’t think I will.” I swallowed. “I… I need to turn around.
Here. Take the coins.”

Mr. Draugsvold glanced at the coins in my outstretched hand.

“Oh, my young friend, I have no need for such trinkets.”

His smile faded away.

“And I must remind you, painful though it may be,” he said.

He paused for several seconds.

“You entered here of your own free will.”

He rolled his wrist, gesturing toward the tower.

“Please. At your leisure.”

“Screw it,” I said, letting go of the shovel. “You have my word, I’ll
return the coins to your friend. See ya!”

With those words, I briskly walked back up toward the clearing. Just as
I reached it, I glanced over my shoulder.

I gasped, and then found it hard to breathe.

The tower was considerably closer.

It had no doors or windows.

Only a black bell at the top.

Impossibly large.

I needed to get out of this place, so I pushed through the branches,
protecting my face.

This time, I felt the scratches on my hands.

Something caught my sleeve. I heard the unmistakable sound of fabric
being torn.

Then I felt the same thing with my pants.

With a final push, I was out in the open.

“At your leisure,” Mr. Draugsvold said.

His words almost gave me a heart attack.

What?

I was speechless for a moment as I glanced over the countless graves.

The looming tower.

Mr. Draugsvold smiling.

Had I somehow turned around?

Maybe I lost my way?

Without a word, I pushed back into the branches. This time, I made sure
to walk in a straight line.

I saw the dim light ahead.

I pushed harder.

And forced my way through.

The grand cemetery was still there.

The tower, still there.

Mr. Draugsvold was still there, bowing courteously as he urged me to
follow him.

“Where’s the exit?” I demanded.

My heart was pounding in my chest.

Mr. Draugsvold’s eyes lingered on mine for a moment before drifting
across the graves. Then he pointed.

A chill ran through me when I saw it.

An empty grave, flanked by one with a gravestone and another marked by a
simple wooden cross.

The soil was still dark with moisture.

For a brief moment, I cursed myself for throwing away the shovel.

“I do believe you will have a use for this.”

The moment I saw the shovel in Mr. Draugsvold’s hand, I snatched it up
and held it, ready to strike.

“You’re damn right! You think you can threaten me? Huh?!”

Mr. Draugsvold tilted his head at me. For a moment, his expression was
so genuinely apologetic that my shoulders relaxed slightly.

“This was not at all what I wished for you,” he said, and with another
apologetic bow added, “I do apologize, but you did enter here of your
own free will.”

His smile returned.

“Now, at your leisure, let us proceed.”

I didn’t give him a reply.

I just turned and walked through the graves on the left side.

The treeline in that direction seemed less dense than anywhere else.

As I walked, I kept glancing over my shoulder. Mr. Draugsvold didn’t
move.

I kept pushing on.

Walking faster.

Jogging.

Almost running.

I glanced over my shoulder.

Mr. Draugsvold was gone.

And so was the tower.

My heart hammered in my chest. I stopped, scanning left and right for
him.

“Ah, yes,” Mr. Draugsvold said behind me. “The hour is upon us.”

I spun around.

The tower stood only a stone’s throw away.

Its menacing appearance made me stumble backward.

“You stay away from me. You hear?!” I yelled, gripping the shovel with
both hands.

“I am not the one you should fear. If I may be so bold,” he said, bowing
again, “you chose this fate, my young friend. I had no part in it.”

“What…? No!? You’re insane!”

“I am but a humble servant.”

He paused and smiled at me.

“Have I ever done anything to cause you any distress?”

“You lied to me!”

Mr. Draugsvold leaned backward, his face contorting with confusion.

“Lied? I do, of course, apologize if I speak out of turn, but I do not
believe that is so.”

I stuttered, trying to find the right words.

“You—ehh—you gave me a shovel! When clearly the grave was already dug!”

“The shovel was never meant for digging. It served only to calm your
nerves. To ease your journey.”

He paused, then bowed apologetically.

“But, my young friend, I fear I have failed in that regard. For that, I
am truly sorry.”

He was about to say something else when the bell chimed.

Its heavy dong shocked my core.

Made my knees weak.

With a roll of his wrist, Mr. Draugsvold pointed toward a tree.

It hadn’t been there a moment ago.

Beneath it lay the open grave.

“Please, the hour is late.”

“I can’t! I won’t!”

“You came here of your own free will, my young friend.”

“No, I didn’t!” I panted, trying to keep a steady breath. “I needed that
gold. I needed to pay for my asthma medicine! I would have died without
it!”

DONG!

Mr. Draugsvold raised his chin.

“And so it would have been. Do you now claim that your will was never
truly yours?”

My heart throbbed in my ears, and my stomach threatened to empty its
contents.

“Didn’t you hear what I said?!” I bellowed.

“You could have simply refused the offer, and met death with open arms.”

DONG!

“That’s not being free! That’s being forced!”

“Nevertheless, you made your choice. Freely, and of your own will.”

DONG!

“Now, my young friend, my Master will join us presently.”

DONG!

He bowed again.

“I do hope your journey is pleasant, my young friend.”

His eyes drifted from mine and over my shoulder.

A gust of wind tickled my hair.

My entire body tensed up in fear.

I was frozen in place.

DONG!

I woke up in a hospital bed.

Thirteen days had passed.

All my strength was gone. The colors were washed out, even the sunlight
strangely dull.

The doctors couldn’t find anything wrong with me.

I still taste it sometimes.

Dirt.

And whenever I hear a bell, I swear I can hear Mr. Draugsvold’s voice in
the chimes.

“Free and of your own will, my young friend…”
