There is this road in my hometown that no one drives down. The trees
make you feel like they’re going to collapse in on itself. I kinda like
it. Most people don’t and it’s one of the reasons why they don’t travel
down Forester Creak. The other is because of unfinished construction on
the road. This is a story about that road and why I will never go down
it again.

It was Monday, dark and cloudy. Amanda wanted to go on an “Adventure.” I
wasn’t in the mood although I couldn’t say no to her. She always knew
how to push my buttons to the point of me blowing a fuse and finally
giving in to whatever she wanted. “Hey! It’ll be fun besides you never
go outside..I think it’ll be good for you” Amanda had grabbed my hand
pulling me out the door before I could even protest.

She was right though, after my father’s disappearance I’ve been waiting
patiently inside my home. Waiting for a call..a call that never came…

I think she just wanted me to do anything that wasn’t looking at the
screen. Amanda had started the truck, the exhaust puffed out gases and
wastes into the cool air. The drive was peaceful, we passed by a couple
of stores before stopping at a gas station for slushies.

The neon lights cover the parking lot only a few vehicles were there. I
think the time was around 10:00pm, it wasn’t a popular gas station. The
clerk was an older woman in her late 30’s. She definitely didn’t want to
be there or she just had that gas station charm to her. When we both
made our way over to the machines I made a simple mixture of Flaming
Raspberry and Blue Blizzard, Amanda on the other hand did every flavor.

“You’re going to make me sick…” I mumbled out without filtering
anything. She just made a face and walked towards the counter. There was
a bit of a line that night. A younger woman about our age and two older
men about the same age as the clerk. ” How long until you deliver your
cargo?” A conversation started between the two men.

“About five hours or so..”

“Five? You know you could try using that back road..”

“You mean Forester Creak? Isn’t that an unfinished road?…and… The
stories..”

“It’s drivable and it’s just stories..”

I didn’t pay much attention until one of them spoke about a river.
Amanda was engulfed into the conversation basically pushing the
boundaries of personal space. “A river? What stories?”

Both of them looked at each other before one spoke up. He was wearing an
orange cap. “Well, there was an accident a while back a car was found in
the river. They formed a search party, but they never found a body” when
it was his turn to ring up his items which were just a pack of
cigarettes and a fountain drink he continued. “They did find cash in the
car..like a shit ton.. people are saying it was a robbery gone bad.”

The clerk at the counter shook her head “No that’s not the story, there
was a body. It was the body of a little girl. She was missing for a week
before they found her.”

“I heard it was a boy they found” The younger woman corrected as she
grabbed her items to leave. Amanda had a look on her face that was
filled with curiosity and confusion all mixed into one.

“Hell I’d rather take the long way around..it’s too late to be driving
down those types of roads anyhow.” Who could blame the man deciding to
drive five hours on a safer route than the one with a history of
accidents. Amanda and I left. We paid for our slushies and got into our
vehicle again. “Hey..” There was a pause.

“Yea? Is something wrong?”

“Let’s do it..”

“What??”

“I mean, let’s go down Forester Creak”

“Amanda..”

“Come on.. aren’t you curious?”

I would be lying if I said no. I was curious. “Fine.. we’re already out”
Amanda placed her hand against the top of my seat and slowly backed out
of the parking lot. Once we were on the road everything felt different
like something had shifted. I had to roll down my window to breathe,
there was this tightening in my chest. I remember leaning against the
corner of the car door looking at the trees, feeling the weight of them
all. The road was long, there were dips in some places. If it wasn’t for
the reflectors in the road I don’t think I’d be able to decipher if the
vehicle was still on the road.

“Maybe the high beam lights would help Amanda” She nodded in agreement.
“I don’t see the construction they were talking about..do you?” I had
shook my head ‘no’ before jolting upward in my seat. “Hold up!” The
vehicle reared into a halt there was an overpass. “I think that’s the
river underneath the overpass.. put on your hazard lights” Amanda patted
me on the shoulder as if telling me “Good job.” She pulled the truck
towards the edge of the road. “Let’s go.” Of course she was the first
one to leap outside with her phone light in hand. I had followed closed
behind her with mine.

Underneath the overpass the grass was overgrown it was difficult to tell
if anything was hiding. Luckily we were able to make it to the river
unscathed. “See, it’s not so bad.” Amanda was already walking closer to
the rocks searching for anything out of the ordinary. She mainly wanted
to prove to me that there wasn’t anything to be afraid of.

Until…She found something..

It was a small metal box and inside of it were coins followed by a note.
” It says take a coin and make a wish..” Amanda had sat the box on a
rock to get a better look. “Probably some kids left it here..” The box
looked brand new no rust or missing pieces. “Let’s make a wish!” So we
did. She wished for the best candy in the world and I wished to see the
stars since it was cloudy that night. We both grabbed a coin, threw it
into the river, closed the box, and started to make our descent up the
hill. I felt Amanda stop behind me, I thought she might have dropped
something. I had turned around to see if she needed help when I saw her
running down the hill. Within seconds, she was in the water frantically
looking for something. What she pulled out was a piece of candy “Holy
shit!” She started to undo the rapper. “Don’t eat that! It’s trash!” I
pleaded with her trying to convince her that it was a coincidence. I saw
her do stranger things before, but nothing like this.

“This is the best thing I have ever tasted..” Amanda had looked up at
the sky seeing the clouds had lifted. “Look!” It was hard to deny that
it wasn’t a little weird. “If you still don’t believe me look at the
rapper” she frequently opened the rapper fully showing me what it said.

“Make another wish..”

Amanda grabbed her phone that she dropped near the water. While shining
her light towards the box she had sprinted towards it. Her ankles were
still submerged underneath the water and without hesitation she opened
the box again. “Ok, I wish for a necklace made of real gold.” She made
her second wish this time the item was farther away. She didn’t bother
to look back at me she just took the box and matched out into the middle
of the river. There was the necklace. She made another wish. “I wish for
a home.”

Nothing happened..

“Amanda..let’s go..I don’t think we should be playing around with this.”
When I finally spoke out. When I finally realized this was actually
happening. I had the courage to convince her to leave. Then I heard it.
The god awful wailing of Amanda. The river current started to pick up
around her pulling her under. Briefly I saw hands or what looked like
hands pulling her deeper. I was unable to go after her without getting
dragged under myself.

Within the silence that lasted at least 30 minutes the box resurfaced
with the same note saying make a wish. I had scrambled for my phone, but
there was no cell service. I made my way up the hill towards the truck
to maybe get a bar. I had no luck. The drive off that road was
agonizing, having to report my friend disappearing underneath the
current. There was a search party that night.. they couldn’t find
anything..not even that box.

Since that night, I drive down that road during the day just to see if I
could find her..or The box. Every time I try to walk the stream I feel
this heavy weight in my chest. It feels like someone is putting
dumbbells against it each passing day. Eventually I chose to come back
to the river at night alone. The box was there. Waiting for me.

I made a wish..

I waited patiently..

There she was..

She was so cold..

I called it in, the paramedics took her away and I stayed for
questioning with the police. I told them I wanted to look for her and
that I knew it was dangerous. They sent me home. It’s been a month now,
I’ve been having these strange urges to drink large amounts of water and
the only time I can relax is in the bathtub. Trying to stay focused
during work has been difficult without looking like a mad man at the
coolers. I don’t want to go back…

I will never go back…
