Part 1

‚Äã

‚ÄúThree months. That‚Äôs how much you have left.‚Äù

‚Äú‚Ä¶What if I try the new chemotherapy you mentioned earlier?‚Äù

‚ÄúI‚Äôm afraid it won‚Äôt be that effective. It has already spread to the
lungs, so chemo is no longer an option.‚Äù

‚Äã

Cancer. In my pancreas, and now to my lungs. Oh lord, I muttered. I‚Äôve
been cursing at those chemos that looked like pure filth until just a
few weeks ago, and here I am now, begging for another trial.

‚Äã

‚ÄúBut we could at least give it a try and see how it goes, can‚Äôt we? It
surely must help in some way.‚Äù

‚Äã

True. Disgusting as it may be, that thing had been keeping me alive for
quite some time. But maybe not anymore.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYour body,‚Äù the doctor started carefully, ‚Äúhas reached its limit. It
can no longer take in those powerful drugs. If you want the chemo so
badly that you‚Äôre willing to take risks, I won‚Äôt stop you. But it would
be safer if you didn‚Äôt.‚Äù

‚Äã

Yeah, a safer way toward death, I thought.

‚Äã

‚ÄúMr.Rider? It‚Äôs time for your meal. May I help you to your ward?‚Äù

‚Äã

A nurse had entered the room without me noticing her. Startled by her
voice, I spun around and saw a tall, fit woman with blond hair and heavy
makeup. She was hard to be unnoticed. Could it be that those bloody
cancer cells were finally starting to sap the strength out of my senses,
eating away my body?

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôm fine. I can help myself.‚Äù

‚Äã

I dragged my feet towards the door, closed it, and shuffled to my ward.
Within my blurry vision, I saw one of my gowns lying on the floor. I
bent down for it and found a rusty name tag under the bed that read: Ken
Rider, 32 years old. It was almost a year old. My new name tag read: Ken
Rider, 33 years old.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThirty-three,‚Äù I read out loud. What a young age to die.

‚Äã

Skipping dinner, I cuddled into the blanket and closed my eyes for what
would be my last night here in this hospital. I‚Äôm leaving this ward
tomorrow, I told myself. If, of course, I can make it through this night
alive.

‚Äã

The very cause of my cancer, I can say with certainty, is because of the
horrible bullying I had to suffer during middle school. There were six
of them - six that I can remember, at least - who were lucky enough to
find a nice human toy on which they could fully express their growing
sense of teenage violence. The damage they have done to me in physical
terms is one thing; my real trauma was getting mentally devastated. They
would beat me almost every day until my nose cracked and my teeth fell
out, and even then they couldn‚Äôt be more excited to think of another way
for me to compensate for the loss of their entertainment. I‚Äôve tried my
best to fight them, but to no avail. The only result of my desperate
struggle against them was the dreadful feeling of impotence and
isolation, and that terrible sensation strangled me all throughout my
lifetime, leaving lethal scars every day and every night. It is those
scars that had turned into cancer which has now grown too big and too
deadly for me to deal with. Alex. Kevin. The two names I remember until
now. The two names most responsible for my current state.

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚ÄúPlease, Alex. This is insane. I can‚Äôt do this, I‚Äôm sorry.‚Äù

Slap. My left cheek which had been already bruised started swelling up,
making it hard for me to see.

‚Äã

‚ÄúDo not test my patience and do it, for the sake of everyone to cared
enough to come all the way here to watch your show.‚Äù

‚Äã

The entire crowd was giggling, some even filming me with their phones,
and none of them seemed to be willing to stop this horrific show until I
finished the mission. Beside my trembling right foot lay Coco, my
beloved cat. She was more than just a family. She was a soulmate. There
was no way I could do it. No way I could hack her to death. I dropped
the knife I had been holding and hugged Coco.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôll do anything else you tell me to do,‚Äù I whimpered, ‚Äúbut not this.
How can I -‚Äù

At that moment, I heard something crack inside my head. Then the world
began to spin around me. As my legs went limp I hit the ground head
first with a heavy thud, then my shoulders, and fell unconscious.

‚Äã

Whether it was the bitter taste of blood inside my mouth or the hissing
of Coco that woke me up, I cannot remember, but the first thing I saw
after opening my eyes was the horrific scene of Coco being bound with a
rope. Alex was working on her hind legs, binding the ropes so hard that
her paws had already turned purple. Behind him was Alex‚Äôs best friend,
Kevin, holding a bucket of red paint. He was laughing in a way that
seemed to be spooking Coco off, shaking his head left and right every
few seconds. Then he fixed his eyes upon her, gestured Alex to get out
of the way, and splashed the paint all over her.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWell well‚Ä¶ now she needs some grooming, doesn‚Äôt she?‚Äù Kevin giggled.

‚ÄúLooks like we have the perfect tool for that!‚Äù Alex replied, already
excited to see how I would react. He picked up the knife I had dropped
and marched forward.

‚Äã

My heart sank, and I cried out, ‚ÄúStop!!! Please, Please Alex! I‚Äôll do
anything, everything you want!! I swear!!!‚Äù

But they didn‚Äôt seem to hear me. I had to yell harder.

‚Äã

‚ÄúPlease leave her alone, you‚Äôve got me!!! She has nothing to do with
you!! SOMEBODY STOP HIM!!!‚Äù

With Coco‚Äôs horrible screeching, I flew out of bed and smashed my
forehead against the window on the left. That‚Äôs when I had it clear.

‚Äã

‚ÄòI‚Äôve got to kill them. Alex especially, that son of a bitch who ruined
my entire life just for fun. That‚Äôs the one thing I must finish before I
die.‚Äô

Panting and sweating, I stormed out of the ward and splashed my face
with cold water.

‚ÄòI don‚Äôt have much time, and I can‚Äôt do this alone. I‚Äôll have to look
for a partner.‚Äô

‚Äã

Thinking of a partner, I was reminded of a classmate named Jack who had
also been bullied heavily by Alex and his friends. Although not best
friends, Jack and I were still good friends. A friend close enough to
share our hurtful feelings toward them. Yes, Jack. He is the one. He
could be the ideal one for this job. The perfect partner to help me out.

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

Part 2

‚Äã

For the first time after being diagnosed with cancer, I found myself a
clear goal, a goal that gave me endless energy and spirit. I
commissioned a famous detective agency to figure out the tiniest details
about Alex‚Äôs life, and after about a month I had my plans roughly set
up. My best chance would be hiding near his workplace and knocking him
out with a taser on his way home, but there was a problem. Alex was
working for a mayor in the countryside as his private secretary, which
meant I had to keep a close eye on the mayor somehow as well. If his
secretary went missing for even a short while, that would mean trouble.
Severe trouble.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhich is where Jack kicks in,‚Äù I mumbled. Jack was the leader of a
management team working for the country‚Äôs biggest shipping company, and
according to the news, there seemed to be an upcoming conference
regarding the problems of illegal shipping that all mayors had to
attend. If Jack could figure out when and where the conference would be
held, things could be much easier. The mayor would be too busy to care
even if Alex went missing. So I decided to meet Jack in front of his
house and ask for what I needed.

‚Äã

After waiting about an hour on the bench in front of Jack‚Äôs garden, I
saw his car emerge and waved my right hand. In my other hand were
reports from the detective agency about Alex and a medicine packet
including some morphine painkillers. I had to sell him that I was in
desperate need of his help. Jack got out of the car and headed towards
me with unexpected company. A wife.

‚ÄòGee,‚Äô I thought. ‚ÄòI didn‚Äôt know he was married.‚Äô

‚Äã

Shivering in the cold weather with his hand tightly holding his wife‚Äôs,
Jack presented an awkward smile to greet me. He had this weird way of
talking with a vague expression of reluctance since middle school, which
was one of the things Alex would always prey on for excuse. An excuse to
beat him up.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey.. it‚Äôs been quite a while‚Ä¶ since we met. You‚Äôve never met Sarah
before, have you..?‚Äù

I shook my head, hiding what I brought behind my back. I couldn‚Äôt show
this in front of his wife.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHoney, who is he? Is he a friend of yours? Or a colleague, maybe?‚Äù the
wife asked.

‚ÄúUm‚Ä¶ haven‚Äôt I told you about him either..? Haha‚Ä¶.. seems like I
haven‚Äôt. Well, it‚Äôs never too late to start knowing each other.
Greetings.‚Äù Jack replied, this time his face trembling heavily as well.
Sarah shook my hands, laughed shortly about how Jack was always having
trouble when it came to dealing with people, and went inside, leaving
Jack by my side.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSo.. what is it‚Ä¶?‚Äù Jack asked nervously.

I looked at him for a while, took a deep breath, and started explaining.

‚Äã

By the time I was finished, Jack was dumbstruck. His vision was fixed on
the ground and I could see his head spinning, scouring madly for any
possible flaws that I might have missed while setting up my plan. When
he finally decided to speak, his voice was so tiny I had to lean over
right next to him to hear his words properly.

‚Äã

‚ÄúLook, I.. I have a family. Sarah is going to become a mother soon.. and
I don‚Äôt want to ruin their lives for the sake of my personal revenge.
I‚Äôm sorry‚Ä¶ really sorry.. that I can‚Äôt help you with this..‚Äù

‚Äã

I sighed. Not a sigh of disappointment, but a sigh of utter disbelief.
How could it be possible that Jack and I, raised and taught in the same
environment during our entire teenagehood, have become such different
adults just after about a decade? And apart from that, how on earth was
Jack finding it okay to let go of the perfect chance of revenge against
the bastard who had wrecked his entire school life? Didn‚Äôt he have the
slightest feeling of anger or rage inside of him?

‚Äã

‚ÄúJack,‚Äù I spoke flatly, ‚Äúthe way you speak and the way you smile, that
weird expression of yours, isn‚Äôt that your terrible aftermath of getting
bullied? And your right leg too. You can‚Äôt walk properly even until now
after they broke your knees. Do you not see that they have damaged our
lives permanently, yours physically and mine mentally?‚Äù

‚Äã

Silence fell. Jack‚Äôs shoulders were trembling - in fact, his whole body
had been trembling this entire time during my visit - and I could see
him restart the tug of war inside his mind, hopefully, this time leading
to a better conclusion.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWell.. there is one thing‚Ä¶ just one thing I can do to help you out. I
know the details‚Ä¶ about the conference schedule.. you know, for the
shipping. It‚Äôs this Saturday afternoon‚Ä¶ it starts at 3 PM and ends at‚Ä¶
at like 8 PM or something. I‚Äôll double-check.‚Äù

‚Äã

I looked at him, my eyes widening. This guy was finally getting the gist
of what I was talking about.

‚ÄúAnd where is it held?‚Äù I asked.

‚Äã

‚ÄúIn a city far away from Alex‚Äôs hometown,‚Äù Jack replied. In his voice
flew a scent of seriousness I had never felt before, which gave
credibility.

‚ÄúWhere exactly? Do you know the location?‚Äù

‚ÄúI‚Äôm not sure, but you don‚Äôt have to worry about that. The conference is
highly confidential, so Alex will probably be left out the entire day,
which means he‚Äôs likely to have a day off. Away from his mayor, you see‚Ä¶
for quite some time.‚Äù

‚Äã

Now that, I remarked, is a precious piece of information. Not as
critical as I had hoped, but still worth taking in. 3 PM to 8 PM,
Saturday, far away from hometown. 3 PM, 8 PM, Saturday, far away from
hometown. I scribbled the words inside my head to make sure they didn‚Äôt
slip away.

‚Äã

‚ÄúAlright, thanks. That‚Äôs very helpful.‚Äù

‚ÄúOne last thing. Ken, promise me something when you meet Alex. Finish
him off in the most painful way, will you? Do it instead of me‚Ä¶ and for
yourself as well.‚Äù

I grinned and replied, ‚ÄúYou can count on me.‚Äù

‚Äã

I was about to turn around and leave when I figured that Jack‚Äôs face was
extremely pale, much paler than usual, and his eyes were glittering with
resentment big enough to swallow him whole. But not near enough to
swallow his entire family, which was why he couldn‚Äôt be as proactive as
he should have been for his revenge. What a pity, I thought, to be able
to vent only in the least pleasurable way.

So without really meaning it, I added, ‚ÄúOh, and Jack, I‚Äôll make sure to
call you when I bring Alex into my garage.. so that you can join me
anytime you want. Just in case you change your mind.‚Äù

Jack grinned his awkward smile, waved his hands, and closed the door.

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

Part 3

‚Äã

Only two days were left until the conference, and my body was getting
worse every day. But my mind, my living soul, had never been stronger.
As I got out of bed, I tasted blood inside my throat, which I was
starting to get used to since I‚Äôd been coughing out blood every now and
then for the past week or so.

‚Äã

‚ÄòI cannot die, not like this. I have things to finish.‚Äô

I hauled myself out of the bedroom and turned the TV on.

‚Äã

<Soldiers in the Pacific are now entering their training season, but
will they manage to‚Ä¶>

Hmm. What a boring issue. I lay down on the sofa and switched to the
next channel.

‚Äã

<The battle to avoid relegation, will it succeed? The fans haven‚Äôt been
supportive of‚Ä¶>

And next.

‚Äã

<Breaking News: A mayor found lying unconscious in the hospital due to a
severe car accident‚Ä¶>

I sat straight up. A mayor? Fallen unconscious? Could it be the mayor?

My phone rang. It was a call from Jack, and I picked it up.

‚Äã

‚ÄúDid you hear the News?‚Äù

‚ÄúYou mean, about the mayor?‚Äù

‚ÄúYup, seems like you should be in a hurry.‚Äù

Oh, great. So it was the mayor.

‚Äã

Jack continued, ‚ÄúThey say he was rushed to the hospital, but I‚Äôm not
sure about Alex. Just a heads up.‚Äù

I scanned the screen for one final check before heading to my car.

<‚Ä¶‚Ä¶and the doctor rated his chances of recovery as nil.>

‚Äã

My heart started beating madly. There was good news and bad news about
this incident. The good news was that Alex going missing was no longer a
problem since the mayor wouldn‚Äôt be able to check it anyway. The bad
news was that Alex, now a free man, could stray anywhere. If he decided
to step out of his daily routine, which was, considering his tendency as
the ultimate seeker for entertainment, highly probable, it would be
difficult for me to find him. Starting the car, I prayed for him to be
still asleep.

‚Äã

When I reached Alex‚Äôs house, the first sight of it gave me chills. I had
received dozens of photos and reports about the area from the detective
agency, but I never imagined it to be so eerily quiet. Apart from the
old house in front of the car, this place was almost like a forest.
There was absolutely no sign, no trace of any living creature around.
Complete silence. That was the only way to describe it. Was Alex inside?
If so, what could he be doing? Could he have already gone, far away from
his house?

‚Äã

Suddenly I heard a terrifying sound right next to me: a knock-knock at
my car window. I froze. There stood Alex, tilting his face sideways,
trying to look into the car. I could recognize him straight away. His
face had barely changed since middle school, but he had grown taller and
was wearing a suit, probably an outfit for something official. But I
didn‚Äôt feel his approach. Just like I did with the nurse a month ago.
Only this time, it was much more critical.

‚Äã

‚ÄúExcuse me, driving here is forbidden. How may I help you?‚Äù He yelled
through the window. Luckily, he didn‚Äôt recognize me, thanks to the
window‚Äôs heavy tanning. I slowly picked up the taser I had brought with
me and lowered the car window. My heart was thumping faster than ever. I
could feel every beat, every movement of it inside my chest.

‚Äã

‚ÄúCan you hold this for a second?‚Äù I asked, my voice shaking terribly. My
body was starting to lose control. Even before facing him properly, I
had already given in to the old fear of the past. Breathe, I told
myself. Breathe. All you have to do is just time it right. Then he‚Äôll be
on the ground. Just time it right.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSure. Hand it over and I‚Äôll keep -‚Äù

As soon as the window was open wide enough for a shot, I twisted my body
to reveal the taser and fired it straight at Alex‚Äôs chest. With a short
shriek, he collapsed forward and bashed his head against the door before
crippling down on the ground. He lay there, twitching. His eyes were
still open, but the empty look on his face told me that he was knocked
out for good.

‚Äã

I let out a deep sigh of victory. At least the difficult part was over
now. I quickly texted Jack to come to my garage anytime he felt like
doing so. Then I hauled his limp body into the back seat of my car and
started to tie his arms and legs behind his back. When it was all done,
I felt an enormous amount of adrenalin pumping all over my body. My
heart was still beating heavily. This entire scene felt like a dream.
Here lay Alex, tied up and unconscious underneath my knees, completely
vulnerable. If I wanted to, I could kill him right now - I had brought a
hammer and a knife with me as well in case things went wrong - but it
wasn‚Äôt a wise decision to do it here. Plus, there was that promise I had
made with Jack. I hurried over to the driver‚Äôs seat and closed the door.

‚Äã

‚ÄòDon‚Äôt be stupid and keep patient,‚Äô a voice rang inside my head.

‚ÄòYou can‚Äôt kill him just like that. He deserves more.‚Äô

So in I drove back to the foresty road. After a few minutes of driving,
I began to feel dizzy. Or was I just feeling tired and sleepy? This
entire hunt for Alex today had been well beyond my body‚Äôs limit, and all
my power was starting to drain out.

‚Äã

‚ÄòKeep going!‚Äô The voice warned. Clutching onto the steering wheel, I
forced myself to stay awake and rumbled toward my house. To my garage.
To the place where Alex would finally expiate his sins.

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

Part 4

‚Äã

‚ÄúWake up, bitch.‚Äù

I splashed cold water into Alex‚Äôs face, but he didn‚Äôt budge. His limbs
were tied to the chair he was sitting on, and I stood in front of him,
waiting for him to come back to his senses. I slapped him. This time,
his eyes flickered a bit. So I slapped him some more.

‚Äã

‚Äú‚Ä¶What the heck‚Ä¶.. where is this place..?‚Äù he moaned.

‚ÄúAh, good. You‚Äôre awake now. I was worried you might have been dead
already.‚Äù I replied.

I stared at him and examined his face. In there was an emotion of both
terror and anger. The same emotions I used to feel every day when Alex
and Kevin were around.

‚ÄúLook at me. Depending on what you say, I might let you live.‚Äù

He stared back at me blankly for a few seconds and then nodded.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhy was it me? What was it that you hated so much about me?‚Äù

I looked straight at him with glaring eyes, trying hard to control the
rage exploding inside.

‚ÄòLet‚Äôs at least give him a chance to apologize. I can punish him after
listening to what he has to say.‚Äô

‚Äã

After staring at each other for a while, Alex spoke.

‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry‚Ä¶ I can‚Äôt remember you. Who are you‚Ä¶? Did I do anything wrong
to you? Is that why I‚Äôm here?‚Äù

‚Äã

I stood there, stupified, unable to believe what I had just heard. He
had to be joking. Nightmares of him had been haunting me all this time,
and I had been suffering terrible traumas for almost twenty years. I
have failed numerous job interviews due to that traumatic experience and
now have fallen ill with terminal cancer. After all that, it was crazy
for that bitch to say, ‚ÄúOh well, I don‚Äôt remember you, but I‚Äôll
apologize if I have caused any trouble.‚Äù and then get away with it. How
on earth could he not remember me? Was he playing dumb, acting as if he
couldn‚Äôt recognize me?

‚Äã

I took a step toward him and slammed his right hand as hard as I could
with the hammer I had been holding.

‚ÄúAAAAAGGGHH..!!!‚Äù He cried out. I slammed the same spot again. This
time, he shook his head up and down, writhing in agony.

‚Äã

‚ÄúDoes it hurt??? Huh? DOES IT FUCKING HURT?!‚Äù I yelled back. The third
blow was on his head. I swung the hammer toward one of his temples, but
the shaking of his head mistimed my blow and I felt the skull crack
underneath the impact. Blood splattered everywhere, covering half of his
head in seconds.

He started yelling, ‚ÄúWho are you? What do you want from me?! When you‚Äôre
torturing me, you tell me who you are!!!‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôll tell you who I am,‚Äù I replied, ‚Äúafter this one.‚Äù I marched again,
this time for his knees. For the same knee bone that Jack¬Ýhad received a
beating and got splintered.

‚Äã

‚ÄúI, I remember you!! It all just suddenly popped into my head, and I‚Äôm
really sorry about it! I shouldn‚Äôt have done that.. I must have been out
of my mind. I apologize‚Ä¶‚Äù

Alex started sobbing.

‚Äã

Withdrawing my hammer, I asked, ‚ÄúDo you indeed? Can you remember who I
am?‚Äù

‚Äã

He took a few seconds to breathe, and then came the reply.

‚ÄúYes, of course, Samuel. How could I forget? I‚Äôve always wanted to
apologize to my peers at uni. I admit that I was a psychopath back then.
I mean it.‚Äù

‚Äã

The slightest hope that he might recognize me and apologize was what had
been keeping me from killing him straight away. That hope, thinner than
a thread, broke miserably. I bent down, picked up a piece of thick nail
on the ground, and dug it deep inside his left thigh with the hammer. He
screeched painfully.

‚Äã

‚ÄúListen. My name is Ken, not Samuel. And we met at middle school.‚Äù I
whispered. From then on, I cannot remember. For at least five minutes -
or was it ten? - I must have gone crazy, pounding and stabbing him
madly. At last, when I was too tired to move, I slouched on his body and
the broken chair. Breathing heavily, I stared at his face, smeared all
over with blood and dirt. The gush of dark blood that had been pouring
out of his nose had begun to stop, leaving a red trace alongside his
swollen chin, like a zombie in horror movies. So that‚Äôs what I must have
looked like during high school. What a disastrous scene.

‚Äã

Now that Alex was dead, other things I had to consider started slipping
into my mind. When would his friends or the mayor‚Äôs workers come
searching for him? Were they already on their way? I had to get up and
clean the mess on the ground before the blood left permanent stains, but
I could barely lift my arms. I lay down for some rest and wiped off the
blood on my face. What a day, I thought. What an absolutely tiring,
devastating day. My eyelids were too heavy to keep my eyes open, but I
knew that closing them now would drag me to sleep forever. So I just lay
there gazing at the ceiling.. and trying my best not to fall asleep.

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Äã

Part 5

‚Äã

It was all over now. All over in a matter of minutes. But something just
didn‚Äôt feel right. Wasn‚Äôt revenge supposed to get rid of the burden
inside? I felt far from being settled. I felt some kind of horrible
emptiness, even after a rather successful revenge. Was it because I had
lost my mind throughout and couldn‚Äôt remember most of it? A possible
theory, but there was something else, a cause fundamentally different
responsible for this uneasy feeling. What was it?

‚Äã

I was trying to figure out what exactly it was when I heard the roaring
of a vehicle right outside my garage. The cops? No, they have sirens.
And it couldn‚Äôt be any of Alex‚Äôs peers at work as well, since he worked
alone. Which left only one person. I stood up and saw a truck enter. It
didn‚Äôt slow down until it stopped right in front of Alex‚Äôs dead body.
When the truck came into close view, I could see that its entire front
was a complete mess. There were huge dents everywhere, the side mirror
on the left was broken, and the door hinge had been torn apart. What a
hurry he must have been in to come here. In the driver‚Äôs seat was the
familiar silhouette of Jack, and I adjusted my orientation toward him
with a grin.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey, I didn‚Äôt think you would come.‚Äù

He walked out of the truck and I greeted him by handing him over a knife
lying next to the corpse.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou arrived a bit too late, I‚Äôm afraid. He‚Äôs already dead. If you‚Äôre
still okay with a dead Alex though, then go ahead and do whatever you
want. He‚Äôs all yours. It‚Äôs a priceless chance for you to overcome your
trauma.‚Äù

Jack took the knife and rubbed its blade against a brown shawl he had
draped around his shoulders which seemed to be made of animal fur. There
was a writing carved into it: R.I.P, My Dear Bella. Whatever that meant,
he must have worn it for a reason, probably something related to his
trauma during his school years.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou‚Äôre right. I thought about what you told me earlier, about revenge,
and realized this was something I had to finish with my own hands.‚Äù
After taking a quick scan around the garage, Jack asked quietly, ‚ÄúWhat
did Alex say to you before dying?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúOh, that bitch,‚Äù I replied heavily, ‚Äúdidn‚Äôt even remember me. After all
that bullying, he couldn‚Äôt find a clue of who I was. What a comedy. I
spent my entire life petrified, but to him, it had been literally
nothing more than a joke. This is so fucking unfair.‚Äù

‚Äã

Jack looked up into my eyes. He was holding the knife in one hand, and
his shawl in the other. Both hands were trembling. He was hesitating.
That‚Äôs when I noticed he was wearing a cast around his neck. He had been
covering the area with the shawl. Did he crash his truck while hurrying
over? Or was he involved in some kind of accident? Wait, a truck? A
group of letters suddenly flashed through my head.

‚Äã

<‚Ä¶and according to the police, the truck driver had run away after
striking the mayor with a vehicle much heavier than his‚Ä¶>

The Mayor. The truck. The accident. My brain started spinning. Was it
the same truck? I turned around swiftly to check if the truck was the
one that had appeared on TV when I suddenly felt a searing sensation on
my waist. It started to burn immediately. The pain was so excruciating
that I couldn‚Äôt even breathe. When I turned my head to check, I saw a
knife stuck into my waist. It was the knife I had handed over to Jack.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhat the..?‚Äù

I collapsed to the floor, my shirt starting to soak with blood. I gagged
for breath and tried desperately to get up again, but my body didn‚Äôt
listen. My legs were heavy as a log. I looked up and saw Jack limping
toward me, this time holding a hammer in his hand. I had to get up
somehow.

‚Äã

‚ÄúIt is you,‚Äù Jack sobbed, ‚Äúwho ruined my life. I‚Äôve had more traumas
because of what you did to me than Alex or his friends. You vented your
anger on me every time they troubled you, and that memory has given me
horrible nightmares.‚Äù

‚Äã

WHAT? I staggered to my feet with my back hunched over the knife stuck
in my stomach, already feeling dizzy. What the hell was he talking
about? For a moment, I thought I might be dreaming. But the pain in my
stomach was too real for it to be a dream. Jack unfolded his shawl and
spread it wide in front of me, showing me the words I had seen earlier.
He then asked, ‚ÄúDo you remember Bella?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúI.. I don‚Äôt get it. What are you talking about? Who is Bella? Look,
there must have been some kind of misunderstanding -‚Äù

Another horrible burn throbbed inside that contracted the muscles around
the area, cutting off my words. This one was ridiculously painful. For
the first time, I felt what it was like to die. Before I knew it, Jack
was right in front of me. He whispered, ‚ÄúBella was my dog. And you
killed her.‚Äù

‚Äã

My heart started racing. Bella? His dog? Since when did Jack have a dog
in his family? I felt Jack‚Äôs fingers close around my neck. Then he
growled in a low voice with his eyes almost popping out of rage, ‚ÄúYou
don‚Äôt remember either, do you? You punk.‚Äù And that‚Äôs the last thing I
heard from him.

‚Äã

‚Äã

-‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äî‚Äì

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs not fair they didn‚Äôt do the same to Bella, is it? I thought we
were friends in the same boat.‚Äù

‚ÄúKen, please..‚Äù

‚ÄúLooks like she needs some grooming too. Don‚Äôt worry. I won‚Äôt use the
paint. We‚Äôre friends after all, aren‚Äôt we? Come here, Bella. It‚Äôs time
for you to meet Coco.‚Äù
