I really don’t get it, man.

Look, I’m all for kids’ imagination being encouraged. It’s just that… I
have never had an imaginary friend when I was younger. I made up stories
and played with anything I could get my hands on, yes, but I never had
one imaginary friend that I could physically see or that I could pretend
was real without getting bored.

Maybe my daughter Ramona took after her mom. I wouldn’t know - we
separated as her addiction spiraled out of control, and I heard she’d
died a few years back. I had to just take Ramona in the middle of the
night when she was a baby and leave and, after some court dates and a
not so rough battle for custody, I was left with her. Ramona’s mom was a
heroin addict and she would do other stuff too, hallucinate. I sometimes
secretly thought that Ramona’s friend and ability to see things was due
to the drugs her mom consumed while she was pregnant with her. I’m
surprised Ramo was healthy considering all the shit her mom did. Maybe
it took a toll on her mental health.

I don’t hate my kid, I know it sounds like that. I just struggle to
understand why she seems so affected by this imaginary friend of hers.
To the point where she actively searches for their support and approval
and saves them a seat at her table. It’s fucking creepy sometimes. I
thought it could be her mom haunting us, but I’m not so sure.

“Are they a guy of a girl?” I asked Ramo.

“I don’t know, they don’t speak. I call them a he just because that’s
what I like.”

“Okay, but how does he look like?”

“Neither a guy or a girl, dad.”

She called him Mr. Click because he talked to her just in clicks. She’d
imitate the clicks she heard by using her tongue or her pen. Sometimes
she’d sit by me and click her pen as if she was talking to him. For a 6
year old, Ramo’s awfully smart and intuitive.

Sometimes, she’d just sit in the hallway and stare at something, or tilt
her head to listen. She started doing that at night, and I would wake up
to her silhouette in the doorway. She said she was listening to me
breathe. That she heard people sometimes died randomly in their sleep
and that she was scared now.

“Where’d you hear that?”

“Mr. Click told me.”

“Right. And that’s not concerning to you?” I asked, half-joking.

“No. He’s always been real with me.”

“Does he like me?”

“We don’t talk about you, dad!”

“But what do you talk about?”

“Lots of stuff.”

“Mom?” I had to ask.

She shook her head. “They don’t get along too well.”

That was such an odd thing to say. I was a little taken aback, but at
least Mr. Click deemed me as unimportant. “Well, Ramo, just remember
that you don’t do anything he asks you to do. Never open any window or
swallow anything he tells you to.”

“That’s so stupid. He’s not going to ask me to do that.” She didn’t seem
so sure of herself, though.

“Does he follow you around, this… Mr. Click?”

“No. He rarely leaves the house. Most of the time it’s just you and him.
He sleeps in your room, you know?”

My throat went dry. “Mmh. W-why?”

She shrugged. “Ask him.”

Months passed, and her behavior stayed the same. It didn’t get worse or
better, and I sort of wanted her to forget about him. I hoped she’d
outgrow him. Because my job didn’t allow me to spend too much time home
and out of fear of leaving Ramo alone, I would send her off to her
grandma’s (my mom) for weeks on end during the holidays. “Does Mr. Click
like grandma?”

“I told you, he’s always at home with you.” Ramo always talked to me as
if I was some dumb kid who needed explaining.

I am 35. I’m a man. I’m pretty athletic. I’m not some pussy who gets
scared of fake ghosts. Did the thought of Mr. Click looking at me occur
to me while alone in our apartment? Yeah, sometimes. I never let it get
to my head.

See, our apartment is built like this: You enter into a small hallway
with a closet, which opens into an open space kitchen and living room.
On the other side, another hallway that’s long enough for some darkness
to gather ends in our bathroom with no windows. On the sides of the
hallway, four doors: my bedroom, hers, my working space / gym / storage,
and another tiny closet with the washing machine and central heating. So
I can see the entirety of the hallway from the front door, my living
room and a tiny section of my bedroom. The hallway, as I said, doesn’t
connect to any windows and if the doors to the other rooms are closed
it’s almost completely dark. I had a light there that just went dimmer
and dimmer until it ended up glowing sickly. I need to change it, but
it’s so hard to find a lightbulb for that specific lamp, apparently.

I described the apartment because I sometimes got creeped out by the
hallway when I was alone. I would be in the kitchenette and I’d get this
feeling of being watched, turn to see the dark hallway. I kept thinking
about Mr. Click. Why did I feel safer with Ramo in the house?

It may be because I was always a little fearful and superstitious. How’d
that quote go… “I’m not superstitious, I’m a little stitious.” Yeah.

I was also paranoid about break ins, which wasn’t totally unjustified.
Last week, I was in the bathroom, brushing my teeth in silence, when I
heard the front door lock unlock.

I immediately froze and widened my eyes. I stood there, heart barely
beating, breath slowed down, dizzy and unsure of what to do. I had the
type of mechanical lock that theoretically could be broken into from the
outside, with pins, and I had just heard that very thing happen.

Do I get out? Do I lock myself in the bathroom?

I brought my forehead to the door and listened. As hard as I could. For
footsteps. For anything.

Nothing. Nothing at all. On one hand, I was glad they’d picked a moment
when Ramo wasn’t home. I put the foamy toothbrush back in the holder,
silently spit some toothpaste without rinsing, and wiped my sweaty hands
on my shirt. Then, I grabbed the toilet brush, ready to shove it into
the intruder’s eye. I turned the doorknob quietly, then turned the light
off in the bathroom to not draw any attention. I slowly opened the door
and looked out.

I could see the darkness stretch to the moonlit living room, and my
closed front door. I stepped out carefully, panicked and blurry-eyed.
Slowly, I checked every single room in the house, my back to the wall. I
found no one. When I made it to the front door and tried it, I found out
that it had always been locked. No break in, even thought I heard the
lock break.

I know you probably figured it out by now. What sound does a lock make
when it breaks? A click.

I heard a click. And it was loud enough in my ear. Was I hanging out
with Mr. Click in the bathroom all this time?

I got sick from that thought. Fear usually has a very prominent effect
on me - it makes my stomach hurt.

I drove to my mother’s house that night.

The next day, I talked to Ramo and told her I’d heard Mr. Click for the
first time. It felt safe to have this conversation with her away from
him.

“I don’t think it was the first time.”

“How do you know?” Remember when I said that Ramo is very intuitive and
smart?

“Well, sometimes you yell at me to stop playing with the lights. I’m
not. You just hear him and mistake it for the sound of me turning them
on and off.”

I clenched my jaw. What the fuck. What the fuck.

“Mmh. Okay. Okay… yeah, um. How does he look like?”

“I can’t describe.”

“Is he at least human? Human shaped?”

“Why does it matter?”

I felt a heavy weight drop on my chest. I had to see this motherfucker
who was clicking in my house. Ramo noticed I was distraught. “Have you
listened to what he says, dad?”

“I don’t care. We don’t know his intentions. I’m scared for us, Ramo.”

“He’s been saying purple eyes a lot lately. I don’t know why. And
sometimes he complains to me that you ignore him. He said he’d like to
swap places with you, and that he might, and I won’t be able to tell the
difference. That’s a really weird thing, but I’m sure he has good
intentions.”

It was a little heartbreaking to hear that Ramo was so desperate to see
the good in her only friend that she believed he was as pure as her. We
made a plan. We’d turn him into a ghost. That way, I could see him too.
I was glad Ramo was communicative and willing to trust me.

We came back in the house a few days later. I asked my girl to signal to
me when he was nearby, and she did. I was cooking dinner, and that’s
when Ramo gave me a sign that Mr. Click was there. I went over and took
a bedsheet, then we silently exchanged some looks that indicated a
general area where I’d… operate.

I threw my arms out and let the bedsheet fall over the empty space she’d
indicated.

As I did that, my mind laughed at me. It was a little ridiculous. It
would fall flat, but at least I’d get to prove to Ramo (and maybe to
myself) that he wasn’t real. I was a literal grown man who was scared of
a few clicks. Fuck’s sake.

In that fraction of a second, as the bedsheet passed the level of my
head, I let out a sigh of relief that froze halfway through my throat.

The bedsheet showed the outline of a hunched person, a little shorter
than me, neck perked up and head tilted, as if they were listening.

I froze and stared at the hanging bedsheet. I was in shock, and you
don’t think clearly in those situations. I half expected it to lunge at
me, but it just remained like that. I stared at the round outline of the
head, my ears ringing from the high blood pressure. I backed away, not
turning away from Mr. Click for a second, grabbed Ramo’s hand and pulled
her to the door. As we reached the hallway, he disappeared from my
vision.

Keys. Fuck.

I lunged to the bowl, grabbed the keys. When I did that, the spot where
Mr. Click had remained came into sight again. This time, the sheet was
thrown on the floor.

I shrieked and got the fuck out. I didn’t even check to see if I’d left
the stove on or not.

“Did he follow us?” I asked Ramo in the car.

“I’m not sure. He won’t let me see him anymore. I worry he’s angry.”

“Fuck him.”

Ramo was awfully quiet as I drove to my mother. Another parent would
have claimed she was just in shock, but I knew there was something she
was not telling me. “What is it, baby?”

“I heard his clicks as we were going downstairs.”

“And?”

“I don’t know. He said we forgot our coats.”
