NSFW/TRIGGER WARNING: SUICIDE

I’ve been keeping this as a diary log on my laptop and am now going to
upload it onto Reddit so you guys can tell me if I’m going crazy or not.
My friend’s grandma has chosen me as a host for her next body, and I
have no clue how to prevent it from happening. Please help. The date of
this upload is 04/07/22 - the 4th of July 2022. 

3rd February 2022

A few weeks ago, Sienna’s grandma “Bibi” passed away. She’s asked me and
some of her guy friends to help clear out Bibi’s house - as it was being
sold due to financial issues her family had been going through. We
agreed, naturally, because her grandma had just passed away - we
couldn’t just say no, could we? I’m going to bring some food and my
speakers to make the task more bearable because no offence to Big Mama
Bibi, but her house is not only dusty but is soo creepy. Like, weird
statues that stare at you as you go round the house creepy. I’ve visited
it only once before and honestly had nightmares for a week after. I’ve
only agreed because it would be terrible to say no to your grieving best
friend, right? 

7th February 2022

Today was so weird. I literally feel like I’m being watched as I write
this. I should’ve never agreed to help Sienna, grieving or not, I knew
I’d regret it. So we went to clean out her grandma’s creepy house,
right? At first it was actually really fun. We’d all brought snacks and
had turned the cleaning into a massive competition, with points for who
could clean out their designated room the fastest. I was in second
place, with one of the guys she’d invited in first, when he came across
a door in Bibi’s room. He’d called Sienna into the room to ask if she
had a key to open it so he could clear out whatever was behind the door.
Obviously, in a typical horror movie way, she didn’t. I walked into the
room next, boasting about the fact that I knew how to pick locks and,
pulling out a few hairpin from my hair, I tried to show off and unlock
the door. It didn’t unlock, embarrassingly, and I was trying to laugh
off my boldness, when the guy in the room with us decided to knock on
the locked door. I had jumped and pushed him, swearing and asking wtf he
thought he was doing. He’d laughed at me then Sienna joined in, calling
me a “p*ssy”.  They’d left the room together to join the other one of
her friends, leaving me there in that creepy, musty room. I’d rushed out
of the room, then left the house in a mood. After checking Uber prices,
I decided to walk home when I heard a whisper behind me. I turned
around, and no one was there. It scared the sh*t out of me so I decided
to waste my money on an Uber to ensure that I got home safe, and am
sitting here now writing all this, and feeling watched. 

8th February 2022

I’m honestly so tired of Sienna, I do everything for her and she treats
me like sh*t constantly. She knew I was scared of her grandma’s house
and instead of making sure I was okay, she decided to mock me with her
little boyfriend instead. I don’t care if this is me being sensitive, I
want to cut her off, I don’t need people like her in my life.

10th February 2022 

Sienna’s little boyfriend messaged me today, the one who’d knocked on
the door. I finally got his name, it’s Gio, probably short for Giovanni.
I think he’s Italian or something. He’s not actually her boyfriend!! He
messaged me and said that he was sorry for laughing at me about the door
incident and that he’d been feeling a little scared after he’d gotten
home. I told him that he shouldn’t be stupid, that it was only a door
and I’d been dumb for acting all spooked. 

I actually do still feel a bit scared, he can’t know that though 📷.
He’d then asked me if I wanted to go out with some time and I agreed
because why not? We arranged a little date for the 15th (after
Valentines obviously) and I’ll see how it goes from there. 

14th February 2022

Today I woke up around 4pm which is really out of the norm for me. I’m
usually awake by 8am, or 10am if I’ve slept late. I slept around 1am, so
I’m not sure how I managed to sleep for 15 hours. 

15th February 2022

I’m really not feeling myself this morning. I’ve been having really
weird and random memories of things I’ve never experienced - but they
were definitely memories, not my imagination acting up. I also keep
mentally replaying Gio knocking on that door and feeling surges of
anger. I’m going out with him later so I hope that goes well. 

17th June 2022

I completely forgot about this diary I was keeping. Me and Gio made it
official around 3 months ago and are planning something cute for our 3
month anniversary! I haven’t slept in or felt off since that morning of
the 15th Feb so everything has honestly been great for me. Sienna and I
aren’t really close anymore but I’m happy with that. Her grandma’s house
was sold to a middle aged couple with no kids so I’ll never have to step
foot in there again, thank gosh. 

25th June 2022

On the 19th June 2022, Gio passed away. We’d decided to have our
anniversary celebration in California, and ended up on top of a tourist
attraction called Big Sur Cliffs. Whilst we were on top of the cliff,
Gio decided to jump from it and was pronounced dead at the scene. I’ve
been distraught this past week. I don’t know how to live without him.
I’m feeling survivors guilt and I feel like a part of it was my fault.
Why did he jump on our three month anniversary? Was it something I said,
something I did? Was it me? I feel responsible. I don’t know how to
carry on. 

26th June 2022

I managed to sleep today, which is good, but I had a really disturbing
dream. In my dream, I was watching as an outsider whilst Bibi (Sienna’s
grandma) and Gio were arguing on the cliff. She was shouting about how
disrespectful he had been to knock on her mothers door. He was sobbing,
saying that he didn’t realise the door had belonged to her mother, and
apologising. He kept saying “Spare her. Spare her, please”. Then in my
dream Bibi and I had merged into one somehow, though I had no control
over my body, she did. She’d laughed and told him that if he jumped, she
“would”. He walked to the cliff’s edge, and jumped with no hesitation. 

I’m awake now and I feel so on edge. What kind of sick dream was that? 

30th June 2022

I’m starting to think the “her” of Gio’s pleadings is me. I feel crazy
but I can’t remember the day he passed away too clearly. I remember
being on the cliff and I remember him jumping off, but I don’t remember
what led up to that event. I’m starting to feel like I’m not fully in
control of my body. 

This is my diary log till date. I’ve decided to upload it onto Reddit to
see if anyone has gone through something like this before. I don’t know
if this is part of survivor’s guilt or is part of something deeper. 

Update: 7th July 2022

I’m planning to visit Bibi’s house tomorrow. I want to see what was
behind that door. I don’t know how I’ll get passed the couple who own
the house now, but I will. Something behind that door drove Gio to his
suicide. I know it. 

Update: 8th July 2022 

I’m running and typing this so sorry for any mistakes in test you might
see. Bibi’s family has been planning to sue my body as a host for her
body. Bibi’s family being her parents, who are the hosts of the middle
aged couple who bought the house. They decided the first time I walked
into the house, all those years ago. Gio didn’t even play a part in it,
Bibi just felt disrespected and used my body to convince him to commit.
Behind the door are their corpses, in some sort of advanced fridge.
They’ve been perfectly preserved. I’m so scared right now. I don’t want
to die. I don’t know where my soul will go if she takes my body. I’m
only 19. I’m running as fast as I can but I’m feeling weaker by the
second. I don’t know who’s body was cremated but it wasn’t Bibi’s. Her
body is behind that door with her parents. I don’t know if Siennas had
anything to do with. This. I don’t know if sienna is even sienna or some
random host. I feel like everything has been a lie. Shskdodjdj

20th October 2022 

Hello everyone! I have just found this story on this platform Reddit! My
mother always said I had the wildest imagination. I can not believe I
wrote it myself! I hope you all enjoy this piece of fiction I wrote.
Good day to you all. God bless.
