His name was Sean.

We used to attend the same elementary school together. He joined our
class during the second year and left somewhere in the fifth year. I
cannot remember the reason he abandoned us, but it surely came out of
nowhere. While it is difficult to pinpoint the exact day of his
departure, I have vague memories of the hurt I experienced during that
time. I liked Sean, and to my knowledge he shared these feelings.

There was a very brief period, at most a few days, when I tried to find
out anything about my friend’s disappearance. My brain can force out a
scene in which I was interviewing two of my classmates about Sean’s
whereabouts, and them not treating it seriously. The thing is, I used to
be a rather shy kid who abandoned any grand plan not supported by the
almighty adults. I did not believe in myself and slowly but surely just
gave up on my quest.

Elementary school was ages ago, though. After you leave it you grow,
experience things, gain new memories, meet new people, and slowly but
surely that precious time morphs into bland information about the first
steps you have taken. There are duties of the present world awaiting
you, and the faces of the past hide deep in the corners of your mind.
High school, college, the job market—and at a certain point I lost
everything resembling contact with my school peers, including Sean.

That was until a very special day.

It all began as I was cutting some vegetables for dinner. I had been at
my parents’ place visiting and was about to leave in two days for some
job interviews. The day was rather calm, even boring. My mom was helping
me with the dish and my dad was cleaning the basement. A typical
Saturday afternoon.

Eventually my dad entered the kitchen, holding something in his hand.
His face was unusually lit up, with a huge grin. He walked up to the
table I was sitting at, put something next to the desk with the cut
vegetables, and loudly exclaimed:

“Remember?”

After which he walked out of the room laughing cheerfully. I put down
the knife so as not to hurt myself and stared at the mysterious item.

A wave of warm nostalgia swept through me.

It was a photo of me at the end of third grade in elementary school.
After a few seconds I realized the photo had been taken at some family
festivity the school organized every year, which I loved, by the way. I
had a big cowboy hat on top of my head, which looked quite comical on a
skinny child. There were two other boys standing next to me in the
photo. The one wearing a greenish tie I quickly identified as Chris, one
of my closest friends. The other boy had hidden himself well, as he had
full-face zombie makeup, but after a few more seconds I realized he was
Kenny. I felt a hint of discomfort, as he was a bit on the bully side
and had shared a few fights with me.

There was, however, another person in the photo. Well, a person was
maybe an exaggeration. There was a hand on Kenny’s shoulder and a small
portion of somebody’s hair. Not a lot of hints, but I accepted the
challenge and tried to force a person out of my memory. Light brown
hair, pretty longish—maybe it was a girl? Impossible; we weren’t friends
with a lot of girls back then. Who could it be… Aha, got it!

With excitement I walked up to my mom to show her the hidden treasure. I
explained to her who was who and we both shared laughs, reminded of the
good old days. That was until the moment I tried to describe the owner
of the lonely lock of hair.

“Now, it’s difficult to determine, but there’s one more guy here. See
this hand on Ken’s shoulder? That’s Sean, remember him?”

I met my mom’s gaze, but it wasn’t what I expected. She had a hint of
curiosity mixed with an invitation to laughter.

“I’m sorry, who?”

“Sean, mom. That shorter kid whose father was a beekeeper. He left in
the fifth grade.”

I let out a quick giggle and my mom joined me. There was a hint of
nervousness to that. After a second of silence, as if we were both
trying to find something funny about the situation, my mom said the
words that burned into my head:

“Darling, your class wasn’t the biggest and I’m pretty sure I remember
every kid that was a part of it. And as far as I’m aware there was no
Sean among your peers.”

Imagine the creeps running through my backside. Either my mom had made a
really convincing prank (which she was usually really bad at) or there
was something fishy happening. Maybe I had switched up the names?
Impossible. Sean was one of my biggest friends in elementary school, and
while it was ages ago, you don’t forget the basic details about your
favorite people.

I asked my mom if she was kidding and she swore she wasn’t. My dad
returned to the kitchen and I invited him into the conversation. I waved
the photo he himself had found around and tried to get some information
out of him. But the words he said, very convincingly shall I say,
pointed to the same conclusion my mom had reached.

Neither of them remembered a kid named Sean in my class.

That was the beginning of my search for the friend that did not exist.

After making sure neither of my parents was joking, I—still rather calm
and simply curious—decided to look through the family albums. Our school
kept taking group photos of each class every year. My parents bought one
copy every time from the photographer and put them into the album
dedicated only to me. It took just under five minutes to find all the
photos positioned next to each other. My strategy was to put a name to
every single face and see if anybody was missing. With that I could
exclude the kid who might or might not be named Sean.

Feeling like Sherlock Holmes and actually having fun, I kept identifying
the people I stored in the back of my memory. Classes 1 and 6 had nobody
unnamed now, which made sense considering Sean wasn’t in the school
then. But quickly I realized the faces in class 2 were exactly the same
as in the previous photo. A disturbing feeling crept up inside me as the
same situation happened with class 3. Then over and over again, until I
repeated checking class 6. It was clear as day.

I knew all the kids in these photos and none of them could have been
Sean.

Creeps took the place of curiosity as I realized something foul was in
the air. Creeps followed me back to my place where I got mixed into
adult responsibilities. Yet I did not stop thinking about Sean. Hell, I
might have failed a job interview because of the mindset that event had
put me in.

With enough free time, I decided to dig into the mystery. I always used
to love watching crime thrillers on TV with my folks; then I moved into
detective novels and ARG playing in my youth. I cannot lie that the
distressing events of the previous days left a seed of curiosity inside
of me that wanted to grow and flourish. In simple words, I enjoyed this
hunting.

I found the school peers I was aware existed through Facebook and hit
them up. Most of them were really good at pretending they missed me and
joined the small talk. With each of the ones that responded I quickly
steered the conversation toward the Sean-boy. I showed them the photo my
dad had found and asked about any memories with the mysterious child. I
knew the memories were hazy, but all I wanted was a hint that could lead
me anywhere.

Their reactions were different. Some laughed the situation off, some got
really curious, some were annoyed and thought I was wasting their time.
There was even the old Kenny, who jumped into playful insults that
entertained nobody but him (dumbass never changed…). Yet they all shared
a detail I didn’t wish for.

Nobody knew anything about Sean. About his current whereabouts, about
his personal info, even about the past we had had together. The kid had
disappeared into thin air.

At that moment I felt as if my life had turned into a Franz Kafka book.
I genuinely thought I was either going mad. Or I might have been
lobotomized, drugged, hypnotized. There is somebody deeply coded into my
brain who had been my friend in elementary school and was named Sean.
While my confidence evaporated, something deep inside hinted it was the
truth. Too detailed to be a dream, too hazy to be a clear memory. But it
was the truth.

Somewhat terrified, I changed the strategy. Old-school style, with a
piece of paper and a pen, I began writing down every small memory I had
with the kid that lay deep inside my memory. The first step was thinking
of definite real things—classrooms, playgrounds, festivities, football
matches, school trips. Then trying to stitch them with my friend. If I
could not join the pieces together I left the thought alone. But if
something hinted at Sean being connected to the place or the event, I
dwelled on it until I had enough details to write something down.

With that I ended up having nine events on the paper. While it seemed a
terribly small amount for more or less four years of sharing a life,
that time was so far away I was thankful for anything.

I won’t describe every single detail. Most of these memories were rather
uninteresting problems of a little child. Ice skating, cheating on a
math exam, getting stung by a bee… However, there were two incidents
which gave me the goosebumps as I dwelled on them. Hidden deep inside my
mind they rested blissfully, but brought to the light of day they
awakened a new fear swimming through my adult skin.

The first incident happened at Chris’s birthday party. I don’t remember
the exact year it took place, but it must have been between the second
and fifth grades as Sean was there. I was quite happy for him to be
there, as his free time was mostly spent helping his dad with the work.
While I felt bad for him, his prize for tough days was swimming in a
lake near his home. I envied him for that.

We were at Chris’s place, rummaging through the house to the despair of
the birthday boy’s parents. The entire class was invited and it got
really loud and chaotic. At a certain moment I fell headfirst into this
juvenile excitement that only happens in adulthood when you take drugs.
Running with the boys through the upper floor’s corridor, joyful with
laughter, I suddenly heard Sean’s scream right next to my ear:

“Come here, quickly!”

I turned my head to see his silhouette running to the bathroom for some
reason. After crossing the door his laugh faded out along with his
steps. While it seemed odd, because everyone ran to Chris’s room at that
time, I began to follow Sean, mindlessly joining the fun he was
spreading. I walked through the bathroom door and observed…

Nothing. There was nobody in the bathroom but my reflection in the
cabinet mirror.

The first thing I felt was the fun-infused confusion. I skimmed through
the places a boy could hide and saw no trace of any disturbance. Nobody
behind the shower curtain, nobody behind the washing machine, nobody
nowhere. This bathroom might have been the only place not disturbed by
the kids in the house.

I remember the sudden wave of loneliness I felt during that time, as if
I were a prey being hunted. Writing the situation down, I could not
believe how vulnerable I was in a house seemingly full of people. All
the childish fun and excitement were replaced by fear.

I do not remember exactly what followed, but I did run out of the
bathroom. A blank space in time and suddenly I’m near Chris as his mom
is cutting the cake, giving a piece to every guest. In contrast,
everyone was all happy and calm in that moment, sharing love and
respect. It’s like nobody even acknowledged the panic that spread
through me just before. The weird thing is I also don’t remember Sean
during the cake-eating time. Not like he disappeared, just not present,
possibly hiding somewhere where my senses could not reach.

The second incident took place in a forest near my elementary school. It
was a planned walk through the woods, a cool form of physical education
the entire class enjoyed. Sean especially loved it, as hiking through
the forests around his house was something he had grown up on. We always
used to do it whenever the sun was shining bright and warm, not
accompanied by rain or snow. I remember the beautiful greenery mixed
with the laughs of my friends filling me with peace and joy. Except for
that one day.

We were halfway through the path already. The furthest point we had from
our school, only a 15-minute walk away, yet still problematic for a kid
who could get lost and panic. The heavy branches of the trees stole away
the sun’s light and crafted relatively the darkest portion of the path.
While I had lots of fun during our walks, that exact place filled me
with suspense.

At that time, the PE teacher was the first in line, followed by kids in
pairs. Because we lacked a second adult who could be at the very end,
the last pairs were responsible for checking if the two kids right
behind them were present. While not a perfect solution, it always seemed
to work out.

I don’t remember my pair, but I was second to last and Sean was the last
one. Actually, he tried to get into a three with me and my mysterious
partner, yet at a certain point the road was too narrow and he had to
walk alone. Being a good kid I was, I kept checking for Sean every
minute even though I was aware of his presence behind me. One time I did
look back, though, and saw something peculiar.

Sean was standing far behind us, staring deep into the dark forest.

While I wish I could know how he got there so quickly, I didn’t think
about it at the moment and ran to get my best friend. My mysterious
partner didn’t join me, maybe because he was lazy or afraid, so I ran
alone. I screamed for Sean, yet he seemingly ignored me and kept
staring. Frightened, I ran close toward him and asked whether he was
fine. I was afraid something bad might have happened to my pal. Instead,
he looked at me with something quite unusual for him—a serious face. My
adult body actually felt a lump in my throat, remembering his big,
scared eyes and mouth hanging open, which awakened terror with just a
couple of words:

“They’re following us through the bushes. Run!”

The most disturbing part about that sentence was the relatively calm way
the words escaped Sean’s mouth. He did not scream, nor did he whisper as
some sort of performance. He just said it casually, still keeping that
serious expression without the slightest change.

You could imagine what the little, naive me felt in that moment. The
memory gets hazy here, but I believe that I ran toward the group without
a care if Sean was following. I remember how dark the forest was around
me and how lost I felt, even though it was not more than a minute of
running until I joined my class. I also can point out a sensation of
disgust when my eyes quickly darted through the bushes near the path I
ran through. I obviously saw nothing unusual, yet that lack of something
might have been even more disturbing.

These are the two events that stood out from the rest. Sean was truly
one of a kind of a prankster, considering he did in fact exist. I was
still in contact with some of my former classmates and asked them about
these moments. While chatting and explaining the details I quickly went
through the list again in hopes I had missed something. Truly nothing
out of the ordinary. Ice skating, cheating on a math exam, getting stung
by a bee… Huh, that last one wasn’t so pleasant. I always hated bees!
I’ve been stung by these bastards at least six times in my life and most
of it was near the beehives of…

It was then when I got the hint I needed completely out of the blue.

Sean’s father was a beekeeper. I was quite confident of that; I even
told it to my mom when we were first discussing the mystery of Sean. I
got stung several times by the insects the man owned. Then another
thought appeared. After one of these unpleasant events Sean gave me the
secret to ease the pain a little. It was his way of stopping his muscles
from hurting after a tough day helping his dad. He would sink his frail
body in the…

Lake near his house. Surrounded by the beautiful trees he used to hike
in.

At that moment I was confident I was at Sean’s place. Nobody remembered
the guy and with that his house, but I was there. And now I needed to
find it.

It was an uncertain lead, as I had been there a long time ago. I didn’t
remember the year I visited Sean nor the location of his house. Even if
I found the exact place, nobody related to the mystery friend could
still live in the house and the beehives might have been long gone. But
at that point I was desperate to know and I searched for a house with
beehives near a wooded area and a lake.

I won’t describe the entire process of getting there, but after hours of
flirting with Google Maps and getting to know every single detail, I
might have found the place. There was a house fitting the description I
was looking for. Even though it proved difficult, Street View graced me
with a group of beehives some distance behind the house and a path to a
lake just at the end of the street. While it wasn’t concrete evidence, I
had the gut feeling I had found my mystery boy’s house. Something deep
inside of me hinted at it. There was, however, a distressing detail.

Even if you drove by car, it would take three hours to reach our
elementary school from that house.

It seems dumb, but I’m going there next week. Wish me luck.
