____________

My mother is the one that coined that nickname for me a few days after I
announced I was going to get top surgery. 

I think she was trying to be a little supportive, in her own old school
way. 

“So I guess I won’t get to call you Gavin anymore. What do I call you
then? Noname?,” she texted. 

I had just sent a wall of text, the reasons why I didn’t feel
comfortable calling myself that name and why I was moving forward, and
that was her response. Short, a little snarky, but also just a hint of
acceptance. 

I decided not to make a fuss about it, relieved that after three years
of fighting with her about this she wasn’t doing more than that. 

My partner River told me this just step one of the process, next I
needed to go viral. “We’ve been dancing around this too long. Once you
put it out there in the universe it’s like you’re making a pact with
yourself. Saying this is what you’re going to do. Manifestation I think
it’s called.” 

So I did. June 1st to start celebrating Pride I started a gofundme to
help get funds for the surgery. I thought it was a little ironic that I
had to link my Facebook to the website and I hadn’t altered anything on
new my profile yet to reflect my intentions. So when I posted it the
full heading was “Donate to help Noname get his Top surgery” 

“When are you ever going to fill that in?” River asked. 

“I can’t until it’s official. Like you said, manifesting it makes it
real. I don’t want to speak my real name until I feel that it belongs to
me,” I responded. 

I can’t tell you how nerve wracking it was to set that all up and post
it. Most of my friends irl still weren’t onboard with this, some had
already blocked me and shown their true colors. Posting the go fund me
only confirmed my suspicion for about thirty more people. 

And by the end of the week I’d earned only about 250$ dollars. 

I know I shouldn’t complain? That was honestly more support than I
anticipated. But my insurance required the down payment to be 8000 from
me because it was considered cosmetic. 

I even double checked to see if a recommendation from my counselor would
help, he’s known what I have had to go through more than anybody. But it
didn’t move the needle any closer to that goal. 

After I got several emails from gofundme on the second week asking if I
still wished to keep waiting for donations I impulsively shut it down
and when I got that money I just ran to the nearest bar and started
drinking myself to death. 

“Here’s to manifesting destiny,” I slurred as I raised my glass to the
bartender after my second or thirteenth shot. I really didn’t care. 

“Rough night. Somebody die?” A voice to my left asked. 

They were wearing the most flamboyant outfit I’d seen that night, a
bright red bra overtop of a blue and silver holster top and ripped jeans
that had stars and strings all over them that were mixed with glitter
and something metallic. And in the back of the holster was a ripped up
black wing on the left and what looked like a devil tail on the right
dangling next to their belt. 

I wasn’t sure if it was the alcohol or the lighting but my first thought
was they didn’t even look human. “What are you supposed to be? Demiurge
or something?” 

“Or something. But hey you should be nice to the guy that just paid for
your next five rounds of drinks,” they responded as they got a little
closer to me. Their breath smelled of whiskey and blood. 

“Or am I misreading the room?” They asked, grudgingly gesturing oward my
own colorful outfit. 

“I have a partner,” I told them. 

“Don’t see them in here drinking your worries away with ya. Ah let me
guess, they are the sensible one? And you, you know better. You know
things aren’t going to get any better,” the Demi remarked. 

“I was supposed to get surgery, make it official,” I said pointing
toward what I was wearing, the black push up bra and remarking, “But
that ship has sailed. I don’t have even a quarter of what I need for the
cost. Might as well use it on something else tonight.” 

“Ah. I get you. You know, I think you’re pretty quick to give up. I
mean, have you ever considered alternatives?” 

The music grew a little louder and I asked them what they meant. The
stranger shrugged and remarked, “Everyone always thinks they have to go
the professional route. That’s a scam if you ask me.” 

“Well I don’t exactly want to get a boob job in a back alley.”

“And why not? Listen, maybe you know you like to sit here and wallow in
vomit. But I bet deep down you know you’d do ANYTHING to make your real
life get started,” then he slid me a card with a phone number on it. 

“A friend of mine used them not long back and it was maybe 1000 at most.
Very reasonable and life changing.”

“Why give me this? You don’t even know me,” I commented. “Because I used
to be just like you sitting in a bar like this drinking away my
problems.” They winked and went into the crowd to dance as I stared at
the card. 

I didn’t want to think I was desperate. But I was already starting to
wonder if there was any other way to get what I wanted. 

River would say it was a bad idea. But what exactly did I have to lose?

I called the number as soon as I was outside the bar. 

“I can only put down 400… is that enough for an appointment?” I asked
when some gruff voice answered. 

They gave me an address and told me to be there the next evening at 6. 

________

“You okay?” 
I knew I must have been out like a light when I got home because the
next time I saw River I was pacing and hyping myself up to go to this
shady surgeon. 

“It’s nothing,” I said, leaving the apartment before they could start
asking too many questions. 

The address was halfway across town near the waterfront so I called an
Uber. Not sure why, I just didn’t want to take my own vehicle to
somewhere I I could wind up getting mugged. The place definitely gave me
vibes of being criminal, and when I got out of the Uber I instinctively
fidgeted for my keys to use them as a makeshift weapon. 

About ten minutes later an unmarked van pulled up and a black man rolled
the window down and told me to get in. 

“You’re here for the doc, right?” They asked when they saw my
hesitation. 

I nodded and offered the money but they refused and told me just to get
in. There was something in the back of the van covered up and when I
asked about it the black man just told me to buckle up. 

We drove away from that spot and somewhere out of town, I couldn’t tell
you where. When we finally did stop two men opened the back door and
took out whatever was covered up at my feet and then told me to follow
inside. From where I was sitting I thought for sure it looked like a
body from a morgue or something. 

Inside the building I found myself in what looked like a surgery room of
sorts with gurneys and medical equipment. A man in white mask I guessed
was the doctor started asking me rudimentary questions about my history
as they stripped me of my clothes. 

“What happens next?” I asked as he laid me down on a stretcher. I was
right next to the covered body. 

He pulled the sheet back and I found myself staring at something that
made my skin crawl. It looked exactly the way anyone would expect a
mannequin to be if they were covered in flesh, and he told me I needed
to fill out a short questionnaire of what I wanted my new me to look
like. 

“Wait. What. What do you mean! What is that thing,” I said as I kept
staring at the fleshy blank body. There were no distinctive features on
it at all, just a completely blank piece of art for the doctor to create
with. 

And from what I understood I was to be the canvas. 

“Relax. This is what you wanted isn’t it? To get the changes you wanted
so you could be your true self? There’s no need to be afraid,” the
doctor told me as they insisted I fill out the sheet of paper. 

I was trying to not panic. Everything about this felt wrong, it felt
off. When I saw that devoid bag of meat all I could think of were the
millions of things that could go wrong. 

“Can I… can I just call this off then? I’m not sure that I’m ready,” I
stammered. The doctor was examining me carefully, a look I had seen far
too many times from countless other people. It was a look of pity. He
felt sorry for me, perhaps because I was here in the first place or
because he didn’t think I even knew what I wanted or what was
happening. 

“Please don’t kill me,” I begged. 

The men that had brought me there exchanged looks and gave a hearty
laugh. The doctor pulled his mask down and gave me a friendly smile. “We
are not your enemy here. The only thing you’ve got to do is get out of
your own head. You can do this…” 

He pointed toward the door and shrugged saying that it was also
perfectly acceptable if I did leave. “However, this will be a one time
offer. As you can imagine what we are doing here isn’t entirely legal.
We can’t have anyone else trying to find us. Once you walk away, we
won’t ever answer any other calls. It will be as though this never
happened.” 

My fingers were clammy as I stared at the questions. 

Height. Weight. Gender. Hair color. It sounded so normal and yet I knew
it couldn’t be anything else but the real deal. 

The doctor sighed when he saw my insecurities and told the guards to let
me up so I could go. 

“Wait… wait. Give me a second,” I said as I started to clear my head. 
Wq
“What exactly are the side effects here? What will happen?” 

“I wish I could properly explain to you the process, it’s a lot of
scientific terms that are way above your pay grade. Suffice it to say
that the body you are in now will no longer be your cage. Once we make
all of the cosmetic adjustments to your new skin, your consciousness
will be transferred into the new host,” he said gesturing toward the
empty corpse. 

“As far as side effects are concerned… all of those nasty things will
happen to your old body. Nothing you will need to worry about.”

I pursed my lips together, tapping the pen against the line as I mulled
it over. “And what happens to the old body… to this one?” I asked. 

The doctor smiled. “Who cares? You’re paying for a blank slate. That’s
what you get. And at long last you can stop being just a Noname.” 

Something in that name triggered me, thinking of the times mom would
gently tease me. Or the times when I was in school and I refused to
answer roll call when they used my deadname. 

I wrote down blue eyes on the sheet and after that, I never looked
back. 

_________

Half hour later, I was strapped next to the empty husk and the doctor
was preparing me an IV. 

“Nervous?” The nurse asked. She was about my age and I nodded before
remarking, “How many times have you done this?” 

They showed me a mask where the drugs would put me to sleep and told me
to count down to 100. 

I think I made it to 92 before I started to have a fever dream. 

I was standing naked in a pool of water up to my knees and my reflection
was just below me. Except it wasn’t me, it was that empty husk. Every
move I made, it did the exact same as I rushed through the water. 

I tried to call out but there was no sound. I tried to pull myself from
the pool in the floor but never could. As I stood there I noticed that
the empty colorless skin that covered the husk was slowly beginning to
travel up my leg. 

I tried to scratch and scream as it moved rapidly across my body,
covering my chest and up to my neck as I frantically looked around. The
world felt dark a moment later. But I was still standing there. Except
now I was the husk. 

Below me I saw the old me begin to drift away from the reflection,
untethered. Eventually it drifted all the way to the opposite side of
the pool and stood there, staring listlessly at me. 

My old body raised a finger, opened its mouth and let out a high pitched
scream. At the same time I jolted awake, shaking and stirring as I heard
machines abuzz and nurses frantically trying to ascertain what was
happening. They were yelling so loudly and trying to keep me sedated as
I turned and saw my old body lying across the room, its dead eyes
accusing me as it shook and I shook at the same time. Electricity and
acid filled my lungs as the doctor demanded that I be put back under. 

The last thing I saw was my former self reaching toward me, black blood
pooling out of his mouth. 

________

The sound of a heart monitor and a television hummed in my brain the
next moment I was awake. 

My vision was blurry, and I felt extremely sore. I saw the weather
channel was on display and it looked like I had been out for three
days. 

“Thank the lord you are awake,” a nurse said when they saw my eyes
open. 

They asked if I was in any pain and if I needed anything. “There will be
an officer by later to take a statement. Please try to remember any
details.” 

I noticed on the chart it had the name Jane Doe and it just occurred to
me that they didn’t know who I was. 

Then I reread that. Jane Doe. 

“Do you have a cell phone?” I asked the nurse. 

They gave me one so I could see my face. So I could see my body.  As
soon as I did I was trying to not be in shock. 

I was at a loss for words. Every detail, every cut, everything I wanted
was exactly the way I wanted it. 

I was finally myself. 

I wanted to shed a tear but couldn’t find the strength. 

“Is there someone we can contact to let them know you are all right?”
The nurse asked. I gave them River’s information. 

Over the next hour two police tried to ask me details. They told me I
had been found near a shelter with no id, no fingerprints and nothing on
me. “There were no drugs in her system either. She’s a blank slate,” the
nurse told them. 

I reiterated that I had no idea what had happened to me. It was
partially true. I recalled the bizarre surgical center but I wasn’t sure
they would believe me anyway about that. 

I also claimed to have no memory of my identity so they kept it on paper
as Jane Doe. 

Then at last River showed up. 

When my partner entered the room, they looked confused. “I’m sorry.. I
think I’m in the wrong place.” 

Then I sat up and told them my name, my real name. And River froze in
place, taking a good hard look at me. 

“Really… that’s you? This is… this is you?”

I smiled, holding back tears. They were in shock. I think we both were.
“I wanted to surprise you,” I said. 

River closed the door and covered their mouth, saying it was a damn
miracle. “There are hardly any scars. I don’t even recognize you! How
did you do this??” 

“Does it matter?” 

They looked at my fingers, disturbed by the fact that even my prints
were missing and River took a step back before remarking, “How do I know
you are who you say you are? Tell me something besides what you already
did. Something only they could know.” 

I tried my best to not laugh, but I knew their concerns were valid. “You
have a mole on your left inner thigh that looks like Mickey Mouse.” 

“Dear god in heaven, this is real,” they said as they finally collapsed
into the hospital bed and touched my face. “You did it babe.” 

We cuddled like that for hours as I rested and recovered from whatever
they had done to me. Nurses checked on me and asked several questions
about whom else to notify, and also some intriguing things about
bloodwork and samples. Apparently my system was so clean it was almost
as though I had the same immune system as a newborn baby. 

“As a result we will need you to be vaccinated just to be on the safe
side,” they explained. 

I told them that was fine and they started rambling about the possible
effects given my age. But I was actually at that exact moment paying
attention to a news report. 

The headline said that a local downtown area was caught in a fire with
several unidentified bodies inside and I thought for sure I recognized
one of them as the exterior of the warehouse I had been in. River turned
up the volume. 

“….some say are still missing. The blaze was likely caused by one
individual, and eyewitnesses provided a sketch for authorities.” They
pulled up an image of the police sketch and my face went white as a
sheet. 

“Something wrong babe?” River asked and then looked at it as well,
looking just as disturbed. 

“I’m sorry, did you two know this person?” The nurse asked clearly
feeling out of the loop. 

“Sorrry… hmm sorry no. Uh… just eerie coincidence to someone we used to
know,” River said as she got up off the hospital bed and the nurse said
they would return shortly with the vaccine. 

“Okay. Enough with the lies. Who are you really.” 

“I swear I’m not lying. That person on the screen, that’s my old self.
My old body.” 

“What? What are you talking about?” 

I tried my best to quickly explain how the surgery worked. River stayed
quiet and thoughtful as I told them that the doctors claimed I would be
transferred to this new body. 

“They said I didn’t need to worry about the old body at all… I thought
that meant they dispose of it,” I said. 

River was tapping their foot, looking at the news again and remarking.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry this is too much.” 

They walked out before I could get in two more words. I sat up in the
bed and winced in pain, trying to piece together what the hell was
happening. Why was there now apparently an arsonist on the loose wearing
my old body? 

“Is your friend all right?” The nurse asked as they returned. 

“It’s been a long day… um. How soon can I get out of here?” I asked. 

“One these vaccines are in your system so I would say.. maybe by
tonight? And of course you’ll be signing discharge papers.” 

I nodded and thanked them and then decided to make a phone call. The
only person I knew might be able to help sort this out. 

“Hey! It’s Dee! You know what to do!” Mom’s voicemail chimed after a few
clicks. 

“Hey… umm. Mom… oh god. I just realized you don’t recognize this voice…
please. Please pick up…” I paused as I saw something out of the corner
of my eye outside the hospital and I nearly screamed. Then it clicked
off at the end of the voicemail and I hung up, trying to calm my nerves.
It had never occurred to me that no one would even recognize me or
believe me given what had changed. 

I need to get home. Get to the apartment and sort this out with River, I
told myself as I turned off the tv and called for the nurse again. 

“Can we hurry those vaccines up? I’ve got somewhere to be.”

________

Honestly I have never asked a cab to drive so quickly in my entire life.
I wasn’t even thinking about my new body, the only thing that mattered
was getting to River and figuring out what was happening. My heart would
not stop pounding until I made it to the apartment. 

And when I saw the door ajar, I knew something was wrong. 

“Call the police,” I told the driver as I tossed him a card that my
partner had given me earlier just for the hospital cafe. 

Then I entered the apartment as quietly as possible, my new heart
beating so fast that I swore anyone in a ten mile radius could hear it. 

I dared not call their name as I stepped into the living room, trying to
see if anything was out of place. Then I saw the trail of blood against
our new rug. 

I scanned the room, searching for anything that I could use as a weapon.
There was an old sports trophy from back when I was into track and
field. 

I grabbed it and moved slowly toward the kitchen. 

That was when I saw it standing there. I saw myself, what I used to be.
The deadname was looking out the window and holding something next to
the sink. That was when I realized they had slammed River’s hand into
the garbage disposal. 

My partner’s eyes widened as they saw me and suddenly let out a scream,
alerting the deadname to my presence.  Then they tossed River to the
floor. 

And at that instant, I lost it. 

I ran toward them, slamming the trophy into the back of their skull. 

Somehow it fought back, pushing me away as it kicked River against the
fridge  and turned toward me. All I could think of was how much I hated
to look at that face anymore. And so I started to swing and attack. The
deadname grabbed and twisted my arm, reaching for a butcher knife they
stabbed me in the side and I fell back. Despite the numerous injuries I
had quickly given it, the thing still stood as if nothing fazed it. 

“What the hell are you?” I asked as I tried to throw things at it and
distract it. The deadname remained silent, moving toward me slowly and
methodically. Was it even aware of what it was doing? I saw no life in
that old body. It was just a soulless abomination. 

I pushed my couch to block the kitchen entrance and made a run for it
out the door, trying to see if that cab was still in the area. But it
was getting late, the streets were almost empty now. 

A moment later I turned and saw the monster move out of the door, its
lifeless eyes searching for me. All I could do was run. 

Adrenaline took over my body as I ran down the streets, calling and
shouting for someone to help. 

But none of my neighbors would even recognize my new voice. Or even know
who I was. Would they accidentally help the thing that wore my old
face? 

I pushed into a playground and tried to hide, gasping for breath as I
frantically tried to think of what to do. 

The only way to stop this thing is to kill it once and for all. 

I tried to get a good look as it came down the street and searched for
me. Somehow it still had some memories tangled in that brain, that was
how it found River. So did it know everything about me? 

That means I need to stop acting like the old me then, I resolved as I
grabbed some sand and got ready to toss it in its face. 

Just as it got close I pushed the sand into its eyes and kicked it
straight into the groin. The deadname staggered back but didn’t even
make a sound of pain or discomfort. Then it grabbed me by the neck and
pulled me against the nearby tree. 

“Help!!! Help please!” I shouted as a nearby man and his dog got close.
The animal began to bark at the thing that was pinning me to the tree
and before the old man could react the dog got off of its leash and ran
to my aid. 

As the dog bit the ankle of the deadname, I dropped to the ground and
spit up blood before crawling away.  

The old man was trying to reprimand his dog as I shouted for him to get
away, then I heard the poor animal help and squeal as the soulless husk
bit at the dog and peeled off a part of its fur and snout, causing the
dog to run off in fear. 

The deadname looked at me next with half of the skin and fur still
dangling from its mouth. Then it ran toward me on all fours just like
the dog. 

I shouted for the old man to run as I did the same, scrambling toward an
intersection where a car had stopped to see what was going on. Just as
the driver stepped out of the car, I tried to shout for them to let me
in but all they showed me was concern and confusion. I didn’t have time
for that. 

Instinct kicked in and I slammed them with my fist grabbing their keys
and getting in just as the deadname barreled onto the back of the car. 

I hit the gas and started to drive in reverse. 

I managed to pin them against the same tree with the car, the alarm
blaring loudly as I kept the automobile there against their body and
searched for something to end this once and for all. 

The deadname somehow found the strength to push the car off, causing me
to buckle and fall into the backseat. And then I saw what looked like an
old school turtle hole cover, the kind that connects straight to the
trunk. 

The creature began to scrape and claw at the glass of the car, pushing
it apart and trying to reach for me as I did the opposite and pulled the
cover down, searching blindly for something in the trunk. 

It got ahold of my ankle and I tried to kick it away just as my fingers
wrapped around a tire jack. 

Then as they pulled me from the wreckage i slammed the tire jack against
their face. 

The deadname fell back in shock to the ground, hardly able to hold
itself up. But I knew only one thing would stop it for good. So I kept
slamming the tire iron into its face over and over and over. 

Until nothing was left except the crushed remains of its skull. 

I collapsed in a weight of sweat and tears alongside it, laughing and
screaming as the pain overwhelmed me. 

Somewhere amid all of it other people had shown up, and the last thing I
remembered from passing out was hearing a police siren. 

______

In the darkness, I was facing the reflection again. This time of my old
body, my old self come to collect from me. 

It examined my new face, my new body the way that a curious animal
might. As if I was on display at a zoo or something. 
As it reached to touch my cheek, I smacked its hand away. “Enough. This
is who I am now.” 

Then I turned and began to walk away. I could hear my old voice echoing
somewhere in the distance as the darkness faded. But I wasn’t listening
anymore. I was drowning toward the light this time. 

________

“Do you understand the question, ma’am? Do you require an attorney?” 

I was thinking that I felt a strange sensation in my stomach and
realized my wounds were treated when I heard the voice across from me
repeat those words. 

I was in a holding cell, the basic emergency care given by a nurse on
call and two officers were waiting to hear my statement. 

“Sir we got two officers from downtown saying a woman of her features
was discharged from the hospital about seven hours ago,” someone else
said over intercom. 

“Yes… yes that was me… I… it’s been a rough day,” I admitted weakly. 

“Given the fact that you’re looking at a homicide and an attempted
assault. I suppose you could say that, yes,” the cop told me. They
showed me pictures of my deadname and asked if I knew who it was. Then
they showed me some of the apartment where they found River. 

“According to friends and family we’ve spoken to they don’t know anyone
who matched your description as being connected to these individuals. So
again I suggest we start at the beginning and tell us who you are and
why one of them tried to hurt you. Did you try to kill their partner in
the apartment? Is this some kind of revenge?” 

“You… you wouldn’t believe me even if I tried to explain,” I told the
officer as I winced in pain. 

“Try me.” 

I sat back and said nothing, realizing I really hadn’t survived after
all. Maybe this was the price I really did pay for thinking I could ever
try and escape my old self. 

Just then another officer entered and they whispered amongst themselves.
They decided to let me rest for the night and also mentioned I should
think about who I could call in the morning. “I’d consider a lawyer,”
the officer remarked angrily as they left. 

The night gave me a chance to collect my thoughts and think. Then when
they came back I told them I knew who to call. River. If anyone can
believe me after this ordeal… 

It went to voicemail and I felt my voice crack as I tried to get them to
pick up. 

“Babe… I know you don’t believe this is me. I don’t know if you will
ever forgive me. But I promise… I promise you this is me. Please.
Please.. I need you now more than ever…” 

When it clicked off I went back to my holding cell and the officers told
me I would be questioned shortly. 

All I could think of was a life behind bars was now my future. 

But half hour later they told me River had posted my bail. 

“I’d get that lawyer though, ma’am. We will still be moving forward with
our investigation.” 

Outside I saw River in a sling and a black eye. 

I ran to them, trying my best to apologize over and over again for
everything. 

“I had to sell my car for the bail,” my partner told me. “I’m so so
sorry… I didn’t mean for this to happen. I didn’t know that thing
would…” 

River held up their one hand, not wanting to hear it. 

“I came to say goodbye. This is for saving my life the other night and
nothing more. We’re over.” 

They gave me a bag that still had some belongings and cash and assets
from my old life. 

I took a step back, shocked. “But… we can be together now. I’m… I’m who
I want to be now.” 

“I don’t know who you are anymore, but it’s not the person I fell in
love with,” River answered. 

“Now get away from me. Please. I’ve blocked your number too.”

“River. Don’t do this…” I said as they got into the nearby cab. “Please…
just. Don’t.” 

That was the last time I saw them. 

I wandered downtown, aimless. Lost. 

I eventually made my way to a subway station. 

I stood at the end of the line and thought about just leaping in front
of the rails. No one would even miss me. 

No one even knows who I am now. 

“Excuse me, I don’t think you should do that,” a voice behind me said. 

“Go away. You don’t know me,” I said softly. 

“Doesn’t matter does it? Be a shame to ruin that pretty face if you did
slip, eh?” they answered. 

“What do you care?,” 

“Somebody should.”

I took a step out toward the edge a little further. “I have nothing to
live for, I’ve lost everything. I don’t even have a fucking name.” 

“Well, let me give ya one then.” 

I paused, surprised by their kindness as I stared down at the rails. 

“What?”

“Let me see that pretty face and I’ll give ya a name eh? Seem fair?” 

I turn toward them. Tall, dark green hair, Irish probably. Wearing a
black grunge top and white slacks with heels. 

They had kind eyes. 

“See; a beautiful face like that deserves a beautiful name. Let’s make a
deal. How about I give ya one, you give me one and then we go out for a
pint.”

“I have so many problems, you wouldn’t even know where to begin,” I told
them. 

“Ah but I thought you said you were a nobody. Doesn’t that mean you can
just… disappear? Go far away and start fresh?” 

I bit my lip. In a roundabout way they were right. 

“And you’d what… come along for the ride or something?”

“I’m kinda digging the idea, yeah,” they said with a shrug. It made me
giggle. The first genuine laugh I’d had in days. 

“You remind me of this idiot I knew in junior high. Michael. Except
better looking. Guess that makes you a Mike.”

“Hmm. And I’m thinking for you? How does Lily sound?” 

Lily. 

I liked it. 

Actually I loved it. 

“So, now that us nobodies are somebodies.. how’s about we go make
something of ourselves?”
The train arrived four minutes later and we were on it together. Didn’t
know where. Didn’t matter. 

Maybe being a Noname really was something after all. 
