Next >

DAY 4

So. I want to start by saying that I understand the irony of what I’m
going to post and where I’m going to post it. Anyone who’s about to
leave a “clever” comment about it, possibly just keep it to yourself?
Please?

I’m sorry if I come across as testy. I’m not usually so high-strung. But
I haven’t been sleeping.

At all.

It started four days ago. I had a particularly vivid dream one night, in
which I was wandering through a field of tall grass. I came across my
own flat, sitting at the top of a hill. I live in Essex, by the way.
It’s not in the middle of an empty field, it’s close enough to other
people that I’m regularly treated to the sounds of my neighbour
practicing drums at ungodly hours of the night.

Anyway. I went inside, and, in that classic dream haze where I was
making decisions without, you know, making them, just sort of doing
things, I crept up the stairs. It was pitch black, and I was afraid to
go upstairs, but I did anyway, moving like molasses. I got to my own
room,  pushed open the door, and- I woke up. In my bed, in the middle of
the night. I looked over at the door, obviously, and saw that it was
cracked open, when I most definitely had closed it the night before.
(Sheila, my flatmate, practices moral relativism when it comes to my
privacy, so I never forget to close my bedroom door when I want to be
left alone.) There was a shape wreathed in shadow standing in front of
the crack.

Sorry for being wordy, I just want you to understand what I mean when I
say I jumped out of my bloody skin seeing that. For a full five seconds
or so I was in a blind panic, trying not to move or scream, before I
recognized the fuzz of my own bath towel hanging on the doorknob.

It was childish, maybe, to be that scared of literally nothing, but
dreams have a way of relieving us of all sense, at least for a bit.

Once my heartbeat was under control, I had to get up and get some air.
The clock read 2:03, but there was no way I was getting back to sleep
after that. I put on some tea, read, pet Sprinkles, and generally wasted
about three full hours, all the way up until I could hear the birds
chirping. Despite having gotten maybe half a night’s sleep, I found I
wasn’t tired, and got ready for work for the day.

Before I left, though, I ran into Sheila, who asked me something
strange.

“What were you doing last night, love?” she said.

“You heard me?” I asked, surprised.

“Well, sure. You were moving around and talking for a while.”

I frowned. That… didn’t track. I (unlike some people I could mention)
was very careful if I was up in the night not to do anything that could
wake people I lived with. I wouldn’t be surprised if she heard when I
put the kettle on, but talking? I hadn’t said anything all night. No one
was around but the cat.

“I don’t think I was talking,” I said. “When was this?”

“Oh… I don’t know. 1:30 or so.”

I froze for a second. I didn’t know what to say, so I mumbled out an
apology and said something about being late for work.

I haven’t slept since then. Not a wink. Every night, I lie down and try.
I turn on music, wear a mask, drink some milk, it doesn’t matter. I
don’t feel even the slightest bit tired. Eventually, I just get bored
and have to start doing something. I haven’t ever felt quite as lonely
as I have these last few nights. It’s really starting to scare me. I
scheduled an appointment with my doctor, but they can’t see me for at
least a week. They told me to go to the emergency room if I need to, but
I don’t think they really understood, or, at least, believed me when I
told them what was wrong. I think they interpreted what I said as “I
haven’t been sleeping much.”

I haven’t told Sheila yet. I just… don’t know how to approach it. I know
I ought to. I haven’t told Richard, my boyfriend, either. But that’s for
a different reason.

Aside from the doctor, you all are sort of the first people I’ve told
about it. Just getting it off my chest helps, at least a bit. I know
that humans can’t survive without sleep for longer than a few days. But
I did some research, and at this point, my body should be feeling the
effects. I ought to be getting tired, moving slower, falling asleep
intermittently, but I’m just not. I feel completely normal. I don’t know
if that’s a good or bad sign.

For now, at least, I’ll just wait on the doctor’s appointment. We’ll see
what happens. Thanks for listening.

DAY 6

I have some news. Sheila came up to me today, said she wanted to talk.
It wasn’t like her. Not that we’re not mates or anything, but we have a
very easy relationship, and we deal with any interpersonal problems
pretty casually. I could tell she was being careful right away, like she
was trying to be gentle with a sick child. That set me on edge.

“Hey love,” she said. “Has everything been alright?”

“Mhmm,” I mumbled, in a tone that clearly indicated that I was lying.

“Well, I’m a little worried about you. I’ve been hearing you moving
around a lot lately.”

I stiffened at that. “At night?” I asked. When she nodded, I could feel
my heart rate quicken. I hadn’t been moving around at night.

“You’ve been walking around, talking to yourself, moving things around.
I thought you were on the phone, but when I got up to check on you last
night, you were just sitting up awake in bed with no one else around.”

I was quiet for a beat.

“Have you been sleepwalking?” she asked.

I could have laughed. If there was one thing I was definitely not doing…

“I need to tell you something,” I said. “I haven’t been sleeping,
Sheila. Not at all. I can close my eyes, but I’ll be conscious the whole
time. I don’t know why. I don’t know what’s going on. But what you’re
hearing… it’s not me.”

Her eyes went wide. “Not you?”

I cringed internally. I knew this would freak her out. Sheila is
incredibly superstitious. She has a ton of crystals in her room, she
reads star charts, tea leaves, tarot cards, and fancies herself a modern
witch. It seems like every other day I come home and the whole flat
reeks of sage or frankincense.

But I’m not like her. I see the world in patterns. I know deep down that
it’s predictable, understandable. There may be rules we don’t know yet,
but as soon as someone asserts the existence of something without rules,
I have to push back. Mysticism and hoodoo didn’t get us airplanes,
penicillin, and internal plumbing. The rigorous study of the natural
world was what lifted us out of the dirt.

But just as surely as I knew all that, I knew that there was no point
trying to argue with her on this. Sheila was a true believer, through
and through. And the second I told her what was going on, she would
start jumping to conclusions. But I couldn’t lie to her about it
anymore.

“Yeah,” I admitted. “Whatever you’re hearing, it’s not me. I know
because I’ve been awake the whole time.”

“But did you hear it?” she practically whispered. “All the talking and
shuffling?”

“No,” I said. “But I’ve been trying a lot of things to help me sleep.
Most nights I have earbuds in.”

“Why didn’t you tell me?” she shrieked, punching me in the arm. “I
thought it was you. If there’s some malevolent spirit in this house…” I
tuned out her ramblings as she ran back to her room to grab rock salt
and incense.

She was superstitious, but she wasn’t a liar, and she wasn’t dumb. If
she’d been hearing things with the regularity she claimed, chances were
that it was something real. I needed to investigate. Fortunately for me,
I recently acquired brand-new “doesn’t need to sleep” superpowers, so a
stakeout should be easy. I’m going to camp out in the kitchen tonight.
I’ll report back here with whatever I find.

DAY 7

Fuck.

Fuck me.

I’ve got some real egg on my face right now, and I do not appreciate it.
In retrospect, I’ve spent a lot of time in the last post dismissing
Sheila’s superstitious beliefs, but the “ghost in the house” hypothesis
has shot way up after last night’s experience. It was around 1 in the
morning when I first started feeling strange. I was reading a novel on
my kindle, blanket pulled up partway over it so the light didn’t spill
out too far and any intruders wouldn’t necessarily know that I was in
there. I didn’t hear or see anything, at first. The first thing I felt
was cold. Real, to-the-bones cold, the kind that drains you. It was only
for a few seconds, but I jolted upright and looked around in alarm.
There was nothing.

I started pacing around the kitchen, checking under the oven. I don’t
know what I was looking for. Perhaps ghosts hide under oven. It was as I
was standing up from my crouched position on the floor to check above
the cupboards that I heard a voice. It was hardly audible, but it
sounded like it was right behind me. The hairs on the back of my neck
stood on end and I wheeled round, seeing nothing.

Again, a whisper from behind me. This time in the other direction. I
couldn’t make out any discernible words. Couldn’t even tell whether the
voice was male, female, how old they were, anything. I stumbled back
towards the table and grabbed the torch I brought downstairs, spinning
in a full circle and scanning the room. I went to the light switch, but
of course the bloody thing clicked uselessly.

My voice came out hoarse and dry when I tried to talk. “Who is it?” I
whispered into the darkness. “Who’s there?”

The reply was instant. I could just barely make out what they were
saying. “Who,” the voice said. This time, it sounded like it was coming
from the corner of the kitchen. I flicked my light over to the spot, but
saw nothing but tiles in need of cleaning and dishes in need of washing.

“Me?” I said. “What are you talking about? What do you want?”

“Talk,” the voice replied. It was moving around me in a circle, I
realised. Always coming from somewhere I wasn’t looking.

“We can talk.” I couldn’t control my breathing. I was hyperventilating,
with an awful pressure on my back, like there was someone standing right
there, knife poised an inch from my neck. I could practically feel the
blade brushing the hairs, stood up on end.

“What are you?” I called into the dark. “Mr. Disembodied Voice?”

“Me.” The voice replied. “Voice.”

I shook my head. “You’ll need to be more specific, if you want
something. I don’t understand.”

“Specific,” it said. “Spuh. Speh. Cific. Siff. Siff. Be. Be.”

With each syllable, it was coming from a different direction. Bouncing
between surfaces. I couldn’t whip around fast enough to look each time
before it changed locations.

“Understand.” It said. “Understand. Me?”

It was a question. I took a shaky breath and nodded. “I understand you.
You… you can only mimic, can you? Repeat what I’m saying?”

“Can only… mimic.”

“Do you… are you going to hurt me?” It was a silly question, maybe, but
I wasn’t in the best frame of mind, and that awful pressure was getting
worse.

“Don’t. Want. To hurt you.”

I couldn’t help but notice that that wasn’t necessarily the thing saying
it wouldn’t, just that it didn’t want to. I swallowed. “What do you
want?” I asked, again.

“Voice. To talk.”

I wondered if responding at all to this thing was a good idea. If it
wanted a voice, was it… taking mine? That seemed a mite convoluted. More
importantly, the idea of some being that was either invisible or able to
throw its voice convincingly was a whole lot more plausible than a being
that could steal an arbitrary, incorporeal concept like a voice. That
was a whole new level of impossible. And if I’m being honest, I was
desperately curious what this thing was and what it was trying to do. I
was scared out of my wits, sure, but I could never resist a proper
mystery.

After I was silent for a second, it spoke again.

“Not. H- here,” it said. It had almost choked on the word “here,” like
it couldn’t get it out.

I blinked in confusion. “What isn’t here? You want to talk somewhere
else?”

“No. Not. Here. You. Me. Not here,” it said, bouncing around the
kitchen.

“Are you?” It said again. It made it a question.

Something was off. I could feel that pressure increase very suddenly,
and then the whisper came again, from my left, like it was a millimetre
from my ear. “You are not here,” it said, and my torch flicked off,
leaving me completely blind.

I screamed. I’m not ashamed to admit it. I stumbled around through the
darkness, tripping over the chair and bashing my head against the hob. I
scrambled for the light switch, and finally, mercifully, the kitchen was
bathed in the soft yellow glow from our shitty fluorescent light
fixture. As my heart slowed down to a cool, relaxed 160 BPM, I realised
that the pressure I’d felt was gone. I didn’t feel like there was
something standing behind me anymore.

I heard the thumping of footsteps down the stairs. I turned around to
see Sheila standing in the kitchen, wide-eyed. I must’ve looked a mess.
Dishes were scattered along the floor, my chair was upturned, and I
could feel blood dripping through my hair. Despite it being at the other
end of the room, I’d somehow opened the fridge in my blind panic.

My mouth was dry as I said, “I think I need your help.”

END OF PART 1

Next >
