Is anyone else here on OCD medication? I’ve got a Purely Obsessional
type, all mental symptoms with no physical compulsions like flicking
switches or cleaning. They call it “Pure O”, which I think is crazy. But
it makes me an elite at something.

About me. I’m a college student living in West Texas. If you looked at
me, you’d think I’m white, maybe part Mexican. I’m 6 feet tall and
overweight. I have black curly hair about mid-neck length, but I’m
balding on top. I’ll answer to the name Sam and can be found at one of
the universities in the area. I’m in my early 20’s. I spend most of my
days at home, on the computer or smoking. I have three cats. If I’m out,
you’d see me on campus. This will be important later, and I swear this
isn’t to identify information, Mods, I’m not trying to tell people who I
am. Don’t look for me, don’t dox me. But you should know what I look
like, what you would see me doing. Ok?

Anyway, I just started this new clinical trial for people with my
subtype. Dilafodil is the name they told me. I think I’m getting the
sugar pills, because I don’t feel any better.

The only thing is that my dreams have been crazy lately. Well, only
kinda crazy. I take over the bodies of people all over North America.
Never the same people or place twice. I take full control of them, even
some of their memories. I see where they live and work, and when I look
up those locations the next morning, they all look exactly how I see
them in the dreams. That’s the crazy part.

Last night, I was inhabiting the body of a 34-year-old man living in
Mexico City. I just went to work (an auto shop?) and then home. I drank
cheap beer and watched a courtroom show for a long time. Someone was
suing a race track, and they brought in a horse as a witness.

That’s the part that’s not crazy. It’s always just normal people. I’m
never a spy or a serial killer or anything. The night before last, I was
a charge nurse in French Canada. It’s just normal people and their
boring routines. (I know the horse part sounds like crazy dream stuff,
but if you’ve ever watched TV from Mexico, you know I’m not making that
up)

There is one crazy thing I’ve seen. Most of these people are nuts like
me, so I’m no stranger to scrubbing down these people’s apartments,
methodically turning on and off all the lights in the house, and
repeating mantras like “I’m not going to hurt myself or others!” But
this one guy, he was another level. I can’t describe most of his
compulsions here, and I wouldn’t want to. Suffice it to say, I learned a
lot about this man’s private life. Here’s the really bad part. The
things on his computer were criminal. If I didn’t take these dream trips
at night, I would be having nightmares about his man’s desktop. It was
really sick. I found where this guy lives and called the nearest police
station, but they thought I was a crank. He’s just out there, right now.
I can’t even say where or who this motherfucker is on this forum. It’s
driving me crazy.

The only thing in common is that they all take pills. The same little
sugar pills I’ve been popping. Doesn’t seem to be working for any of us;
we all don’t seem to be doing great. I still have been obsessing and
obsessing. As I type this, I’ve been praying in my head. I imagine a big
crucifix, and it pushes away all the thoughts I can shake loose
normally. I’ve done it since I was a kid. Damn pills are crap.

Anyway, I’m curious. Do any of you have OCD? How do you deal with your
disorder? Have you seen me in your dreams?
