Let me start with I realize that maybe I should have been alarmed at
accepting a job at a Motel in this day and age. Motels in the first
place are not the prim and proper hotel management job that I had
envisioned for myself after completing my degree. Like every twenty-five
year old that had spent the greater part of their college experience
partying and getting absolutely shit faced.

I had gotten a rude awakening after graduating that it was all over, the
sorority girl that had aspirations of becoming a chic hotel manager in
Paris, fizzled quicker than a flat soda. All and all, I suppose it could
have been far worse! Everything considered I had landed a job at least.

Even if the job took me out to the middle of nowhere… at least nowhere
paid. To be honest up until about a month ago, I had been surfing the
internet and trying my best to become a viable applicant. It was not
going stellar, but finally in the middle of the night after watching far
too much reality tv and eating a bag of Twizzlers. It arrived… the email
that brought me to my current place that I called home/work.

Actually, I even have the email saved just to show you all how odd it
is, bear with me as I copy and paste it to the post for your reading
delight.

Hello Ms.Wallacott,

We at the Motel **** are reaching out about a position at our
establishment. It’s come to our attention that you are seeking full time
employment; and have a degree in hospitality. Your credentials are
suitable for our needs and we’re curious if you’d be open for a phone
interview.

The details of the job, along with the salary can be discussed then.
We’ll be waiting to hear from you!

May the Light be with you,
**** Neman.
Owner of the Motel ****.
(6**)*757***

Please understand, I omitted the number for y’all sake. You have to
understand that it’s best if you don’t know the name or phone number of
the Motel. It’ll be safer that way, at least I think it’ll be safer that
way.

Now I had at that point been desperate for a job. Most of the ones that
I had interviewed for were crap and didn’t want to pay me for my
qualifications, which hey I understood it was the economy, it was
something or another. Well fine but I couldn’t survive off of what they
were paying, so I decided to call the man, Mr.Neman. The worst that
happened it was a prank, or the pay was horrible or the job was
undoable. Positives being that I got a job and could afford to pay back
some loans that were knocking on past due.

So I did what any college graduate who needed a job does… I called.

Ring, ring. Two rings and I heard the receiver pick up and I waited.

“Hello,” an older man’s voice sounded through the receiver.

“Good afternoon. I’m Wallacott. You sent me an email about a position at
your Motel.” I said, halfway holding my breath as I waited for the
punchline or answer.

Because to be honest, I really didn’t think that this was a serious job
inquiry. More likely an elaborate prank by someone bored or one of my
sorority sisters.

“Of course, Ms. Wallacott!” The old man’s voice took on a lighter tone.
Evidently pleased by my call. “Delightful of you to call. I’m Mr.Neman.
The owner of the Motel ****.” His raspy voice was becoming less jarring
and more jovial by the second.

“Yes, thank you again for reaching out to me first.”

“Of course, your credentials make you a very promising candidate. Not to
mention I have an eye for people,” he continued.

There was a slight pause on my part and his, it seemed that he had made
a joke. But as far as interviewing went it was a bit odd, then again,
based on his age. He was probably well into his later years. Different
generation had far different metrics in terms of what they viewed as
appropriate in the work place.

Not losing speed he continued on. “There would be a sign on bonus and
then a very competitive salary for you. I’m getting too old to manage
the Motel‘s daily activities and guest welcoming. You wouldn’t be
expected to preform any of the cleaning services or laundry, but I would
like you to manage the accounting, ordering of supplies and management
of staff. The position itself is a live in, you’d be expected to stay on
the Motel’s premise.”

There was a pause and I scrambled to grab my planner. Flipping to the
note section of the planner, I quickly jotted down the information.

“Did you happen to do some research on our establishment?”

“A little bit, but there wasn’t much information to be found. I hoped
that you would be able to shed some light on the specifics?”

“The Motel is a little known spot. It’s not surprising. We’ve been
established since the late 1880’s. It’s been in the family since then,
and we have been servicing the area since that time. It’s honestly a
beautiful part of the country, you’ll be up in the PNW.” He said, his
voice radiating warmth.

My hand stilled, that was one of the factors that I hadn’t completely
mulled over. I was located on the East Coast, and I had to head all the
way to the West Coast. Leaving everything and everyone that I knew. But
at the same time, this was the first job that actually left me in charge
of a property rather than being at the beck and call of someone else.
So, after continuing the phonecall with the old man, Mr.Neman, and
getting more specifics on the requirement and the salary and sign on
bonus. I found myself calling my parents and letting them know that I
had gotten a job. Also, telling them that I had to move and that it was
to the other side of the country.

They had been supportive and told me that they were proud of me, and I
found that I was happy about it all. Packing and moving took a lot less
time that I had expected. I managed to pack everything in a week, my
whole life sealed up tidily in a week of packing.

~~Saul, or should I say,~~ Mr.Neman had sent over a welcome package via
email. That had detailed out a list of specifics that I was to follow.
Along with rules, that was typical of any job, there were always going
to be rules that they wanted you to follow.

But these were on a different level of ‘odd.’ These are the rules as
listed to me:

1.  Never follow a Guest into their room. Contact housekeeping if they
    need help.

2.  Be sure to never tell the guest your first name. They should refer
    to you simply by your surname.

3.  Always keep the key ring on your person as you move about the motel.
    It’s best if they are kept on silver chain and either tucked into
    your pocket and fastened to a belt loop. If you’ve choose to wear a
    skirt or a dress for the day, they should be attached to a silver
    ring that can be worn as a bracelet.

4.  The Motel **** has a long history of a mascot. The current mascot
    for the hotel is Graham Cracker, a Great Dane. She has been trained
    to accompany you throughout the hotel. Please make sure that you
    have treats on your personage for her. (These treats are provided by
    the Motel.)

5.  Do not accept gifts from the guest. Under any circumstances!

6.  Remember to promptly shut the doors of reception at 9 pm. They are
    to be opened promptly at 8 am. (Monday-Friday) No guest should be
    allowed entrance after close or before opening to check into the
    Motel.

I had looked them over multiple times, both when I had first gotten the
email and then throughout the flights. I tried to find some reason for
them. I understood the specific check in times, and stay on schedule.
Along with the other nuanced rule about keeping Graham Cracker happy and
accompanying me. That was not a problem, I loved dogs and the fact that
I was to be accompanied by one was a bonus.

But still as I read and re-read them, I felt an odd sense of dissonance.
However, I still found myself navigating my way to the Motel. Seeing as
I was heading out to a relatively small town, that was located deep into
the woods, I had a limited choice of transportation. However, that was
also clarified in my welcome package.

As I stepped off the second plane, I arrived at the small local airport.
I was greeted with a sign that had my name on it, being held by a rather
round woman. Now please understand, I’m not judging her by any means.
It’s just the best way to describe my initial observation of, Hilda. She
was a hearty, round woman, with shock white hair and a lopsided smile
that reminded me of a kid that always had a joke brewing on their
tongue.

Hilda, wore a simple outfit that was rather homely but suited her just
fine. The simple dress paired with a jacket that was rather fluffy given
the weather. Not to mention the muck boots that were paired with long
brown wool socks.

“Hello,” I said softly.

She looked up at me. It was then that I noted her one lazy eye that was
also a foggy grey, while her other eye was a light blue. I tried not to
stare, which was easy enough because she was looking me up and down.

This continued for a minute or so, then she finally return my stare. Her
good eye piercing as she began to smile, half her lip pulling up into a
rather menacing grin at first.

“Welcome dear to Pine Hallow. How was your flight?”

“It was good, not to much turbulence.”

She nodded her approval, then she extended her hand. I looked down at it
before taking it with my own, her hand shake was firm and resolute. A
stark contrast to her appearance, but it felt normal enough.

“You can call me Hilda. I’m a long time friend of Mr.Neman and the owner
of the grocery store in town,” she explained easily.

“Pleasure to meet you Hilda, and thank you for coming to pick me up! I
hope it wasn’t too much of an inconvenience.”

“Don’t worry about it. I had some things I had to pick up and there
aren’t many people that come and go from the town. If they do they’re
mainly guest of Mr.Nemans establishment. We can’t have you catching a
ride with them now.” She chuckled, releasing my hand as she went to pat
my shoulder.

Her hand had felt like ice from the handshake alone, once it touched my
shoulder it felt like my entire arm was going numb. She didn’t let it
linger for too long, but it was enough that I mentally noted that I
shouldn’t casual let her touch me. Withdrawing her hand, she tucked the
small sign that she had under her arm and lead me towards the small
baggage claim.

The whole airpot was quiet, eerily quiet, I tried to not let it bother
me. However, it was hard to not notice, the flight I had been on had
less than ten people. One flight attendant and two pilots, leaving only
seven people actually flying into the airport. Each was odd, and I saw
them lined up around the simple, yet, archaic baggage claim!

Hilda’s hand touched me yet again, and I nearly jumped out of my skin.
Turning I found the round woman was trying to get my attention.

“I’ll be over there, I’ve got to collect my boxes and have them loaded
onto the truck. You can’t miss me, Dear,” she explained. All the while
pointing towards the double doors that lead out into the overcast
outdoors. There was a man standing at the door, dressed in some dirty
overalls, along with a bright orange safety vest that was overtop of a
warm, but worn jacket. He had a wide set stance and was looking over at
Hilda with expectant eyes.

Swallowing the lump in my throat, and feeling moderately abandoned by
Hilda. Even though I knew she wasn’t my tour guide, the squat and round
woman knew me. Knew that I was here to work for her friend, but she
knew… for some reason that had felt important in the moment.

Still ever icy, I raised a hand to pat hers before she drew it away.
“Okay, I’ll find you once I get my bags.”

She gave me a lopsided grin and then made her way over to the man
without another word. I had to give it to the old gal, she moved
quickly. Easily covering the distance. Hilda paused, said something to
the man and then they both left the baggage claim area.

Now it was me all alone with the seven other people from my flight.
Taking a deep breath, I made my way over towards the baggage claim. I
had already shipped some other things directly to the motel. But I still
had brought two suitcases and a carriage on and bag. There was no way
that I could part with all my things, nor did I have any intention of
putting them into a storage container.

The idea of locking my stuff up hadn’t sat well with me. I had opted
only to get a storage container for the big stuff. But at the moment, I
wished that I had packed lighter and could remove myself from these odd
people. Standing apart from the group, I surveyed them.

Coming up with ideas about them, the oddest was a girl that looked even
more out of place than me. She was standing next to a man that was
dressed head to toe in black. Black suit, paired with an even darker
black bow tie. He was wearing black framed sunglasses and his hair was
slicked back, his age was hard to tell, but he had to be at least a good
ten years older than the girl.

She was dressed head to toe in what could only be best described as a
clubbing outfit. Her short black dress barely covered her butt, she was
standing in pin point thin red stilettos. Her bleach blonde hair styled
in an updo that displayed her very surgically done face.

She was smiling as she took a video of the two of them. The man looking
as if he couldn’t care less about it all, but still he was being a good
sport and allowing her to take the video.

Her head whipped around and we made direct eye contact, and I felt a
sinking feeling in my stomach at the contact. But she gave me a beaming
smile and a light wave, before she continued to record. Exhaling, I
tried to quell the unease, but I locked eyes with another passenger.

It was a younger boy that was standing next to an older woman. Who I
assumed was his grandmother, or maybe, his mother? She both appeared
older, but relatively young enough to maybe have a child of about ten or
so.

The boy had an intensity to him that turned my stomach, more than the
girl. He seemed small for his age, but his eyes held mine without
flinching. You know that spine tingling, prickling sensation that crawls
up your skin. The last vestige of our reptilian brain, that tells us
when we’re endanger?

That’s what I felt as I looked into the mismatched hazel and black eyes
of the boy!

I broke eye contact first, as the rickety sound of the baggage claim
rumbled to life. Blessed by the luggage gods themselves! My bags were
the first that the ancient machine spat out, quickly moving forward, I
grabbed the two suitcase from the luggage rack. The black bags,
thankfully looked intact, and the locks that I had secured to them
untampered with.

Ducking my head, I made my way towards the doors that Hilda had vanished
out of all the while feeling eyes bore into my back. The crisp air
seemed to whisper across my skin as I exited, it was chilly to say the
least. I had dressed warmly anticipating it, but the cold was new and I
wasn’t quite sure I’d warm to it as I had been assured by Mr.Neman.

At the very least the brisk air had driven away the stifling feelings of
the eyes. I felt sick at the thought of being around those people for
any longer, call it a gut feeling, but something was off with them.

I found Hilda quickly, it wasn’t hard she had a big truck parked outside
the small airport area. The man that she had followed was still chatting
with her, he had a clipboard in hand and was making some notes. Before
handing it to Hilda. She took it and signed it without fuss.

She looked up after she handed it back to the man, her eyes cutting
towards me. As if she knew that I was standing there, she gave me
another one of her lopsided grins, as the man turned his head to look in
the direction she was looking. He seemed a man of few words, he tilted
his head to me. Then made his way back towards the airport, but he moved
towards a different entrance, one that appeared to be set aside for
staff. Even if the airport was measly in size, the still had an
employee’s only entrance that had to count for something.

I made my way to Hilda, who was already lifting the back of the truck
door. Peering inside, I noticed all the boxes that had different labels
some said produce and so on and so forth. She reached out and took one
of the suitcase handles and easily lifted it up and into the bed of the
truck. Then she grabbed the other, I quickly grabbed the smallest one
feeling rather bad that I had let her do all that lifting.

“That everything?” She asked, as I placed the small suitcase next to the
other two.

“Yes, thank you.”

“Good then let’s set off. We don’t want to keep the staff waiting too
long, because it’s Saturday there wouldn’t be any check in’s. But the
house keeping staff is bare bones, and it’ll give you some time to
settle in.” She explained brightly.

“Did you work at the motel?” I asked, before I could stop to consider my
words. My curiosity getting the better of me.

She paused but then threw a glance over her shoulder at me. “I’d say
helped out rather than worked,” she laughed. Before continuing forward,
and heading towards the front of the truck. Casting a final glance back
towards the airport, there was a tugging feeling in the pit of my
stomach. As if something was telling me to head back, but the allure of
job stability made me swallow that fear and get into the truck.

The truck rumbled to life as Hilda twisted the key into the ignition. A
steady rattling started as the heat began to sputter to life, it seemed
like it wasn’t going to but then it gave another rattling cough and the
soft steady waves of heat began radiating from the vents. I leaned back
into the seat finding the seat belt and quickly buckling myself in.
Hilda did the same as she locked hers into place and began to ease the
truck forward as we made our way around the loop.As we drove past the
airport, I noticed that the few people that had been on the airplane
with me were trickling outside. They all looked up at us as we drove
past them, I found myself instinctively raising my hand to wave. There
was something eerie about the way they all stood there without blinking
watching me. Swallowing my fear, I noticed that the little boy was the
only one that was waving back at me and giving me a wide smile.

A pang of nerves shot through my stomach and I quickly lowered my hand
and pressed my head into the back of the headrest. Refusing to keep
looking at the sight.

“Are you cold dearie?” Hilda asked. Her voice drew me out of my thoughts
and I turned my eyes towards the woman. There was something nagging
about her as well, but I was just glad that we were making our way to
the Motel. Away from the people at the airport. I just needed to settle
in and I’m sure the nerves would go away.

“Probably,” I murmured to the woman. She nodded her head and then
reached up with one of her hands and pushed the vent that was fanning
her with the delicious heat towards me. The extra heat did relax me some
and I nuzzled slightly deeper into my jacket.

“Thank you.”

“Of course, I can’t have you freezing before you get to your post. It
would be a shame to lose you when you’ve already come this far.” She
said jovially.

Although, her words were odd and I was feeling overwhelmed I tried not
to think about it. Pulling out my phone from my purse, I took it off
airplane mode and sent a quick message to my Mother letting her know
that I had made it safely to through my second flight. The message had
taken a moment to send, the message spun as if it was trying to send
before it gave me the error that it was undeliverable. Looking at my
bars I noticed that I didn’t have a single one. I’m only able to even
write this because I’m attached to the Motel’s Ethernet line.

Tucking the phone back into my purse, I tried to settle in for the drive
and between the steady rumbling of the truck and the bone numbing heat
that seemed to seep into my lethargic muscles, I don’t even remember
falling asleep. But at some point I must have because the next thing
that I heard was the high pitched whine of the air breaks startled me to
alertness!

Whipping up, I hastily turned my head every which way. Blinking rapidly
trying to will the sleep from my eyes, everything came back into focus
slowly. The steady hum of the truck is what I registered first, as the
lights from the well lite street nearly blinded my shell shocked
eyeballs. Looking to my left I found that I was still next to Hilda. Her
face brought a profound sense of relief as the reality of my situation
came to fruition. I had chosen to leave everything that I knew and was
comfortable with to come to this remote motel! A sigh of relief left my
mouth as I swallowed down my anxiety. Hilda grinned at me exposing her
pearly white teeth, it caught me off guard how clean and pristine they
were. She reached out and patted my arm, the warmth of the truck did
nothing to prevent the icy shock of her touch. It felt like I had come
in contact with a freezer.

“Welcome to the Motel,” Hilda said rather gleefully as she twisted the
key from the ignition. My eyes finally adjusted to the bewildering light
took in the Motel. The picture on google hadn’t done it justice, I had
expected a run show nearly dilapidated hole in the wall. What greeted me
was anything but that!

The light that had nearly blinded me gave way to a massive structure
that was the Motel. It was long but also tall, it sported a two story
entrance house, or lodge might have been more accurate. It was wooden
but it looked sturdy. Rich undertones of umber and amber glinted in the
dark wooden logs that made up the structure. Two huge wooden doors that
had carvings that were nearly too delicate to see from my vantage point
inside of the truck. Each door had been fitted with a window that was
nearly half of the doors. Within the wooden logs, I could make out neat
windows that were across the front side.

Stretching out from behind the main structure were long corridors that
seem to connect from the sides of the main house. Those were a mixture
of other material outside of the wood. There were windows that lined the
walls of the motel. Similar to the main structure it was three stories
high, meaning that it was the typical single level Motels. It was more
akin to a nature lodge the more I looked at it. My stomach did a little
flip as I noticed from the far left a window that had a pair of burning
red eyes that were staring at me. I nearly jumped in the chair, quickly
averting my eyes and then looking back. Confusion colored my mind as the
vivid eyes were no where to be seen anymore. Sucking in a deep breath, I
banished away the unsettling feeling that bubbled in the pit of my
stomach.

“Let’s get you inside, it took a little longer than I anticipated. We’ve
arrived a little behind schedule,” Hilda said, her voice showing a hit
of something.

She quickly opened the door and scurried around the side of the truck. I
followed suit a little slower as I stretched my neck, preparing myself
for the cold wind. Mustering up courage, I threw open the door, an icy
gale slapped my right across the face. A full body shiver raked through
me, drawing my bag close. I quickly circled around the truck, just
noticing that I was truly out in the middle of nowhere. The sole source
of light was the Motel that was glittering with lights and stood almost
as a beacon against the inky backdrop of the forest.

Hilda had already gotten all three suitcase from the back and was half
way to the entrance as I was just coming up to the suitcase she had left
for me. Her stout form was bathed by the light, she cast a longer shadow
than I thought one her size could take up. She was nearly at the door,
but her shadow seemed to stretch nearly to the truck that was parked
probably thirty feet from the entrance.

Grabbing my bag, I quickly ambled after her. The door had a great big
handle, that had an ancient looking keyhole. Without hesitation Hilda
whipped out a set of keys, the soft loop caught the light and I could
see it silver glow. Reaching out, she waved a black fob across an
unnoticed pad, and the door opened automatically. I marveled for a
second at the rather advanced system given its status as an “older”
motel. Quick as a tick, Hilda crossed the threshold and I followed suit.
The door began to close as I stepped through it. Then with a firm click,
the door locked and I was inside.

It was far more orderly than I had anticipated, the interior was clean,
and rather sleek. It was done in a more earthen tone interior browns and
neutrals made it pleasant. The reception desk was a little way inside
from doors. It was a rather long desk, with an older styled drawer
system that looked like something you’d find at a rural post office.
They were each numbered and I could see nearly a hundred or more
drawers. Outside of that there was a small seating area by the row
window and then I noticed further down there was actually an elevator.
Hilda cleared her throat and I turned to face her.

“Sorry Dearie, it looks like you’ll have to wait till morning to meet
Mr.Neman. I’ll show you to your room, it’s past the time for any guest
to arrive,” she said matter of factly.

I’d opened my mouth to respond when I hear a knock at the door.
Instinctively I turned towards the sound, I saw two people looking at me
from the window. It was the odd couple from the airport, the man and the
girl. The girl was still looking at her phone. Bitterly I wondered who
her provider was it seems like I still didn’t have any service.

The man was the one to knock and I stepped forward. My body moving
before my mind! It was rude to leave customers waiting, that was one of
the first things that had been drilled into you at school. Always help
the guest, I was halfway to the door, the man’s eyes looking at me
expectantly. When a terrible gripping chill closed around my wrist,
stopping mid stride I looked down at my wrist that was caught like a
mouse in the grip of Hilda. She had moved faster than I thought was
possible, her grip ironclad and immovable.

“Dearie,” her voice was low, oddly authoritative,” do you remember the
rules?” Raising her head, she fixed me with her one good eye. It pierced
into me and the rules that I had obsessively read over came thundering
to the forefront of my mind.

“To promptly shut the door after 9 pm. No guest can check in after
that,” I said. Reaching into my purse, I fished out my phone and there
it was in bright digital pixels, the time, 9:10 pm. It was ten minutes
past close. Not to mention it was the weekend, there weren’t suppose to
be any check in’s. Biting my lip, I looked at the two that were standing
outside expectantly. He was still wearing those sunglasses but I knew,
no, I could feel his stare. It seemed to bore into me as he waited.

“It’s only ten minutes past, surely, we could let them in?”

My voice sounded unsure even to my own ears as I remember how much the
importance of the rules was stressed in the welcome package. But the
training from school pressed against the importance of the rules! I knew
in the back of my mind that I didn’t know the system yet, nor did I know
the specific of the motel. Although, I had read through and understood
the base of the information, I had never done it before. Hilda’s grip
didn’t relent if anything it got tighter and I found the heat leaching
out from my body as if someone had split open my vein and was letting
the blood run out of me.

“The rules.”

Her voice was iron clad and demanded that I listen to her and obey the
rules. A loud thump made my heart sputter in my chest as I whirled to
look towards the door. He’d raised his arm and had brought his fist down
on the wooden part of the door. His lip was curled up in annoyance and
he repeated, that terrible thumping pounding that made my teeth rattle.

“You have to follow the rules Dearie,” she hissed. Her voice was low and
demanded that I obey. There was a hard edge that said plainly ‘do as I
say.’ Or maybe, ‘do as the rules say.’ I felt torn, my stomach churning
faster as I tried to breathe through my nose to steady my hands that I
felt shaking.

The penetrating cold bit into my wrist where she had caught it. It
almost felt as if I didn’t have a hand anymore. Bang, Bang, Bang! I
couldn’t pry my eyes away from her, I knew that logically it was only
ten minutes past, but I also, understood that she was not going to let
me. I’d have to push her away from myself, and then quickly make it to
the door. But was that reasonable? I wrestled with this thought.

“I don’t kno-“ I stuttered but with a final thundering bang, I nearly
jumped out of my skin. Turning I found that the man was now nearly
frothing at the mouth as he banged, the girl was now looking up from her
phone. Her eyes seemed to cut straight into me, and I quickly turned
away. I swear I thought I saw something, I still don’t know what exactly
I saw.

Hilda’s hand left my wrist, almost as if she knew that I had lost the
will to let them in. That I had finally saw her reasoning, for some
reason, I felt defeated and then happy that I could turn that feeling
onto the rules. It was all because of the rules, I had to follow the
rules. Did I want to be a rule breaker on not even my first day at the
job?

“Here follow me this way Dearie,” Hilda’s voice was sweet. It had lost
the hissing edge, and I glanced up and found her standing with a key in
her hand. She also had my other suitcase, I tried to put the banging
sound out of my mind.

Grabbing my other suitcase, I followed Hilda down the corridor. Even as
we moved away from the front door, I could still hear the banging, but I
trained my eyes on the smaller woman’s back. She didn’t say much, and
for some reason the silence was stifling. At this point, I wanted her to
say anything, to maybe given an explanation to the people outside. There
was no explanation and I stopped as we neared another hallway. This one
only had a singular door, and no others. She stopped at the door, and it
simply had ‘Manager’ as the plate on the door. It didn’t have a number,
and I felt that was strange. The information packet had said that it was
a live in position, but I had assumed that I would be using one of the
rooms. Not that I would have my own personal space on my own separate
hallway.

She used the key and it slide into the lock with a resounding click.
Leaving it at that she didn’t turn the knob or anything. Hilda had
simply released the key and stepped back, leaving my suitcase where she
had parked it.

“Well I’ll leave you to it. I’ll be heading to my own room now, I don’t
think I can make it back to the store.” She smiled, I just stared at
her. Trying to think of some words to say in response, but I felt like a
fish out of water.

“Remember bright and early tomorrow, the Head of House keeping will be
there to help you settle into your post. Remember to lock the door,
Dearie,” she said her voice soft and welcoming. But I felt a shudder
pass down my spine at her intonation. She turned and promptly began to
walk down the hallways, it was finally when she was at the end of it
that I managed to get my tongue working.

“Goodnight Hilda, thank you for the lift here,” I called. Wincing as I
realized I might have shouted too loud given that there were probably
other guest that were sleeping.

Hilda simply turned and gave me that lopsided smile before she made a
left hand turn and continued down to some unknown room. I turned towards
my door and entered, the room opened up to a cute and rather updated
apartment, rather than a Motel room. It had a kitchen and a couple other
doors that were left open. I noted that one appeared to be an office
space, and the other three doors lead to two empty rooms, minus the bed
in one, and the other lead to a rather large bathroom. I nodded my head
and quickly fished out my toiletries and brushed my teeth. I’d have to
leave unpacking for another day.

With that I retried to the bedroom, and this is where I am writing this
because even as I lay here. I can still hear Hilda’s voice ringing in my
head. Repeating the same phrase over and over now ‘the rules dearie!’
Along with the steady rhythmic thump, thump, thump of the couple’s fist
demanding to be let into the Motel.

I’m posting this because, I’m wondering if anyone else is a Manager of a
Hotel or Motel that has strange rules? I’ll post more as I settle in and
see if the first night jitters go away. Also to update you about if
they’re still outside in the morning.
