I think I should start at the beginning as most accounts go—with
myself—and introduce my first experience. I believe it’s only right to
begin with me before I spearhead the stories of others in this manifesto
of recordings.

Even though this is my experience , it is not my story to tell.
This is my mother’s account of something that happened to me on the
night I was born nearly 47 years ago now. It’s something that has stayed
with me my entire life.

I should preface by saying that I’ve always had a fascination with owls.
And I believe they, in turn, have some sort of fascination with me. Owls
have long been associated with wisdom, mysteriousness, and even death.

They’ve also been associated with spiritual references and ominous
encounters. I don’t know what this was, but my mother is convinced that
it wasn’t just an owl. I tend to believe her. Her story has never
changed.
Here is my mother’s account of what happened—told in her own words.

Date of recording. February 11, 2015 3 PM.

“Please state your name.”

“My name is Patricia, and this is what I saw on the night my son was
born.”

It was December 7, 1979—a Friday night—and I had just given birth at
11:11 pm. The labor had been complicated, and I was heavily sedated
afterward. I was weak. Exhausted. Barely able to keep my eyes open, but
I remember what I saw like it happened yesterday.

We were in a military hospital just outside of Salinas Valley near the
mountains of Monterey County, California. Specifically, Cone Peak. 

My husband was out in the field for a training exercise, doing his best
to get back in time, but he hadn’t made it yet. I had gone into labor
earlier than expected.

We were alone in the room. My son had been placed in a small bassinet
near the window because I was too weak to hold him.

He had only been alive for a few hours…my baby boy. I watched over him;
thanking God that he made it here safely…praying that we could provide
him a better life than we had growing up. I continued watching him and
then I thought I saw something. A shadow from outside the window passed
over the bassinet.

Then, there was a shift.
That’s when I saw it.
At first, I thought it was the moon playing tricks on me. Maybe a plane
had flown by casting a shadow in the room. 

But no, that wasn’t it.

A small dot in the sky. It actually looked like it was coming from the
moon itself. 
Then, it grew larger.

It got closer—until it was impossible to ignore. I could see what looked
like wings. 
Enormous wings, glinting with light I’d never seen before. I knew it was
some kind of bird, but not any kind I recognized.

It was moving fast—unnaturally fast—like it was going to burst through
the glass as it torpedoed toward us.
And then it slowed.
It hovered for a moment, then landed softly on the window ledge.
I could not believe my eyes.

Standing there, perched on the 3rd floor window in the pale moonlight,
was the largest owl I had ever seen. 
At least four feet tall. Its feathers were jet black. Its talons were
long and sharp like curved knives. 

And its eyes—

God, those eyes—

They glowed with a light that didn’t belong in this world.
It was staring straight at my baby.

Focused on him. 

Then on me.

I couldn’t be sure, but I felt like it pushed something in my head.

A thought—

“Don’t move, be still. Go to sleep.”

At that time, I had never heard of sleep paralysis. But after learning
what it was later on in life, I reckon I had a little dose of it.

I panicked. 

I tried to reach for the lamp on the nightstand, but I was too weak. My
hand barely moved. I knew I had to get help. I reached for the emergency
button on the side of the bed and pressed it with everything I had left
in me. I tried to scream—but my voice was slurred, thin, useless against
the fear.

Finally, the nurse rushed in.

“What’s wrong, hun?”

I pointed to the window.

“He’s trying to get my baby!”

She turned and looked.
There was nothing there.
Nothing now, anyway.

“Are you sure you weren’t dreaming?” Sometimes the medication we use in
sedation can cause slight delirium.”

Poor girl. Thinking on it in hindsight, she was only doing her job, but
her assumption really struck a nerve with me. I let her have it.

I said, “No! It was just there! The biggest bird I’ve ever seen. It
wanted my son! I know what the hell I saw! How dare you!”

She was such a cool customer. She understood I was upset.

She said, “Well…we are in a mountain region. Probably just a mountain
owl you saw. But trust me—nothing could have gotten in here.”

But she was wrong.

She didn’t see what I saw.

And she didn’t feel what I felt— there’s no worse feeling than being
helpless to protect your child as a mother.

That owl wasn’t just a bird.
It was something else.

An omen.

Something ancient was watching my son that night.
It’s seared in my mind.

Not long after that; I started to recall strange happenings. Things that
I had forgotten…things that happened to me as a child. 

I wondered—is this familial?

Did something follow me from my childhood?
God, I hope not.”

End recording
