Marco and I were sitting on a bench, having hot dogs. It was the only
kind of meal we could get our hands on before we got to the site. They
were getting ready for us, setting up warning tape down by the beach.
Marco was savoring every bite of his meal. I’d just finished mine.

“You know, I used to hate mustard on these things,” he said. “Now I
can’t get enough of it. Dijon, spicy, honey… love it.”

“Good for you, man. I’m not much of a mustard guy.”

“I’m just saying. The mustard was always there. It hasn’t changed. It
didn’t get better to accommodate me, you know? I changed to better fit
the mustard.”

“I have a hard time believing that you, wanting to enjoy mustard, was
the sole reason for you to evolve your sense of taste.”

“It’s just weird when you think about it. You thinking about it?”

“I’m thinking about it.”

One of the officers waved us over. I got off the bench and whistled for
the other volunteers. The sun was about to set, and we had a long night
ahead of us.

 

I’d been to Lullaby Beach at least once or twice a year since I was
fifteen years old. Now I was about to turn 42, and I was still around.
It was the one place where gray whales tend to get beached. The old ones
get swept in by the current, and they get confused by the rocky
coastline. I once talked to a marine biologist about it, who called this
one particular spot a perfect whale trap.

Still, it broke my heart every time I saw one. Their big cow-like eyes
wondering why everything hurt.

We were six volunteers coming down to check her out. We’d got there
early, so we would just be assessing damage and making her comfortable
for now. If she was okay to be moved, we’d be looking at bringing in
some inflatables in the morning and digging out a trench for the
current. But for now, we were just looking.

Freddy was already crying. Whales are his favorite animal. The guy has
six different shirts with whales on them, all with little hearts and
cartoonishly sad eyes. Before we even saw what kind of whale it was, he
was bawling his eyes out. He’d already given her a name; Minnie the
Whale.

It wasn’t normal for cops to oversee this kind of thing, but we’d had
some problems with random people coming down and getting hurt when no
one was around. These animals are so immense that even an accidental
movement can be enough to get you killed. It happens, and if it happens
once, you bet your ass someone is going to make sure it doesn’t happen
again.

The cops knew me though. Every six or seven months or so, I’d be first
on-site.

 

Walking up to a whale is unreal. You gotta remember that you’re looking
at an animal the size of an inner-city bus. While gray whales might not
be as big as the famous blue, they’re still humongous. You can’t really
fathom their size until you’re standing there with your hand on their
rough skin. Like a mix of sandpaper and wet cardboard.

Minnie was different from other gray whales I’d seen. She had this thick
layer of salt on her skin, to the point where she smelt like pickles.
Her breathing was short and shallow, but that might just have been the
distress. Being surrounded by little strange creatures would probably
stress out anyone.

“I’m not seeing damage,” Marco called out. “I think she got turned
around.”

“How’s the eyes?”

“Closed. I think she’s resting.”

“She’s so beautiful,” cried Freddy. “And she’s healthy, right?”

I nodded, looking her over. No unusual smells, no blood in the sand.
We’d have a proper marine vet check her out in the morning, but things
were looking good.

“Looks like it,” I said. “Let’s get her comfortable and clear the
rocks.”

One of the officers overseeing us whistled.

“You got an hour, we can’t stay here all night. Do you what you gotta
do.”

“An hour?” Freddy protested. “We can’t do shit in an hour!”

“It’s what you get for now. We’ll be back in the morning. Can’t leave
you folks on your own out here.”

He pointed at me, growing impatient.

“You can stay a little longer if you want, we’ve got your papers in
order.”

 

Marco’s initial assessment was that Minnie was healthy enough to make it
a day or two. She was an adult, but not elderly. Probably strong enough
to have some kids once she got back out there. As the others cleared
out, I was left on my own. As a veteran working this beach, and many
like it, I had a bit of a working relationship with the law. People who
knew what they were doing didn’t get into whale-related accidents, that
was just a fact. And someone had to keep an eye on Minnie.

After a while, it was just me and the whale. I got a closer look at her.
She had this big scar between the eyes, probably from a boat. She’d been
lucky; the Oregon coastline is rocky as hell, but she’d managed to slip
right up the smooth sand. If they’re unlucky, they can skewer themselves
if there’s something sharp beneath as the tide recedes. I gave her a
gentle tap on the head, shushing her as she rested.

“We’ll get you out, girl. Don’t worry.”

There wasn’t much I could do until morning. I’d already sent out the
requests and got confirmations, so we were good to go. I figured it was
best to sleep in the van; it was an hour drive back home and an hour
drive back. I’d only get about three, maybe four hours of sleep at most.
Might as well nap in the back of the van.

As I turned to leave, I felt this wave of heat. Minnie was opening her
mouth, letting out this pent-up warmth. It smelled like kelp and rock
salt. With her mouth open, she made a noise. I stepped a little closer,
being sure to give the distressed animal some space.

“It’s okay,” I assured her. “We’ll get you home.”

“…thank you.”

 

I blinked. Where did that voice come from? I took a step back, looking
up and down that immense creature. My first thought was that someone
else was left behind. It sounded like a woman, but not like any woman I
knew.

“Excuse me?” I said. “Who’s there?”

“…I am here.”

Such a sweet voice. Like a caring mother, trying to calm an anxious
child. Minnie moved her mouth a little.

“…do you not hear me?”

The voice seemed more muffled the more closed the mouth was. It seemed
to be coming from inside her. I blinked again, trying to figure out just
how tired I was. Had I been drinking?

“No, I hear you,” I said. “Who is this? Where are you?”

“…I am right here, silly.”

The whale’s left eye stared at me.

 

I turned my back and walked away. I didn’t even think twice about it, I
walked away. Something was clearly wrong with me. I got back up to my
van, hopped in the back, and got a first aid kit. I checked my pulse and
blood pressure. I tried counting down from ten, and I checked the size
of my pupils. Maybe Marco slipped something in my coke while I was in
the bathroom at the gas station.

But from what I could see, I was fine. But I couldn’t be, right?

I rolled out a sleeping bag, but my heart wouldn’t stop racing. My mouth
felt dry, and I could still smell the salt of the whale. I was not okay.
But I wasn’t going to be okay just lying there either. I had to take a
deep breath, control myself, and look at this objectively. Whales can’t
talk. That’s not the kind of world we live in. Hence, I must have
imagined it, or it wasn’t the whale doing the talking.

I made my way back down the beach, fully intent on exposing whatever
this was. The moment I returned, the eye shifted my way again.

“…where did you go?”

“You’re not talking,” I said. “You can’t be talking. You can’t
understand me.”

“…I do.”

“Then blink three times.”

She did. Three blinks, in rapid succession. My knees weakened.

 

I walked a couple of laps around her, watching every angle. Apart from
the salt, there wasn’t anything strange about her. No stranger than any
other unfortunate thing I’d seen on that beach. But she was an animal,
not a person. Not a being capable of making polite conversation. And
yet…

“If you’re a whale, talking to me, explain why you’re here.”

“…I promised I would be.”

“You promised to get stranded and die?”

“…I promised to meet a friend.”

“What? What friend?”

“…she lives in the city. Would you mind fetching her for me?”

I laughed. I actually laughed. I walked in a circle with my hands on my
hips, shaking my head.

“You got some nerve, I’ll give you that.”

“…you are very helpful. That is one of many reasons I enjoy you.”

“You enjoy me? What’s the hell’s that supposed to mean?”

The whale shook a little. Was that a laugh? Can whales laugh?

 

I moved right up to Minnie and brought out a flashlight, looking into
her mouth. The voice was clearly coming from inside, but I couldn’t see
the source. Then again, a voice doesn’t really have a source, it’s just
the way you shape your airways. Problem is, whales don’t have that kind
of biology. Hence, the words couldn’t be coming from the whale.

“…are your children well?” Minnie asked.

“My children? You want to ask about my children?”

“…yes. Are they well?”

“I’d rather not talk about my children.”

“…what of the small one, is he still playing the string instrument?”

Something cold shot up my lungs. I have two sons, and the younger
started playing guitar about a year prior. He was getting pretty good. I
scratched my head, as if trying to tune my ears to only hear something
that made sense. I was so shocked by the question that I couldn’t even
begin to respond. Instead, I asked a question of my own. One I didn’t
really want an answer to.

“Do you know my family?”

“…I know them well.”

 

The whale carefully explained. It knew the name of my wife and two
children. It knew the name of my dog, and the name of the street where
we lived. It knew my full name, including my middle name, and the name
of the wildlife rescue organization I worked for. It knew the color of
the wallpaper in my bedroom; a flowery arrangement of yellow tulips and
blue sunflowers. But by then, I’d made up a theory.

“You’re just me!” I said. “You couldn’t know these things, but I do.
You’re just telling me things that are already on my mind.”

“…find the woman,” Minnie said. “She is a stranger to you, why would you
know her name?”

She had a point. If this was my own mind playing tricks, it wouldn’t be
able to pinpoint the name and address of a person I’d never heard of.
Saying things about my family was one thing, that information was
already in there, but this was something else. Something I could check.
I excused myself and walked back to my van, firing up my laptop. Minnie
had given me the full name and address. Galina. It was an unusual name,
so I’d remember seeing it.

It didn’t take long for a result to pop up. Galina was, for all intents
and purposes, a real person. I confirmed the address and the full name.
I checked my contact list and newsletters if there was ever a mention of
this woman, but she was nowhere. We didn’t even work in adjacent fields;
she was an administrator at a private prison company.

How could a whale know a name? How could it know me?

 

I contemplated my options. I could try to just go to bed and wait for
morning. I could go back and talk to Minnie a little more. Or, I could
just sit back in my van and pretend I had an answer. Neither of which
seemed like good options. I couldn’t get the phone number for Galina,
but I had her home address. I could be there just before midnight if I
left right then and there. I wasn’t about to ‘fetch her’, but maybe she
had some answers.

I checked the time, strapped my seat belt, and drove off.

Hitting the road helped a lot. I could occupy my mind with speed limits
and stop signs for a while, occasionally looking down at my GPS. I’d
gotten a text message from Freddy, asking if Minnie was okay. I assured
him that she was. He’d made an open call for more volunteers to come in
the morning to help dig her out. He was getting a lot of likes.

Galina lived in a gated community to the north. It was just further up
the pacific coastline, but it was a bit isolated. Not the usual rich
people kind of home. Once I got close, the GPS didn’t really know what
to do. There were entrances, but they were locked. There was a gated
fence, with a night guard on duty. I drove up and slowed down. He came
out with his flashlight, giving me a once-over.

“A little late for solicitation,” he said. “You lost?”

“I’m with marine wildlife rescue,” I said. “I’m looking for a Galina.”

I gave him the full name and address.

“Oh, I know she’s all about animal welfare. Not sure she’s expecting you
at this hour though…”

He picked up the phone, said three words, and looked genuinely shocked.
With no further discussion, the gate swung open, and he directed me to
the third house on the right.

 

There were rows of two-story homes and open yards. B-list movie stars
and stockbrokers. Probably some billionaires in a witness protection
program, who knows. I didn’t like the vibe of the place; nothing healthy
is ever this clean. I followed the guard’s instructions and drove up a
gravel road, stopping just short of a garage that could easily hold at
least six cars.

The moment I stepped out of my van, a man walked out the front door. He
was dressed in a bathrobe and holding a cocktail, pointing at me with
his whole hand.

“You!” he yelled. “You get the hell out!”

“I’m sorry, I was told Galina was-“

“You don’t talk to her! You get back in your car and fuck right off, you
hear me?”

I sat back down in my van, only to see a woman emerge from the house
with a handgun.

 

Galina was in her early 50’s, her pale complexion highlighting her
crow’s feet. She had these tired brown eyes, and spoke with a soft
voice. She raised the handgun towards the man with the cocktail; her
husband, or brother, one could assume. She was dolled up. Full makeup, a
yellow summer dress, and her hair all done and dandy. No handbag.

“This is happening,” she said. “It’s happening, and you’re not stopping
me.”

“For Christ’s sake Gale, you pull a gun on me?”

“You’re the one telling me you’re gonna duct tape me to a goddamn chair,
of course I’m pulling a gun!”

“You can’t be serious!”

“Twenty-eight years!” she spat back. “Twenty-eight years I’ve planned
this, and you knew it! You knew it from day one!”

She rounded the van and got in the passenger seat, still holding her
gun. She closed the door and put on the seatbelt. She nodded at me to go
as the man threw his cocktail on the windscreen, cracking it in the top
left corner.

“You can’t just leave!” he called out. “I love you! We’ve got Hayden’s
wedding in six months!”

She wasn’t answering anymore. She just looked at me, keeping her hand on
the gun.

“Drive.”

 

We left through the gate and got back on the road in silence. As the
houses disappeared behind us, she breathed a sigh of relief. She checked
her gun; a six-chambered revolver. It was fully loaded. As if just now
realizing what she was holding, she popped open the glove compartment
and threw the gun in there, holding it with two fingers like it
disgusted her. I tried to put my questions into words, but I just ended
up stammering a couple of syllables. Finally, I got a full sentence out.

“What do you think this is about?”

“The beach,” she said. “She’s back, isn’t she?”

“You mean the whale?”

“Whale,” Galina snorted. “Yeah. The ’whale’.”

She rolled her eyes, then looked at me. A realization dawned on her as
she turned to me.

“Wait, you’re not kidding, are you?”

“No, I don’t think so.”

“I thought you were part of the pod. What are you, fourth in line?
Sixth?”

“In line for what?”

She tapped me on the shoulder, pointing at a gas station up ahead. Same
one Marco and I had stopped at earlier to get hot dogs.

“Stop for a bit,” she said. “I have to do something.”

 

We parked at the gas station, and Galina hurried out. She jogged in and
started grabbing things by the armful. Cheese snacks, beef jerky, sugary
drinks and chocolates. As much as her skinny arms could carry. There
were two other guys in there, and they looked at her like she was on
drugs. She ran up to the counter and dropped it all off with a fwomp.

“Total is $39.46, will that be cash or credit?”

Galina looked back at me, then down at her snacks. She took off her
jewelry. A necklace, an earring, a wedding ring. She put it all down and
looked at the cashier.

“The ring alone is $8000. Take it.”

She pushed it over to him. The cashier just stared at her in disbelief.
He made no objection as she walked out with her arms full of snacks.
Before I could leave, he called out to me.

“Hey,” he said. “Is the lady okay?”

I shook my head and shrugged.

“I have no idea.”

 

Getting back on the road, Galina was shoveling snacks into her face,
ruining her pretty makeup and lipstick. She was almost bouncing in her
seat, making these content humming noises as we drove off.

“I can’t believe you haven’t said yes yet,” she said as she devoured a
chocolate-frosted donut. “If they got you driving, you’re pretty far
ahead though.”

“Said yes to what, exactly?”

“You know, the proposition. Isn’t that why you’re doing this?”

“I’m doing this because I need answers.”

“Well, that’s why I’m doing it too.”

“No, I need to know why a goddamn whale can talk.”

“Whales can’t talk, are you crazy?”

“Then what the hell’s that thing on the beach?”

“Why do you need a label?”

“I don’t need a label, I need to know what the hell is going on!”

Galina slowed her chewing and washed it down with some red Mountain Dew,
spilling it on her pristine dress. She was barely a quarter through her
stash, and she was already looking full, letting out a belch. She
unclipped her seatbelt, leaned back, and kicker her feet up on the
dashboard.

“When I first started, in the nineties, they were just looking for
anyone. People that didn’t have anywhere to go, people looking for
purpose, that sort of thing. But it didn’t know what it wanted, right?
So those first few people got all torn up.”

She opened the window, letting the wind ruffle her hair a bit.

“We couldn’t keep doing that. So there was a vetting process to make
sure we only brought out good people. The appropriate people. And hell,
I wasn’t even on the list! I haven’t been on the list until now, and
I’ve been begging for a spot. The fact that you haven’t agreed yet is
ludicrous.”

“Please just answer me this one thing,” I insisted. “What have you been
on the list for?”

Galina closed her eyes, letting out a relieved sigh.

“I’m going far away,” she smiled. “After all these years, I’m going far,
far, away.”

 

We made our way back to the beach, and I put the car in park. Galina
kept her eyes closed, listening to the sounds of the ocean. My phone
dinged again. Freddy was updating our socials with images of whales we’d
rescued over the years to drum up some volunteers for tomorrow. Looking
at them, I noticed something. Last whale we helped had a scar between
the eyes as well. How could I not remember that? They looked remarkably
similar.

“I’ll be honest,” Galina yawned. “I didn’t know if I wanted it at first.
It was scary as hell. But once you get a little older, a little more
mature… you know what you’re getting into.”

“You’ve met it before.”

“Oh, many times,” Galina smiled. “But she hasn’t summoned me before. Not
like this. Every time she’s returned, I’ve been rearing to go, and now,
finally…”

She clasped her hands, offering a silent prayer.

“I’m ready. Let’s go.”

 

She ran down the beach. I had trouble keeping up. As we rounded the
corner and the whale came into view, Galina threw her arms open as if
expecting a hug. The whale made a deep trembling noise and flapped a
fin.

“…you are here.”

“I’m here, I’m here!”

Galine ran up to Minnie and pressed her body against the whale’s skin.
There was not a moment of hesitation. Minnie, in return, seemed a little
livelier.

“Have you decided where I’ll go? I didn’t know what to pack, so I just
put on something pretty. It’s not the cold one, is it?”

“…not the cold one,” Minnie reassured. “You will see the green one, off
the coast of Portugal.”

“Portugal!” Galina squeed. “Oh, my darling, you know me so well.”

Galina gave the whale a kiss and turned to me. She put a hand up, waving
at me with just her fingers in a dainty goodbye.

“Thank you,” she said. “And don’t worry. It will all be fine.”

Turning back to Minnie the Whale, she held her arms open and closed her
eyes. Minnie opened her mouth.

 

Something emerged. It looked like an expanding flesh-like mass, like a
viscous balloon composed of a swarm of tendrils. Hundreds of appendages,
like oil-slick newborn arms. Each with dozens of hinge joints, covered
in brine and mucus, and ending in a long claw-like spike.

They slowly wrapped around Galina and pulled her into the whale’s mouth.

The last thing I heard from her was an excited laugh – like a kid coming
down a roller coaster.

 

I stared in disbelief, my mouth trembling. Should I say something?
Should I run? How far could it reach?

“You ate her,” I mumbled. “You fucking ate her.”

“…thank you for bringing her.”

“You tricked me! You made me do this!”

“…I asked politely.”

“What the fuck are you?”

“…you always use such colorful words.”

I took a step back as the tendrils emerged again. This time faster. One
of them reached out and tripped me while another slipped under the back
of my shirt, emerging through the collar. It felt like warm algae
rubbing against my skin.

They pulled me back. I protested and flailed, but it kept pulling me
back.

“…you made it further last time,” Minnie said. “Perhaps next time, you
will not run with such vigor.”

I was pulled in, and the whale’s mouth closed. I was poked by something
sharp as the air turned sour. It felt like being pulled across a pool of
wet jellybeans, until the ground gave way and I fell.

 

You know what the strangest thing is?

It wasn’t a new feeling. I’d felt it all before. Minnie was rifling
through my pockets, looking at all the pictures in my wallet. The one
with me and my wife in our bedroom, next to our flowery wallpaper. The
one with my youngest child playing the guitar. I was choking from a lack
of air, but there was something punctured in my leg that made my lungs
swell and recede; like I was breathing, but not through my mouth.

The best way to explain it is a conveyor belt. I was pulled down and
processed. Clothes removed, hair checked for lice, flipped back and
forth like a hamburger. Every fold of skin turned and inspected,
cataloged, evaluated. Some of the appendages had hands. Fingers.

The voice was everywhere. I’d been pulled inside it.

“…your loyalty is admirable.”

I wanted to say something, but as soon as I opened my mouth, something
pushed inside. I felt a suction against the roof of my mouth as
something chemical pushed into my brain. There was this sickly smell,
like burnt sugar and flower detergent. There was a pressure from behind
my eyes, so powerful that I couldn’t blink. I couldn’t think. My heart
wasn’t even beating of its own accord; it was accepting directions from
a foreign agent. An outside being, pushing itself in.

“…I am so pleased to have you here.”

 

I blinked. I was somewhere else, but I hadn’t moved.

I was standing on a warm beach as the sun set. Sand slipping through the
space between my toes. In the distance, a city burns. The sky is black
from smoke, blocking out the stars. The ocean bathes in lightning
strikes as a storm of the century approaches. A storm to end all storms.

Someone grabs my arm and leans on my shoulder. I turn my head to see
Galina – but not the way I’d seen her before. She was in her prime, the
crow’s feet around her eyes replaced by wonder. Her tiredness gave way
for eagerness. She still wears the same yellow summer dress. She hugs my
arm tight and closes her eyes contently.

“Don’t be discouraged,” she says. “You’ll get here soon enough.”

“I don’t want this.”

“Neither did I, at first,” she says as she kicks the sand around. “But
things change. And even if they don’t, just… look ahead.”

The closer I look at the burning city, the more impressions I get.
People cooking alive in the seat of their car. Bomb shelters
overflowing, pushing out the elderly and the sick. The sky cracking open
above the clouds, out of reach.

Galina kisses me on the cheek as she backs away, letting her feet soak
in the ocean. The water is boiling, but she doesn’t seem to mind.

“It’s not everyday you’re invited to someone’s house,” she smiles. “If
you never say yes, sooner or later, they’ll stop asking you.”

“Isn’t that a good thing?”

“Depends on the house.”

She laughs as she falls, her body dissolving in the tar-like ocean
water. The fires spread, engulfing the beach, as a hundred hands pull me
to the safety of the void.

 

 There’s a soft hand stroking my cheek. Another brushing my hair.
There’s laughter, and kindness, and beauty. A refreshing drink after a
satisfying sleep.

“…I will care for you.”

Sculpted muscles and sensual dances. Fragrant, well-combed hair on a
soft pillow. Sweet nothings whispered as I’m half-asleep.

“…would you care to stay?”

Fingers intertwining with mine. I push them away. There’s a pain in the
roof of my mouth. I shake my head, and I can’t answer, but I make my
will crystal clear. I’m willing it a ‘no’. I’m saying no. No, no, no!

“…there is always next time.”

I grab the thing in my mouth and pull. A six-inch long bone spike
recedes as an inhuman pain explodes in my cranium.

Darkness gives way to the morning sun.

 

I’m face down in the sand, naked. A bright light is crawling up on the
horizon. The water’s coming in, slipping into the corner of my open
mouth. My arm is numb. I can feel a wound on the roof of my mouth, and
it looks like I’ve been stung by something on my shoulder. There are
puncture wounds on my skin. Discoloration. Infection?

“Jesus Christ, are you okay?”

Marco’s voice. I try to turn my head, but I can’t bring myself to move.
He’s running up to me, his feet splashing me with cool ocean water. I
hear Freddy in the distance, and a lot of other people. They brought the
cavalry.

“She got loose all on her own?” he laughs. “How did she do that? How did
she-“

“Freddy, shut the fuck up and look for his clothes!”

Someone said I had a fever. A police officer was calling for medical
assistance. A dozen volunteers with Minnie the Whale shirts took
pictures of the wet outline in the sand, celebrating her departure. But
as it turns out, even people with regular experience of whales can have
accidents.

 

Minnie made it off that beach, and back into the ocean. I was taken to
the hospital and given antibiotics. My wife and kids were beside
themselves; I’d never been injured at work before. Not like this. I’d
gotten stung by nasty insects before, but that was months ago. Come to
think of it, I’d gotten similar stings last time I went to help a
beached whale. According to my wife, at least. I have no memory of it.
That one, too, had barely required any effort on our part. It’s almost
like it swam back on its own.

Marco came to visit me in the hospital, chowing down on a cheese and ham
sandwich with extra mustard. We were just talking like we always did.

“You know, Marco, I don’t like mustard.”

“I know.”

“I don’t have a taste for it, but I’m getting there. I’ve tried it.
Getting used to it.”

“Ain’t that strange?”

“I dunno, Marco. You tell me.”

He thought about it, turning the question over and over. Then he nodded.

“You know, I don’t think it is. It’s delicious. It just takes a while
for you to get that.”

“Yeah,” I nodded. “Maybe.”

 

The moment I got out of the hospital, I wrote down what I could. I’m
posting it now, but I suspect I’ll forget that I ever wrote it. Some
details are already spotty. I can’t remember what Galina’s husband
looked like, or the address where they lived. I can’t remember exactly
how tall she was. It’s like there’s this gel in my brain, hardening
around just the parts of the night that it wants me to remember. Putting
a hand on the skin of a gray whale. Lying down in my sleeping bag,
waiting for dawn.

I’ve written down what I can, and I’m sharing it. I hope I’ll come back
to this someday. I hope it happens before I change my mind. It’s going
to happen again, I know it is. She flat out told me.

I’ve been doing this for decades. I don’t know how many times I’ve said
no. I don’t know if I’ve ever been asked before. But I know for a fact
that, in my heart of hearts, this wasn’t a sure thing. I didn’t give
Minnie an immediate no.

I’ll just have a little mustard. Just a taste.

Maybe I’ll learn to like it.
