Previous case

We’re back to business as usual at Orion. Sort of. I’ll get into that in
a minute. But first, I just need to put it out there that sometimes the
clients drive me nuts. As much as I have an apparently irresistible
desire to help everyone, some people really push it. Push it right off
of a fucking cliff, that is.

I’m going to stop myself before I go off on an unhinged rant about the
woes of dealing with the public. Instead, I’ll let yinz see for
yourselves what I’ve been putting up with.

(If you’re not familiar with what Orion Pest Control’s services are, it
may help to start here.)

We received a call from a client about mosquitoes running amok in her
home. Since we had a few others to take care of that day, I informed her
that the earliest that one of us could investigate the matter was in the
afternoon. But because this woman is clearly so much more important than
everyone else, her royal highness threw a hissy fit about having to wait
like a common peasant.

I tried to be as nice as possible, “Ma’am, I understand that it’s
frustrating, but there are others that called ahead of you, so we have
to take care of their problems before we can take care of yours.”

The client huffed, “Okay, you clearly aren’t hearing me. There are
mosquitoes in my house!”

“Yes, ma’am, I heard you. However, you are not our only client, so we
ask that you please be patient and we will be there as soon as we can.”

I should also mention that this client talked out of the back of her
nose, if that helps to paint a picture of how her cadence was equally as
grating as her personality. “Okay, but do those people have mosquitoes?
Like in their house, biting them and their kid over and over? My son
could have Zika virus right now!”

Jesus Fucking Christ. I rubbed my temple with my free hand as I did my
damndest to keep my customer service persona in place, “Again, ma’am, I
understand that this is frustrating, but we have a wasp infestation and
termites to deal with before you and those families want their kids to
be safe, just like you. In the meantime, I recommend wearing bug spray
or burning a citronella candle until we can get to you. We will be there
as soon as we can.”

“You better be! And you really need to work on your customer service,
sweetie!”

The client hung up on me.

I had to pace around the office after that one. Sweetie? Shove it up
your ass, you entitled, snotty… You know what? Nevermind. I have many
words to describe clients like that and none of them are pleasant. I
hoped that she’d get mosquito bites in all of the most private areas of
her anatomy.

It probably didn’t help that I was saddled with some bitterness after
the ‘dogging’ incident. I knew that there wasn’t anything I could do
about the mechanic other than stay out of his way going forward. And
boy, did that eat me up.

On that note, I know what the mechanic is, however, even whispering the
official title of these Neighbors is enough to draw them to you. I’m not
sure if writing it counts and I’m not about to find that out the hard
way.

Just know that if you hear wings beating from the west at night, hide
and pray that you’ll be passed by. Placing a line of salt on all of the
doors and windows facing the west keeps them from coming inside. Once
they set their sights on you, they’ll never stop hunting you. Even death
itself fears them. You’ll still be running long after your heart stops
beating.

But I promise, I’ll elaborate more on that later. I’m getting ahead of
myself. Back to the case.

Reyna was at the point in her training where she could be trusted to
deal with termites on her own. After I had the wasp nests taken care of,
I set out to her royal highness’ home, and earlier than I’d told her,
might I add. I will admit that I was tempted to dally a bit just to piss
her off, but then I figured that it would be better and more
professional to just get it over with.

She looked exactly like how I pictured her to look, complete with a
weasley sneer that only the most unlikable of human beings are able to
master.

“It’s about time.” She snapped.

I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. “Where have you noticed the
mosquitoes the most?”

“Everywhere.” She said unhelpfully,

Her husband stepped in. “In the kitchen and basement, mostly.”

To make this call even better, the husband decided to take it upon
himself to follow me around as I did my inspection, asking me pointless
questions and giving me advice that I didn’t ask for.

It got to a point where his hot breath wheezed into my ear as I shined
my flashlight under their sink.

Stiffly, but politely, I asked, “Sir, can you please keep your
distance?”

His wife chipped in, “Will you let her do her job, Curtis? It took her
long enough to get here, and if you keep pestering her, it’s going to
take even longer!”

The husband puffed up and snapped, “Well, it’s my house! I need to know
that the person working in it knows what they’re doing!”

They began screaming at each other. As obnoxious and uncomfortable as it
was to have to bear witness to it, at least they weren’t focused on me
anymore. I shook my head and kept searching for the source of the
infestation.

What I was looking for was standing water, which is essential for a
mosquito’s life cycle; you eliminate the standing water, you eliminate
the infestation. The space beneath the sink was completely dry.

With the argument going on, I almost didn’t hear it. An odd little
sound. The easiest way to describe it was that it sounded like, ‘Kudo!
Kudo!’

My head turned to follow it. That’s when I noticed that one of the
floorboards was slightly raised up from the rest.

I interrupted their marital problems, “You said that your son was sick
earlier? Would he happen to have chills and a high fever?”

The client spat, “Yes, because some people-”

Not in the mood for her nonsense anymore, I cut in, “Ma’am, please just
answer the question. I am trying to help you, I really am, but I’m going
to need some more information in order to do that.”

She looked taken aback, her face bright red. While she balked, her
husband answered instead, “Our son said he was feeling under the
weather, but he does that whenever he wants to get out of something. You
know how kids are.”

Good lord. Parents of the year.

“Have you noticed your salt going missing?”

The wife blinked at me, “How did you know that?”

I told them that I’d be right back and went to retrieve a cage from the
truck. This critter is an odd one in that not only is salt not a
suitable repellent for it, but it actually loves the stuff. It can
consume as much as ten grams of salt per day. So if you find that the
salt in your home has gone missing, it could mean that a False Egg has
made a nest.

I returned with the cage and advised the couple to either move into
another room or wait outside. Would it surprise yinz when I say that
they refused? Not in the mood to argue, I just shrugged. Okay. Suit
yourselves.

I set the cage up next to the lifted floorboard, took my salt off of my
toolbelt, and sprinkled some inside the cage. It would placate the False
Egg once I got it inside.

Using my knife, I pried the floorboard up. From behind me, the husband
began to protest, but his wife snapped at him to keep still.

Meanwhile, my eyes met the beady gaze of a False Egg from where it hid
under their floorboard.

At first glance, it looks like a white chicken’s egg. If consumed, it
causes the host to lay more False Eggs. That’s how it reproduces. The
telltale signs that you’re looking at a False Egg include two dark spots
on the shell near the pointed top of the ovoid. Those are the eyes,
which they can leave closed to camouflage themselves. You may also
notice two small holes at the bottom of the shell, which is where its
legs can retract in and out. Mosquitoes follow False Eggs wherever they
nest, though it’s unclear why.

Generally, they’re more of an annoyance than anything. However, they can
cause flu-like symptoms in those that they feel threatened by, so they
do pose a slight danger to those with compromised immune systems.

To my surprise, the False Egg leapt out of its nest and into the cage,
tucking its legs back into its shell comfortably. Even though it didn’t
seem to have any intentions of moving, I quickly shut the door of its
cage.

For the first time since I arrived, the clients were speechless. The
woman had a hand over her open mouth while the man stared at the False
Egg in a mixture of horror and disgust.

It wasn’t until I stood up with the cage that the man asked, “What the
hell is that?”

“The source of the infestation.” I replied. “I’ll take this guy out to
the truck. The mosquitoes should follow him, but just to be sure, I’m
going to ask that you all leave the house for a few hours so that I can
apply a chemical treatment that’ll kill off any stragglers. And your
son’s condition should improve in a day or two.”

The couple didn’t give me any trouble. They quietly collected their sick
teenaged son, saying something about getting ice cream, then fucked off
to do whatever while I dealt with the rest of the mosquitoes.

Once I was done, I drove off to release the False Egg somewhere where it
could complete its life cycle away from humans. It is able to reproduce
in any mammal. While forcing other organisms to lay eggs is bizarre and
can be alarming for the affected individual, it doesn’t appear to hurt
the hosts, other than causing some mild abdominal discomfort. Once the
False Egg is laid, the host goes back to normal, which is why we
generally don’t feel the need to kill them.

Unexpectedly, the False Egg talked to me.

It had a small, soft, mousy voice. “Thanks for getting me out of there.”

I glanced at the False Egg. I had its cage on the passenger’s seat. Its
eyes were visible, along with its little white legs as it sat on the
bottom of its cage. It looked up at me as it wiggled its small feet
absent-mindedly.

Whenever it spoke, a small crack that resembled a toothy mouth appeared
in its shell. That was something to add to our records: not only are
False Eggs capable of speech, but their mouths are located below their
eye spots.

Stunned, I said, “You’re welcome.”

The False Egg continued, “Oh, those humans are vile! I hadn’t realized
it when I first made my nest. Do you want to know why I made the boy
sick?”

“Why?”

So that’s how I learned every aspect of this family’s lives. I’m sure
yinz care even less than I do about some suburbanites’ interfamily
drama, so I’ll just say that it wasn’t bad enough to warrant a call to
social services, but enough that I can see why that kid probably
couldn’t wait to turn 18. Overbearing mother, father trying to use his
son to relive his glory days as a high school athlete. The False Egg had
done the boy a solid, giving him just enough of a fever to excuse him
from lacrosse tryouts.

“Where are we going?” The False Egg asked after telling me all that
information that I didn’t know what to do with.

“Back to the forest.”

The False Egg kept swinging its little feet, “Can you take me somewhere
nice? If it’s not any trouble?”

Why not? Maybe some scenery would improve my mood.

So me and my little egg buddy took a little drive to the pond. It was a
picturesque area as well as a nice environment for a False Egg. They
prefer caves, but as long as they’re near water, they’ll be fine. When I
opened its cage, the False Egg hopped out, its little eyes and shelled
body swiveling to take in the peaceful sight.

“Oh, this is wonderful! Thank you!” Before it skipped off, it paused. “I
think it would only be right if I told you something that could help,
since you brought me here.”

It turned, its shell splitting to form a mouth as it hesitated before
speaking, “If you hear whispers in the woods, even if it sounds like
someone you care about, don’t listen. The louder they are, the safer you
are. They get quieter as they get closer to confuse you.”

Hold on. That didn’t make any sense. The whispers had gotten louder and
more urgent as I approached the mechanic’s clearing.

Unless I was wrong and he wasn’t the one doing it.

I asked, “Is the whispering thing disguising itself as a mechanic?”

The False Egg tilted to the side thoughtfully, “I’m afraid not. It
doesn’t like to pretend to be human.”

So there was something else out there with me when I went looking for
Victor. I remembered then that the whispers had stopped once I got close
to the mechanic’s clearing. When I unintentionally allowed them to lead
me astray, they took me in the opposite direction of where he’d been
waiting. Interesting.

With the False Egg wandering off to establish a new nest that was far
away from humans, I headed back to the office, unsure of how to feel
about the information it had given me.

Victor looked annoyed when I came in. The clients had called to complain
about my ‘poor customer service.’ Wow. Okay.

“Next time, just leave the False Egg there.” Victor said, rubbing the
bridge of his nose. “They want to complain about poor customer service?
We can show them bad service!”

“It’s fine, Vic.” I replied. “Just let them leave their one star Google
review and move on.”

“These fucking people…” He grumbled.

Victor’s headspace hasn’t been much better than mine. He’s been pretty
much stuck waiting by the phone for those ominous calls that the
mechanic mentioned in the woods. They don’t happen often, but when they
do, he gets grim. Quiet. He hasn’t told me in detail what has been
requested of him. I don’t know if he simply doesn’t want to talk about
it or if he’s sworn to secrecy.

We’d had a long, uncomfortable talk during one of my days off while
recovering from getting dogged. Victor stopped by with coffee and a box
of donut holes. He drank the coffee, but left the donut holes untouched.
We sat in my small kitchen, him staring intently into his black coffee,
me quietly adding more sugar to my mocha.

I broke the silence. “What did you want me to see the other day?”

“I couldn’t outright tell anyone that I was dead. Not without the
mechanic finding out.” He continued after some hesitation. “It feels
selfish saying it now, but… I just wanted someone to know what happened
to me.”

Victor pulled the bandana aside with a finger, revealing that a jagged,
red grin had been carved across his throat. I shuddered, being
forcefully reminded once again how thin skin truly is.

He quickly pulled it back into place.

That prompted me to ask, “Is the mechanic the one that…?” I pointed to
my neck.

Victor shook his head. I asked him who did.

His expression darkened, “Someone I used to use with. He didn’t believe
me when I told him that I was still clean and couldn’t help him get his
next hit. Everything happened so fast after that. Before I knew it, I
woke up in his trunk. My chest felt empty. It’s strange, you know? You
don’t notice your own heartbeat until it’s not there anymore.”

I shook my head slowly, a knot in my stomach as I whispered, “Jesus,
Vic. Where is he now?”

“He can’t hurt anyone else. We’ll leave it at that.” Victor muttered.

I took in a shaky breath. I couldn’t believe that he’d been keeping all
of this in. It was a lot to take in at once, so I could only imagine how
much worse it was to be the one experiencing it.

Like I said, I don’t blame him for what happened. He must’ve felt so
alone.

After I regained my composure, I asked, “So… what does the mechanic have
to do with this?”

Victor hesitated again, eventually saying, “He couldn’t touch me while I
was alive, so he made sure that death couldn’t get to me before he
could. That’s why I was trying to keep my condition quiet; I was hoping
that I could outlast him long enough for the Reaper to catch up.
Unfortunately, the fucker is good at what he does and knew that I’d drag
someone else into my bullshit eventually.”

I shook my head, “I dragged myself into it. I could’ve just minded my
own business, but I didn’t. I chose to go out there, even though I
didn’t know what I was dealing with. And I chose to say the wrong thing
to the mechanic to set him off.”

“You wouldn’t have been in that position if I hadn’t said anything.”

“So what happens now? You’re just… forced to do these calls?”

Victor sighed, “It’s either that, or I join the ones in the trees.”

The skulls. Grimly, I wondered if those trapped souls were still aware.
If they knew what had happened to them.

I slumped down in my seat. “Is there anything we can do?”

“As of right now, no. We just go to work, keep our heads down, do what
we have to do. And from now on, I’ll deal with the mechanic, even if
it’s for something as trivial as changing a tire. He’s my problem, no
one else’s.”

So that’s where we’re at. Victor’s technically not alive or dead, but a
secret third, worse thing.

Speaking of worse things, we got an emergency call in the middle of the
night.

After we close for the day, Victor routes calls to his phone in case
there is something that can’t wait until the next day. Thankfully, this
is an extremely rare occurrence; up until this incident, it’s only
happened twice since I’ve been with Orion. I joined Victor for one of
those two emergency calls. Even though it’s been two years since that
night, I still hear the crunching of bones in my dreams.

Something yinz need to know about the farmers around here is that they
know how to take care of themselves. They have more encounters with the
atypical than anyone else and for the most part, they know how to live
amongst things like the Neighbors in relative peace. They know about
leaving cream out to appease them. They know about what measures to take
to defend themselves and their animals. They’re a tough bunch and they
usually prefer to take care of things themselves. It’s highly unusual
for them to reach out to us.

So when Victor told me over the phone that the emergency call was at one
of the farms, I knew it was going to be bad.

When he first described what the farmers were contending with, my
stomach dropped. The client’s brother was found on the porch with his
chest entirely deflated, deliberately placed into a chair that was moved
in front of the door where the family could see him.

The farmers were holed up in their home. The woman of the house was
pregnant, due within the next few days, which made moving her extremely
difficult. They could hear whatever killed the brother giggling and
tapping on the windows, mocking them. Victor was already on his way
there.

I arrived with my toolbelt along with a shotgun and shells filled with
rock salt. This may sound ridiculous, but I also donned a collar that
I’d made last summer by hammering long ass carpenter nails into the
leather, then coating their pointed tips with silver. I looked a bit
like a goth club reject, but when dealing with things that like to go
for the throat, you gotta put your pride aside.

Victor’s truck was in the driveway, but he was nowhere in sight. Shotgun
at the ready, I glanced around as I approached the house. The body was
still on the porch, untouched after the poor man had been posed there.
It looked far worse than what Victor had described. His chest had caved
in, like everything inside of him had been sucked clean out. His face
was frozen in surprise rather than horror or pain. He’d been caught off
guard and was dead long before he could react.

Wings. I turned, pulling the trigger just in time as the pest tormenting
this family dove at me. It tumbled to the ground with an enraged shriek.

It appeared to be a woman. Well… half of one. Her legs were gone, brown
entrails dangling sickeningly from her gray torso. Her leathery, hooked
wings trembled as she used her bony arms to raise herself up to snarl at
me, curling her lips to reveal doglike fangs. I shot at her again. She
jolted as the shell took a chunk out of her skull.

That wouldn’t kill her. Both her and I knew it. She skittered like a
cockroach, an elongated tongue shooting out of her mouth, quick as a
whip. I flinched, turning my head so she couldn’t reach my face,
grateful for the collar as I felt the proboscis slam into its spikes.
The impact knocked me off balance, causing me to stumble. I leaned into
it, hitting the ground and out of reach of the next swipe of her tongue.

I took aim again, knocking her back a few feet. A dark shape suddenly
appeared from the barn, a glint of metal shining in the figure’s hand.
Victor.

“I can’t find the lower half.” He hissed when I was in earshot.

That meant we were going to have to keep her from rejoining the lower
half of her body until sunrise. It was three in the morning.

Because nothing can ever be easy.

Victor had found chains and a padlock in the barn. They should be heavy
enough to restrain her. We’d just have to get close. Without her sucking
our insides out, preferably.

She was back in the air. I took another shot. I’d have to reload soon. I
hoped that I’d have enough shells to last the next two hours. At the
rate I was going, I’d burn through them in the next ten minutes.

Unfortunately, I missed as she soared towards the house. I used my last
shot and thankfully knocked her out of the air. As I hurriedly reloaded,
Victor rushed towards the fallen creature, kneeling on her chest to keep
her from taking off again as he fought to get the chain around her.

I heard him make a terrible choking sound, followed by her retching.
She’d gotten her proboscis down his throat, but had withdrawn it even
quicker than she had gotten it down. I guess undead viscera doesn’t
taste very good.

As she gagged, Victor pressed his forearm against her throat, pinning
her so that she couldn’t sink her fangs into him. I raced over, setting
the shotgun on the ground next to me so that I could help him restrain
her. While he held her, I coiled the chain around her squirming torso.

She began to laugh. When she spoke, it sounded like an old woman and a
young girl speaking in unison, “Do you think a chain will be enough to
stop me?”

I kept going. She wiggled one wing out from beneath her, jabbing the
hook into the hollow of my shoulder. I gasped as it pressed deeper into
my skin. Victor roughly pushed her wing back down, the violent
withdrawal of the hook making me see stars. Through all of that, I still
kept going.

We turned her onto her side so that Victor could pin her wings against
her back. She screeched the entire time, the proboscis shooting back to
slap him in the cheek.

We almost had her. Then we heard a wail from inside the house. What
now?!

The pest abruptly paused in her struggles to leer at us, then she sang,
“The baby’s coming!”

You’ve got to be kidding me.

Her fighting resumed with far more force than before. That man that
she’d killed had merely been an appetizer for her. The baby was her true
prize. Her eyes were wild with excitement, saliva dripping off of her
fangs as she watched the front door open.

Shitshitshit!

“Go back inside!” Victor shouted as we both used all that we had to try
to keep the pest in place.

The farmer yelled back, distress making his voice higher, “Something’s
wrong! I have to get her to the hospital!”

I risked a glance. The woman was white as a sheet, holding onto her
husband for dear life as he half led half dragged her to his truck.
Blood stained the inside of the woman’s legs.

At the sight of it, Victor froze. I didn’t like the way he looked at the
woman then. Oh no. The creature went into a complete frenzy. She managed
to get her fangs into Victor’s arm, wrenching a cry of agony from him as
she ripped a sizable chunk of flesh out. His hold on her loosened just
enough that she could wriggle a wing out.

I screamed as I felt her beginning to slip away, frantically reaching
for the nearest part of her, which was unfortunately her dangling
intestines. It was like trying to hold onto oversized wet noodles, my
hands slipping in her chunky blood as I struggled to slow her down.

They just needed to reach the truck. We just had to keep her here just
long enough for them to get a head start.

I just hoped that I wouldn’t end up having to protect them from my boss,
too.

She roared as she turned and slashed me across the brow with one of her
clawed fingers. My vision went dark in my right eye. Numbly, I wondered
if she ripped my eye out, or if it was just from the pain. By some
miracle, I didn’t let go.

Fortunately, the bite seemed to snap Victor out of whatever had happened
to him when he saw the woman’s blood. At least for the moment. He
scrambled across the ground, seizing my shotgun. His first shot missed.
The second one hit her left wing. The farmer had the truck’s passenger
side door open as he helped his wife inside. The pest reached a talon
towards them, trying to drag herself closer. Victor was back on his feet
and marched over to shoot her in the head. Once. Twice.

The truck’s engine roared to life. With it, the pest screeched in rage,
the sound warped by the damage done to her mouth after Victor had
unloaded on her. She flailed as she watched her prize speed down the
road.

But it wasn’t over. The gunshot wound in her wing was already closing
up. It wouldn’t take her long to catch up to them if we lost her.

My cheek was wet. Turns out, I didn’t lose an eye. I just had blood in
it. Thank God. I crawled over her, trying the chains again as Victor
went back to holding her wings against her body.

She called him every foul name in the book, words slurring from her
destroyed jaw. One of them touched a nerve: “Bitch of the Wild Hunt.” He
wordlessly snatched the salt from my belt and poured it over her face,
holding her jaw to shove the container into her mouth. She gurgled and
started to convulse as the salt was forced down her throat. That shut
her up.

With the chain pinning her arms and wings against her body, Victor dug
the padlock out of his pocket, using it to secure the links.

“I’m going to try to get her to the barn.” He yelled over the sound of
her agitated howls.

I retrieved the shotgun and followed him as he carried the squirming,
shrieking pest towards the barn. I pressed the palm of my hand to the
cut on my brow. A flutter of unease went through my gut as it occurred
to me that I could be in danger from Victor as well.

It didn’t help that the pest had noticed it, too. She was goading him,
“That girl smells sweet, doesn’t she?”

“You want more salt in your mouth?” He threatened flatly. “We got plenty
and we have some time until sunrise.”

She cackled, “You can’t tell me that your mouth isn’t watering thinking
of her soft flesh between your teeth. Her blood warming your tongue. You
long to feel warm again, don’t you, dead man?”

The borderline pornographic way that she spoke about devouring me made
me intensely uncomfortable.

“Keep it up and I’ll pack the salt up your nose, too.” Victor retorted.

Once we got to the barn, we found an empty stall, which he tossed her
into. I didn’t follow him into the stall. My gut was telling me that
something was off.

He drew a circle of salt around her. As long as it wasn’t broken, it
would trap her until sunrise.

I didn’t think the boss would ever intentionally hurt me. But the way he
looked at that woman…

What if he couldn’t control himself?

Victor shut the stall door behind him, leaving the pest to wail and
swear at us from her prison.

His eyes went to my forehead, “That looks like it hurts.”

I swallowed back the lump in my throat. There it was again. That look.

“Stay back, Vic.” I said calmly, my unease growing.

He took a deep breath, his eyes closing. I took a small step away from
him, towards the exit to the barn.

I kept my voice even, “Vic, be honest with me. Is it safe to be around
you right now?”

Victor stayed where he was, still not looking at me. He eventually
answered, “Probably not.”

I took another step towards the door. “I’m going to leave.”

He nodded, eyes still shut, “I think that would be best. I’ll make sure
that she stays in the stall.”

As I backed towards the door, afraid to turn my back on him, I said,
“I’ll uh… see you at work tomorrow.”

“Yeah. See ya.”

I didn’t dare turn my back on him until I’d left the barn. He didn’t
move a muscle the entire time. As I made my way back to my G6, I kept
looking over my shoulder. Victor didn’t follow me. I made it back to my
car without incident.

I thought back to when I’d found him in the butcher shed. Looking back,
I’m pretty sure that he’d been eating it.

Once I was in my apartment, I quickly drew lines of salt in front of all
my doors and windows. It made me feel somewhat safer. I inspected the
injuries on my forehead and shoulder. After cleaning them both up, I
determined that I should probably see a doctor in the morning. In the
meantime, I covered them both with gauze.

I painfully settled down onto my bed, my entire body aching. Even though
I felt like a dish towel that had been wrung out over and over again, I
knew that I wasn’t going to be getting much sleep. My mind was racing
too much.

Against my better judgment, I ended up texting Victor, ‘Are you a
draugr?’

His response was, ‘i think so’

Draugr are known for their grotesque appetites. The joke Reyna and I had
been making about him being a ‘high-functioning zombie’ wasn’t all that
far off, after all.

I reminded myself that Victor wasn’t a complete monster. He’d at least
had enough control over himself not to hurt me or either of the farmers.
But the temptation had clearly been there. That begged the question of
what his limits were.

Was it safe to work with him? Injuries aren’t exactly uncommon at Orion.
Maybe that’s why he’s been sending Reyna and I together for two person
jobs rather than going on calls with us.

I received another message from him, ‘if you want to quit I understand’

I didn’t, though. As stressful as working here can be, I do enjoy my
job, weirdly enough. I’ve been treated better here than by any other
employer and I like having only two other coworkers to worry about,
especially since I get along well with both of them. But the biggest
reason why quitting hasn’t occurred to me is that I wouldn’t be able to
just walk away from all that I’d learned about the atypical cases. There
was no way I could live a normal life after working at Orion.

I also wanted to keep an eye on Victor. Between whatever the mechanic
was forcing him to do and his transformation, there was a lot that I was
concerned about. As much as I didn’t want to think about having to trap
or kill Victor, if it came down to it… I’d do what needed to be done.

I sent back, ‘hazard pay? 👀’

His reply was, ‘😒’

A moment later, I received, ‘we’ll discuss it when I don’t have a
manananggal mf’ing me’

Yinz see why I kept calling her a ‘pest’ rather than trying to type that
long name out each time? I guarantee I would have misspelled it several
different ways.

When the sun rose, I received another message from Victor, ‘it’s over.
thanks for your help’

We found out later in the afternoon that the hospital had been able to
save the farmers’ baby. She was going to have to stay longer in the
hospital, but otherwise, she and their newborn daughter were alright.

What was alarming was that the dead man’s body had been desecrated at
some point after I left. It was believed that the pest had been the one
to take chunks out of his neck, shoulder, and chest. I wasn’t going to
be the one to tell the family the truth. They’d been through enough
already without the news that the one they’d relied on for protection
had gotten hungry.

I wondered if being exposed to so much blood had been the trigger. I
suppose I should just be glad that Victor had eaten a man who was
already dead instead of me or another living person.

Like I said, I’m going to have to keep an eye on him. In the meantime…
maybe don’t demand to speak to the manager.

Update: The mechanic took me on a drive.
