Previous case

Hi, it’s Reyna.

Before anyone panics, don’t worry, Nessa’s fine… ish. As fine as someone
who’s just experienced a life-altering injury can be, anyway.

(If you’re not familiar with what Orion Pest Control’s services are, it
may help to start here.)

She and I haven’t felt safe in our apartments since finding out who owns
them, especially after what that scumbag did to her. It keeps replaying
over and over in my mind in slow motion, even though it happened so
fast. The ant’s jaws closing around her wrist like a guillotine. The way
her face paled, but her expression didn’t change as if she knew what
happened, but hadn’t realized yet that it had happened to her.

There hadn’t been much of a sound, even though there should’ve been. No
bones cracking, or flesh tearing. Just a sickening soft thud as her hand
hit the ground.

Upon Nessa’s insistence, Fireball and I have been staying with her and
Deirdre while we look for somewhere else that isn’t being managed by
Gwythyr’s real estate group. In the meantime, all of us have been doing
what we can to help her as she readjusts. Deirdre and I mainly have been
doing manual tasks that are easy to take for granted: opening mail,
operating a can opener, and showering, just to name a few.

Fireball has been doing her part by getting into Skunk Shenanigans. My
horrible child went missing for hours only to be found chilling in a
cupboard. She’s also learned quickly that Deirdre is a softie, so every
time she passes by the fridge, the little brat stomps at her, knowing
that she’ll get at least one grape. Thought I raised her better than
this.

Meanwhile, both Victor and Nessa’s mother have been navigating the
frustrating journey with her prosthetist (or, as Nessa likes to refer to
her, the ‘arms dealer.’) On a completely unrelated note, if you feel
like dying a little inside, look up how much hand prosthetics cost. But
if you don’t feel like crying today, I’ll save you the search and say
that I don’t blame her for ultimately deciding to take Psycho Mantis up
on his offer.

Of course, Nessa has been Nessa about all of this, which is to say
stubborn. Not wanting to admit that she’s having trouble.

It’s because I kept fiddling with that stupid gun. She wouldn’t have had
to get so close to it if I could’ve just… Nope. We talked about this in
therapy. Blaming myself for an event so I can give myself some sense of
control. At least, that’s what the nice doctor lady said.

For the record, nobody has blamed me for what happened. As per usual, I
am my own problem. But I’m not the only one losing the wrestling match
to my personal demons.

One evening, while my troublesome puffball of a daughter chewed on my
hoodie strings as I browsed house listings, I totally didn’t eavesdrop
on Deirdre and Nessa discussing the self-loathing brain demons in hushed
tones.

“Please don’t push yourself so much, love.” Deirdre was urging her with
so much gentleness in her voice that it made my heart ache.

“What else am I supposed to do?” Nessa replied wearily. “Wait around
until we can get this hand thing figured out while Gwythyr is doing
God-knows-what with those things?”

“Yes, that is exactly what you need to do. You need to take care of
yourself and let us take care of you, too. That includes Gwythyr and
those fiendish insects. You’re not dealing with this alone. Remember
what the boss always says?”

I mouthed along with Nessa as she recited, “‘We’re not heroes, we’re
pest control specialists.’”

“Exactly,” Deirdre murmured. “It’s not all on just you. We’re all in
this together, which means that the best thing you can do - not just for
yourself, but for everyone else - is to focus on healing. Can you do
that?”

Because I’ve gotten so close to Nessa that we’re at that stage of
friendship where boundaries are borderline nonexistent, I scooped up my
gremlin and announced my presence, “Hey, I was one hundred percent
listening in on your conversation and Deirdre is right.”

Nessa snorted while Deirdre shook her head at me with a small smirk,
pretending to disapprove.

“I was wondering,” Nessa said, starting to laugh. “You and the stinker
were being suspiciously quiet.”

The stinker in question had begun to squirm in my arms. While I fought
to keep a hold of my child, I replied, “Anyhoozles, we’re all here for
you. Just leave it to us, alright?”

Deirdre gave her a warm smile as she took Nessa’s hand, “Looks like we
outnumber you.”

“Can’t believe I’m being bullied and ganged up on in my own home.” Nessa
pretended to be outraged, but the gratitude in her face gave her away.

Furthermore, we went on to discuss the seeds. She admitted she was
nervous to try them, given all the issues Psycho Mantis had with them.
She also brought up another thing I hadn’t wanted to give voice to: the
Hunt never does anything out of the kindness of their hearts.

If she asked them to do this for her, what would they want in return?

And that price is why I’m here instead of Nessa. I took that cost for
her. ~~Mom said it’s my turn to trauma dump on the Reddit account.~~

Psycho Mantis had called Victor, telling him that they had everything
they needed to do the operation; they’d be waiting for her at the
ultimate Dog Mom’s newly de-ratted residence. Since Deirdre doesn’t know
how to drive and Nessa doesn’t feel safe only having one hand to operate
the Jeep with, I offered to be their chauffeur.

Despite knowing that Psycho Mantis would probably have Opinions about
her presence, Deirdre had insisted on going along. She’d been hellbent
on supporting Nessa through every step of the way, and with the way that
the whole seed procedure went after the hag incident, it seemed like
Nessa was going to need all the moral support she could get.

Nessa commented that the house looked better than the last time she saw
it. However, she noticeably flinched when she saw Dog Mom’s fur babies
frolicking in the muddied yard, courtesy of the storms that’ve been
rolling through for the past week. To my eyes, the hounds are kind of
cute, in an intimidating and otherworldly sort of way. I’d rather not
know what they really look like.

Upon entry, we were greeted by the grating squeal of a drill. Psycho
Mantis was preoccupied with securing a light fixture while suspended in
midair by either his hidden wings, pixie dust, or evil bitch energy.
Meanwhile, Dog Mom was glaring down at a bundle of wires as if they’d
personally insulted her by being tangled.

Nessa took charge, glancing between the two of them, “Good afternoon.
I’m here to get a hand out?”

Dog Mom stopped trying to untangle the knot with her mind to turn and
glower up at Nessa, not appearing to appreciate the pun. “The medic is
in the living room. Be prepared for him to talk your ear off. He’s got
an annoying amount of energy.”

Unfortunately, mentioning the thorny boi summoned him. I resisted the
urge to shrink back when he appeared in the arched hallway to announce,
“I just woke up from a twelve hour nap and I feel like I could
fist-fight God.”

Oh boy.

“That’s not a nap, that’s a coma.” Dog Mom retorted flatly.

He ignored her, looking Nessa up and down before being completely
normal, “Speaking of fighting gods, how’d you like Gwythyr? Overwhelmed
by his profound small dick energy? ‘King of the Baby Carrots’ seems more
appropriate than ‘the Oak King,’ am I right?”

He really just says words in whatever order he wants, huh?

Psycho Mantis smirked down at Nessa, who appeared to be just as taken
aback as I was by the brand new sentence we just heard, “You have fun
with that!”

Her eyes narrowed at him in dismay. At least when she was annoyed with
their antics, she didn’t look so afraid. She looked a bit more like
herself.

There’s a part of me that wonders if that was the idea. Their way of
distracting her from her own misery. An unexpected display of… is
kindness the right word? Kinship, maybe? Camaraderie?

Meanwhile, Briar flashed Psycho Mantis a rude hand gesture, before
nodding towards where he’d come from, “Let’s get this started. It’s
going to take some time, so the sooner we get to it, the better.”

With a shake of her head, she flounced after him while Deirdre and I
just sort of shrugged to each other before following suit. However,
before we could leave the other two Hunters to their toiling, Psycho
Mantis spoke to me without looking up from his work, “Mind stayin’ a
minute, witchdoctor?”

Even though he’d spoken to me in a neutral manner, I stiffened.
Ordinarily, he doesn’t acknowledge my existence unless he has to. By and
large, I don’t really seem to matter much to him, and honestly, I was
more than okay to fade into his background considering that the few
times he has set his sights on me have been awful.

Deirdre paused in the archway between rooms, fretting at me in concern.
Likewise, Nessa had stalled to figure out what was going on.

“I’ll be fine,” I assured them, even though I wasn’t certain of that.
Not in the slightest. But Nessa’s problems far outweighed mine. “I’ll be
there in a sec.”

“Do you want me to…” Deirdre started to ask, but then the question
dissolved in her mouth when Dog Mom cleared her throat loudly.
Similarly, Psycho Mantis was giving Deirdre an impatient glare.

While I was terrified to be alone with him, I forced myself to whisper,
“She needs you more.”

Dog Mom had abandoned her disobedient wires, slowly herding Deirdre into
the next room like a sheepdog guiding a highly worried lamb. As she was
ushered away, Deirdre hesitantly nodded, giving me an apologetic look
before leaving me to the local devil.

The heavy thud of his steel-toed boots on the ground made me flinch as
he joined me on the ground. “You wouldn’t be my first choice, but seein’
as Fiona’s outta commission, you’re gonna have to do.”

First of all, rude. Second of all: “Um… What’s up?”

Psycho Mantis set the drill down on the counter. I didn’t realize how
nervous him holding it had made me until it was out of his grasp.

He gave me his usual, fake ass ‘I’m Just A Friendly Country Boy’ grin,
“Somethin’s here that shouldn’t be, which could be useful. You’re gonna
help me find it.”

This was it. The moment I’d been dreading since I uttered the dreaded
‘s’ word. I’d thought I would have more time before the devil collected
his due.

With Neighborly debts, there’s no getting out of them. It doesn’t matter
that we are technically on the same side, now. By his terms, he gave me
my life, therefore he had just cause to take it away if the mood struck
him. That old deal only protected us from soul theft, and there wasn’t a
doubt in my mind Psycho Mantis was also well aware of all this fact.

Knowing that I had no choice in the matter, but being so brave about it,
I agreed, “Okay.”

From the other room, Briar had already started examining what was left
of Nessa’s wrist in the makeshift ward he’d established in Dog Mom’s
living room. Reluctantly, she sat down in the armchair beside him,
occasionally leaning over to keep an eye on me. Briar had to yank her
back a few times when she strayed too far out of his reach. The entire
time, Deirdre just held her remaining hand comfortingly, glancing
between the both of us.

Psycho Mantis grabbed his coat from where it hung on the back of one of
Dog Mom’s dining chairs, calling casually, “We’ll be back. Cooler still
in the shed?”

“Yeah, it’s ready for you. Bye! Love you, pumpkin!” Briar responded,
then had to stop Nessa from bolting after us by placing a hand on her
shoulder with a stern, “No.”

Her alarmed eyes met mine as I mouthed to her that it’s fine, but once
again, I wasn’t sure if I was telling the truth.

I’d expected Psycho Mantis to make some sort of snarky remark about how
even Nessa didn’t think that I could handle anything on my own, then
maybe monologue for a while about how useless I am. But all he did was
jokingly proclaim his undying love to the thorny boi before telling me
that he’d drive.

Before getting into the truck, I gave Vic and Wes a heads up, just in
case something happened. For good measure, I also shared my location.
Prior to setting off, he also loaded the cooler he and Briar discussed
into the bed. He didn’t share what was in it.

After a few uncomfortable minutes of driving, Psycho Mantis side-eyed me
as he drawled, “You gonna be this quiet the entire time?”

I didn’t know what to say, but I got the impression that the usual
mundane, Midwestern pleasantries such as the weather wouldn’t make the
cut. What exactly do you say to a psychopathic Dragonfly? ‘How ‘bout
them Penguins?’ ~~Tell me you’re an overthinker without telling me
you’re an overthinker.~~

“Those… ants were pretty…’ I struggled to find a fitting adjective.
“Gnarly.”

Yup, nailed it.

The side eye became slightly less scathing. Just slightly. “That’s one
word for ’em.”

Maybe if I talk about what happened in Gwythyr’s cement fortress,
that’ll help.

After I said the ‘s’ word, Psycho Mantis burst through the window like
the Kool-Aid Man. The ants had stopped dead in their tracks, refusing to
go near him. All he did was advance on them. In the meantime, I’d been
using every ounce of strength that I had left to drag Nessa to one of
the connecting rooms, discovering that it was a bathroom. A dead end.

She was still breathing, but she wasn’t moving, and far too pale. Her
blood stained the shining white tiles. She’d been dead weight in my
arms. In my haste to get her to relative safety, I ended up collapsing
with her on top of me, pinning my legs as I fought to get my sore lungs
to work.

Psycho Mantis had glided through the doorway just as I managed to squirm
out from beneath her to squeeze her amputated wrist. Trying to stop the
blood. It was slower, now. My hands fell to the ground in front of me as
he gathered her in his arms effortlessly.

“Where’s the truck?” His voice had that same eerie calm as when he dealt
with the white stag.

Between the exhaustion and terror, all I could do was nod as I got to my
feet. On our way out, the ants’ legs and jaws could be heard clicking
throughout the house. I stayed near him. Even though I wasn’t sure why,
I knew that they wouldn’t come close as long as Psycho Mantis was around
and that was good enough for me.

He’d stayed with her in the back of the truck, keeping an eye on her
severed wrist, making sure that she didn’t get jostled too much during
the drive. I honestly don’t know how I got us to the hospital without
crashing; I’d been crying and going a solid twenty over the speed limit.
But we got there and they did what they had to do for Nessa.

So yeah. That was a day.

Snapping back to reality, I asked, “Why were the ants scared of you?”

“Oh, they ain’t. We just can’t do shit to each other ’til Calan Mai,” He
shrugged. “You can thank good ol’ King Arthur for that one.”

“Oh. Alright. Also, I…” How was I supposed to say this without beholding
myself even further with him? I went with: “I just want to say that it
was good of you to help us.”

When he got quiet, staring out the windshield with his jaw tight, I
thought I’d fucked up.

“You saved her, too, ya know,” He replied eventually, making my own jaw
drop. “If you weren’t there, they woulda killed her right then and
there.”

Did I hear that right? The truck hit a bump. Judging by the ensuing ache
in my tailbone, this was neither dream nor illusion. With how surreal
this experience was, either option seemed more reasonable than the idea
that he’d spoken those words out loud. Of all the people to soothe my
conscience, I never would have thought in a million years it would be
Psycho Mantis.

“I didn’t know what to do,” I muttered, hoping my voice wouldn’t crack
as I turned to the passenger side window to hide the tears that
threatened to fall. “I just knew that I couldn’t let her…”

The word ‘die’ felt too heavy on my tongue. It wouldn’t leave, so it
seemed best to swallow it, let it fester in my chest where it belonged.

“Good thing you didn’t,” He replied, flashing a smile that didn’t match
the chill of his voice. “Otherwise you’d owe me far more than you do
now.”

This is fine.

For the rest of the drive, I tried not to act like some twitchy prey
animal, but that’s kind of hard to do when you’re being driven around by
a psychopathic fairy to an undisclosed location. Especially after he’d
just admitted that he would’ve killed you for failing to protect your
best friend.

Our destination ended up being the Pennsylvania Wilds. For those who
haven’t been there, it’s a massive stretch of forest that’s conserved by
the state, spanning across thirteen counties. As long as you stay near
the regular tourist places, it’s safe-ish. Not just because of Neighbors
(Orion has been called to rescue some idiot campers a few times for
messing with things they shouldn’t) but bears are a thing. Elks are no
joke, either. Although, on that subject, I do have to say that it is
very funny when people make a big stink about ‘hearing strange noises’
when it’s just bugling season.

All in all, please do your research before going on vacation. Please.
For your own sake. You really want to be That Guy Who Disturbed An
Entire Campsite And A Pest Control Company Because He Thought A Horny
Elk Was Bigfoot?

And yes, this TedX Talk was inspired by true events. City slickers…

Anyways, without bothering to fill me in on anything, Psycho Mantis
parked at one of the trailheads, then hopped out to retrieve his banjo
from the bed. Isn’t he afraid of that thing getting damaged? Granted,
Victor unsuccessfully tried to smash it once, and if that thing can
withstand furious draugr strength, it can probably survive pretty much
anything. I scurried after him, nearly falling out of the truck in my
haste to keep up.

If I’d known he was going to be dragging me into the deep woods, I
would’ve brought bug spray. Among everything else I had to be squeamish
about, ticks were quickly making it to the top of my list. It would be
my luck to survive hell ants, the Wild Hunt, and a Dullahan, only to die
from Rocky Mountain Fever.

After doing what I could to keep up with the Huntsman while trying not
to trip over fallen branches in the deep woods, I eventually asked,
“What are we doing, exactly?”

For the first time since he left the truck, he paused, letting me catch
up, looking somewhat bemused by how winded I was. “Tower appeared out
here for the first time in half a century. Like I said, we’re gonna see
if it has somethin’ useful.”

“A ‘tower?’” I repeated back, unsure if I’d heard correctly.

“Sure did!” He confirmed like it was common for buildings to materialize
at will and I was the weird one for questioning it.

Feeling somewhat idiotic, I questioned, “Where did it come from? And…
how?”

“Used to be in Toraigh on top of Tùr Mór,” He said with a shrug. “Just
don’t like stayin’ in one spot for too long. Scenery gets borin’ after
so many centuries.”

How can a tower get bored? Was this thing alive? Or was he messing with
me? Yeah, he can’t lie, but there aren’t any Neighbor rules about
sarcasm or douchebaggery shenanigans.

We ventured further into the dense woods, surrounded by bird song and
the occasional grumble of other local fauna that remained out of sight.
In the meantime, I tried to recall anything that either Vic or Nessa
could’ve told me about a tower in our records. Nothing came to mind. I
know I haven’t even been employed here for a full year yet, but you’d
think I’d know more about Neighborly nonsense by now. All I could think
of was a princess being trapped up there, but that didn’t seem like
something Psycho Mantis would be concerned about.

At first, it blended in with the trees. The brick was a dark brown
color, nearly indistinguishable from the bark of the cathedral of pines
that made up the landscape. For reference, the pines in the Wilds can
exceed 160 feet; this structure stood just as tall as the ancient trees
looming above us. It would’ve been taller, had the sharply steepled roof
not been partially destroyed. An arched window stared down at us like a
single, unblinking eye. The shattered remains of an arch at the base
hinted at this tower once belonging to part of a bigger structure.

How could something like this just… appear?

Thinking I was being funny, and trying to hide how nervous I was, I
suggested, “Do we shout at the fair maiden inside to let down her hair?”

Psycho Mantis gave me a smirk that made me regret saying anything, “Help
yourself. She loves visitors.”

Oh.

My chest became tighter as he approached the tower, his instrument
strung over his shoulder. Even before he made that ominous comment, I
hadn’t wanted to go inside, debt be damned.

“Wait a sec,” My voice came out as an embarrassing squeak. I took a deep
breath as he stared at me impatiently, then continued, “If I do this,
I’m off the hook right? With the life debt, I mean?”

His smile wasn’t comforting, “Depends on if you find what we’re lookin’
for. But if it’s any consolation, you don’t owe me nearly as much as you
normally would. Like I said, you saved her, too.”

That brought up another thought: Nessa. The seeds.

“What about my coworker?” I asked.

His eyes slitted, but that smile didn’t dim, “What ’bout her?”

“She’ll owe you for the seeds, won’t she?”

“She will. What of it?”

She’s been through enough. She just freed herself not too long ago, and
already, she is indebted to him again.

Yeah, we need the Hunt’s help for Gwythyr, but what happens afterwards?
Are they going to conveniently forgive all the loans they’ve given us?
Doubtful. And if I didn’t make the terms clear before I did this, that
would give Psycho Mantis far too much opportunity to screw me over.
Screw us over.

Nessa’s done so much to protect me in the brief time we’ve known each
other. It’s about time I did the same for her.

With a quiver in my voice and a fist gripping at my heart, I stammered,
“What if… I want you to let the woman you call Fiona go instead?”

After I suggested it, my anxiety increased tenfold.

His eyebrows furrowed. For once, there were no traces of mockery in his
voice as he questioned me, “Is that right?”

Was I sure about this? No. Not at all. But I nodded anyway.

Psycho Mantis took a few steps towards me, eyes narrowed as he did his
best to make me rethink my decision, “And why would you offer me that,
witchdoctor? And better yet, what makes you think I’d accept?”

It took a lot of willpower not to take a step back as I swallowed, then
began to ramble, “Look, I know I’m not as strong as the others are. I’m
more of a healer than a warrior. Just not built like them, you know?”

He snorted, “Gotta say, you’re doin’ a hell of a job convincin’ me.”

“Yeah, not really convincing myself either,” I admitted breathlessly,
then after a gulp of air, kept trying. “I guess the point I’m trying to
make is that I’m still useful, even if I can’t use a sword.”

It was hard to gauge his expression. “I’ll ask you again: why would you
offer that?”

“Because I owe her, too,” I said softly. “That hand was lost because of
me. It’s only right that I help her fix it.”

Apologies to my therapist for undoing all of her hard work in one
conversation.

But then Psycho Mantis pointed out with a devious grin, “See, that’s
just it: she owes me twice over. First for savin’ her ass, then for
gettin’ the means to give her a new hand. You wanna take on both or just
the one? Kinda renders this whole discussion pointless to do the latter
though, dontcha think?”

Crap. He was right. And he seemed to enjoy watching me squirm with this
reminder. I was digging myself into a hole. A deep one, too. One I most
likely wouldn’t get out of, save for flying out as a cursed murderbird
of the Hunt.

“What would happen to me if I agreed to it?” I asked apprehensively

The devil’s eyebrows rose as he started to laugh, “You’re seriously
considerin’ this?”

What the fuck am I doing?!

“Just exploring some options!” I said quickly. “No one has agreed to
anything yet!”

“You already know what would happen to you, witchdoctor,” He replied
lightly. “You said yourself, you ain’t a fighter, and I don’t have any
use for someone that can’t hold their own, ’specially with Calan Mai
’round the corner.”

With his hands in his pockets, he took another step closer, making me
uncomfortably aware of how much shorter I am than him as he continued,
“If I took you up on that suggestion, I’d have to make you useful. Means
you’d be spendin’ not just your life, but also the length of Fiona’s in
addition to that, as a crow.”

My stomach dropped, sinking down to the Earth’s core as my throat
closed.

Psycho Mantis read me as easily as if he’d looked into my eyes,
emphasizing his point by adding, “Blink of any eye for me. But by the
time your service’s done, everyone you’d ever known and loved will be
dead as doornails, ‘cept maybe ol’ blue eyes. And you ain’t gonna be you
anymore. You won’t recognize a thing about yourself. No one will. That
somethin’ you could stomach, witchdoctor? Or is this all just lip
service?”

My next question was equally as scary, but it needed to be asked, “What
about her? Are you going to try to change her again?”

“Debatin’ on it,” His answer made my vision blur as my heart beat even
faster. “For her own good. She barely survived this time.”

Either way, one of us was going to have our humanity stripped away by
force.

I hate this. I hate that we need them. I hate that all of this is
happening. But mostly, I think I hate him.

Everyone in my life swirled around in my mind before I answered him.
Lola. The Orion crew. Fireball. There aren’t many people left in my
personal circle, but the few that remain I care about so much that it
hurts.

“Can I at least say something to my loved ones first?” I asked, my voice
coming out too weak. Too scared. “Because even with all of that, I’d
still rather you take me instead.”

For a moment, Psycho Mantis didn’t speak. All traces of cruel bemusement
had faded from his demeanor. Instead, he regarded me with what appeared
to be curiosity as he remarked, “Not lipservice, after all. You really
mean this.”

Was that a question? It didn’t sound like it. I nodded anyway.

“You know, I’ve had plenty o’ people throw lovers, siblings, friends -
hell, even their own kids - my way to keep from bein’ taken, but you’re
the first to ever offer to take on someone else’s life sentence,” That
grin had returned, but without its earlier chill. “That counts for
somethin’.”

Unsure if he wanted me to answer, or if it would be wise to potentially
dig my proverbial grave even deeper, I just waited for him to give me
his decision.

“In ten years, your service begins, witchdoctor. I imagine that’ll be
long enough.”

Ten years. A long time, yet not long at all. I’ll only be 32 by the time
I have to pay my due, as well as Nessa’s. Even though this was what I’d
asked for, I was still holding back tears as I agreed.

Ten years. That kept repeating in my head as I followed Psycho Mantis,
effortlessly locating what was left of the tower’s winding staircase.
Truthfully, it was more of a climb than a matter of stepping, especially
in the most damaged areas. The demon banjo man, in a shocking turn of
events, actually helped me scale them. Not that anyone asked, but by the
time we made it to the top, I was sweating bullets. Meanwhile, said
banjo man was completely nonplussed.

There was one door. Several heavy chains kept it shut, padlocks
fastening the only entrance to the surrounding brick. Someone either did
not want anyone getting in, or they really didn’t want something getting
out.

As it turns out, it was a combination of the two.

Experimentally, the tip of Psycho Mantis’ index finger grazed the chain,
only for him to instantly recoil, shaking his hand out as if to soothe a
burn.

“I have bolt cutters in the truck,” He commented. “That’ll just leave
what’s waitin’ for us inside.”

Greeeeeeeeat.

“You mentioned a ‘she’-” I cut myself off when I realized that he’d done
that creepy Hunter thing where they disappear suddenly.

Which meant that in a few seconds…

Even while knowing it was coming, he still jumpscared me when he stepped
around from behind me with an enthusiastic, “Alrighty, let’s get to it!”

What a dick.

Thankfully, he did the hard part, breaking through the chains with ease,
having to dodge the occasional wayward link as the old chains swung
free. One by one, each one was severed, until only a single lock
remained on the rusted door handle. It fell to the ground with finality,
like the last nail in a coffin.

My breathing stalled as Psycho Mantis stepped aside, prompting me to
open the door with a curt nod. Bracing myself, I clutched the gritty
handle, and pulled the door open.

The first thing I noticed once my heart stopped pounding in my ears was
the creaking. It occurred in time with the wind whistling through the
dilapidated structure. My eyes adjusted to the din, revealing that the
source of the sound was the swaying of a woman, swinging like a pendulum
from the rope tied around her neck. Judging by the near-mummified state
she was in, she’d been on that noose since time began.

“That whole thing ’bout how the maiden in the tower gets saved?” Psycho
Mantis said with an edge to his voice. “Didn’t happen for her. He got
her knocked up, took the kids once she popped ’em out, then left her.
Killed all but one of ’em.”

Good God.

He continued, “Cause o’ that, she got a problem with men. Can’t say I
blame her. But that’s where you come in.”

Oh shit. As much as his presence made me uncomfortable, the idea of
going alone into where that poor woman hung from the eaves nearly made
me sick.

Mouth dry and stomach cramping, I whispered, “You’ve gotta be kidding.”

“Hear me laughin’, witchdoctor?”

Again, he is a dick.

After I swallowed to try to get some moisture on my parched tongue, I
questioned, “What am I looking for?”

“Spear.” He replied casually. “If it’s here, its tip should be kept in a
pot of water. Speakin’ of, mind it. It’s prone to ignitin’ once exposed
to the air. Wouldn’t want ya burnin’ yourself.”

You’ve. Got. To. Be. Kidding. Me.

“If it’s not in there?”

Psycho Mantis shrugged, “Might be, might not. If it ain’t, that’ll be
added to your tab. Now, quit your stallin’ and figure that out for
yourself.”

The dead woman’s rope continued to groan as I reluctantly entered the
room. Her prison had been well-kept. A nicely made bed featuring a
flowery, handmade quilt, covered in a thick layer of dust. A spinning
wheel that now housed generations of spiders, their webs all overlapping
each other as they fought for space. A small kitchen that still had a
kettle ready for tea. Next to the wardrobe was another door that,
thankfully, wasn’t locked.

It didn’t feel right snooping in her belongings, especially while she
hung right there.

Uncertain, I whispered to the dead woman, “I know I’m intruding, and I’m
sure you’re angry with me. It wasn’t my intent to disturb you. And I
hope you’ve found some rest, wherever you are.”

The closest I could get to apologizing to a Neighbor without landing
myself in more hot water. I wasn’t sure if it would make a difference
that she appeared to be dead, but I didn’t want to tempt fate,
especially since mine is already sealed.

If the dead woman had anything to say, she kept it to herself.

Now, if I was a spear capable of spontaneous combustion, where would I
be?

The other room seemed the most reasonable place to check. I couldn’t see
anything like what Psycho Mantis had described in that neatly kept
bedroom/kitchen. The other room ended up being an old-fashioned
bathroom. So old-fashioned that a chamber pot rested on the window. A
fireplace was located inside along with a huge pot, presumably to carry
hot water to the cracked tub in the middle of the small room.

This poor woman really had to live like this? Trapped for all eternity
until she finally decided that she’d had enough? Or maybe she didn’t:
maybe that was decided for her. I didn’t see anything to stand on near
her body.

The creaking from her noose sounded louder. Closer. I swallowed, afraid
to turn around. Afraid to anger the dead woman by reaching for my knife.

A voice like the scraping of claws against wood assaulted my ears, but I
couldn’t understand what she was saying. Nothing I’d ever heard before,
either. It sounded a bit like the Gaelic the Hunters and Deirdre can
speak, but not exactly. Maybe it was a long-forgotten language that came
before. Regardless of what she was saying, she definitely didn’t sound
pleased. But in her defense, I too have had some scrungy dork break into
my home with the help of a killer dragonfly, and it’s not a fun time.
~~Raise your hand if you have been personally victimized by Regina
George aka Psycho Mantis. 🖐~~

“I’m here against my will,” My voice shook as I defended myself. “I was
told to look for some flaming spear, then once I’m done, I promise, I’ll
get out of your hair.”

Something bumped my shoulder. The noose had moved so that she was now
swaying behind me, her empty sockets gazing down at my head, the eyes
having rotted away long ago. The smell of dust and soiled linens
permeated in the air with her proximity. What was left of her foot
collided with my shoulder once again. Her words were still
indiscernible, though whatever she was saying became more urgent.

My head turned in the same direction as were she kept touching me.
There. The spear’s tip was placed in a wooden bucket of stagnant water
that had developed a foul-smelling film on its surface.

“Am I permitted to take this?” I asked.

No bumps. Just more ancient words. But looking back, I have to wonder
how she understood me. At the same time, with things like this, there
isn’t normally a sensible answer, at least not to us.

“Can you… uhh… bump into me if you give me your permission?”

She didn’t. She’d also gone quiet. The only sound in the room was that
rope and the howl of the wind.

Before I dove for the spear, I whispered, “Please forgive me.”

The handle was made up of smooth, sturdy wood, and was heavier than one
would expect. It was oddly warm as if it had been sitting in the sun
despite there not being a single ray thanks to the thick blanket of
clouds overhead. The moment it was removed from the stale water, there
was a thud as she fell from her noose.

She was a blur of spindly arms and legs as she crawled after me in
pursuit. The dead woman was between me and the door. There wasn’t much
space in that small room to avoid her, so that led to me running in a
circle around the bathtub like a cartoon character in an effort to get
her to move, but she was smarter than the average Wile E. Coyote. She
guarded the door, her empty skull following my movements.

“Ya need a hand in there?” Psycho Mantis called, as if I just needed
help lifting something heavy rather than fighting for my life.

If I said yes, that’d only bury me deeper.

“No! Everything’s…” Wait, I couldn’t lie to him! The last thing I needed
was to be indebted to him and piss him off. Quickly, I corrected myself,
“Uh, I think I can handle it!”

There was a sizzling sound coming from the spear. It was beginning to
heat up, causing the residual water to boil off of it in a cloud of
steam.

“Oh, by the way,” Psycho Mantis added just as the dead woman lashed the
length of her noose at me like a whip. “If you throw that spear - no
matter how shoddily you do it - it won’t miss.”

Limping as a welt began to form on my calf where the rope had struck me,
I shouted back, “I don’t want to hurt her!”

“She ain’t gettin’ any deader!” He disparaged.

This is the jackass you degenerates thirst for?

The dead woman charged at me when I tried to get close. At the same
time, the spear was getting warmer and warmer. Its metal tip was
beginning to gain a subtle orange glow. She scuttled back in front of
the door when I retreated.

Psycho Mantis was losing his patience. “Do I need to come in there?”

Once again, I quietly asked for the dead woman’s forgiveness, then I
thrust the spear at her just as the tip became engulfed in golden
flames. She didn’t even flinch as they illuminated her gaunt, skeletal
face.

That’s when a stupid idea popped into my mind. One that could easily go
wrong. Something only my goofy ass could come up with.

I backed up until my spine touched the wall, holding the spear tighter,
then got a running start. At the same time, she waited for what she most
likely thought was an attack, desiccated fingers clawing into the stone
floor in preparation.

Just before she could grab me, I jammed the handle of the spear into the
ground and pole-vaulted over her. She paused, seeming just as surprised
as I was that I actually managed to pull it off.

My landing wasn’t graceful. I stumbled, arms whirling as I half-ran
half-fell towards the door where Psycho Mantis was waiting. And
laughing, because of course he was. He reached in to grab my sleeve to
yank me out of his way, then slammed the door shut.

He produced a new lock from his coat pocket, securing it on the handle
just as the old door began to shake on its hinges from the force of the
dead woman’s blows coming from the other side. Adrenaline was causing my
arms to shake. My breathing was quick.

I was so overwhelmed that it took me a moment to realize Psycho Mantis
had taken the spear from me. Probably for the better. The top of it was
fully ablaze, the heat from which made me feel feverish. He was the one
who handled it on the journey back down. It’s an absolute shame he
didn’t burn himself at any point.

Once we reached the bottom of the staircase, it was revealed that there
was ice water in the cooler and not stolen organs, like I’d originally
thought. With that, the spear’s flame was promptly put out with a hiss.

Ten years.

The ride back to Dog Mom’s house was blissfully uneventful, and also I’m
getting close to that character limit, so let me just jump right to
Nessa’s condition.

We found Nessa slumped over Dog Mom’s kitchen table, a bottle of water
in front of her, and fresh gauze wrapped around her severed wrist.
Deirdre was rubbing her back comfortingly. Briar was perched on the
kitchen counter while Dog Mom nursed a tea cup.

Instantly, I rushed over to Nessa. She raised her head, revealing dark
circles under her eyes and an irritated expression. In other words, she
looked like Victor’s living, blonde twin.

“I’m still a little loopy from whatever he gave me, sooo,” She rasped
with an exhausted shrug. “Also, I hate it here.”

Deirdre leaned closer to me to whisper, “It’s been a long night for
everyone. Did you fare better?”

Ten years.

“I’ll tell you later.” I promised, not wanting to get into it right
then, especially with Nessa looking like death warmed over.

Long story short, the seeds went in, but it was not pretty. Briar had
needed to shove them under her skin, which was still tender and healing
after the amputation. Even with whatever he gave her, she’d still had to
be restrained to keep from lashing out.

We’re not sure if the seeds have taken root yet. The Hunters said only
time would tell.

Update: We’re getting the hell out of this broke ass apartment
