Short story shorter, our family lost our daughter a year before this
Christmas. I wanted some advice on the situation so I may have
embellished the timeline and may continue to do so. This concerns our
other daughter, Kara. She recently started drawing some concerning
things at school.

I woke up the next morning to a peaceful house, Melody getting ready for
work while cooking Kara breakfast. It was the usual routine, so I
watched some television to get in the right headspace, knowing that calm
calls the storm. The news mentioned hail in Texas and 3 missing women in
Louisiana. I thought back to Kara’s “Santa Jaws” drawing, eventually
shrugging it off as a microcosm (or some say micro-Kos, sorry, quick
reference!) of the grief and her surroundings. As we can recall though,
day four of Christmas has four calling birds.

Ms. Harrison, the art teacher, called around noon. “We need to talk
about Kara,” she sighed. I swallowed, assuming the gist of what she was
about to say.

“Yeah, I saw a drawing she did in class…” I started.

“Oh, okay!” she chirped, “So yeah, the beach painting was concerning
yesterday.”

I butted in, “Wait, is that all she showed?” I caught the suspicious
nature in my question and stopped talking.

“Um… yes?” Ms. Harrison restarted her train of thought. “Listen, I know
things have been… well… Kara drew some things with her friends today.”

I both breathed a sigh of relief and felt a lump in my throat at the
subject change. “You mean Anna and Yamira?”

“Yeah, they’ve gotten close as you know and well, I just can’t explain
this one away to my higher-ups.” She continued, “They seem to have
gotten into a more abstract art style. Christmas art pieces aren’t
necessarily supposed to look like this…” This time I held my tongue and
waited for her to start speaking again. “They all drew jagged, shadowy,
blackened pieces today.”

I got defensive, “Dude, they’re in like 4th grade.” My tone cut through
Ms. Harrison’s understanding but perhaps condescending explanation. She
waited for a second and I once again caught myself.

“Sir, your daughter is in middle school.”

I froze and then slowly nodded. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t- and I-” the
stammering was interrupted by her voice, a reoccurring theme in the
conversation.

“You do not need to apologize for that or this. I just wanted to let you
know there might be more talks about this in the future, and not from
me.” My failed patience reinstated itself. as I let her continue “They
drew some things Christmas related, but mostly they drew bags, sticks,
bones, and sets of teeth. Some of their pictures, I uh, well- I used to
be a young girl too and I can’t say that circles and stars are always
appropriate.”

I wrapped up the conversation with care and hesitance, feeling a dizzy
spell come over me. After cleaning up some dead baby pigeons that our
cat Scratch had so diligently gathered by the welcome mat and wreath, I
settled down on the couch letting my eyelids cover over the phone call.

I woke up to an argument from Melody at around 4:30. She complained that
Dani had called about the drawings and told me she had spoken with me.
After correcting her to keep it at Ms. Harrison, we hashed it out. She
changed the goal post and pointed out that Kara went straight to her
room after seeing that I was asleep. I cracked open a beer in the garage
afterwards before shaking it off and throwing it away. I won’t go
through the details, but it looks like family counseling may be in our
future.

The next day, the only eventful part of the morning was a walk in which
I corralled Scratch back inside after finding 5 suspicious locking
circles of stones around the property.

Finally, the storm hit as Kara arrived home to, this time, a wide-awake
father. “I hate P.E.!” She screamed. Melody hadn’t gotten home yet so I
took the brunt of it.

“What are you on about this time?” I looked at her with concern and
pity.

“Anna and I keep getting in trouble for having fun! Having fun!” Her
face veins showed and I knew she was serious. “It’s a stupid, stupid,
freaking stupid class!”

My heart applauded her abstinence from cursing, but the feeling was
still there. “Honey, you are almost failing that stupid class,” I chimed
in. “And you and Anna are having trouble in art as well, with Yamira,
right?”

Her face flushed as she realized I knew. “I, oh Ms. Harrison…” she shook
her head. “It’s not my fault!”

“I know that!” I calmed myself down. “It is not your fault.”

We discussed some of it, not going into the minutiae of her recently
acquired subject matter. Overall, it was a productive conversation and
coupled with the recent argument with Melody going well, we had a
relatively good dinner and a viewing of Home Alone 2. That transitioned
into a restful sleep for the three of us, with Kara still not attempting
to look at or recount the presents piling under the tree. Melody had
done some shopping, correcting our previous mistake of not thinking
about Christmas this year. Like I said, it was a productive day.

The next day, however, was anything but that. The school had called
Melody 5 times by the time Kara had gotten home and into her room. She
had not picked up after seeing it was the 5th call and instead let me
know that we had some more work to do. I suggested the counseling plan
again and she suggested a bit more urgency. I did not agree until a
patrol of the property. The circles were gone but the chicken coop had a
fence toppled over. In total, we had a missing rooster, and 3 dead hens
along with their eggs broken. I decided to work on repairing the fence,
seeing it as an opportunity to prepare for whatever new Melody was about
to bring home.

6 Geese A Laying…
