I regretted choosing the twelve gauge because it felt a little
overwhelming. 

It’s like I was holding a bomb that could go off at any moment and blow
apart the person standing in front of me. 

But I guess that’s also why I chose it. 

I didn’t want to encounter last week’s rabid half-human again with
anything less than a bomb.

I held my thumb by the safety, praying that I didn’t have to flick it.

“Okay. Are we ready?” Rav stood right beside me, armed with his trusty
Smith & Wesson. Professor Ed pulled the cap off his marker, and
approached the whiteboard. 

“Inputting Solution.” 

There was a small patch of blank real estate on the whiteboard beneath a
totally crowded sea of carefully written mathematics. Prof Ed leaned in
and completed the bottom-most set of symbols by drawing the final ‘X’.

∮ e^(iπθ) · d𝛻 = -λ · Δχ

There came that little reverberation in the air. 

The entire whiteboard shimmered.

Then, like a mirror reflection, ANOTHER Prof Ed showed up right beside
the original.

The equation had worked. There were now two Eds. They both stared at
each other. And then at us.

“Are you okay?” Asked Rav.

“ Yes,” Ed said. “ I feel intact.”

Rav and I scanned the entire Bass Pro Shop for any sort of disturbances.
The fishing aisle, clothing aisle, and entire front of the store were
all quiet. We listened for anything beyond our breathing. All seemed to
be clear.

The original Ed held the shoulder of his new duplicate.

“Senses?” Rav asked.

“Sight: good.” Prof Ed squinted. “Hearing: good. “

Prof Ed leaned into his bag and pulled out an apple. He passed the apple
to his duplicate, who held it firmly. “Touch: good. Smell: good.”

Dupe Ed took a bite and then spoked in-between chews. “Taste: good.”

I exhaled. Everything seems to have worked.

 I carefully put the shotgun in the case beside me and happily locked it
away. Then I picked up our iPad and ran through Group C’s duplication
checklist.

“Okay this assessment is for Duplicate Ed. First question: Where are
we?”

Dupe Ed smiled and answered. “A plane of space-time adjacent to our own.
Inside a mall. We aren’t sure if its infinitely generative or
idempotent”

“What’s the number we told original Ed before duplication?”

“69-420”

Rav gave a small chuckle.

“Close your eyes and try to touch the other Ed’s hand.”

The checklist went on like this for a while, we had to be sure Ed’s
shiny new duplicate wasn’t defective in some way. After ten minutes of
carefully chosen queries, we could see that the duplicate was
cooperative, receptive and healthy. A perfect replica of Ed.

***

We named the duplicate Edward, to differentiate him from Professor Ed. 

Edward swapped his duplicate corduroy pants and dress shirt for some
brownish-green fatigues (from Bass Pro’s Spring selection). He gave us a
dorky salute when he came out of the changeroom.

It was really strange seeing Prof Ed’s mannerisms completely copied by
this new mirror version, down to the way he adjusted his glasses and
walked favoring his left leg.

“Interesting, interesting… It’s exactly like Group C said,” Prof Ed
stroked his goatee. “It feels like my consciousness is spread upon two
bodies. Not divided, but doubled. Each of my selves is capable of acting
independently, and yet both still share the same memories and skills.
It’s almost like I am the thoughts of two people.”

“So you would describe it as thinking like two people now?” Rav asked.

Prof Ed put his fingers on both his temples. ’Yes. It’s like I have two
brains.” 

Edward also held his temples. 

As if performing a magic show, both Eds spoke in perfect unison. “When I
conjoin both minds to think on the same subject, everything works
faster. My mental ability feels much higher.”

Rav raised his brow. He pulled out the iPad and did a quick calculation.
“What is the root of 169 multiplied by 150?”

“1,950” both Eds spoke at once.

Rav and I stared at each other. Holy nuts.

Prof Ed went up to the busy whiteboard, admiring the math. “I now
understand how Group C was able to perfect the duplication equation.
With a double-mind, this all clicks immediately.”

Even though I had no conception of math, I could certainly tell that Ed
had gotten smarter. His pronunciation was crisper too (maybe because he
could more literally hear himself speak from another set of ears).

We asked plenty of questions to both Eds, and they gave us straight
answers.

 We probably could have stayed the whole day poking and prodding this
reality-defying marvel, but eventually we had to keep moving. 

Food supplies were running low, and the mall wasn’t going to explore
itself.

***

There was a slight debate over whether or not we should arm Edward too.
Something about the consciousness of Ed now controlling two selves, each
with a gun, seemed a little alarming to Rav and I. But then Edward
brought up a counterpoint.  

“I think if we ever split up, it would be useful for both of my selves
to have a gun.”

“Split up? But we can’t do that,” I said. “It’s dangerous enough as it
is.”

“What I mean to say is—” Edward pointed to himself,“—what if only I
split away?” 

“What do you mean?”

“We could be doubling our efficiency.” Edward tapped the floor. “A
single me can explore the floor below us, while the main group continues
above.

Rav holstered his revolver. “You’re not afraid of travelling … alone?”

Edward laughed nervously. “I mean yes, I anticipate being a little
scared travelling apart, but also in quite a literal sense, I won’t be
apart. I’ll still be talking to both of you on the main floor.”

We looked at both of the Eds a little confused.

“Here, watch this. I’m having a conversation with you, feeling supported
by your presence…” Edward walked away, down the aisle, out the front of
the store, stepping totally out of earshot.

Prof Ed turned to us and continued speaking. “… And now I’m still
chatting with you still, keeping my morale high and exploring a whole
new section of the mall. Seems pretty useful right?”

“Oh I see.” Rav said. He scratched the back of his head. “I mean. If
you’re comfortable doing that. That does seem wise. To divide and
conquer a little.”

“I think it’s the way to go.” Prof Ed said. “We’ll find food faster, and
maybe some hints about the mall’s deterioration.”

Rav and I both nodded. Thanks to Edward’s willingness, we’d be starting
to map the floorplan beneath us too. That felt too useful to pass up.

***

“Alright, this looks like our stop.” 

Our flashlights lit up the edge of some glass railings, which framed 
the black, shiny handrails of a completely functioning escalator.

 A single escalator that only went down.

We shined over the railings with our flashlights, but none of them were
strong enough to illuminate any detail in the complete blackness below.

Wherever that lower floor was, it was fucking far, far down, I thought.

“If you do feel overwhelmed you can always come back up to us at any
time.” Rav patted Edward’s shoulder.

“I’ll be safe,” Edward adjusted his headlamp. “Don’t worry, I think as
long as Prof Ed is with you guys, I’ll be able to manage myself below.”

Edward gave a goofy, but still semi-serious salute, as he stepped onto
the first moving step. You could tell he kind of liked being an
adventurer. It went well with his full camo outfit and rifle. 

“Hunt a turkey for us while you’re down there.” I joked .

Edward laughed. “I will for sure. Stay vigilant and I’ll see you when I
find another way up!”

He waved as the metal stairs drifted him down, deeper and deeper into
the darkness. His flashlight whipped back and forth along the escalator,
not illuminating much. Then, very abruptly, the light disappeared.

Both Rav and I watched Prof Ed’s face widen, reacting to whatever Edward
was seeing.

“It goes straight into a sort of tunnel,” Prof Ed said. 

“The escalator?”

“Yes. I can see ads hung inside the walls. “Gillette Razors. Marlboro
cigarettes.”

“…Cigarettes?”

“Yeah there’s an older feel to the interior design. Lots of neon colored
vinyl on the wall. Pink and powder blue.”

We watched as Prof Ed closed his eyes and excitedly described what Edwin
was seeing. “Oh and now I’ve reached it. The floor below. 

“How does it look?” 

Prof Ed stroked his beard. “It’s still part of a mall, but a little
different. It feels more colorful in terms of its aesthetics, you know?”

“What do you mean?”

“Like I see the supporting pillars around me with kind of a blue brush
stroke swish on them. You know jazz cup? It looks like jazz cup.”

I nodded knowingly. My older brother was a child of the 80s. He still
wore his purple and teal wind-breaker from time to time.

“So it’s an 80s mall down there?”

“Yes! That is exactly what it feels like.” Prof Ed opened his eyes and
looked at us. “I see an Esprit casual wear store, and I see a Swatch
shop. You guys remember Swatch watches?”

We laughed and asked him to grab us a couple. 

It appeared that the mall level Edward had stumbled in was from an older
era.  Which was interesting because the main floor was pretty much an
extension of the more modern mid-2000s City Center Mall we first
entered.

“Perhaps you can stumble into older timelines,  the deeper down you go?”
Rav wondered.

“Its possible, I’ll let you know if Edward sees any other stairs.” Prof
Ed turned away from the escalator, turned on his flashlight.  “Alright,
let’s continue ourselves.  ’ll give updates on Edward as we go.”

***

The mall for us was the usual level of creepy. No lights. Lots of long
hallways. Glass storefronts everywhere.

We passed by a luxury goods section of the mall. Lots of Tiffany’s,
Pandora and Swarovski. There was always a little klepto in me who wanted
to steal as much as the jewelry as possible.

(But I’m already carrying something like ten $50,000 necklaces at the
bottom of my bag from when we pilfered a BVLGARI store so I really
didn’t need more…)

Our flashlights made the diamonds on display glisten, throwing hundreds
of tiny rays of light everywhere. It seemed to inspire Prof Ed.

“Should we keep duplicating me each time we stop to reset? What do you
guys think?”

Rav and I slowed our steps. “Huh?”

“Like maybe it makes sense to just send an army of me to scour the mall
to find an exit faster.”

Rav shook his head, “but the more of you we make, the more mouths we
have to feed. And food has been pretty rare lately…”

Prof Ed stopped in his tracks. “Oh. I didn’t think about that.”

I felt my own stomach grumble.

Prof Ed closed his eyes and held the bridge of his nose for a second.
“However, I am starting to understand how Indrek was able to find a
solution for Gödel’s theorem.  Since he has hundreds of duplicates, his
intellect must be transcendent. Probably over 1,000 IQ.”

“Are you saying, you don’t care if your copies get hungry? As long as
you have more?” Rav asked.

“Well if we copy more of me, I’ll be able to process a lot of complex
thoughts at once. It’s possible I could think of an exit formula…”

“Hold up,” I said.  I didn’t like where this was going. I might not have
been a mathematician, but I was a philosophy major.

“If we duplicate Ed over and over, to try and understand why Indrek is
evil, it is entirely possible that Ed’s consciousness will become as
evil as Indrek’s.”

Both of them looked at me confused.

“I mean, think about it. Maybe having your consciousness multiplied
between a thousand copies of yourself, maybe that is what turns you into
a megalomaniac. Maybe that’s what made Indrek trap us in this mall.”

Prof Ed stroked his beard, then pointed at me. “You are totally right.
That is a very valid concern.”

“And that’s why we keep our dupe limit to one per person.” Rav gave my
hand a squeeze.

Oh did I say something smart? I smiled. 

“The most pressing concern is food though, you guys are right about—”

“—Fooood!” Prof Ed stopped at the edge of the last jewelry store. 
“Edward found a McDonald’s!”

Both Rav and I stared at Ed’s face. His eyes were glazed over, seeing
something we weren’t.

 “Oh boy. Not only is there food at this McDonald’s, but there’s also
something else. We’ve got to check it out.”

***

The Eds used their mind link to find a spiral staircase which would
allow us to all meet at the 80s floor. I didn’t like the idea of
descending into a deeper level of the infinite mall, but it had to be
done.

It was a fire escape. The ugly, concrete kind that you would normally
take to reach the parkade. It took us six minutes of descending around
tight, claustrophobic corners until we met Edward holding open a door.

“Hey guys, long time no see. Welcome to the 80s.”

We walked out to a plaza surrounded with fake ferns and palm trees.
There was a small kiosk in between the plants with cursive pink
lettering that read Food Court.

We followed Edward’s lead as he took us towards those iconic golden
arches. But they weren’t the usual arches… the capital ‘M’ looked like a
smushed squiggle above the word ’McDnlds’.

“Oh wow. It looks so off.” Rav said.

“Rendered with many errors.” Edward nodded.

It was an 80s MacDonald’s alright, but the menu was indecipherable. The
words were all blots.

“Holy shit,” I said, pointing at the customer seating area, it looked
like it stretched out forever. My flashlight couldn’t find a back wall.
“Is this MacDonald’s enormous?”

“It looks to be way bigger than a regular MacDonald’s yes,” Edward
confirmed. “There appears to be a bit of spatial stretching. Follow me,
I’ll show you.”

We walked down the long hallway. At the very end, the last set of
customer tables was a crack in the wall.

“The fissure is right here, “ Edward pointed.

There was a thin silvery liquid dripping out from a crack. The
quicksilver oozed down the wallpaper and onto the floor.

“What is that?” Rav asked.

“Non-matter,” Professor Ed said, standing behind all of us. “The silver
goop is raw, unrendered material that the mall has not configured yet.”

Rav and I stared, our flashlights brightening the ooze.

“It’s a deterioration,” Edward said. “A glitch in the mall’s algorithm.
It’s very possible that behind this wall we could find some kind of
exit.”

“You really think so?” I said.

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves,” Rav held out his hands. “Let’s eat
first before we start playing with so-called non-matter.”

***

The deep-fryers were still working, and there were plenty of frozen
burgers and potatoes. Shamelessly, we all ate about two cheeseburgers,
as well as a mountain of fries. 

Edward held a spatula and tested it for durability. “I say we try to
wedge an opening. I’ll go inside.”

Rav almost choked on his burger. “You want to go inside the non-matter?”

“Why not?” Edward shrugged. “If we can make the crack wide enough, I can
step a foot inside and tell you what I see. There are two of me after
all.”

I scraped a fry through some ketchup. “How does pain work between you
two? If one Ed touches a stove, do you both feel it?”

“Oh absolutely,” Edward chuckled, then pinched his own arm. 

It made Prof Ed wince. “Ouch.”

“We share each other’s nervous systems, so we both feel the other’s
sensations.” Edward swapped his spatula for a broom. “But regardless of
the risk, I think it’s important that I go in there and see what I can
find.” 

Rav and I both asked why he was so willing. It was such a dangerous
feat.

Edward’s face turned solemn. “Clayton, my own student, lost his life for
us trying to find an exit. I feel responsible for not saving him. This
way I can help us all.”

***

We gathered around the crack with the longest pole-like objects we could
find. The idea was to see if we could pry it open with leverage.

Edward started by poking the fissure with a broom, handle-first. When he
had inserted the boom halfway through, he applied pressure onto one
side.

“It’s working,”  Prof Ed said. “The wall is splitting”

Indeed, I could see the point of entry for the broom get a little wider
with each of Edward’s wiggles. The crack split further down the wall
until it reached the floor.  Lots of silver liquid was pouring out.

“Woah. Is that stuff alive?” Rav pointed. 

The silver liquid clumped together on the floor, forming a growing mass.
In about a half a minute, the ooze started to hover.

“Holy crap. Is that floating?” 

The ooze conjoined to form a floating, mirror-like sphere. It was about
the size of a yoga ball. 

More silver droplets continued to leak out of the crack, accruing at the
sphere’s back.

“Interesting, interesting,” Prof Ed said. He grabbed his mop and gently
tried to poke the anomaly.

The orb engulfed the mop head, and then swallowed the whole mop inside
with very faint slurp.

“Wow. It ate my mop.”

We all backed away from the silver orb. I noticed I was suddenly
retreating uphill. The checkerboard floor tiles beneath my feet warping
into elongated shapes.

The space around us is stretching towards the orb.

“What is this thing?” I said. “Is it dangerous?”

“A black hole?” Rav sounded worried.

Edward stared at it with shining eyes. “I think it’s some kind of
indent. Like a fold in spacetime. I think it could be an Einstein-Rosen
bridge.”

“A what?” There was even a slight tug on my clothes in the direction of
the orb.

“A wormhole!” Prof Ed said. He looked ecstatic. “It’s moving the space
around us to somewhere else! This could be our ticket out of here!”

Edward calmly tied a thick rope around his waist. He handed Rav the
loose end. “I’m going in.”

Rav wrapped the rope around his knuckles. “You think this is a good
idea?” 

“Yes.” Prof Ed grabbed the rope in front of Rav, “Edward will go. I will
see what he sees. This is the only way we’ll know for sure what’s
inside.”

I strapped my flashlight to my shoulder mount and grabbed the very end
of the rope.

The mirror orb was hovering above Edward curiously. It bounced like a
silver balloon, its fat back bumping along the ceiling, stretching the
ceiling tiles into oblong shapes.

Edward stepped directly beneath it. “Okay. I think it’s now or never.”

Rav, Prof Ed, and I all braced ourselves. 

Edward took a couple steps back. “Three… two … one…”He ran forward,
planted both feet, and leapt.

The surface of the orb came alive.

Like living water.  

It was eager to accept him.

The quicksilver wrapped its splashes around Edward’s back, absorbing him
immediately and fully. Within seconds, the orb’s surface attenuated, and
it now resembled a perfect sphere.

The three of us tugged on the rope as hard as we could, keeping it
firmly taut. It’s one end was being reeled inside the sphere.

“Hold steady!” Rav yelled.

For a moment we held it in place. Nothing moved. 

And then Ed Let go. 

“AUUUUGH!!!!” Ed fell to his knees and grabbed his scalp.

“GUUUUUUUUUUUUUEEAAAAGHH!!”

Rav and I picked up the slack. The sphere slowly started reeling us in.

“Ed!? Are you okay!?” I asked. 

The professor’s eyes practically popped out of his sockets.  I had never
seen a person in so much pain.

“What’s in there Ed?” Rav grunted. 

“Ed talk to us!”

Ed started making a mewling, gagging sound. Like he was choking. He
started crying tears of blood.

“What’s going on man!”

The professor fell and convulsed on the floor. Legs and arms swung
wildly without coordination. We watched his seizure roll him closer to
the orb.

“Fuck!”

The tug-of-war was unwinnable. The sphere was sucking in the rope like a
twelve-ton crank. 

I let go and grabbed hold of Ed’s legs. Rav followed suit and grabbed
Ed’s arms. 

“MMMUGHHH!” Ed screamed out in the middle of his schism. His face looked
unnaturally contorted. 

“IT’S CRUSHING ME! IT’S ALL CAVING IN!”

***

Rav and I did our best to heave the Professor away from the menacing
silver thing. The ball floated behind us, slurping up the rest of
Edwin’s rope.

We had barely gotten moving when we collided with a wire mesh.

“What the?”

A McDonald’s Play Place. One of those indoor jungle gyms with a ball
pit. Somehow it was now in front of us.

Rav and I looked around and saw that the floating orb had now divided
into two.

Fucking great.

The orbs were bending space around them. The only way through was via
the Play Place.

“Come on! Hurry!” I pulled at Ed’s feet.

We hauled the professor’s spasming body until we reached the edge of the
ball pit.

“Fuck. Do we just…?”

“Through the pit!”

We both jumped into the ball pit and pulled Ed between us.

The two silver orbs approached us from two sides. 

And now the ball-pit was all we could see.

“Oh God. No..”

A ball-pit ocean expanded on all sides. Rav and I were in the middle of
thousands of red, yellow and blue plastic balls for miles in each
direction

“Which way do we go!?”

The two orbs hovered above us, trailing ever so slightly behind our
frantic ‘swimming’. 

“Come on Ed! Wake up!” Rav applied pressure on Ed’s nail-bed.

Ed opened his eyes and snapped out of it. “Oh god! IT WILL UNRENDER US!
ITS ALL OVER!”

“Focus on swimming Ed! Get swimming!”

The three of us all doggy-paddled away from the space-bending horrors,
but the two spheres kept up rather easily. Bending the surroundings to
chase Ed.

“They’re after me.” Prof Ed struggled to catch his breath. “They’ve seen
me die. They want to see it again!”

“Keep Swimming!” I called out.

But instead, Ed looked at both Rav and I with a pained, tear-soaked
face. He performed one last salute.

“Ed! NO!”

Ed had dropped beneath the ball pit surface, and dove towards the floor.
The two silver orbs had combined into one, following after him.

“Claudia keep swimming!” Rav grabbed me by the collar and pulled me with
his strokes. “Keep going! Keep going and don’t look back!”

***

We both swam through a seemingly endless river of red, yellow and blue
plastic. The further we got away from the orbs, the quicker the space
unbent around us, and we could find ground.

Sweet solid ground.

We only briefly stopped by the restaurant entrance to grab our bags.
Apart from that, we kept running, and running, and running. 

And running. And running.

***

When we were at the entrance to the spiral staircase, I grabbed Rav’s
hand. “But what about Ed? Don’t we have to…”

Rav looked at me with deep regret. “He’s gone, Claudia.”

“You… sure?”

“I mean you saw those things. They were messing with dimensional
curvature around us. If we get caught in their orbit. We are never
getting out.” 

I teared up, but I knew what he said was true.

Rav squeezed my hand back.  “I’m really sorry. But he’s gone. We have to
keep going.”

***

Ed risked going into the orb, and faced the consequences. It wasn’t
quite the wormhole exit we were looking for. But at least, now we know
what to avoid.

When we were back on the main floor and travelled at least six miles
away, I transmitted what happened to Groups B and C. I told them that
our duplication went successful, but sadly, we lost both copies of
Professor Ed into a floating abyssal orb. 

I classified the orb as a high level threat. If anyone saw another
silvery orb anywhere, we were to report it right away.

***

We lit a candle in Ed’s honor, and we both gave a few solemn words. 

First Clayton, now Ed. This was not a process I wanted to repeat every
week.

We should have stopped Edward from stepping into the silver sphere. We
probably should have stopped Ed from ever duplicating himself in the
first place…

But what’s done was done. We would learn from this mistake.

We had to keep moving. We had to keep our spirits up

***

That night, Rav and I decided to camp at a Bed, Bath & Beyond, there was
one bed on display that fit us perfectly.

With our backpacks off, Rav and I held each other, trying to lower our
stress levels by focusing on our heartbeats.

“Be honest.” I said. “Don’t bullshit me. Do you actually think there’s a
way out?”

Rav rubbed my back for a prolonged time. He took a deep breath in, and
then exhaled a deep breath out.

“Well … Do you?”

“I don’t know.”

“So you think we’re stuck.”

Rav stayed quiet for a moment.

 “I’m a mathematician, I study for patterns in things and try and find
solutions based on those patterns.”

I got off the bed. “And so what does two weeks of wandering in an
infinite mall mean to you?”

“You asked for my honest answer… and I gave it to you. I don’t know.”

I looked at his melancholy face. He was forcing a small smile.

“Do you want my other, more comforting answer?

“Sure.”

He stood up and held my shoulder. “Each day we’ve stuck together. Each
day we’ve been keeping eachother going. Based on this pattern, I’d say
we make a good base pair.”

I scoffed at this piece if romantic cheese. But he was right. We were
still together. 

***

Despite all the horrors we had been through, and all the nascent worries
churning through me, that night with no one else around, on an empty bed
with a store all to ourselves, we did what you might have anticipated.

I was supposed to lose my virginity in my dorm room, somewhere back
close to normal life. But I’ll take what I can get. Silver linings.

***

The next morning when I was still half asleep, cuddling on the memory
foam, I tried to imagine where Rav might take me on a morning date, if
we were still back on the university campus. 

I magined us going for a small hike, walking through forest behind our
university that led up a local hill. We’d traverse the trees, shrubs and
find a little clearing that had a view of the whole school.

There we would sit, looking at the gorgeous, wide open sky, soaking in
the morning sun. 

It would be beautiful.

UPDATE
