The following night, when I went to bed, I woke up at around 1:50 a.m..
But this time I was nauseous. 

I felt like I swallowed my tongue and it got stuck at the back of my
throat. I couldn’t stop gagging. 

And there was this taste in my mouth, almost like I’d been chewing on
moldy onions doused in a copper liquid.

I noticed the fan on my end table begin to slow down, it had this
clocking noise that made my brain skip after each spin until it crawled
to a stop. 

I shook my head out of the daze I was in and pointed my eyes straight at
the doorway. The same place I saw the figure standing last night that
ended up dispersing over my body. 

I had this feeling that came over me. It felt like it never left, like
it just shifted to another part of my room, a part I couldn’t see,
hiding under the paint of the walls, memorizing the rhythms of my
heartbeat. And my breath.

When I got up to use the bathroom, once I left my room, the taste on my
tongue vanished, but when I got back, the second I walked through my
bedroom door, there was a heavy stench that smelled like when my stepdad
tracked a scent of a dead possum under our crawl space, that filled the
room.  

It only disappeared after I turned the lights on and cracked the window
open. Afterwards, I threw my earbuds in and passed out.

I woke up that morning to the sun in my eyes  as if last night never
happened, but my shirt was full of sweat and my pillow sheet was wet. I
changed real quick and headed downstairs.

My mom was cooking so it smelled like eggs and coffee when I entered the
kitchen—the scent reminded me of the rotting animal smell that for some
reason, I had forgotten about until I got a whiff of the coffee.

I wanted to say something.

To say something to my mom about last night, but she was standing at the
stove and started singing Unchained Melody. She was acting normal. 

Acting as if she was unaware of what happened to me the night before. 

Or that something was here.

Here inside our house. Inside the walls of my room. Tormenting me.

It was almost like I had trouble remembering though. No. I actually did
struggle to recall the events specifically, because it didn’t feel like
a memory that happened a few hours ago. I had to really dig to remember,
like you would a dream.

My stepdad walked in as I was texting Maggie.

I put my phone down and asked him in a low voice that sounded flat, “Did
you really throw it out?”

At first he didn’t look over at me. But I know he heard me. It was like
he didn’t know what to say right away. When it comes to being scared
people don’t confess. They freeze.

“It’s gone,” he said. But he said it in a way that sounded rehearsed in
his head. He said it too fast, and then he turned away and asked my mom
something. 

I knew something was off. Something they were keeping from me.
