A few months back someone in my town lost their grand-daughter. I knew
him cause I work as a bartender in a joint that this person frequents.
He was some 70 year old retiree, and I think he must have been some
blue-collar worker back in his day, but I was never sure before. He
wasn’t the nicest guy in town or anything, but obviously the bunch at
the bar felt sorry for him when the news reached him; he was in the bar
when his son called him.

However the next day, when it was still considerably early and my shift
just started, he bust in the place, sort of in a panic, to tell the only
five people in about the dream he had involving his grand-daughter. One
of the four other patrons was a friend of his who he frequently chatted
with before all this tried to calm him down and tell him that seeing
dead relatives was normal and it was a sign of them entering heaven
(that man was a pastor for the local church). But the old man said
‘there was nothing holy in what he saw’.

He said that he saw his grand-daughter floating in the air, facing the
ground as she was sort of dragged through a forest, moving though the
trees (“Like she was knit through!”, I specifically heard him say), all
while a strange song was being played somewhere deep in the forest,
almost like a flute, leading the response-less body of his
grand-daughter towards it. At the end she was dragged into a lake in the
middle of the forest, where the flute sounded the strongest, and
continued to go in deeper until the old man could no longer see her and
then woke up.

At first everyone thought it was just that, a strange dream. No one in
the bar was a dream psychologist, but we all assumed it was just shock
from the sudden news. The old guy still believed there was something
sinister about it, but was eventually calmed down by the other patrons.
He kept talking about it for a while later. “But that song, though”, he
said. “That song was nothin’ I ever heard before! It was… I could still
feel it under my skin.” Eventually, he was calm enough to order a single
shot of whiskey and left.

He left for her funeral the next day, and I had almost forgotten about
this whole incident until I think two days later, when I heard someone
say they had a very similar dream.

It wasn’t just one other person though. Over the next week, more and
more people in town said they saw something similar to the old man’s
dream. I think it must have occurred to like a quarter of the town,
before one night, falling asleep thinking about how strange the whole
case has been, I had it too.

I think I saw my father, I’m not sure as I hadn’t seen a photo of him in
a long time, but I think it was him. He was wearing some white cloth
that looked a bit worn. Everything happened as the old man said; he was
gliding through a forest and moving through the trees at random while
still heading somewhere. I must have been nighttime in the forest, but
there was this strange yellow haze around my father, and I even saw
other bodies through that weird fog. All the while a strange song was
playing in the distance, ahead of where my father’s body was being
dragged to. It did sound like a flute, but one of those really old
esoteric-sounding ones, I think, and it played at random intervals so it
wasn’t continuous.

In the end, I saw him being dragged though a lake or some other big body
of water, where he kind of just went on through, not making a splash or
anything, and just went deeper and deeper until I couldn’t see him
anymore, after which I finally woke up.

I didn’t know what to make of that dream when I had it, so I just went
about my day going to work and finding that even more people were having
the dream. A week passed and now like 50% of the entire town was having
these dreams almost every other night. Some people have even tried to
find the forest that was shown in the dream. There is a big one in town
that people think is it, despite it not having a lake or any body of
water that I knew of, but people were still convinced about it.

I know this has been a long post, but I felt I had to explain the
situation a bit. I still have these dreams, about seven out of ten
times, and its been keeping me up most nights. Its beginning to affect
my job and personal life, so I thought I should get some sleeping pills
or anything of the sort to help me sleep better. I went to the nearest
pharmacy and explained to the lady behind the counter about my situation
and if there was anything she had to help.

“You get those dream too?”, she said. She then told me of a new pill
that has been shown to be the most affective at managing these dreams,
and has been taken by the other townsfolk. It was being given for free,
as this was considered a widespread case, or so she said. I took the
container she handed me, and it wasn’t anything I previously heard of.
It was an opaque white vial with the description “Anti-Psychedelic
Stress Restraint” and that was it. No instructions other than “Take
before sleep and as soon as fog is visible in your local area” was
written, which I thought was odd. There was nothing else written, not
even the chemical elements of the thing, but for some reason I just
thanked the lady and walked out, thinking there was some psychological
reason for the instructions, and that the canister was quickly made
which is why it lacked any details.

As I was walking to my car the vial caught the eye of another man
walking the opposite direction, to which he said “They gave you them
things too?” and showed me his own vial. He said it was from the drug
store down south of town, and that he was going to the one I was just in
to find regular sleeping pills. “Wouldn’t take no for an answer, those
guys. It was either this thing or the high way, and it was that way for
the last three stores I checked.”

After I got home and wanted to go to bed I tried to see if the pills
worked. They look just like any other white pills I see, but there was
no kind of labeling on the things on top to tell you about them. Didn’t
taste like anything, either. When I went to sleep I once again had the
same dream, so the pills didn’t work, but this time I saw the old man,
and he was in a darker light. It was then that it hit me that I haven’t
seen or heard of him since he went to the funeral. It was odd, but I saw
other people before so it didn’t surprise me much, but it did make me
rethink on the fact that there was only dead people in those dreams,
since that was what everyone believed.

So that’s where I am now. I keep getting these dreams and all my local
pharmacies keep recommending those pills, and yet I don’t think they
actually do anything. It’s been a week and they still haven’t updated
the labeling or anything else. I’m posting this in the hopes someone can
tell me something about what’s happening. I’ll keep you guys updated if
anything changes.
