My name is Mallory Winsom. I know, I know, it’s not smart to put your
first and last name on the Internet. At this point, I’m desperate.

If you’re seeing this post, it’s proof that I existed.

The weirdness started as early as I can remember, around the time I was
5. I lived in an old, rundown trailer park on the outskirts of Eugene
with my mom and three siblings. Dad was a truck driver and swung by when
he could, but looking back I get the feeling he wasn’t as busy as he
appeared to be. My parents had a tumultuous relationship to say the
least, and honestly when he left for a long haul it was like the entire
house exhaled with relief.

The neighbor to our left was always changing- a “drug house”, I
overheard Mom say, and I never saw the same vehicle parked there more
than a few days at a time. But the neighbor to our right was Mr. Greg.

Mr. Greg lived alone with his four cats and a little canary he called
Monkey. I don’t know how the bird got its name, but it used to whistle
every time he opened the door. I loved Mr. Greg. When my mom would
threaten us with the belt, I would take off down the porch steps and
through the rotted slats of the old would-be privacy fence until I
reached his front door.

“You getting yourself into some trouble?” He’d ask, a twinkle in his
eye.

He would smile warmly and open his door, leading me through the back to
his small, neatly kept yard. It was humble in size, but to me it was an
oasis. While mine was a dead patch of grass and some overgrown thistles,
his had green climbing ivy, blooming rose bushes, and tomato plants with
the sweetest morsels I’d ever tasted. My favorite part of his garden was
his plum tree.

Mr. Greg would bring a basket of plums every couple weeks throughout the
summer. Once in a while, he’d invite us back to pick them ourselves.
They were always perfectly ripe and juicy, a rare treat in our
bread-and-rice household. I looked forward to our visits, and even from
a tender age, I considered him my friend.

One winter, I got very sick. I was rushed to the hospital and placed in
an induced coma while my body battled the illness. I never knew what it
was or whether the doctors knew either, but I was unconscious for two
whole weeks before my fever broke and they woke me up.

When I got home, Mr. Greg’s familiar brown Cadillac was replaced by a
red Camry in his driveway. He had also painted his house blue.

“Can we stop and say hi to Mr. Greg?” I remember asking.

My mom just looked at me with a weird expression.

Over the next few weeks, I got healthier and stronger. The snow melted,
and I was finally able to go out and play. The first thing I did was
skip over to Mr. Greg’s and knock on his door.

The first thing I noticed was that it was quiet. No meowing cats or
singing canary. I was taken aback when a plus-sized woman in her
mid-thirties answered the door.

“Hello! How are you Mallory?”

My heart skipped a beat. I had never seen this woman in my life. How did
she know who I was? What was she doing in Mr. Greg’s house?

I stared at her, not knowing what to say. She chuckled awkwardly and
asked if my mom was home and if I was okay. I turned and ran from her
porch back to my own house, bursting into the kitchen and startling my
mother.

“Where’s Mr. Greg?”

My mom, drenched to her elbows in dishwater, froze and stared at me with
concern on her face.

“Who?”

“Mr. Greg, our neighbor! There’s a lady in his house. She knows my
name!”

My mom continued to look confused. “Do you mean Ms. Jensen? Honey she’s
lived next to us for the last 6 years, since before you were born.”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I ran through our back door and
looked over the fence into what used to be Mr. Greg’s garden. Instead of
lush plants producing fruits and vegetables, it was a kitschy collection
of statues and wind chimes hanging from every beam or post around the
garden. Nothing but grass grew; and while it was tame, it was nowhere
near the exceptional beauty Mr. Greg had carefully curated over the
years.

Eventually, my mom took me to the doctor again when I wouldn’t stop
talking about Mr. Greg. The doctor chalked it up to the fever, and said
that the brain can make time feel differently when you’re in a coma.
That, combined with all of the medical trauma I had just experienced,
caused my brain to invent calming memories to cope. Mr. Greg became
nothing more than an imaginary friend. And until last week, that’s what
I believed for the last 15 years.

Other strange things happened throughout my childhood. There was a
second grade teacher of another class who disappeared and was replaced
overnight, and when I asked students if they missed Mr. Hill, they would
look at me like I was crazy. The only person who sort of believed me, or
was at least supportive, was my best friend Inez.

Inez Hernandez-Zepeda was my best friend from grades 4-12. Once we
graduated, we started at the same college. We experienced sleepovers,
summer camps, proms, volleyball tournaments, heartbreaks, first loves,
everything. I had her number memorized even though I had a phone, just
in case I needed to call her. She held my hair back when I drank too
much at my first bonfire, sat with me when my dad died, and cheered me
on when I was accepted to NYU. I once heard the term “platonic
soulmates”. That was us.

Inez knew that I had patchy memories of people that didn’t seem to
exist. She didn’t understand why, but like my family, she assumed it was
the effects of my childhood illness. As much as I tried to be normal,
and was for the most part, I still struggled with my health. I had
lasting migraines that would come and go, occasionally so painful I
would miss school and spend the day in bed. I had painkillers I filled
regularly so I was able to live normally. They got worse as I got older,
and I noticed that things would usually be different after a severe
migraine attack. My mom, who was basically estranged from me at this
point, called me crazy. Inez believed that these people were real to me.
That mattered.

Last week, I had another migraine attack. It was the first one in the
last 6 months, and it knocked me on my rear. I had to get doctor’s notes
excusing me from classes at NYU. I slept for 3 days, barely coming in
and out to recognize Inez placing a cold compress on my head or closing
the blinds. She had a deeply compassionate nature.

When I woke on the fourth day, daylight peaked in through the blinds,
and I could tell that the migraine had passed. The rag on my forehead
was dry and body temperature and I tossed it to the side. Slowly I sat
up, looking around the room. Inez wasn’t on her side of the room, but it
was a Saturday morning, so I assumed she would be in the living room
studying.

When I walked out, our other roommates Anna and Lucy were sitting on the
couch watching Dancing With the Stars.

“Hey, you.” Anna smiled at me. “That was a doozy. How are you feeling?”

I rubbed the back of my neck and stretched. “Okay. I’m still coming out
of it.” I glanced around the room. “Have you seen Inez?”

“Who?”

My blood froze.

No. 

Please, not Inez.

I took a deep, shaky breath. “Our roommate Inez? In my room?”

Lucy furrowed her brow. “Is that like her nickname or something? Ginger
left for her study group an hour ago. She told me to tell you she’ll be
home by 8.”

The room started spinning. I clutched the edge of the couch for support.

“Woah, Mal. Maybe you should lie back down for a bit? You don’t look so
good.”

I ran back into my room, scouring the shelves for proof of my biggest
fear. In picture frames where previously Inez and I stood grinning ear
to ear at her lake house was now a picture of me and a girl I barely
recognized from high school and certainly wasn’t close with. A birthday
card Inez had given me when I turned 20 was replaced with unfamiliar
handwriting and a signature that said “Hearts! -Danielle”. Who was
Danielle?

Another photo to the left of the four of us roommates. Me, Lucy, Anna,
and a girl I immediately assumed was Ginger. No Inez.

I pulled out my phone; her contact was gone. I dialed her number by
heart, the same seven digits I had memorized when I was 13 and dialed so
many times I could do it with my eyes closed.

A man’s voice answered. “This is Roger.”

I hung up.

I found Inez’ mom on Facebook. They were close, but all her pictures of
Inez were missing. I messaged her, begging her to call me ASAP. When I
saw her number come up on my phone a few hours later, I was
inconsolable.

“Mallory!? Are you okay? What’s happened, do you need me to call your
mother?”

“Inez… Inez.. please tell me you know who she is.” That was all I could
choke out between sobs.

Carmen was quiet on the other line. “I’m sorry Mallory, I don’t know who
you’re talking about. Maybe you should call your mom.”

The next several days were a blur. I stopped going to school, got
threatening emails from my teachers about attendance and missing
assignments. I don’t care. What’s the point? Someone or something is
taking away people I love. Am I crazy? I wouldn’t make this up. It’s not
possible.

But how is it possible that I’m the only person who remembers? Her own
mother doesn’t.

Any sane person would probably realize their medication is off, they
need a psychiatrist, or stress is maybe causing them to hallucinate. And
that’s the road I was heading down, that maybe I had made up Inez and
Mr. Hill and Mr. Greg and all the others who had vanished from my life
over the years. And that maybe I was going to just have to accept that
she was never real.

I was ready to come to terms with it- until last night.

I could feel a migraine coming on, caused by my previous illness or
maybe from the stress of the last few days I don’t know, so I took some
medication and went to bed early. That’s when I had the most terrifying
dream I’ve ever had in my life.

I was standing in a hollow, dark abyss. There were screams and moans
coming from every direction, but I couldn’t see anyone. My heart was
racing, my hair standing on end, and though I didn’t know where I was I
knew with every fiber of my being that I needed to get out of there.

I started to run, but no matter how quickly I moved, nothing around me
changed. The screams grew louder, some unseen force torturing the souls
around me.

Suddenly, there they were. Mr. Greg. Mr. Hill. Lynette from the bank.
Sherrie from the grocery store. Kyle, the landscaper. Inez.

Their eyes were hollow and empty, devoid of life and sunken in. They
were emaciated, their skin thin as paper, barely stretching over their
bones. Their mouths hung loosely, some of them drooling, others missing
teeth.

“Why did you send us here?” Inez moaned, her speech slurred.

My eyes widened in horror as she reached up a removed a chunk of her
scalp. I wanted to run but was frozen with fear.

“I thought we were friends.”

“W-we are, Inez,” I stammered. “I don’t know what happened, I-”

“I brought you over when your parents fought. I fed you from my garden,”
Mr. Greg wheezed and took a hobbled step toward me.

“We helped you.”

“We taught you”

“We took care of you.”

They began closing in around me, their skin slowly melting with
invisible heat as they wailed the wrongs I had done.

“Why not you, Mallory?” They hissed.

“Please- I’m sorry!! I didn’t mean to, please!!”

They stretched out their fingers, curling them around my clothes,
pulling me closer.

I woke up in a cold sweat, sheets drenched. I decided then to write my
story.

I’m posting here because my prayer is if enough people read it, if
enough people remember, then maybe I’ll be safe. Maybe I won’t be taken
to that awful place between existence.

I’m using Ginger’s computer while she’s asleep. I don’t know if there’s
a way to trick whatever this is, that if it looks like she posted it it
will still be here after I’m gone? I don’t know, but I’m trying
everything.

It’s 3:02 am. I’m trying not to fall back asleep because I feel like
I’ll wake up in that hellscape again, but my head is starting to hurt
really bad.

My name is Mallory. Mallory Kathryn Winsom. I am a student at NYU. I
exist. I exist. I exist.

I exist.

I exist.

I exist.

I exist.
