At the last count this morning, over a thousand have now fallen to the
illness which plagues Santa Fe. For more than a week now we have been
barricaded into our individual neighborhoods by order of the government,
and I write now to document what is to become of us.

​

On the first day anything was suspected to be wrong, the entire town was
in shock, but not a soul could have imagined what was to come. Eight in
the local nursing home were found dead in one night, making news across
the community. While deaths within the home were not at all uncommon,
the unknown nature of the passings certainly raised alarm to a
considerable degree.

​

To anyone’s knowledge, the severity of the incident did not appear to be
news that would spread outside of our town, which is why when a dozen
agents of the CDC suddenly appeared on the town’s doorsteps, many had
questions. Social posts spread the word like wildfire, and soon barriers
had to be placed to keep civilians away from the home, which crawled
increasingly with men in white hazmat suits.

​

The moment which really turned us to what we are now came when a nurse
in the home who had been held over the course of the day for testing
burst into the view of the people, screaming her head off. In the
streets, which had been quiet in anticipation despite the crowd, all
found focus as blood exploded from her mouth and eyes as if she had been
squeezed by some invisible force.

​

At once, pandemonium exploded across the block, but the powers that be
were clearly ready, as within moments from all sides the town was
swarmed with military vehicles that crushed any hopes of escape.
Immediate construction to establish barriers commenced but did not go
quietly. All through the night, shots rang out from the soldiers and
civilians alike. It is estimated that nearly two hundred went from
violence in the first night.

​

The next morning, representatives were sent to each neighborhood to give
information, and to the consensus of all, it was mere government blanket
statements which were only put forth to dull the masses. It took just a
few hours through the second day for the members of my neighborhood to
establish a line of communication sponsored by basement trails in order
to get to the bottom of things.

​

As information was gathered, the growing death count was tracked, and
several symptoms of the infected were observed. Beginning with flu- like
symptoms, the disease spread fast until, within hours of infection,
devastating sores spread across the body and coughs sent blood careening
from all orifices. From our knowledge, there was little that could be
done to slow the effects and practically no cases of the infected being
healed.

​

This morning things fired up again as the town neared a thousand deaths
since the first day, when a neighborhood just ten miles south of my own
began their campaign to break free. Though they were struck down nearly
immediately, their resistance gave opportunity for a group of our people
to sneak into fully cut-off areas yet to be searched.

​

Many papers were brought back from the excursion, and though many of
them had little relevance in our interests, there were a couple of
interesting bits of information extracted.

​

Number one, the exact data concerning the number of deaths through the
days was retrieved, helping write this document you read now.

​

Number two, the exact timeline of sickness was detailed, again adding
substance to our already conceived idea of the steps the virus took to
destroy the human body.

​

Finally, and most concerning, it was discovered that for reasons
unwritten, bodies within the morgue kept to test on were disappearing.
Though not much else was given to clarify the optics of such a scenario,
it could be understood by my constituents and I that such an amount of
bodies simply leaving from a site so controlled as the one in which it
took an entire resistance for our group to break into was abnormal at
the very least.

​

The idea that there may be some malevolent force stealing bodies away
from the already overpowering government striking down upon our homes is
a frightening thought and doesn’t offer comfort or optimism in the time
spent planning our next move.

​

Since the information was discovered, shots have been fired from
government watchtowers outside the bounds of the town, and messages from
other neighborhoods suggest something lurking outside trying to get into
the town.

​

The absurdity of it all nearly makes me laugh. The idea of something or
someone trying to get into this town, as nearly everyone within does the
opposite, makes me believe there is something far worse occurring than
even the current information would suggest. I pray that with my
community and the work of other neighborhoods, we can rise out of this
nightmare and ensure safety for us all.
