In the time since my last entry, much more has occurred in the town of
Santa Fe. If you did not read my last post, we have been under lockdown
by rule of the Government in order to contain a mysterious, deadly
disease that spread and killed at a rapid rate through our town.

​

The first change that occurred since my last post was the rate of
gunfire outside of our guarded town. As mentioned in the last post,
after bodies began mysteriously disappearing from government-controlled
facilities, gunshots from watchtowers have been heard. Current
information held by our neighborhood does not possess solid answers to
what could be the cause of the phenomenon, but ideas entering my head
make me shudder.

​

Since the revolt of the neighborhood in the south, paranoia and unrest
have been at an all-time high throughout ours. For a brief time,
excitement spread through the community as, for the first time, a direct
message from another neighborhood was discovered without being
intercepted by military forces. Though, the excitement only lasted until
our leaders grouped together to dissect the information and found the
word to be less than pleasing.

​

From a neighborhood in the southeast, just on the border of where the
revolt occurred, it was discovered dozens were dead or dying just from
hunger and unrelated sickness to the pandemic we faced. With grim faces,
those who lead in my neighborhood read silently, understanding that the
hell we had been experiencing was child’s play compared to those only a
day’s walk away. Most concerningly, the transmission asked desperately
for aid, an aid that could not be reasonably conceded without great
deaths in our own community.

​

“If we respond negatively, they could turn hostile! We must help our
brothers at all costs!” One of the leaders stood and shouted out.

​

“Dozens of us will die, and our people will grow weaker! In this time of
need, it is us who must have all we can get!” Another returned.

​

I watched as bickering between leaders continued for several hours
before the sun set and all fell quiet over the town.

​

“If we can not reach a decision now, then it will have to wait until
morning.” Had been the last tired words spoken before an unearthly
screech echoed through the darkness, followed by rapid gunshots.

​

Quickly, the leaders rose and rushed outside just to see a guard from
the closest watch tower plummet to the hard ground below. Slowly,
townspeople assembled, searching for belief in what they were seeing
before gates in the makeshift walls opened, and military personnel
swarmed out.

​

Screaming, order was gained quickly as the site of the broken man was
vacated, and he was covered by a black tarp. At first, the members of
the town were silent, but became vocal as a stirring under the dead
man’s tarp was noticed.

​

“What is that? Is he alive?” Some screamed, but the military only
shouted back, turning weapons to the crowd, dispersing them. Only the
leaders of the town stood now facing the men with guns.

​

“Our dead have been disappearing. From your own facilities.” One said.

​

“That is classified information!” A soldier screamed back.

​

“What is happening to them? Are you losing track? Miscounting? What
excuse could you possibly give for what is happening here now?” The
leader stepped forward, and the military men raised their weapons.

​

“If you come any closer, we will shoot.”

​

“Kill me and my people won’t forget.” He took another step. “Kill me and
no neighborhood-” The round fired into his chest with a hollow thud, and
he fell back without a word. Cries erupted and it took all the rest of
the leaders to keep the townspeople at bay.

​

As this occurred, the military men hustled to collect their ally under
the tarp who now trashed and tore violently. Those closest to the scene
watched as the dead man who had fallen no less than four stories toiled
within the tarp with the strength of several grown men.  

​

This incident has incited near-constant meetings between the remaining
town leaders. But as public unrest has risen, three more transmissions
from neighborhoods with similar terrible conditions have entered our
midst, and it is now the general belief among leadership that if any
conflict with the military were to come, we would be no better off than
any of the other dying neighborhoods.  

​

Holding in the people’s anger has proven to be the most difficult task
we have faced thus far, and I hope to report in the coming days that it
has mostly dissipated. Though even within myself I cannot help but feel
a deep rage growing in response to the killing. I wonder how the
feelings of others can be controlled if I cannot even hold them in
myself. For now, only time will tell, and I will bring updates in the
coming weeks.
