Hey Chris here, long time lurker, first time… um… participant?

Anyways. I got a weird ass problem. I’m not sure if I can explain it
properly. I’m not sure if anyone will believe it. But I can’t confess
this issue to people I know. You’ll understand why later.

So, I’m left talking to anonymous people online. My problem is… it’s
seriously messed up. And I’m sure most people won’t believe me but…
people around me, the people that I know… My friends, my family…

I think they want to eat me.

I know, you think I’m crazy. But I swear. There’s something seriously
messed up about the people around me. Hence why I’m writing online,
where you can’t see me… and think I’m delicious.

I guess I should start at the beginning. By the way, this isn’t a sex
thing.

So ever since I was young. I remember people always telling me I was
“cute” looking and “adorable”. My aunts and mom would always pamper me
with nicknames and a large amount of physical contact.

Looking back on it now, it feels creepy.

My aunt used to squeeze my cheeks and always say something like.

“You’re so cute! I could gobble you up!”

The amount of playful biting I experienced was… disproportional. I’d
often get their teeth marked in my arms or legs. It didn’t hurt, I
guess… It was just, stronger than you’d expect.

The main thing we’d play would be “Who can eat Chris”, where they’d
chase me around trying to catch me. It was mostly fun and games but
sometimes… Sometimes they’d go fast. And pin me down. Their eyes…
Sometimes It felt like we weren’t playing.

Every other game we would play, would always involving cooking, food or
meat. It was like, fetishistic almost. I wasn’t allowed do anything
else.

Let me just preface by saying I don’t think they were cannibals. I’m not
even sure if I think that now… But I’m not completely sure anymore.

There’s a memory I have of my mother. Something I never told anyone. I
think… I think I repressed it.

I was about five and one day, one of my baby teeth fell out. My mom told
me to put it in a jar, so that the tooth fairy can give me some money
for it.

I was happy and went to bed. That night I woke up, I had to go to the
bathroom. The bathroom is near the kitchen and I was passing I saw my
mom next to the open jar next to my tooth. She had it in her hand and…

 I think I saw my mother eat one of my baby teeth.

I’m not sure if I saw it, or if it was a dream. But the image is so
vivid in my head. I never thought anything of it until recently.

Again, I don’t think people in this town actively eat humans. Everyone
is pretty normal, they’re just… Well not normal around me.

Another example of this is when I go to the barber. The guy I go to is
kind of a freak. But he’s my mom’s friend and they insist I go there. He
always touches my hair and strokes it continuously. Like really
disgusting, inappropriate stuff.

He has a wife and kid. So, I don’t think he’s a predator or into me. But
I still fucking hate him. He seems obsessed with me.

One time I went there. He cut my hair and did his disgusting touching
ritual. I paid and I left. Only this time I did something different. I
peeked through window. He didn’t notice it, but I stayed behind and
watched. I don’t think I wanted to vomit so much in life.

He was on all fours on the floor and was eating my hair.

My hair! It was one of the most disgusting experiences I ever witnessed
in my life. He is a freak, in more ways that I can explain. I had an
argument with my mom after I told her I wasn’t going to go there
anymore.

And it’s not just the adults that do it.

Even when I was a teenager, the first girlfriend I ever had was obsessed
over me. Let’s just say I thought she was freaky, kinky even. Now, Chris
Penton is not the type of man to kiss and tell. But… hum… The experience
was… let’s just say there’s a reason we broke up.

One night, we were… kissing. And she…Well…

She bit my tongue. Like hard.

Like enough to produce blood. It wasn’t fun, it hurt. But then I looked
at her. Jesus Christ.

She looked so hungry. Her eyes were glazing with desire. But it wasn’t
sexual. I was quite literally a piece of a meat to her. And not in the
good way.

That was the last girlfriend I ever had.

And by the way let me just preface this. There is a lot of girls
interested in me. I always thought I was popular and liked because I’m
pretty or something? I personally think I look decent, but I kinda got
an ego seeing how many people always want to be around me.

Now, I don’t think their attraction to me is so innocent.

Fuck, this sucks so much.

I really don’t know what to do anymore. I really should leave.

God, I just remembered one time I scraped my knee. You know, typical kid
stuff. It was like the classic knee skin scraped and I… I remember
crying.

I remember my mom coming up to me and asking for a kiss. She looked at
my bloodied, bruised knee. And well she kissed it. I remember crying
harder, because I felt something, like it hurt… but in different way.

She lingered on my knee. I think… I think she was sucking on the wound.

God why did I remember that. So yeah, this kind of stuff just happens, I
can even give you more examples. It’s constant in my life.

One time I was having lunch with my friends. And I used to do this
thing. Basically, I was biting my nails. (I know disgusting habit). My
friends were just looking at me. Drooling. Like I was doing the most
delicious thing ever.

I’m scared to think what they’d do with the discarded finger nails.
Guess who doesn’t bite his nails anymore? (Hint: me.)

There’s also doctor I usually go to. I have diabetes. I sometimes have
to go there to draw blood. It’s not a lot. But every time I go…. What a
fucking shit show it is.

The doctor, an old man, probably in his fifties. He almost shakes when
he tries to prick me with a needle. Like he can’t control himself.

One time I said goodbye to him and walked away. Except I stood behind.
He was looking at the tube with my blood on it. Just staring at it for
so long.

It was insane. Then he finally popped the cap off of it. I saw him bring
it closer to his face with his mouth opening.

I fucking left before I saw anything else.

I don’t think they’re vampires or cannibals like I said. But there’s
something seriously screwed up about the people here.

Does anyone experience anything like this?! Please, I just need to know
if there’s someone with my problem what they did to fix it!

There’s a reason I’m typing all of this. I… There was an incident that
happened. Something that happened a few months ago. It’s the reason I’m
leaving town.

I should explain that we do woodworking in my school. And it’s usually a
lot of fun.

So, when this incident happened, we were using the sawblades. You know?
Those circular spinning ones. It’s not something we usually do, but it
was a special day that day, there’s a dude there and a crew.

 It doesn’t matter, what matters is that we were using a large circular
spinning sawblade.

And I, I lost my finger.

I don’t think I’ve ever had a more painful experience in my entire life.
The red shot of pure unbridled pain was immense. I was yelling and
screaming for help, as five people came to my aid and wrapped a shirt
around my hand.

I don’t think that compares to the psychological shock of what I saw
however.

My class has like fifteen people on it. Plus, there’s professors, plus
there’s other people there. Five people went to help as I said, but the
rest of them… They…They…

They were fucking fighting over my finger.

Like physically brawling and pushing each other aside to see who could
get my finger. It was fucking insane. I had the smallest faintest idea
that maybe they were going to help me and try to get the finger attached
in the hospital. But nope, we never saw the finger again.

I don’t even think the other people who helped me, did it out of the
kindness of their hearts. There was blood everywhere, and the people
helping me… Well… I think I saw them lick their fingers.

So that fucking does it! This town is completely off the rails. That
event broke me mentally, I had enough.

As I’m writing this I boarded a bus out of town. I’m going to go off for
a couple of months, maybe more, if things turn out well.

I’m pretty hungry but at least I’m getting out. I can eat when I get
there. The people around me seem…. Hum… pretty hungry too, they’re kinda
of drooling. What the hell, are they looking at me?!

I… I don’t understand. The bus driver just made an announcement… But it
doesn’t make any sense, this wasn’t part of the route. What is he
talking about?

The bus driver says we’re stopping so we can eat.
