When I was younger, my parents noticed that I seemed prone to physical
means of self-soothing. I would always be fidgeting, these little habits
and movements cycling in and out of my routine. They called it
“Stimming.” I would rub my neck, pick my nails or scabs, and chew on the
skin of my lips until they would split and bleed. These were temporary,
and I noticed they would fade or change in tandem with the bigger
changes of my life: high school, first breakup, landing my first job,
almost losing said job… The only habit that always remained consistent
throughout my life, one that I picked up from my late grandmother, was
wringing my hands.

She was a remarkable woman by all accounts. An Italian immigrant, a
proud matriarch, and lived fully until she passed in her sleep at the
age of eighty three. I can only hope to live up to the legacy she left
behind, but I’d be lying if I said that there wasn’t any pressure on me
to make the most of my life that she sacrificed so much to give me. I
felt this weight even as a kid, and she noticed.

“You worry too much,” she’d say as she took hold of my hand. “Most of
our troubles are in our heads. If you spend all day worrying, then a bad
moment turns into a bad day.”

It was a small gesture, but something about that warm contact grounded
me more than any of my other tics. Just holding her hand, knowing I was
connected to someone so rock-steady, made me stand just a little bit
taller. Obviously, she wasn’t always around to do this. Back at school
or anywhere other than family visits, I was on my own. It was a natural
next step, I suppose, but I got into the habit of squeezing my own hand
in the same manner she would. It worked exceptionally well for most of
my life and was a staple movement for me, until recent years. 

I hardly noticed the habit until after she died. It was a lingering
thought I addressed after interviewing for my job when the hiring
manager pointed out that I looked nervous. 

“Anna, you don’t have to be so tense. We’re pretty casual. The only
thing we care about now is what music you want in the studio,” he had
told me, an understanding and pitying look beaming back. I just nodded
and gripped my hands into my pants under the table to keep them out of
sight.

And that’s the nature of the relationships we form with people. They
live on through us and the small little tweaks we make to ourselves to
emulate them. We make connections, and they’re permanent. Sometimes
though, I really wish we could sever the ties that bind us to people we
meet. As much as a blessing it can be, so can it easily be agitation.
That nonconsensual imprinting we do on one another. When we’re stuck
with pieces of someone else embedded in us like cancer. A parasite, just
clinging onto you without thought, just impulsive. Infatuated.
Obsessive.

Monstrous.

I wish you could remove it, but you can’t. It took something as simple
as me reaching for my alarm clock this morning to realize this, but now
I see. My habit was sanctuary. It was my way to stay connected to
someone who always pointed me in the right direction even after she was
gone. All I had to do was squeeze my hand, and I’d be alright. This was
taken away from me though. 

It’s been a number of years since, and I’ve coped; however, things
changed again this morning. I’m terrified of something happening again,
so I will redirect my focus here for as long as I can. I need to
distract myself, and only then will my brain remember what it’s lost.
The best way for me to do this is to recount a part of my life that I
regard with nothing other than pain. Pain in all of its forms, and pits
of indignity. It’s something I shut out for the last few years, and I am
terrified of its return. They’re the worst things that have ever
happened to me, and it started with my amputation.

It’s been six years since I’ve felt anything with my right hand. The
event itself really doesn’t stick out to me any more than just a memory
given all the time between then and now. I won’t get choked up or freeze
thinking about it, and I’m proud of that. If anything, it really was a
dull day at first. 

I was still a new-hire at a tattoo shop that was kind enough to take me
as an apprentice. It was a nice gig, and I really enjoyed having my own
space to work in. Of course, my parents raised an eyebrow at my career
path. I’m sure they would have preferred a lawyer or doctor, but I won’t
act like they weren’t supportive. My father helped me buy supplies when
I was an apprentice, and my mother even offered to be a canvas if I
needed help with my portfolio early on. It can be hard for a new artist
to get consistent clients, especially if you don’t have examples of
people who trusted your art to be on their skin forever. Normally this
is a universal problem, but not for me. Not since I met Ian.

He was a tall, lanky man. His wiry beard fully disguised his chin, and
the stubble on his bald head subtly revealed the hairline he tried to
shave away. I was still setting up my studio when he first came in, not
a patch of ink anywhere on him.

“Hey, I’m looking into getting a tattoo soon. I’m completely new to
this, so if I could get maybe a bit of info?” he asked my old boss,
David. I believe David was in his late thirties at the time, though he
never explicitly told me. He was always good to me, and always pulled
through on hoisting me up on a pedestal for new clients when I was
trying to get my start.

“We definitely have info. Do you have any idea at all on what you’re
looking to get?” David responded as Ian craned his neck to see deeper
into the shop.

“I have a few ideas, but I don’t want to step on your guys’ toes. It’d
be sort of about my ex, but not really in a good way I guess.”

David chuckled. “If it’s your first tattoo, please don’t get a sewn up
heart, man. I promise you we can come up with something better.”

“I swear, it’s not like that. I was thinking of doing an Ouroboros.
Nothing too big, but a bit of a reminder to me.” Ian laughed a bit, but
his nervous shifting was obvious. “It’d be cool if I could get it today
before I lose my nerve. I know I don’t have an appointment, but I really
don’t want it big.”

David pursed his lips and nodded while thinking. “Anna’s apprenticing
here. She could probably knock something like that out.”

I had the same idea as David, which was why I’d been hovering near their
conversation. Tattooing the hands can be painful, but small tattoos can
go by quickly, and I had hoped Ian would give me a shot. Ian smiled when
he saw me. He seemed friendly.

“Yeah. Sure, that works,” he said.

The design was easy enough to draft while Ian took a seat in the studio.
The Ouroboros looked pretty clean, each scale well defined and the
action of the snake eating its own tail read clearly. I started laying
out my equipment, and I took note of the state of his fingers. Chewed to
hell, the skin around his nails and knuckles was callused and tough like
leather. Small scabs where the calluses gave way looked fresh, like they
had only been bleeding moments prior without a chance to properly heal.
I grabbed his arm. He was already shaking by the time I layered the
stencil on the back of his hand. 

“You nervous it’ll hurt?” I asked, trying not to sound judgemental. I
looked up to his face, only to find his eyes were deadlocked on me
rather than the design. He blinked, then swallowed.

“Yeah. I heard getting your hands done sucks,” he muttered through the
shaking of his chest.

“We can move it somewhere else on your arm if you want. It might be
easier.”

“No, this is fine. I want to be able to see it well,” he said as he took
a breath. “It’s a bit artsy, but I want it to remind me about how bad
habits can eat away at you. I chew on my fingers a lot, I don’t even
mean to.”

I knew the feeling. “And your ex?” I asked as I loaded the needle with
ink. Again, Ian took a sharp breath and turned his eyes away from the
tattoo gun.

“I really hate my bad habits.”

I guess I did a good enough job on his first piece because Ian went from
a tattoo-virgin to the only person I could call a regular customer for
myself. At first, it was every couple of months. He’d come in, run an
idea by us for a small sticker tattoo he’d be unsure of, and I’d gain
another photo for my portfolio. It was nice, and he was always so
trusting of my work. He never complained, and he even stopped shaking in
the chair after what must have been his sixth addition to his arm. Then
he started coming more.

Monthly, or even more frequently. Sometimes he’d come in while the
medical film was still applied from his prior visit, or he’d be bold
enough to get progressively larger tattoos. Ian became a household name,
and my coworkers and I watched his pale arms slowly pigment into a
collage of my work. My walking resume.

Like I said, he was always nice, but I wasn’t entirely naive. I was
nineteen and I imagine he was in his late twenties. Each time I’d tattoo
him, I couldn’t shake the feeling that he was on his best behavior. He’d
laugh at my jokes, always have a plethora of harmless questions to ask
me, and I’m sure he enjoyed the treatment he got as a regular. David
always flaunted discounts for Ian, and made sure he always got the
finest from his ‘favorite artist.’ I couldn’t blame David entirely since
we charged commission each time Ian couldn’t make up his mind on a
design, but the special treatment began to get excessive.

One day it was raining hard. I had just finished adding some
miscellaneous Celtic braids to Ian’s shoulder to represent his Irish
heritage that he only just learned about from a DNA kit. It was his
biggest addition yet, and of course David was fine if the session ran a
little past closing time.

“Alright, I think we’re set,” I announced as I tucked away the last of
my equipment for the evening.

“Does anyone know if this is going to clear anytime soon?” Asked Ian
while he carefully slotted his wrapped arm back through his shirt. David
checked his phone and sighed.

“Sorry, bud. Hopefully you drove here?” he said while flicking off a few
of the shop lights. Ian chewed on a knuckle and stared out into the
storm.

“Shit. I live like ten blocks away. Is my arm going to be alright?”

I slung my bag over my shoulder and clasped my hands like normal while I
made a choice. It took me years to forgive myself for my decision, and I
still have days where regret creeps back into my life. This was Ian. He
was my favorite and only customer, despite the awkward blushing I saw
melt across his skin every time I held his arm steady for the needle.
This was Ian, and Ian needed help. That’s all I could have known.

“Need a ride?” I offered. He answered so quickly that I barely got the
question out.

“No, I can walk. It’s okay, really. I’ll be fine. That’s too much.” His
face ran red just before David switched off the last of the lights.

“If you’re downtown then it’s on the way,” I said, while I walked with
David to the door. “Are you downtown?”

“Yeah.”

“Easy then. It’s like ten minutes. I don’t want my stuff to get infected
from city rain.” 

The rain roared as David held the door open for me and Ian. “Do what
you’re going to do, but do it now please,” grumbled David as his
patience wore thin. Ian leaned his head back and forth as he weighed his
options, then followed us outside.

I’d be putting it lightly by saying the ride was uninteresting. The
monotonous squeak of my wipers against the rainfall was my only source
of stimulation as Ian sat with his knees pointed away from me and his
head against the window. The outskirts of the city were dark by this
time of night, and the glare of passing streetlights threw amber ripples
over the dashboard as we drove. Every now and then, Ian would get
illuminated by the orange streaks, revealing an expression of distressed
concentration as he averted his eyes from me. It worried me, so I just
focused on getting him home quickly.

Ahead of us, beyond a line of incoming cars, I saw the traffic light
turn red. I knew I should come up with something to say to Ian before we
were stuck at the light. I couldn’t tell whether he was nervous,
embarrassed, or simply trying very hard not to talk to me, so I turned
to him briefly as we approached the light.

“So what are you into besides tattoos?” I asked, just hoping for any
normal conversation to spark up. Apparently I caught Ian off guard, and
that quick glance I took toward him would change my life forever.

He was chewing his fingers, but not like before. His face was still
turned away from me, but I could see that he had inserted his fingers
fully into his jaws. He had been chewing on them voraciously, and
quickly slid his spit-covered, bloody hand from his mouth and onto his
lap the second I talked. He locked eyes with me, gauging if I had seen
what he was doing. I know that I’ve had some uncomfortable fidgets that
I would hide from strangers in public, but this freaked me out; and I
didn’t look away. I wouldn’t stop staring.

I would learn later on that it was an intoxicated driver that had hit
us. I won’t say his name for the sake of his family that he left behind,
but I will say that he was about twice the legal limit, and lost track
of the centerline in the rain.

I had woken up briefly just after the collision in excruciating pain.
The world had turned ninety degrees, and I knew that the car had rolled
onto its driver’s side. My window had broken, so my face was badly
marred as it was pressed into the asphalt. There was about an inch of
rain flowing across the ground, saturating my mouth with the taste of
blood as it ran over my lips. I tried to cry out, but something was
terribly wrong with my neck. Every breath felt crooked and hissed as it
resisted air from flowing into my lungs. I tried to move, but found that
I was somehow pinned. 

The commotion of cars screeching to a halt and frantic chatter began to
build outside while I tried to make sense of what had happened in the
moment. Though I didn’t know it at the time, I was severely concussed. I
remember what happened, but I don’t remember holding any comprehension
of the events. It was as if I was on autopilot, watching it all play out
from the back of my own eyes. I remember hot blood trickling down over
me from the raised passenger side. Through the smoke and rain, I hardly
could make out the misshapen remains of Ian. He was motionless, with his
body half flung through the windshield while his legs were tangled and
caught by his seatbelt. 

The dashboard was collapsed and compressed from the impact, and inserted
into that mangled conglomerate of metal and plastic was my right arm.
The pain was so extreme that I began to stumble and lose consciousness.
Leaning back, I watched as the skin of my arm stretched rather than
resisting my weight, and I knew it was no longer supported by bone. The
pain also stopped at what I could see. There was no sensation of broken
fingers, or my mutilated forearm, only seething pain at the base of my
elbow which pressed up against the metal. I became sick, and not soon
after, I’d wake up again.

My hospital room was dark. The anesthetics gave me an immense sensation
of drowsiness that made my limbs far too heavy to move. I must have sat
there for hours before a patrolling nurse noticed I was showing signs of
waking up. I was still not fully conscious, and it was a blur of several
days before I became alert enough to learn about the tracheotomy. 

A small plastic tube had been surgically inserted through the base of my
throat to remedy my damaged windpipe. Talking would be impossible
without time to heal and a few sessions to wean off my dependency. If it
weren’t for the sedatives, I would have surely begun to panic. 

I mostly slept for the first few days, only caring to stay awake when I
had the energy to acknowledge my parents in the room. They were
inconsolable at first, but eventually put on a facade of everything
being okay and hopeful. They were holding back details, but I was still
too spacey to really grasp what was happening to me.

The first night I truly remember returning to full awareness began when
I woke up with my mouth dry enough to hurt. I heard the ventilation
humming, felt the scratchy sheets for the first time, and became aware
of the deep soreness that had settled into my body from days of lying
still. I felt the pressure of the IV taped to the inner bend of my left
elbow and instinctively reached toward it with my right arm. 

Nothing.

I thought my arm must have gone numb, like when you fall asleep on it
for too long. I tried again. I wanted to bring my hands together, the
way I always did when I was frightened. My left hand closed around
nothing. Something was wrong, disconnected. I could feel my right arm. I
was certain it was there. But when I tried to bring my hands together,
my left hand found only empty space. My head still felt heavy as lead. I
strained my eyes downward and saw only one arm lifted over my chest. I
dragged my chin toward the other side of the bed. 

The sleeve of my hospital gown was empty. It lay folded flat against the
mattress, except for a small, rounded impression near the shoulder. I
stared at it, and I tried raising my arm anyway. The bump slowly turned
over under the thin fabric. My stomach churned, and I carefully reached
over with my other arm to lift the fabric.

The stitches ran deep along the seam where my skin had been sealed back
together. Dark purple with sodden gauze wrapped tightly around the
wound, all that was left of my arm was no more than a fistful of flesh.
I heard the hollow airflow of my breathing tube grow louder as I
examined my atrophied stump. I still felt my whole arm in my head. I
could move it, wiggle my fingers, or reach toward the bedframe to try
and sit up. The only response I’d get to these impulses was the slight
twitching of a lump of flesh. 

Panic began to set in, and I opened my mouth to try and call for anyone
to help me. The raspy croak that escaped my throat burned like acid and
stung enough to well tears in my eyes. I instinctively reached with my
right hand to wipe them, but kicked in frustration when my missing arm
failed to make contact with my face.

I thought I could be dreaming. Maybe I was still unconscious in the car,
and maybe Ian would pull me out of the wreckage. We’d be okay, and I’d
give him any tattoo he’d like for free. I denied this reality as much as
I could. I reached for the help button, tried snapping, tried punching
the bed, tried reaching over to rip out the itchy IV; all the while this
pitiful nub on my shoulder flinched helplessly like an infant trying to
walk. 

I started to sob, and couldn’t keep myself from thinking of how much I
depended on my right arm. Writing, drawing, my art, all things that I
might never be able to replicate with the other side. I slumped back
into my bed, laying both my missing and remaining arm at my side as I
stared up into the blackness of the ceiling with tears streaming across
my face. Everything was falling apart. I was hopeless, then I felt it.

A hand. 

Tenderly, lovingly, someone took hold of my missing hand and gently
squeezed it. I snapped my eyes to the bedside only to see the empty
room, but the feeling was still there. I tried to speak, but I could
only mouth what I wanted to say.

“I’m scared, Grandma.”

The next day, my parents returned to the hospital after an overnight
visit home for a shower. They immediately choked up with joy and
apologies after seeing I was awake. They had endless questions, many of
which were repeated by the medical staff as they checked on my status. I
was given a small whiteboard to write on in response.

Doctor Malleck was a soft-spoken man that always considered his words
carefully before speaking. I could tell that he had broken the news many
times prior to my case.

“I am sorry. Truly. We’ve had others go through similar incidents like
this, and it’s… horrible. Every time.” He adjusted his thin glasses and
knelt down by my side, carefully placing a marker in my hand. “You’re
not alone in this, and I hope we can help bring you some comfort while
you heal. We’ll start easing you back into talking in the next couple of
days, but for now this is probably our best option to speak. Is there
another way that you’d prefer?” he asked with a tone of legitimate
care. 

I shook my head. He continued.

“I’ll be plain. Your parents told me you were a righty. This will be a
bit awkward, but try to write as best as you can. There will be a lot to
get used to doing again, but a lot of patients start to adapt pretty
well, and quicker than you’d think. Is there anything you’d like to ask
us?” He sat back upright and prepared a clipboard. 

“Ian?” I wrote across the board, propping it up against my bent legs.

“Ian Gallagher?” he confirmed, though I could tell he knew who I meant.
I nodded, and he carefully proceeded. “Ian passed away in the accident.”
I felt the tears build in my eyes again. “My condolences. He didn’t
suffer.” 

For a few hours, Dr. Malleck patiently communed with my questions as I
messily scribbled one sentence at a time. He told me that having a
‘Phantom Limb’ was a normal symptom after an amputation as invasive as
mine. The nerves in my arm had spent nineteen years conversing with my
body, and such an abrupt severance will often lead to the sensation that
the limb is still there. He said I might experience false feedback,
itching, temperature discomfort, or even just steady pain until my body
eventually acclimates. Even then, many amputees still never fully lose
their phantom sensation.

“Do people ever feel other people?” I wrote. Dr. Malleck squinted in
confusion, so I erased and tried again. “I felt my grandma holding my
hand.”

“It’s possible…” he murmured, standing to stretch. “People experience
phantom sensations differently. Sometimes the brain predicts a sensation
so strongly that you can almost swear you’re feeling it. If someone has
a phantom sensation in their leg, they might experience stubbing a toe
briefly if they perceive that they would have otherwise hit their
physical leg,” he continued to gather his documents as he spoke. “If you
imagine raising your arm right now, do you feel it?” 

He was right. I imagined my arm going up, and it was as if I could reach
out and touch the wall. The doctor saw my stump move around and knew I
was trying.

“I want you to picture what you felt, as if someone was holding your
hand. Do you get any sensation?” He lingered by the open door as he
waited. I imagined my grandmother’s hand wrapping around mine. I tried
to recount the feel of her skin, the warmth of her palm, and the length
of her fingers. I imagined it, but I didn’t feel it. I looked back to
the doctor and shook my head.

The following days in the hospital became pretty routine from that point
on. Every day had a set time when they would monitor me while
progressively reducing my dependence on the ventilator. It started with
small periods where they lowered the amount of mechanical support and
watched to see whether I could successfully breathe on my own. Once I
could manage those stretches without struggling, they extended them a
little further each day, giving my lungs and windpipe more time to
adjust. 

For nearly a week, this was my life. Wake up, breathe, rest, sleep. The
nurses were patient, and I learned not to panic whenever my throat felt
strange or my breathing became difficult. Eventually, I was able to
spend longer periods breathing entirely on my own, though the
tracheostomy remained in place. 

The first time they left me like that for any real length of time, a
nurse stayed nearby to keep watch.

“There’s nothing you need to do except breathe normally and let your
body get used to it,” she said reassuringly. So I did.

For perhaps twenty minutes, I sat quietly and listened to myself
breathe. No machine pulsed beside me. No ventilator hissed with each
breath. It was just me, focusing on the rhythm.

Then without any sign of warning, someone touched my right palm.

I stopped breathing. It wasn’t conscious, but the surprise shook my
rhythm and I began to cough. The nurse caught on quickly and raced to my
side to assist me.

“You’re okay. Just stay calm,” she said with a professional urgency. I
was shaking, but I tried to ignore the unseen person as they caressed my
phantom hand. As I tried to catch my breath, I tried to clasp my hands
together the way I always had, only to be reminded of what I was
missing.

The nurse kept telling me to breathe, but I couldn’t. My eyes watered as
I stared at the empty sleeve resting beside me. I tried moving the
phantom fingers, willing them to close around something, anything. They
curled uselessly in my mind. 

Then I felt it again. A hand slipped gently into mine, warm and
familiar. My phantom fingers closed around it instinctively. For a
moment, neither of us moved. I felt the heel of her palm settle against
mine. Her thumb brushed slowly across my knuckles, and then her fingers
began to interlace with mine, one at a time, until our hands were held
together as tightly as they ever had been when I was a child. The panic
disappeared. My breathing slowed beneath the tracheostomy. The trembling
stopped. I could feel the warmth of her skin spreading through my palm
and the gentle pressure of her fingers between mine.

“That’s good. Easy there.” whispered the nurse. I squeezed the unseen
hand and opened my mouth.

“I’m okay,” I hoarsely whispered back. The words felt like they shredded
my throat, but I was elated to hear the slightest semblance of my voice
again. The nurse widened her eyes and smiled at me.

My grandmother came and went sporadically for the remainder of the day.
I’d rest, and be comfortably awoken by her hand running down my forearm,
and joining with mine. Though I still didn’t understand it, it was a
pleasant surprise each time it happened. As the sun was setting outside
my window, I decided to try something. My breathing was finally becoming
more stable, and I felt that I could direct my focus to my arm. 

The sensation of touch was vivid, and I questioned if Dr. Malleck could
possibly be right about this merely being a phantom sensation. Maybe
this was a hallucination. Just an imagined feeling I conjured every time
I needed the impression of her support. It was difficult to be exact
with my movements without seeing them, but I moved my missing fingers to
better hold onto my grandmother’s hand. I turned her hand over in mine,
feeling along the palm and the delicate creases beneath each finger.
Then I brushed across her knuckles.

I stopped. Something was wrong. The skin was rough. Not the soft, warm
skin of my grandmother’s hand. I ran my fingers across them again,
slower this time. Callused. Scarred, even. The sensation carried the
unpleasant texture of skin that had been picked at for years. I
remembered those hands. I had held them hundreds of times.

Before I could pull away, the hand tightened around mine. My phantom
wrist lifted. I felt my arm raise through the air, though my shoulder
remained motionless. The sensation was so convincing that I could feel
the change in weight, the bend of my elbow, the position of fingers I
hadn’t physically possessed in nearly a week. Then something touched the
back of my hand, softly. 

A kiss. My skin crawled, and I quickly leaned my torso away from where
my hand felt like it was being held, but nothing changed. It was almost
as though the person moved along with my arm, like they were attached.
Another kiss followed just above my knuckles, and I felt the coarse,
wiry brushing of a beard against my skin.

“Ian? Stop, no,” I choked out, my voice only spewing air. He didn’t
stop. I felt my stomach drop as he held my fingers to his lips, the
smooth hardness of his teeth pressing against me. I rolled further back,
desperately trying to pull my nonexistent limb away, but it felt so weak
I could hardly move it. Like a tick latched onto me, Ian’s face
perfectly tracked with my arm as he slowly inserted my index finger into
his mouth.

I tried to scream as I flailed about in my bed, but my voice could only
emit pitiful squeaks. I tried punching the air with my left arm, hoping
to somehow make an impossible connection with Ian. There was nothing I
could do as his tongue slithered around my finger. I rolled and rolled,
kicking at nothing as I tried desperately to shake my hand loose until I
accidentally leaned too far over the edge of my bed. 

The tiled floor collided with my head and immediately reminded me of my
concussion. I winced as the deep aching radiated down my neck, but found
solace when I realized my hand was free from Ian. For several seconds I
stayed where I was, curled against the side of the bed and staring at
the empty space in front of me. I couldn’t tell if I was crying or
choking.

The nurse was at my side immediately after the commotion I caused.

“Anna? Don’t move. Don’t try to stand. Are you alright?” She helped roll
me back into my bed and signaled for more assistance. My heart continued
to race while she asked me what happened.

“I-” Nothing came out properly. I pointed toward the empty space beside
my bed. The nurse nodded compassionately, but I knew she had no idea
what I meant.

“It’s okay,” she managed as she inspected the area where I hit my head.
“You’re not bleeding, but you’ve got a bit of a bump. We’ll have this
checked out,” she continued.

As she spoke, my attention began to drift. I hardly listened, and I
began staring where my right hand ought to be. My fingers were still
wet. I pictured bringing them closer to my face, and I pressed my
fingers together. I felt the warmth, the slickness, the faint tackiness
that came when I splayed my fingers back apart. I tried wiping my
missing arm on the bed, only for it to phase through the bed with no
effect. I couldn’t wipe them on my clothing or even shake off the
viscous fluid. I struggled to block it out of my mind, but the sensation
of Ian’s spit on my fingers was real.

Dr. Malleck asked me to start practicing mirror therapy, and he had me
work with a physical therapist named Grace to learn the basics. 

“A lot of people feel burning or cramps in segments of their phantom
limb, and I’m sure your concussion has a way of exacerbating that,” she
had told me, her voice chipper and inviting. “So here’s what we’re going
to try…”

She placed a large mirror perpendicular to my chest as I sat by a table
in the rehabilitation gym. I held my good arm out, and positioned the
mirror so the reflection lined up with where my phantom limb should be.

“I want you to open and close your fist, and imagine doing the same
thing with both sides. If you focus enough on the reflection, you should
hopefully start to synchronize the feeling.”

“I think I feel it,” I whispered, my throat now becoming more acclimated
to unassisted breathing. As I slowly waved my hand in the air, my
phantom limb came back into focus in my mind. It didn’t feel as
disembodied, not as weak. 

“If you feel that pain again, practicing this could help alleviate some
of the discomfort. It varies by patient, but this kind of illusion can
help your brain map out your body.”

I never told them the specifics of what I experienced, just that I had
been struggling with some more detailed sensations like burning,
touching, or itching… Saying it aloud made it sound exactly like what
they thought it was: a frightened nineteen-year-old’s brain misfiring
after a catastrophic injury. So I let them believe it was ordinary
phantom pain.

For the most part, mirror therapy did help. The reflected hand gave my
mind something solid to work with, and after several sessions I could
almost forget which side of my body I was looking at. I would open and
close my fist, rotate my wrist, flex each finger, and watch the
reflection obey. Sometimes after therapy, the phantom arm would
disappear for hours on end. It was strangely comforting.

Then, during one of our afternoon sessions, I felt a finger curl around
mine. I stopped moving, and Grace noticed.

“Do you feel alright?” she asked. I swallowed and looked down at the
table. 

“I’m feeling someone grabbing my hand,” I stated, more honest than I had
been. Grace paused for a second to consider what I had said, then held
the mirror for me.

“Rotate your wrist,” she instructed. I tried moving my hand again, and
the phantom fingers moved with it.

“It’s still holding on,” I said, as I switched up the motions.

“Does it just feel like pressure?” Grace carefully inspected my stump. I
felt the disembodied hand clasp more firmly around mine, the abrasive
calluses rubbing against my skin. I sped up the mirror exercise, praying
that it would start working.

“He’s not letting go.” My voice began to shake. Grace’s face grew
concerned and she held the mirror steady for me.

“Anna, I need you to relax. We can get you a few painkillers, but see if
you can shift focus. Sometimes the sensation becomes more pronounced if
you hyperfixate on it.”

“I’m trying.” I flinched as my hand began to get lifted upward. “Ian,
please.” I shot up out of my seat, trying to pull my hand away. The
sensation followed. Grace caught my shoulder before I could stumble.

“Okay, we’re going to get you some anticonvulsants,” she announced
loudly enough for some additional medical staff to cue in. I felt the
fingers tug my arm away, then, I felt something familiar. My hand
brushed through the tough, unkempt beard, and I yelped as my hand
slipped between his lips. I felt the teething of broken teeth. Some of
them were loose, and what felt like small shards of glass protruded from
Ian’s cheeks and scratched against my hand.

I relentlessly cringed, twisting my body as Grace tried to hold me
still. More assistants rushed over to me, handing me a series of pills
in small paper cups. I took them without hesitation, but they couldn’t
bring me any relief quick enough. My hand was thrust deeper and deeper,
to the point where I questioned if a human mouth could even open that
wide. His tongue curled around my pinkie and wedged it between two of
his molars as I felt his lips engulf my wrist. 

I started screaming as I dropped to the ground. 

“Sedatives!” demanded Grace as I hysterically dragged my stump against
the rubber floor. 

The stitches pried at my skin with a singeing pain as I painted the
floor with dark streaks of blood, growing thicker as the string pulled
from my arm. I felt Ian’s teeth rake back and forth over my pinkie
before a steady, inexorable force began to bite down. My screams
stopped, my eyes and mouth locking open in pure agony as my bone snapped
like a twig. Unlike the car accident, my finger experienced an
instantaneous moment of searing anguish before all mental connection to
it was lost, and I knew it was gone.

Ian kept going.

I felt the lips around my wrist beckon inward, pursing to pull more of
my arm between the jagged teeth. Shock set in, and I lost control of my
body as the teeth went to work. The nurses tried to cradle my head so I
wouldn’t do more damage, but my aimless convulsions were all my body
could do in response to a threat I could not fight off. Bite by bite, I
felt my hand compress into itself and lose all semblance of shape. Bones
became powder, and flesh turned to shreds; only for a slimy tongue to
amalgamate my arm into nothing more than pulp. 

My vision flashed white as the pain overwhelmed every other thought in
my head. Grace was shouting something, nurses were holding me down, but
all of it sounded impossibly far away. The pain moved higher, past my
wrist and toward my stump. Each bite took another piece of me with it,
until I felt one final pressure at the base of my phantom arm. A
terrible, crushing force.

I don’t remember falling unconscious, nor being moved back to my room,
but I do remember the stillness. When I woke up again, my body felt
definitive. I had one arm, and two shoulders, and that was it. There was
nothing there. No hand, no itching, no pressure, and no phantom
sensation. For the first time since the accident, I couldn’t feel my
right arm even in my mind. It was gone, severed in an accident, and that
was the end of it. I was elated.

The rest of my recovery was a success, all things considered. Besides a
small scar from the incision, my throat fully healed. Physical therapy
became part of my daily life after I was discharged from the hospital,
and I had to learn to navigate the world with one hand. My arm still
bothers me mostly due to the visual, but the stump made great practice
for relearning how to tattoo with my left hand. Of course, David was
more than accommodating of my condition, and I settled back into my role
as an apprentice while embracing my new status of being a reluctant
lefty. 

The phantom sensations never returned. Not once. Over the following six
years, I felt that I had fully adapted. I stopped reaching for things
that weren’t there. My fingers wouldn’t curl around imaginary objects. I
stopped even dreaming of having two hands. Eventually, I stopped
thinking about the accident at all. Until this morning.

At 8:00 every morning, my alarm went off at the same time. Without
thinking, I reached to shut it off. I missed. A bit groggy, I tried
again, but it felt like my entire nightstand was missing. When I opened
my eyes, I realized that I had reached with my right hand. 

For the first time in six years, I could feel it. My arm stretched
outward in front of me, occupying the space between myself and the
clock. I could feel the weight of it, the bend of my elbow, the shape of
my wrist. When I tried to touch the clock, my fingers passed straight
through it. 

Then it began to itch.
