Content warning (spoilers): >!Non-Graphic Child abuse, Excessive Gore,
Bodily Fluids, Sexual Themes.!<

I had never been the type to fear flying. There’s no reason behind it,
or a trick that calmed my mind into optimism. The lack of fear was
either just pure luck of the draw, or an amygdala that had been labeled
irrelevant after a lifetime of emotionless comfort. Either way, the most
I had to dread for the upcoming flight, was the cramped seat, and the
bladder size of the passenger next to me; that is, if I was not damned
by the horror of sitting next to a child.

Since the first flight had gone well enough, my hopes were high for the
next. I’d had all three seats to myself, and just enough time to cram a
movie in between takeoff, and landing. Then came the mad dash to
transfer flights, that, in the end, turned out to be a waste of energy.

I had missed a delay announcement an hour earlier, leaving me with just
as much time to spare. I plunked myself down onto one of the many empty
chairs, and dug a creased, and faded paperback out of my backpack.

My choice in books had been quite ignorant; it was something I
discovered once the terminal began to fill up. I hoped that a curious,
prodding gaze would not think to decipher the words ‘Fantastic Orgy’
when they were obstructed by my fingers.

The exhausted frames danced in my peripheral while I read, and with them
came the smell of insecurity and medical sterility.

I looked up at these shapes once I reached the bottom of a page, and
felt my stomach churn at the sight. Red dotted, pink scalps full of
transplanted hair filled the terminal. Black bands stretched across
their foreheads, and just above their ears, holding back the swelling
like a dam.

Insecure cunts, I thought and ran a hand through my hair. I was not far
behind them, an estimate of ten years before I’d have to shave it all
off. But I was ready for that commitment. It was the preferable choice
over succumbing to insecurities and mutilating myself for the visual
preferences of complete strangers.

With this said, I – in all honesty – was not a beacon of confidence
myself. It’s something I won’t bore you with. I’m sure it’s a topic
you’ve trampled over enough times to turn the self-loathing into a
pulpy, blood-pile of meat and bone.

One of the redheads was dragging some poor woman along with him. The
skin of her face stretched back. Her lips bloated like the gassy carcass
of a beached whale, and lathered in ten sheets of lipstick. The rest of
her face was wrapped in bandages, with a focus on her nose. I groaned,
and looked back down at my book.

It was either the anger, or the pity that had weighed me down. Either
way, the unsure feelings bubbling within me worked as an impenetrable
distraction. One that turned my reading into an unfocused stare, and
left me blindly waiting until the boarding call came.

I had been the first to my feet, but was beat to the line by three
red-heads. The restless passengers shifted their weight from one leg to
another. Their bloated, pink scalps jiggled side to side like a bulbous
mass of Jell-o.

First class boarding finished up soon enough. As much hatred as I’d had
for the rich bastards, I did have to commend them for their punctuality
and efficiency. Though, as expected, not all of them were perfect.

A family of three approached the gate just as the doors were opened to
the common folk. To the left was the husband who still hadn’t quite
mastered maneuvering the wheelchair. His head was covered in three
patches of implanted hair, the flared-up chunks of scalp looking like
grafts.

Despite the visual effort he had put into spinning the wheels, it still
proved to be a great challenge to him. The exhaustion was wearing him
down, literally. Sweat and blood dripped down his swine-like, fatty
face, and when the condensation rolled too close to his eyes, He simply
wiped his hand across his brow, and smeared the mixture of liquids into
the already stained, crusty patch of red on his white sweater.

To the right was his wife, some pasty-white bitch with wavy blond hair,
and bowling ball tits cresting the cut of her dress. The Silicone
stuffed in her cheeks pressed against her stretched-back skin, looking
as if they would burst through the tension. Her nose had been thinned
down to the thickness of cardboard, and the tip had been yanked upwards
until it pointed towards the ceiling.

In between the mangled couple, with his hand raised up to his mother’s
was their kid. Maybe seven years old. He was weeping, and stumbling down
the terminal each time his mother yanked on his arm. Much like the
father, the kid’s head had been plucked and filled with thousands of
harsh, red, marks. His face was wrapped with bandages, only leaving his
running nose, tear seeping eyes, and gaping mouth out for display.

They pushed through the line, muttering “sorry,” and “excuse me,” with
each frowning person they passed. The adults proudly planted themselves
at the front of the line. Their child still screaming in a way that felt
justified, rather than entitled.

“Hello,” the woman spoke up, pushing a handful of passports, and tickets
into the workers face “we missed the advance boarding time for first
class…” the bastards waited for the gratification that didn’t come.

“I’m sorry miss, but since the advance boarding time passed, you’re
going to have to move to the back of the line.”

“What?” the woman gasped in entitlement, and her chode of a husband
followed with an angered grunt “Wha… But we paid good money for these,
for the advance-”

The worker – realizing that he was facing an unstoppable force – gave
in, rolling his eyes as he snatched the passports out of her hand.

The woman turned the microscopic frown that had cursed her perfectly
mutilated face, into the same, per-determined, domestically enslaved,
airhead grin. “Alright, come on honey,” she said and continued dragging
the bandage wrapped, and stitch headed child onto the airplane.

I’d forfeit all memories of them not long after they left my sight. The
dreadful pity still stuck to me though; A feeling like that was hard to
discard. Now that I’d swallowed it’s from, it had gained the strength to
grow hooks and sink itself into the lining of my stomach, weighing me
down enough to bow my spine, and slow my walk.

There was a congestion near the end of the loading dock. The three
bulb-heads stood right by the plane door and peeked into the cabin. I
stepped up to the doorway and wedged myself into the overcrowded
entrance, craning my head to catch a peek into the cabin.

The wheelchair was stuck, wedged between two chairs right by the
entrance. Both the wife and the flight attendant were standing at its
back, yanking and pushing, trying to free him over and over for minutes
on end. The growing, agitated crowd behind me made me turn anxious,
their groans and complaints felt personal, as if I was to blame for the
delay.

I thought to yell at the crowd to quit their whining when a second
flight attendant joined in on freeing the man. With the might of all
three, they finally yanked the oversized wheelchair out of the gap, and
freed me of the embarrassment.

Just after the man was liberated, I discovered that it had been
completely avoidable. Since he had refused the flight attendants
instructions, he had taken the incorrect turn towards economy, and ended
up wedged between the isles his wheelchair was not designed for.

With their mangled heads hung low, the family turned around and shuffled
towards the first-class seating.

I took the walk of shame to my economy seat. Being up front in line gave
me the privilege of avoiding another familial congestion. I had been
freed of waiting for a family of eight while they figured out their
seating, and sorted their bags; until the landing, at least.

Window seat. Ten hours. A crash upon take-off would’ve been the
preferable outcome.

The seat was stiff. It felt as if I’d planted my ass atop a stone slab,
the bumps of which dug into my rump. It was hot in there too. I looked
to the ceiling and only saw lights, no AC ducts. At least I’d have all
three seats to myself…

At least there would be a free seat in between me, and the pulsating
scalp of the man stuffing his bag into the overhead bin…

The two seats filled up before takeoff, and I was crammed into the
corner, hoping that ‘Jurassic Park’ playing on the monitor, would be a
good enough distraction.

All the bags had been shoved into the overhead, and all the passengers
had packed themselves into the seats just as the main cast descended
onto the island. An overly long animation interrupted the movie and went
into detail on how to behave during takeoff and emergencies. We had left
the ground just before the animation finished.

The only positive of the window seat was the wall beside me. I rested my
head against it, and hoped the distraction would be good enough to get
me though the ten, sleepless, cramped hours.

It did work. Actually, it worked surprisingly well, and I caught myself
drifting in and out of sleep. It was in the midst of this teetering
between sleep and consciousness when the man beside me bumped his knee
into mine. I glanced towards him, (my sight still hazy from the remnants
of sleep) just to make sure I was not the one in the fault. His distant
staring gaze said no.

I looked back to the credits rolling on Jurassic Park, had I really been
out for that long? Was I snoring? I didn’t bother to put on another
movie, just leaned my head back and tried to fall back into sleep.

A few seconds passed, and again, his leg swung into mine. A few more
seconds, and another bump, and I gave up on sleep, I’d had one
opportunity, and now – despite my best wishes – my body had fully
sobered up.

Opening my eyes, I began to see him swiping at his face in my
peripheral. I didn’t blame him, it was hot as fuck on that plane, hot
enough for the creases on my forehead to have turned to a constant
puddle of sweat.

I didn’t even notice our knees bumping the next time it happened. He was
reaching for the bag between his legs. After a second of rummaging, he
withdrew his hands and bumped his elbow into mine.

I’d forfeit caring about the constant movement at this point. He’d calm
himself soon enough. At least, I hoped he would.

It didn’t take him too long pierce my attempted tranquility. I had grown
accustomed to the still presence of his knee against mine, but the
shaking felt unbearable. His pants rustled against mine in quick, jagged
movements until the feeling turned disturbingly obnoxious. I’d have to
say something at one point or another, and I thought to do it sooner,
rather than later.

I turned to my right and felt shit crown my asshole like an eager
newborn. He was staring at me, eyes desperate, webbed with red and lubed
by tears. A blood-stained bath towel was wrapped around his head, and
more crimson leaked down his forehead, temples, and neck.

“Help!” He whispered, the words a near gurgle that escaped from a pit
deep down his esophagus.

“I… I don’t…” I stammered, baffled by the idea that I seemed to be the
best person for this task.

“Please!” he stared at me, dead-pan.

“I… I can’t I’m sorry.”

“It’s the pressure,” he said, and grabbed the towel with his right hand.
Raising the drenched piece of cloth off his head, strings of mucus-like
blood dripped back down to his gore lathered scalp.

Removing The last bit of cloth was a struggle for him. The blood must
have dried and glued it to his skull. He was repulsive to look at; the
bloated mass on top of him jiggled, rippled waves passing over its
surface with each tug. It was impressive how well the towel had stuck to
him. It seemed like it didn’t hurt much though, a mild positive among
the shitstorm.

“Can you pull this off? I really can’t get good leverage,” he asked.

Whatever would get him to shut up first was within my best interest. At
this point, I’d even let him rest his head on my shoulder, and let his
squishy skull dribble gooey red all over me if it meant that he would
finally fall asleep.

I took my seat-belt off, and got up on my left leg. My right knee bent,
digging into the seat.

The towel was sickening to hold; the fluids seemed to stain my hands.
I’d have to wash them after this. A part of me expected it to slide off
instantly, that the man was exaggerating how strongly the towel had
bonded with his scalp, but my first, half-hearted pull ended up being
unsuccessful.

I gripped the towel harder, felt Its fibers dig into my skin and tugged
hard. The scalp followed the end of the towel; at one point I thought
that I had lifted the man into the air.

“you’re going to have to pull really hard,” He commanded “Don’t worry
about hurting me, just get this thing off me!”

The wetness engulfed my hand as I wrapped the towel around it. Grunting,
I yanked it back, pushing my body weight away with my leg. There was a
huge release, one that came after a wet, tearing sound.

Following the release, I fell back, and for the first time in my life,
felt true fear. No matter what they could have told me, how secure they
could make the glass sound, or how many layers of it they stacked on top
of each other – to me – glass was still glass, and having been so close
to it, God knows how many miles above ground, triggered something deep
within me. My blood curdling scream echoed down the length of the cabin.
My head had slammed directly into the glass.

The man was screaming too, his mouth agape, hanging unnaturally low. The
tug of the towel had ripped a gash into his skull. It ran down the side
of his face, leaving a long, skinless ravine from the top of his head,
down to his neck, where the loose skin and the towel still hung. A
pulpy, yellow liquid gushed out of the wound, looking like watered-down
mashed potatoes.

He shook his head and spread his mouth further, putting his
bleached-white veneers on full display. It was surprising that no-one
had noticed a thing. Not a ‘Is everything alright?’ from a neighboring
seat, or a ‘Shut the fuck up’ from the other end of the cabin. Hell, I’d
be contempt with a flight attendant scolding either of us for screaming.

His screams sounded far more bizarre than mine though. They were broken
apart by sharp inhales, that he seemed to be trying to hold back. It
took me a moment to realize what it was, but it was pretty obvious. He
was holding back laughter. He was mocking me.

The man’s mouth continued to gape, and his teeth began to rattle back
and forth with a moist chatter. His bottom jaw dropped lower and lower,
the skin at its sides stretched with it until his cheeks were paper
thin, and nuzzling between his man tits.

“What the!?” The words escaped me, just mildly more defined than the
substance-less screams.

The rattling continued, aiding his teeth in protruding out of his gums.
The ceramic pillars elongated until they met each other at the mid-point
of his mouth.

“He…Help!” I started to scream and pushed my body flush with the wall.

He loved what he was doing, the laughing was undeniable now that he had
quit trying to mock me.

I looked to my sides, hoping to find some salvation there, either a
person willing to help me, or an empty seat to climb into.

To my right (behind my seat) was a woman, a dozen or so layers of
bandages wrapped around her head. She stared at me from the two cutout,
eye-holes, and began slowly unwrapping her head. I turned to my left;
the jellied heads of the three men had expanded too far for it to have
been humanly possible. Their scalps filled the row of seats, pressing
against each other. The fusing mass looked like a living waterbed that
had developed herpes.

I saw it above them, the button to call over the flight attendant, I
reached for it, stretching my arm.

The man was still laughing at me, his voice echoed, bouncing off the
porcelain wall that blocked off his mouth. A quick trail of straying
thought made me realize that I had not stopped screaming; it felt like I
would never be able to.

The elongated grin had widened. I tried to count the teeth, but they
were multiplying too fast. Just as I had counted a tooth, a jagged crack
appeared down its length. The gap between the haves widened and the
crack smoothed over until the two were independent teeth of their own.

I stared into his eyes for another moment and realized that I had to do
something. The flight attendants seemed like they would never come, the
bastards.

I leaned back, onto the glass (still as terrifying to do as it was the
first time) and tucked my right leg back to my body. With a pathetic,
high-pitched war cry I swung my leg open, and slammed my heel into the
man’s teeth.

It didn’t have quite the effect I wanted it to. My attack had left a
light, diagonal fissure running across what must have been at least
fifty of the teeth. I was not the only person unhappy with my work; The
man didn’t seem too happy with my actions either. His laughing stopped
in an instant, and his perked-up brow turned downwards, into a frown.

I kicked again while I had the time, harder this time. The fissure grew
into a proper crack, giving me hope for the next. I had been right; the
third kick was what did him in. The teeth I had struck crumbled into
chunky rubble and landed on his tongue. I quickly drew my foot back,
afraid that he would bite it off, or worse, lick it with his broad and
bloated tongue.

“My… my teef,” he yelled with a freshly developed lisp. His voice had
turned into a low-pitched moan since the last time he spoke “they’re…
repulthive.”

There wasn’t a single second spent on debating what came next. He turned
to face the seat in front of him, and began swinging his head back and
forth, slamming it into the not-so-soft head rests over and over again.

I looked to the woman again; the bandages were off. The place where her
face had been was a pit of red, as if her face had been cut off and the
insides of her skull were scooped out. Parts of her remained though. All
connected by minimal tissue, her nose, eyes, lips, gums and tongue were
suspended within the red pit. She was grinning, ear to ear. The
suspended mouth stretched far, just an inch shy of touching the
remaining flabs of facial skin. She lunged at me, eyes crazed,
throat-less mouth releasing a witchy cackle. Thankfully for me, she
undershot, and thrust her weight into the back of my seat.

The man next to me was not far off from imitating the woman’s facial
pit. In fact, he was on a path to surpass her, with a gory tunnel
passing all the way though his head. Each swing of the nearly hollowed,
gargantuan dome brought a moist crack of cartilage, and the clicky
trickle of blood.

The woman began reaching for me. Her skeletal arms waved over the head
rest, nearly clasping the collar of my shirt. I had no other choice; I
climbed over onto the row In-front of me.

Bile began to brim my throat as soon as I touched their blown-up heads.
The surface was course, like sandpaper, but it moved like an
underinflated water balloon. It shifted under my weight, each of my
movements causing the liquid swelling to squelch bellow me.

The sensation did not get any better when I started crawling towards the
isle. The skin compressed and wrinkled under my foot. I was only allowed
to inch myself along after I cough my foot on the scrotum like folds.

When I released, the surface reverted to its original state. The loose
skin jiggled back and forth making my body skate across the bile beneath
it. Since the skin had been stretched thin, I could feel the grain of
the infected pus brush past my flesh from the other side.

I took another batch of minuscule paces forward, and realized that it
was becoming harder to do so. My arms were bent at an uncomfortable
angle, my heels brushed up against the ceiling. Had I modified me
technique along the way? Maybe I grew tired and my movements became
sloppy. Or exhaustion itself was what had slowed me down.

No, it was not that at all.

The heads were still inflating.

I flailed harder, now with the time constraint biting at my ass. If I
didn’t cover the three feet fast enough, I was sure to be crushed under
the fresh haired, STD covered nut-sack under me.

So, I thrashed, I thrashed as hard as I cold, and pushed, and pushed
against the ever expanding water bed of filth. It became impossible to
keep my arms bent soon after, and I began to wave them as if I was
trying to swim.

The swimming simulation became more realistic when the skin stretched
too thin to hold in its contents. The yellow, watery, congealed, starchy
substance leaked out of the stretched-out pours, working like water to a
whetstone against the rough surface, and slowly drowning me in the
suffocating squeeze.

Each push had become an agonizing grate against the surface. My lungs
were compressed into paper thin plates, quickly pulsating, but
struggling to inhale much air.

I pushed all of my body, and the clothes peeled off my back.

I pushed and a scattered mess of colors danced across my vision.

I pushed and breathed in a mouthful of the sour bile.

I pushed and a layer of my skin was stripped from me.

I pushed and the bile was rubbed into my freshly formed wounds.

I pushed and everything spun around me.

I pushed and I fell.

Breathing deeply.

The stale airplane air felt so euphoric as it flooded inside me in bulk.
I opened my eyes; the colors still danced across my vision. It all
became so apparent to me. My nakedness, and the blanket of pain wrapped
around it.

Up on my feet, my lungs still struggled to catch up, my head was still
spinning. I had made it, not only past the first isle, but across
another set of seats, into the next isle over.

I had been mauled by the heads of the men. The implanted hairs had taken
layers of skin and left deep gashes within what was left. Beads of blood
sat scattered across my front.

My heart dropped to my ass.

I quickly grabbed my penis; my middle finger and thumb looped around the
bottom of the tip. It was wet with blood and infected bile. Their
swirling colors of yellow and red made it hard to see what had been done
to me.

I was already on my way to the bathroom, but now I picked up pace. The
rows were filled with more of the mutilated, but I did not dare to look.
My eyes were set on the bathroom, the rest was all a blur of bloated and
elongated, coiling reds and yellows.

Thankfully, the run had passed with no major incidents. I did step on a
mans stretched, flaccid nipple a few rows back (it had been laying on
the ground like a loose cable) but he didn’t seem to mind. He – in fact
– moaned in satisfaction.

I barged into the men’s stall and locked the door behind me. “wha… what
the fuck is happening?” I finally got a chance question the hell I had
been brought into.

I could wait it out in here; I thought and plopped my cock and balls
over the rim of the sink. The grime gave way to my freshly circumcised
cock. It was a damn shame; I’d loved that thing. Felt so punk with the
extra bit of skin around my dick. Each time I tugged on it felt like I
was fighting the norms that had been set in place by the church.

I hoped it would heal badly, at least I’d have the jagged, zig-zag like
topping at its end. Like a Mohawk. Maybe I could dye them green.

Before I had the time to shed a tear at the loss of my punk-cock, a
force slammed into me from behind. An elbow forced my face into the
mirror. In the reflection, I saw an alien. Great! As if a plane full of
the self-conscious and desperate-for-views influencers melting over one
another was not enough, now we have aliens on the plane! I was pissed.
Mentally just as over the storm of senseless bullshit as I was
physically. I needed answers, but as soon as I tried to ask one, five
more were thrown my way.

“Ugh… what the fuck are you?” I asked “Let go of me!” I screamed when
the alien forced my face harder into the mirror.

“Shh, they’re gonna’ hear,” it spoke “you’re not infected, are you?”

“Infected? No, I’m not,” I answered and it loosened the grip. “Are you?
Sure, as hell look like it!”

“No, I’m…I’m not.”

It finally let me go, and I turned towards it, finally getting a good
look at its frame. Its skin was greenish gray; it’s eyes fully black.
Thick bumps sat under its skin, bulging at its forehead like growing
horns. One more bump was at his chin, elongating it into a point.

It was naked too; Piercings covered its body. At least a hundred just on
its face. Some looped through the bridge of its nose, some through its
nostrils, and lips. Its nipples and belly button had not been left
untouched either, both of them were over-loaded with metal, seeming like
an impossible amount for the space they occupied.

Its penis was the most impressive; it made my now not-so-punk seeming
penis look like a nine-to-five, wage slave, suburbanite in comparison.
Metal hung from the intact length of the foreskin and pierced thought
the meat of its flaccid cock. Its balls were pinned in place, the skin
of the scrotum itself a mess of jingling metal.

“What are you?” I asked again.

It grinned, seeming proud of itself “what’s that supposed to mean?”

“Are you an alien?” in that moment I noticed that I seemed like an
oblivious child, asking the question in awe, or fear, or both at the
same time.

It burst out laughing for a while. Every time that I thought he would
stop, he looked up at me, and bent over, clutching his chest, laughing
once more.

“What?” I asked, baffled as to what was so funny. Then it hit me.

He was human. Covered in tattoos and implants and piercings, but still
human.

“Okay, I get it, real fucking funny!” I said “but… do you know what’s
going on? I mean what the fuck is happening out there, the guy next to
me… his face grew like twelve sizes and-”

“It’s the gas they huffed, it’s supposed to be some type of organic
anesthetic. The thing is that, it hasn’t been tested. All of them out
there, they’re all guinea pigs. My guess is that news of the side
effects came, and they were all re-routed to here. A death trap”

My mind was completely baffled by the idea. It sounded so far-fetched,
like a conspiracy theory; but it was hard to deny the evidence, I’d seen
it, smelt and tasted it, hell, I still felt the stinging pain they had
left me with. I only thought to ask the obvious out loud “And you
didn’t…?”

“No, I dropped the surgery right as I heard that they’d use it.”

“But… no, it; cant be, I didn’t get a surgery, I wasn’t set to get one…
there has to be another reason, maybe a virus, or… or.”

“Just the luck of the draw man. you’re one unlucky mother-fucker,” he
said the last sentence in a tone that was meant to make him sound
badass? The way he spoke, it sounded almost theatrical.

“Shit… well, any ideas on how to get out of here?”

“We’ll have to jump out of the door!”

“And how are we gonna’ survive that?” I asked, a hint of sarcasm in my
voice.

“See, that’s what I’ve been struggling with. Big ass flights like this
don’t hold parachutes, so that’s out of the question. I thought to break
into the cockpit and lower the plane, but that’s locked shut, no way to
get in there.”

“can’t we make some? Like steal some jackets, tie em’ together?” It was
a far shot form a rational plan, but it was the only thing that came to
mind.

He took in a breath between his teeth, hissing before speaking up again
“I don’t know, chances are that it won’t work; and getting the jackets
won’t be easy, but it’s worth a try,” he said, and pulled a fire
extinguisher off the toilet lid. The base of it was already covered in
blood and chunks of brain matter.

“Wait, already?” I asked when he reached for the door.

“What do you want to wait for?”

I couldn’t answer him, so he turned to the door again.

“Stick close to me, I’ll kill them if they get too close, you can grab
anything that’ll look useful.”

The noise flooded the tiny bathroom when he opened the door, Loud, low
pitched grunts and moans that echoed along the length of the plane. He
turned to the right, knees bent, and crept forward. I followed.

[Part 2]
