A lot of people will say magical girls aren’t real. Magical girls are
usually seen in anime’s, with their frilly outfits and cute powers.
Something so cute and pure could never exist in real life. 

No, something that cute couldn’t. 

I’ve tried astral protection, praying to fictional magical girls, and
different religions. Everything. I want to be cute, I want to be pure.
Just like them. 

Unfortunately I’m a 34 year old man. I’m overweight and work as a fast
food manager. My wish to become cute, I thought it was impossible. 

But I met one! 

When I finally gave up hope, I found her in the darkness of an
alleyway. 

I could only stare, she was covered in purple paste from some paper
mache beast. The sound of thick paste being cut is what made me look in
the first place.

She was glowing, not in a figurative sense. Her clothes were a palette
of pastel green and yellow, adorned with flowers and ruffles. Blonde
curls scatter with the force of her strikes, pounding the monster over
and over. I stepped closer without thinking, mesmerized by her heavy
breaths and grunts. 

When she snapped her head at the sound of my feet, I couldn’t even be
scared. Her eyes were like touching soft grass. She ran up to me,
immediately putting a sharp grass blade to my neck. “Who the hell are
you? How can you see me?”  Her voice didn’t match her looks. It felt
like sand paper grinding inside my head when she spoke. I could barely
get my words out.

“I-I don’t know! I didn’t mean to!” 

“Humans aren’t supposed to see us.” 

“Please stop talking!” I must’ve screamed with the way she flinched.
With a snap of her fingers, her blade wrapped around her, transforming
her cute dress into a hoodie and a pair of sweatpants. Her hair was
still blonde and curly, more untidy. She still had a scowl, and instead
of her blade it was a pocket knife against my neck. 

“You’re not a beast are you?” I shook my head. I told her my name and my
age, I babbled on until she took the knife away. 

“You’re human alright. A gross one too.” I didn’t mind her rudeness.

“So you’re a magical girl?” 

“Ovbisously,” 

“How can I be one too?” 

She burst out laughing at my question.

“You? Sorry, fat and ugly don’t fit the bill for a magical girl.”  

“Please! Please just tell me how- I’ve tried everything!” 

She stared at me for a while, it felt like hours passed until she
spoke. 

“You don’t want to be. You still have a purpose.” 

“I don’t. I’m useless. I’ve let half my life rot away.” She quickly
shushed me when I said that. 

“Don’t say that! No one- Not one person in this world is useless” She
looked me up and down. It was hard to speak in front of her, especially
when she suddenly turned solemn at my self-deprecation.

“Please, I don’t have a problem admitting I’m a useless human being. I
have nothing to offer this world, I just…want to have a meaning like
yours,”

She turned away from me, I saw her fists clench as she started walking. 

“You wanna bet your life on this? If you go and kill yourself there
might be a chance,” 

I took her advice as soon as I could, that night I found a tall enough
building that I could get roof access too. I waited a bit before I
jumped, when nothing happened I made the step off. 

As my body started plummeting, I came face to face with a crow.

“Say you want to be a magical girl and you’ll live,” 

I said the words, and my body started glowing just like hers. I felt the
concrete when my body landed. It was painful, just for a moment. I
crawled out of my own body like an egg, my bones cracking as I stood up
in my new body. 

I was a brand new person. A cute, magical girl dressed in a frilly skit
and thigh highs. My hair was wavy and my outfit was star themed. My
weapon looked like a star shaped baton. When I looked back to see my
corpse, it had already disappeared.

I was ecstatic. 

The city looked brighter as I saw the different beasts crawl around the
city. Some were simple slimy blobs. A dog type that could walk on their
hind legs made out of clay and paper. One looked like a stuffed animal
that glowed every time they pressed their belly. They all looked
miserable. 

And all their heads snapped to me when I took a step.

Battling monsters that night, I was the happiest I would be as a magical
girl. I slept like a baby. 

It was hard to care about the rain when I woke up the day after. I was
too giddy, I had planned after my shift to fight again.

Easy. 

Before my shift ended that day, I was pulled aside. I know now that the
flowery magical girl was named Harlow. She had pushed me into an alley,
her pocket knife still in hand. She was wearing the same sweatsuit. It
didn’t look like she took care of herself at all.

“Are you serious? Did you actually become one?” 

“Of course! Thank you, by the way,” She looked me up and down before
trying to feel up my pockets. 

“You have your weapon on you don’t you?” Of course, I left it at home.
That made her even more upset. Berating me for being so stupid. 

“How could you leave it!?! You can get attacked any second! We need to
go to your apartment now!” I wasn’t too keen on this idea, my apartment
was filled with certain….novelty items at the time. 

“Ew,” Was what she first said when she entered, looking around at all my
figures and posters. 

“You got beer?” Was the second thing she said. After she chugged the
first one, she sat next to one of my body pillows on the couch. 

She wanted to see my item first before I told her to explain herself.
Mine was a star shaped locket. 

“Keep that on you at all times, if you don’t you’ll get killed by
beasts,” There were a lot of monsters that night.

“They know you’re out to get them, even when you’re sleeping, they’ll
know,”

“I don’t mind,” She took another sip.

“Why did you want to become a magical girl in the first place?”

“Because women are evil, they see me as nothing but a piece of meat!
Magical girls are pure, kind, selfless! They’d never hurt anyone. If I
could be that, if I was that? That’s been my dream. And now that I am? I
can protect selflessly, men like me? They need someone on their side!” 

She burst out laughing.

“Are you serious!?” 

“Of course I am. All you…” At the time I paused, after all she did help
me. “Most females don’t spare a glance to guys like me.” The more I
talked the more she stopped laughing. The last time I spoke to my
co-workers about women, they didn’t make the same face she made. 

Her face, it was pity. I still dream about it, no one really looks at me
with pity anymore. 

“Well, I guess we all have our reasons.” 

I should’ve asked about hers. 

When she left, she gave me another warning about beasts, and she
suggested I quit my job. Apparently magical girls get a monthly salary
for the amount of beasts they kill.  

I didn’t quit until I got attacked while I was manning the grill. A
green toy soldier lunged for my throat, slamming me into one of the
fryers. The sensation should’ve hurt, but I transformed quickly and beat
the monster. I guess from my co workers perspective that the grill
exploded and I miraculously survived. 

It doesn’t matter now, and it didn’t matter then. I would’ve needed to
quit either way. 

I met a few magical girls over my first few weeks in passing, but the
only one who spoke with me was Harlow. 

“How are you feeling Bow?” 

Harlow gave me that nickname once she saw my magical girl form,
considering the bright blue bow in my hair that forced a cute
side-ponytail.

It’s more exhausting than I thought, and I didn’t mention that
transforming back into my original body had gotten more difficult. Not
that I cared at the time, it was less tiring to move in my girl form.

“Why’re you asking all of a sudden?” We were on a night patrol for
beasts, but I got most of them before she joined me in my walk. 

“Being a magical girl is hard,” 

“Not as hard as being an ugly man,” 

“Is it really?”

“I didn’t think being a magical girl could be so freeing…even if it’s
exhausting, I don’t have to worry about people staring at me. Judging
me.” 

“You think you’re the only one that exists in this world?” Her voice was
calm, given what I was saying. 

“No. You wouldn’t understand, you’re a female. Everything is handed to
you on a silver platter just because your cute,”

She scoffed at me, rolling her eyes. 

“Oh yes, Of course, my life is perfect, that’s why I killed myself,” The
statement made me pause. I thank the roar of the chainsaw that
interrupted the awful thing I was going to say in response.

Her posture straightened at the sound, putting a hand up to me to keep
me quiet. We never saw who was carrying the chainsaw, but it was
certainly another magical girl. 

“If you see a magical girl with a chainsaw, call me immediately.” 

And that night, I got Harlow’s phone number. I used to text her a lot of
anime memes she didn’t understand. 

It was the very next day, I saw a girl standing outside a rehab center.
I was in my magical girl form, so I wanted to get a closer look. 

She looked quite normal in my defense, not the frilly extravagant
outfits you usually see. It was a collared blouse with a tie and a
pleated skirt, it seemed like a uniform. Her hair was tied up in two
buns, a deep purple that matched her skirt. I almost screamed when her
head snapped to me. 

“Oh! You must be another magical girl,” She smiled at me, perfectly
white teeth flashing me. It was my first time talking to another girl
outside of work in years, other than Harlow.

“Hello. How are you today?” It was a reflex of small talk. 

“I’m on cloud nine,” she wouldn’t take her eyes off me. At first I
thought her eyes were just pitch black, but when I got closer, I saw the
faint purple outline on the pupil. She certainly wasn’t lying. 

“What’re you doing outside here?” 

“I just got done killing beasts, I’m just about to finish the job.” She
wouldn’t stop grinning when she spoke. The way she spoke already made me
suspicious and I held my wand tighter than I would’ve fighting a beast. 

I’ve watched every magical girl anime you can find, a few of them will
have a classic dark twist, so I expected I would also have a dark twist
when becoming this. 

“I didn’t notice any around here, where were they?”

She answered with a point toward the building we were standing in front
of. 

The rehab center’s doors were wide open, but you couldn’t see any people
walking around. 

“Thank goodness they’re all gone, huh?” She stepped closer to me, still
smiling. “Some of them ran away, would you mind helping me?” And then, I
heard her chainsaw roar in front of me. 

“It’s our job to kill all the use-“ The chainsaw was covered in purple
goo and dark red blood. 

Magical girls are only made of magic, they don’t bleed.

I held my star baton straight and shot her head off with my magic before
she could finish talking. That’s what you should do after all. When her
body fell, Harlow was standing behind her. She stared at the body for a
beat before looking up at me.

And then- 

A hot flash seared my face and my ear drums began to ring. 

“Too late,” Was all I could make out from her with the explosion from
the building, her face blank as she looked on at the rumble and smoke. I
didn’t turn to see the damage, I was too focused on Harlow and her lack
of a reaction. 

What does a normal person do when they see an entire rehab center
explode? What does a magical girl do? 

I wish I knew the answer.

My body chased after her, she could already tell what questions I had. 

“You did the right thing. When you hear that from a magical girl, don’t
hesitate to kill her,” 

Killing her was the right thing, that’s all I needed to hear. Even if
the place blew up, everyone in there was already dead. 

“She ended up going psycho, it happens sometimes,” She invited me out to
a local bar, to help ease my nerves. I only accepted at the prospect of
free beer, because killing her was the right thing. So that night, my
guilt wasn’t hanging over me. 

Technically, I saved future human beings from death! 

“Does it happen often?” She shook her head at my question. 

“No, maybe once a month, but if you don’t catch them fast enough…”

”An explosion will happen?” I interrupted her explanation, but instead
of continuing to speak, she pointed at the television playing the news. 

A 25 year old man has been arrested for setting all the stoves on in the
center and lighting a match. 

“If you kill a magical girl too late, all that negativity has to go
somewhere. So, they become the ideas, the motivation of man made
disasters.” 

Energy and magic, that’s what I’m made of now. Once we’re killed, our
bodies will turn into air. 

“Huh. Women sure have weak will,” I was always very smug about my mental
fortitude, at being able to handle the stress of being a magical girl.
Harlow made a sour face at that. 

“I hope you can keep yours.” She turned away from me when she said that,
her voice strained. She always kept her retorts short, and I could never
find myself being able to respond back. 

My ignorance was my life line at the time, and keeping that was the key
to survival. That’s how Harlow put it later. 

That night at the bar was the last time I was in my fat body. The last
time I glanced at myself in the mirror before turning back into a
magical girl.

At the time I traveled by subway and trolleys, I was saving up for a
nice car. It was inconvenient since a lot of beasts would be on the
subway in the morning or at night. It was the afternoon and I was going
to a seniors home, I needed to pay my mothers bill for the month.
There’d be a lot of teenagers getting out for school at that time and I
hated getting stared at. Transforming into a magical girl and changing
into a t-shirt made me visible by the human eye. It was wonderful
walking around with no one giving me dirty looks, a man even held open
the subway door for me. How could anyone complain about being a pretty
girl?

It would be then, when an old co-worker of mine would enter the
train-cart. Of course she wouldn’t recognize me. I never liked her when
we worked together, she was always talking back to the customers and
calling out last minute. She was dressed up that day, her hair was even
curled. 

I almost fell out of my seat when she went up to me. 

“Hi! I love your hair- where did you dye it?” She was smiling at me, she
almost looked nervous as she sat down next to me. Admiring my hair of
all things. It took me a few seconds to muster out my words.

“I dunno-“ When I saw her brows scrunch up I corrected myself. “I mean-
I did it myself, yeah,” I let out a forced laugh, fidgeting with my
hands. 

“Seriously? That’s so impressive! It’s so vivid, just box dye?” I found
it best to just nod and agree with her. She even asked for a picture of
it. I didn’t know she could be so friendly. 

”Sorry If I’m bothering you, I guess I’m just a bit scared today after
that explosion,” I tensed up when she mentioned it. 

“Yeah…Pretty crazy,” 

“I always used to ride with my old high school teacher, I hate being
alone on the subway,” 

“Er…How come she isn’t here today?” There’s a part of me that hates
myself for asking that. She grimaced when I asked, looking down at her
hands to pick at her nails.

“She…well, I haven’t seen her the past week. I tried to talk with her
family but they don’t know what happened either. I just hope she wasn’t
caught up in that explosion,” I had to lean in closer to hear her. I
only nodded back at her, and waved goodbye to her with a shaky hand when
she got off the train. 

Next to the senior center I was walking to, was a high school. Next to
the gate was a shrine covered with purple flowers, and a photo of an
older woman with a lazy eye.

Her face was the spitting image of the chainsaw magical girl I killed. 

I couldn’t handle dealing with my mother that day, I simply paid the
bill and left.

It was an eye-opener I had coming for a while now. I used to make up
narratives in my head about women I passed by on the street and
interacted with. They all had it easier than me, they had all the
sympathy and empathy I could never receive just because of my looks. So,
killing her was easy. She was a pretty girl who had it easy, who went
crazy and murdered a building full of people. She got what was coming

But no, she was a 30 year old teacher with a lazy eye, who was last seen
at her school. 

“Did you know her?” That same day, I asked Harlow about her, and she
noticed my shoulders were heavier. We were walking together at night
again, killing beasts. 

Killing things. 

“Know who?” 

“The….chainsaw girl,” She didn’t respond at first. Our steps and the
occasional sound of weapons slicing beasts were the only noise that
acted as my answer. 

“Anything I say will make you feel worse,” 

“What?”

”I’m not going to answer your question, I mean,” 

So no matter how much I asked her, she wouldn’t tell me a thing about
the chainsaw girl. For my sake, my sanity. 

My guilt. 

But there’s only so long someone can keep their ignorance. 

I couldn’t help myself, it’s like she was following me. Those blown out
pupils wouldn’t leave me alone. So I went back to the shrine outside the
high school she taught at.  

The flowers crowded her portrait, along with small trinkets and pictures
with other students. It made me sick to see so much purple, it must’ve
been her favorite color. 

And of course, another magical girl was there, setting her own bouquet
of purple flowers near the fence. Her outfit wasn’t colorful, but her
hair was made of fire. She noticed me first. 

“Oh, I can already tell you’re a new one,” her voice high with
arrogance.

”Excuse me?” I looked to her eyes first, the terrible sense of Deja vu I
got made me shaky. But they were normal, her eyes were brown. 

“You just recently became a magical girl didn’t you?” She had no issue
getting in my personal space. The fire from her hair blew smoke towards
me, making me cough. The sight only made her snicker. 

“Yes…I did,” I covered my mouth with my hand to shield myself from the
smoke. 

“Coughing is a tell-tale sign, did you know Avery?” 

“Coughing?” I tried to dodge the question.

“We don’t have lungs,” Her eyes trailed down to my stomach, her stare
made me uncomfortable. “That’s beside the point, you knew Avery did you
not?” She pressured me further, the smoke got thicker the more she
hounded me for answers about her. Looking back now I’m sure she already
knew my answer.

“I…met her in passing…”   

“Oh? Do you know who killed her then?”

I shook my head, but she didn’t give, and she kept following me.
Chattering away about her friend Avery.

Avery was a kind woman who always helped other magical girls out.

She would always talk about how much she loved her students, would
bounce ideas  off of others to make sure her lessons were perfect. 

She always knew when someone was feeling sad, and knew exactly how to
cheer them up.

She’d buy you food if you were hungry, even if she herself was
starving. 

She loved to no end, a truly, endlessly kind person. 

“Of course, that’s all a lie,” 

My feet must’ve walked toward the rehab center on their own as the fiery
haired woman followed me. The center had its own shrines and flowers
coating the fence in memorial.

“H- huh?”

“You definitely killed her, look how guilty you look!” She only laughed
harder when I stumbled over my words. The smoke got thicker as I tried
to deny it, but I gave in and confessed to her that I did. 

“You shouldn’t feel too bad, she wasn’t a saint,” 

I felt relief for a moment. 

“I’m curious, though, why come visit her?” 

“I….just wanted to see. I want to know more about her,” 

She smiled at that.

“You want to feel more guilty than you already do?” 

The conversation kept poking at my sides, it hurt my head the more she
spoke. I just wanted to know who I murdered. But the way the fiery woman
described it, it wasn’t a murder, just a natural cycle. 

But truly, I still want to know about Avery. I want to know everything
about her. 

“Hm. Your friends with Harlow aren’t you? You’re both in the same city,
and she’s the friendly type,” 

“Friendly?”

“So you do know her,” 

“I mean- yes,” 

“Ah, no wonder you’re clueless, chasing stories about some dumb girl you
killed,” she hummed. 

“I am not clueless!” 

“Harlow, I used to be friends with her, she hated to spill the bad news
to girls like you,” 

I wanted to tell her I wasn’t a girl in the first place, but the woman
had a talent of stealing the words from my throat. Part of it was the
heavy smoke that kept making me cough.

”What bad news?” I assumed she was talking about going crazy as a
magical girl. She only laughed, her eyes drifting to something behind
me. 

She pointed at a older woman that was walking down the sidewalk.

“It’ll be more fun watching Harlow squirm when you go nuts,” She said it
more to herself than me. “Go and follow her if you want to know the
truth, oh, and please let Harlow know we met,” She grabbed one of my
hands with both of hers, her smile not leaving her face. 

“Please die quickly, I miss her clinging to me,” 

She really was disgusting. I didn’t know why Harlow hated her at the
time, but I already had my opinions then and there. Sometimes I
understand her, though. Wanting someone to cling to you, to want to be
near you. It makes me think how I would’ve ended up if I didn’t follow
that woman. 

That woman would end up to be Avery’s mother. I trailed her as she
walked into a print shop to print out more missing posters. I was in my
magical girl form, so I was able to hear everything, the way she spoke
about her daughter. The misery that creeped up at her every time someone
shook their heads at her. 

I learned that Avery still lived with her mother at 35. Her mother
thought she dropped her vices after she stopped her from slitting her
wrists a few months back, that it didn’t make any sense she’d run away
after recovering so well. That she was a good girl, that she should be
fine, but please keep an eye out. She would’ve told her, she wouldn’t
abandon her own mother. 

I’d follow her, all the way into the night. Even when it was midnight,
her mom didn’t go back home, no. She kept hanging poster after poster,
asking any tweaked out person out to see if they’ve seen her. 

“Excuse me miss,” 

It was Harlow of all people that came up to her, in her usual hoodie and
jeans. 

“Do you need some help? You look exhausted,” Harlow didn’t look at me as
she spoke to Avery’s mother, the thought of trying to comfort her didn’t
cross my mind. I couldn’t look away from the exchange as Harlow held her
wrinkled hands, listening to her speak about her daughter while the
words began to lynch my own neck. 

Could I have prevented her death? Tried to speak reason before I shot
her head off? 

“You’re working so hard, please remember to take care of yourself, I’m
sure your daughter would like that,” After she said goodbye was when she
finally looked at me, the look on her face falling as she furrowed her
brows.

“Are you stupid? Be honest with me,” She changed into her magical girl
form, her hair turning into perfect curls to contrast her anger. 

“What- it’s not my fault you won’t tell me anything about Avery, I had
to,”

“Are you trying to get yourself killed? I don’t get it! You’re just
making yourself feel worse about some random chick!” 

“I just want to know who I killed, you wouldn’t understand how much this
is eating at me,”

“Don’t you think you deserve to feel a bit guilty for once? I’ve barley
known you but the way you see the world is disgusting. It really is. Sit
in your guilt and let it eat you! Don’t try to make it more
comfortable.” 

She was right. I was trying to make myself feel better, trying to find a
hint of Avery’s wrongdoings so I could justify my actions.

I’ve always hated myself. Back then, I let myself get away with a lot of
things because I already hated myself. So I found it easier to blame
everyone else, it’s their fault I feel so awful. It was Harlow’s fault.

“Woah, you really are a bitch! You’re the one keeping secrets- you think
you’re better than me!?” I yelled back at her. She yelled right after,
but I don’t remember what she said. By then, I had spotted a woman in a
suit talking with Avery’s mother across the street. The woman had a
large burn mark on the side of her face, a nice suit, she looked well
off. Avery’s mother’s mouth was slightly agape, and her eyes were wide
open. The only thing the business woman did was smile and walk off. 

At that point Harlow followed my line of sight, when she turned around
she immediately yelled at me. 

“Close your eyes Bowie!” 

Avery’s mother looked directly at me. Tears fell from her eyes, and then
more tears from her other eyes.

More and more tears, from more and more eyes. Each eye that forced its
way through her skin came with more sobs until she was soaked. When she
stepped forward she toppled down, you could hear her skin, her muscles
stretch, the squeaking her voice made from so much pressure. Hands,
that’s what her body was stretching and creating from her back. 

And those hands were aimed right for me. 

I registered what was happening once one of the hands grasped my throat.
I summoned my baton, swatting the hand away with it. But when I tried to
use my powers, all that came from my wand was a few small sparks. 

“Harlow! Harlow!?” When I turned to Harlow screaming , she only grimaced
and held up a finger. 

“Give me one second alright!? Hold out!” She yelled back at me, and in
my confusion, she pulled out a beer from her hoodie. As I was trying to
bat the hands away with my baton, she was busy shotgunning the damn
thing. No matter how hard I tried to use my magic, it would only sputter
out. More hands grabbed my neck, my legs, every bit as more of the skin
stretched from each arm that spread from the beast. I shiver still when
I write this, the feeling never goes away. 

“Peaceful serenity!” Her shout pierced the hands, flooding my vision
with white Lilly’s sprouting around me and the beast. When I scrambled
back, I saw a glimpse of Avery’s mother again.

That was before Harlow sliced her head clean off with one of her grass
blades. Instead of blood, beasts usually spurt strange colored goo from
their wounds before melting into nothingness. Her head still looked
human when it rolled onto the pavement, hitting my foot. Harlow was
panting as she sheathed her blade onto her back. She bent down to grab
my wrist and pulled me up to my feet. She kicked the head away as it
melted into the road. I let her pull me along with her, even if she
didn’t tell me where she was pulling me. 

It ended up being her place. I was surprised her apartment was as filthy
as mine, beer cans and empty cigarette packets were scattered everywhere
on the floors. 

Even part of her ceiling was exposed, dry debris falling down if you
stepped too hard. 

How embarrassing is it to buy a rope from a store, knowing what you’re
going to do with it? 

Harlow didn’t bother changing back into her normal clothes. She just
gestured to her couch when she went to grab two beers. 

“Is…every beast human?” I took her beer with both hands. The coldness of
the can brought me back from inside my head, or maybe it was how casual
Harlow was.

“Yeah,” Harlow sat down next to me, close enough that our thighs
touched. 

“I figured out that when someone thinks they’re useless, truly useless,
they transform into a beast,” She continued on, explaining to me the
full truth about what I’ve turned into. She said that if a magical girl
is in despair, she cannot use her powers, only her weapon. No one knew
why that was, just that it was. Just like how our bodies were empty,
just like how if you fall too deep into despair you turn into the
madness behind disasters. Harlow joked that it might be a punishment for
trying to kill ourselves.  

“Why did you do this to me?” It was a stupid question to ask her, I
practically begged her at the time to tell me how to become a magical
girl. Instead of being offended, she turned away from me.

“You were turning into a beast, didn’t want to have to kill another
person.” 

She called herself selfish for it. Part of me still agrees, and the
other part understands.

She didn’t want to be alone anymore. 

If I hadn’t become a magical girl I would’ve been truly alone. 

So I’m a little glad I was a magical girl when I got the call from the
nursing home that my mother had choked herself with a cord. I waited an
hour before I texted Harlow. We had become a little closer that night
when she told me the truth, and I didn’t have anyone else to turn to. 

I didn’t cry in her arms or anything, she just walked with me to the
home, helped me sign the papers. I would pick her ashes up a few days
later. 

“You don’t seem too distraught,” Harlow had asked me when we were
walking back to my apartment. I explained to her my mom wasn’t a good
mother. She had me when she was 17, and the reason why my father left
her was because she had two other boyfriends at the time. Throughout my
childhood she always told me she was too good-looking to be tied down to
just one man. 

‘Please never grow up to be a man, Bowie.’ She’d often say that when she
was tipsy, or when we would go out together. When I started to hit
puberty, we would fight more often. Sometimes it’d turn physical, but
they were often mutual. I moved out when I turned 18. I got a call from
her landlord when I turned 30, saying she missed rent and she was acting
crazy. She had early onset dementia, and when I came to pick her up she
didn’t even recognize me.

For the last 4 years in that nursing home, I was wishing that she would
hurry up and die. You’d think I’d be happier to hear I wouldn’t have to
spend so much money a month anymore. 

I would’ve been, if our relationship had stayed that way.

That night I did patrol with Harlow. She had stopped asking questions
about my mother, and we went back to talking about mundane topics. That
was until we heard sobbing. 

A magical girl, her knees huddled to her chest as she sniffled. Her hair
was done in low pigtails, her dress frilly like most of the outfits
were. 

She had a nose bridge piercing just like my mother when she was younger.
When she heard our footsteps she scrambled to get up.

“Excuse me!? Do you know what’s going on!?” Her voice, her face, I
already knew who she was. Harlow answered before I could, quickly
running to my mother to hold her arms to keep her steady.

“It’s alright! You’re alive- take a deep breath please,” Her tears were
familiar, it wasn’t my first time seeing my mom break down. She did it a
lot. I didn’t even think. 

“Ma, you’re stuck in your head, it’s okay,” My mouth moved on its own,
and Harlow let go so I could step in. I took my mothers hands and stared
down at her. Her hands lost their pronounced veins. No more sun spots,
no more scars from picking her skin too much. 

“Have you seen my son? I don’t care what I look like but I’m a mother! I
need to see him!” Of course she didn’t recognize me in my own form. I
was surprised she even remembered she had one. 

I wanted to transform back into myself, so I could tell her it was me. 

But I couldn’t remember what I looked like. I still don’t. 

“What does he look like?” I spoke quietly, rubbing my thumbs over her
knuckles as she sniffled. 

“He’s a good boy! He’s a little chubby- a beard, shaggy brown hair? Does
that sound familiar?”

“I’m sorry. I haven’t seen him.” My voice didn’t even sound like a
man’s. I never realized that now my voice sounds just like my mothers.
She sucked in a quick breath as she cried harder, ducking her head down
and whimpering. 

“What have I done….my poor baby…” 

“I can pass a message? If I see him,” 

“Please tell him I love him.” 

My mother took me to an amusement park once. One of her boyfriends gave
her two tickets, and she dumped him right after so it could just be me
and her. We had matching T-shirts and hats. When I got too tired in line
she picked me up, we played thumb wars and rhyming games. At the end of
the day we got fast food, and she didn’t yell at me once. 

But I never really thought she loved me. She sometimes said she did, and
when I was younger I believed her. But the things she did hurt more and
more as I got older. She locked herself in the bathroom to hide from me
when she didn’t want to play or deal with me. When she was mad at me she
wouldn’t make me food, or sometimes she’d simply forget. She’d whine
when she couldn’t do the things she wanted too because of her child. 

“You…love him.” The words felt funny in my mouth. She scrunched her
brows at me, her piercing shifting.

“What mother doesn’t love her child?” 

“Maybe a bad one,” She took her hands away from mine. She looked me up
and down with that disappointed look. 

“Even the bad ones love their kids.” Her voice was stuffed inside in her
throat, snot being pulled back up in her nose when she inhaled. “My son
hates me. And that’s okay. I hated him before. So it’s only fair- I just
need him to know. I need him to know why I killed myself.” 

The nursing home wasn’t that expensive. Yeah, I had to sacrifice buying
things I liked, but it was my duty as her child. I didn’t have it in me
to leave her all alone. Even if everytime I visited her she’d berate me,
call me ugly. 

“I know…your son loves you. A lot,” I reached out to hug her, and she
quickly wrapped her arms around my waist. I felt her tears on the skin
of my chest. It was sticky, and the position was awkward. But I started
to cry along with her. 

“I’m…so happy, that he’ll know….Like I’m on cloud nine,” 

Harlow was the one that had to kill her. I know I’ve written in detail
so far, but honestly I can barely remember what happened after she said
that. All I really know is that I had to let go of her. 

My beautiful mother.

I’m not upset with Harlow, she had to. I’m glad my mom didn’t become a
man-made disaster. I still patrol with Harlow every day, we still chat,
we even sleep over sometimes at each other’s flats. 

It doesn’t have to be lonely when you become a magical girl. 

The more I fight, the more I realize who alike I am to everyone around
me. Everyone is just as miserable as I used to be, as I am. Whether
you’re a child, a doctor, a woman, a grandpa, they all feel useless from
time to time. Sometimes I’ll try to be kind, it’s hard to tell when
someone’s about to turn into a beast. But I still try, and sometimes
it’ll work. 

Sometimes it won’t.

Even if I’m not alone anymore, I know one day it’ll become too much, and
some other magical girl will have to kill me. 

So, please, never become a magical girl.
