I am a man of history, so don’t sing me false.  

And I do love where I live.  They say if it rains long enough here, the
blood of Revolutionary soldiers rises up from the muck.

Whether there is salt to that, I cannot tell you, but these are the
Yorktown Battlefields and it is where the final shots of that Great War
were waged, so there is endless fruit for those of us historically
inclined.

Now, there are the stories you read about in the history books, and then
there are the stories that just get passed around from one beatnik to
one redneck to one wisenheimer and on it goes growing in lore.

Those are the ones I normally shake sticks at and the Legend of the
Bridge on Crawford road is a fine example.

I still remember my Aunt Abernathy reciting it to me when I was…let’s
just say too young to hear it.

“That bridge run right along Clark Plantation, and that Mr. Clark was a
man of gumption, but he was also flawed in moral candor.  Whenever
someone disagreed with him, or disobeyed him or looked at him the least
bit crooked…he’d find them in a moment of weakness, or get’em liquored
up or what have you…and he’d string them by the neck from that bridge.
Slaves, townsfolk, British soldiers all found a noose from Crawford
Bridge…and now, if you drive down Crawford Road at night and you stop
under that bridge that connects them damned plantation, you gonna get
put right by the souls that linger…”

….

I filled up my Ford at the 7-Eleven last night when I saw them walk by…

“Thank you for your service!” I shouted at a couple of re-enactors from
Historic Yorktown.  It was around the time they normally get off and we
were close by, so I put two and two together.

One, who was an actual blonde beauty that I figured was probably a
butter-churner or mid-wife of some sort, stopped while the others
continued on.

She walked over to me, still dirty from the days work, but again a real
daisy if you do…

BUT she just stared at me strangely for a moment.  

I am not what one would call a ladies’ man, so I struggled to find words
to break the silence.

Suddenly she smiled…

“Would you take me for a frolic in yer machine?”

I blushed.  

“Unless you’re fishy?” She continued.

“Oh no…no…no ma’am. I ain’t been drinking’.  Happy to take you for a
ride about if that’s what you’re after?”

“Crackerjack”, she said through another smile that nearly knocked me
down.

Just like that we were in my truck and we were off.

She was quiet for the first bit, as I nervously explained how much I
love how her and her coworkers keep the history alive down in Historic
Yorktown…

UNTIL…

“STOP!” She shouted.

I slammed on the brakes, luckily on the back highway with very little
to-do.

She suddenly looked….I guess I would say glum.  She raised her hand and
pointed.

“Down there…”

She pointed right to CRAWFORD ROAD.

“There?  There ain’t nothing down…”

She grabbed my arm and was suddenly filled with a joy…

“DOWN THERE…”

So I did.

It’s about a mile from the start of that road to the bridge and I
nervously started to yap again…this time about the V6 engine underneath
my hood.  I’d say it was nerves — half being with this beauty, half a
little uneasy being on this dark light-less road of lore…even if I
believed it to be hooey.

Then I saw it…

Up ahead, just starting to come into sight was the bridge.  I think I
raised my volume a little just from the unease of seeing it.

“…AND THAT’S WHEN I REPLACED THE POWER STEERING BELT..” 

I happened to glance at the her…

A tear rolled down her face.

“Don’t linger…”

“What…”, I said….

WHEN….

My car shut off.

It coasted to a stop, directly underneath the bridge…Pitch dark, my
vehicle lifeless.  

The moon cast the smallest of lights through the trees.  I could just
see her silhouette, her heaving chest and the breath coming out of her
mouth.

“He said don’t linger…”

I could tell now she was crying…

“What..who?  We’re fine…seemed to have shorted switch of something
here…maybe I’ll just go pop the hood…”

“He cut my face up the first time I didn’t give him a boy…” She now
properly sobbed.

I kept trying to find some reason, but I was properly terrified,
“Ma’am…I…”

“He said one more chance, or he’d hang me from the bridge…”

WHEN…

The horrific sound of a man screaming ripped through the dark.

“I named her Bonnie…and he drowned her in the well the moment he saw
her…”

I spun, I looked all around in a panic from the screaming and from what
she was spouting…I kept trying to turn the truck back on even though it
was clearly all for naught.

She GRABBED my arm.

“HELP ME! HIDE ME! MR. CLARK WILL HANG ME TILL I’M GONE!”

Her face leaned into mine and it was finally lit by the moonlight.

Blood poured from the slashes all across her face.

Mr. Clark’s voice still echoing through the night.

I burst from my truck…

THEN LOOKED AT THE BRIDGE…

Bodies swayed from ropes…Thirty, maybe forty, all hung from the neck. 

There were men in military uniforms, slaves in slashed clothing and
women…

Whatever one might call a blood curdling holler, that is what I let
loose as I tore through the woods as fast as my feet could carry me. 

I ran…and ran…and ran and just as it seemed there was nothing else I
could hear, but my breath…I realized the sun was coming up.

I came to a stop and looked all around.  A few birds chirped and I heard
the sound of cars, which I followed to a highway.

A friendly man picked me up and took me to the police station.

I guarantee you that Officer Dickey and his blowhard partner are still
spitting out their beers, laughing about me and what I told them
happened.

It didn’t help that when we went back out to my truck there was no sign
of anything except a deserted vehicle and dead possum on the road.

Would you believe it, that truck started right up.

I went straight to Historic Yorktown to find out they’ve been closed for
the week, which did not help out my predicament. 

I am a man of history…

…

…but I will tell everyone who will listen — I beg of you, please do not
linger under the Bridge on Crawford Road.
