I’m writing this because I just don’t know what else I can do. I haven’t
told many people about what happened, and every time I try to piece it
together, it sounds ridiculous even to me. Even writing it now, part of
me feels stupid. I try to tell myself that maybe I was tired or possibly
imagining things. I don’t know, I just want some logical explanation for
everything that happened the other night.

I went for a walk a few days ago along a wooded path that led through
the park behind my apartment. It was around 10:30 PM at the time and
though it was late, I’ve taken the path hundreds of times and I knew
exactly where it led. It was about a ten minute walk forward and back;
about twenty minutes total if I kept a good pace.

My mind was clouded after a going down a rabbit hole of several missing
people near my city. I was always the type of person you’d find digging
through all sorts of conspiracy theories, cold cases, the minds behind
killers; often to the point i would just need a break. So you could bet
that I’d be up all day and night looking into something so close by.

The path had two benches about five minutes down and a few light post
were lined along the path. It was quiet, relaxing; I never brought
headphones with me to maintain full awareness but also to enjoy the
momentary absence in noise and presence. But suddenly, about two minutes
into my walk, I heard the crunching sound of gravel and dirt pick up as
a man wearing shorts and a hoodie came jogging by from around a slight
bend in the path. It wasn’t unusual to come across people getting some
light cardio in around this time or just a late night walk like myself.

I approached the first pair of benches. One on the left side of the
path, one on the right. I took the left and sat down for a moment. I
took out my phone and subconsciously began scrolling through threads of
people talking about weird local sightings and unnatural phenomenon
occurring; a bad habit of mine anytime my mind isn’t occupied with
something. I wasn’t really focused on anything at first, just dead
scrolling until I routinely snapped out of it.

The time read 10:37 PM as I continued to scroll. That’s when I heard
footsteps again. It sounded like another jogger but the footsteps slowly
came to a stop and from my peripherals, I could see person sit down. My
eyes slightly lifted towards the person and it was the same guy that
jogged past me about three minutes ago… or at least I think it was? He
wore shorts and a hoodie just like the other guy but perhaps it could’ve
been different. I’m not so sure anymore.

I continued back to my phone reading through various comments. But i
noticed that the man in front of me hadn’t moved since he sat down. He
just sat hunched over, hands on knees with his head down. Completely
motionless and almost absent from reality. I won’t lie and say that it
didn’t slightly cause some unease and force me to get up and continue on
my walk. I went to turn and take one last glance as I got a few feet but
when I did… the man was gone?

I turned back toward the path and continued to walk but up ahead another
bend in the path appeared. Now i haven’t been on the path in a couple of
days but like I said, i knew this path well and.. there was never a bend
there. Only two and the next one was further than I was and I know I
didn’t clear that much distance in just a minute.

When I came around, the path straightened out again but a singular bench
that hadn’t been there before was there now and it was at this point
that I genuinely began to question if i had been sleep deprived or
just.. I don’t know. Something. But the bench never disappeared. Even
when i approached it, touched it and continued walking it was still
there. It was real.

I believe i was about eight minutes into the walk when I checked my
phone again. What I saw when I pulled out my phone made me go from
thinking I was sleep deprived to just totally losing my mind. Opening my
phone, the time read 10:37 Pm. But how? It was 10:37 when i sat down?

That’s when the sound of a low, unnatural giggle came from down the
path; it was as if the sound of it had a subtle glitch and as I looked
up… the man in the same hoodie and the same shorts was sitting on a
bench with another across from it. Just like the pair I already passed.
And this time, he was staring directly at me.

You know that feeling when your mind reacts to something before you
realize it? Or when you are on the bridge of the fight or flight
feeling. I actually don’t know how to explain what I felt in that moment
but I knew that now something wasn’t right.

I approached the benches; not even considering on checking behind me. I
was too focused on figuring out just what the hell I was looking at. As
I got closer, I noticed something that made my stomach tighten. His
smile was already there. It wasn’t growing or forming from any other
expression. It was Just there.
The longer I looked at him, the more familiar he seemed. Not like
somebody I knew but more like somebody I’d forgotten. Who had already
been smiling for a very long time.

I couldn’t say anything. It felt like my throat tightened inside and my
body just… kept moving. But my head, my eyes, they stayed on him and his
on me. With that unnatural smile, a smile that had no change. No
emotion.

I was finally able to turn back ahead and pick up my pace. At this point
I had no plans in going back through but rather out the park and back
around the long way to my apartment. I looked back at my phone and
opened my steps app to see how much was tracked. Maybe the time was just
messed up and thankfully the app I used counted my steps even when I was
off the app.

However, When the app opened.. it read “0 steps.” I cursed under my
breath. I like to say at this point a sort of dread began to truly sink
into my core and that’s when the sound of a cry that sounded far too
deep came from behind me. Not a few feet away or a certain distance.

Right behind me.

I turned around so fast that I lost balance and my phone flung from my
hand landing somewhere off to the side. But I turned to nothing. After a
few seconds of just standing there looking stupid, I began to
desperately look for my phone when I started to hear footsteps again.
But this time, they weren’t running. I stopped and looked up from the
ground to see a woman. Tall, slim, with long black hair that touched her
waist. She carried an opened umbrella and that was already weird enough
because it was completely clear out. Though there were two things that
stood out more than all of that. She wasn’t walking forwards…

She was walking backwards.

Other than that, there was nothing off about her movements but rather
they were almost… too perfect. There was no misstep, no change in
direction or even a subtitle change in pace. As she got closer, and
walked passed, I turned back to look for my phone.

I finally found it and turned back to the path. I checked both ways to
see nothing. No woman, no benches and the most comforting, no signs of
that man. I checked my phone for the time again and it read 3:00 am. Now
I’m familiar with the whole ghost stories and hauntings of this hour so
it really made me put my situation into perspective and the next second
that followed, I was booking it down the path.

I didn’t stop running but I wasn’t pushing myself. I kept a manageable
pace while consistently looking over my shoulder. After several glances,
when I looked back in front of me my entire soul left my body. The man
from before was down the path and he was running straight for me… each
light post he passed, the light to it went out but all sounds—even the
sound of his steps were completely absent.

I stopped running and fell back. Shelling up into a ball and closing my
eyes; preparing myself for whatever the hell was about to happen. I sat
that way for what felt like minutes. Then suddenly, i heard a close
sound of a mourning dove. I uncovered my face and stoop up to see the
woman again. Back still turned towards me. But she wasn’t moving this
time. She was just standing there in place and the sound of the mourning
dove… was coming from her.

She continued making the noise until i finally decided to say something.
“Excuse me Ma’am?”

The sound cut out like flipping a switch. And a feeling of fear washed
over me as I tried to figure out what to say next and then, what felt
like an instant, the woman began walking towards me. Backwards but this
time, her movements were abnormally wrong. Like a puppet trying to walk
without strings.

I had enough at this point and began to run full speed back the way I
came. I didn’t care what I would see and I didn’t care about what it was
I was experiencing. I just wanted to get off this path. I ran faster
than I’ve had in years and this time I didn’t bother looking back. As I
continued to run, I kept seeing a green bike in the same spot, same side
every few minutes… I’ve already felt like I’ve been running for fifteen
when out of nowhere a curve up ahead came. And from around it… me.

At first all I noticed was the clothes, then the face and then the bike.
The same green bike I’d been passing over and over again. It or… “i”,
had a smile that I don’t know how to describe. It wasn’t wide or
unnatural. It was worse than that. It looked exactly like the smile I’d
make if somebody told me a joke, but the smile never met the eyes.

It caused me to slow down just a bit but I’ve already seen enough and so
I kept running and eventually, I made it back to behind my apartments. I
ran up to my back door, opened it and slammed it hard enough to wake my
neighbor but who cared at that point.

I quickly checked all locks in the house and even the windows, went up
to my room and shut the bedroom. I don’t own a firearm so I just sat
helpless in my bed hoping whatever was going on out there, wasn’t
happening in here. It felt like hours passed and I don’t even remember
falling asleep. The next thing I recall is sunlight coming through the
blinds and for a few minutes I just laid there staring at the ceiling,
trying to convince myself that the whole thing had been some kind of
panic attack or nightmare.

Too many conspiracy threads, too much caffeine. Anything. Eventually I
got out of bed and went downstairs and that’s when I noticed something.

The back door was unlocked.

I was sure I locked it when I got home but just moments before I began
to write this I realized something…

I had been in a panic last night, and I wasn’t exactly thinking
straight. The more I think about it, the clearer it becomes. I never
locked it at all.

I remember grabbing the handle, I remember throwing the door open and
slamming it behind me. But the one thing I remember now that I put more
thought into last night, I never actually locked it. Meaning the whole
night… someone could’ve entered.

I tried not to think about that, even now I don’t. I spent most of the
day distracting myself trying to write this up without sounding crazy or
like I’m making up some new story. It’s the only thing keeping my mind
occupied.

But, little things are started to happen.
Nothing major. Just things that feel… off.
A kitchen cabinet I never use will be left open, a dining room chair
will be pulled out from the table, sometimes my bathroom light is left
on. And I live completely alone. I know that’s what everyone says in
stories like this, but I genuinely live alone. I don’t tend to socialize
or converse with people much.

Yesterday around noon I started checking the locks every thirty minutes
and by two o’clock I was checking every room. I had convinced myself I
was just being paranoid. Then I went to make dinner. And that’s when I
noticed the first major sign. Something that I still can’t explain.

There was mud on the kitchen floor.

Not much, just a few dried footprints.
I followed them and they started at the back door, crossed the kitchen,
through the hallway and stopped outside my bedroom. Not inside, outside.
As if they just stopped and stood there.

I checked the size and… they were my footprints. Same shoe pattern, same
size.
I knew because I put my shoe over one of them and yeah, a perfect match.

I spent the next hour trying to come up with an explanation. Maybe I’d
tracked it in the night before. But there’s one problem. I’ve somehow
never really noticed them before hand and now that i do, I noticed
something else… the footprints only go one way

There aren’t any leading back out. And before anybody says it…

No.

I did not take a picture.

At least I don’t think I did.

Because when I checked my phone a few minutes before I began writing
this, I found something. It was a photo in my gallery taken at 3:17 am.
One I don’t remember taking. The image is dark and mostly black but
after turning the brightness up, I could make out my bedroom doorway.

The photo was taken from the hallway just outside my room, looking in.
And I was asleep in my bed. And in the corner of my room it almost looks
as if someone is standing there. Someone that looks familiar but no
matter how much I zoom I just can’t be sure.

So my question to everyone is this.

If I was asleep when the photo was taken, And I was alone in the house…

Who was standing in the hallway?

Who took this damn photo?

Please read this and tell me I’m wrong. Tell me there’s something
obvious I’m missing.

Because if there isn’t…

Then I think whatever I saw on that path last night didn’t stay there.
