Hi guys, I don’t know if this is the right place to post this, but here
goes…

I was up reading through some of your stories (fantastic by the way) and
it reminded me of mine that I still talk about, it’s not an insanely
long one, but I’ll describe it nonetheless.

About 4 months ago I was asleep and I had this dream of where I was
involved in a car crash. For the sake of anonymity I’ll be referring to
my housemate at the time by the name of “E”.

I remember in the dream, myself and E were in a car, a big Skoda. They
were driving us down a windy and bendy road (like the snake pass for
those also in the UK) and it all of a sudden became very foggy. E
couldn’t see themselves and the distance ahead and neither could I.

I remember use hitting a bank of grass or land or some sort to which led
us to roll in the car and finish in an upside down position.

Usually anyone who hit on impact in a dream would wake up by this point,
however I felt every single thing, every emotion, physical touch, sound,
you name it, I felt it.

I remember in the dream, just before we stopped, the car was sliding
across the gravel road on its roof and my window on the passenger side
was either open or smashed open, either way, my head was so close to the
ground as it was moving.

We stopped and I was still awake, I knew I was in a dream at this point,
I spend so long trying to undo my seatbelt for it to release me from the
upside down position, but it took a while. Once I finally released
myself and hit the floor, I could feel so much pain, I was totally
winded and gassed from the impact, and then after a couple of minutes of
being stuck in the dream, I woke up.

I didn’t sleep that night from how real it felt… it gets weirder.

About a month passes by and “E” texted me saying how she was going to
the hospital to see her mum, because she had been in a car accident
(she’s thankfully okay) that day.

She then sent me through the pictures of what passersby had taken. And
there it was, the same car, the same scenario, except this time, E’s mum
had bit a car that was illegally parked jn the hard shoulder.

The fact that it was the same car and same story and everything minus
one detail is absolutely crazy.

On another note, it reminds me, about 3 weeks ago, I was walking to work
just in Leeds city centre, and I was walking past a set of buildings.
Approx 11:30am

I had the harmless intrusive thought as I’m sure some people do, that I
looked up at the buildings that towered over me and thought “what what
would I do if someone threw themselves off of this building and hit the
ground” a bit dark I know but it’s where my mind wanders so that I’m
always prepared for the worst lol.

I got to work that day, and I opened instagram for the first time and at
7:30am that morning, that the exact building I was walking beneath or
across from, someone had jumped off and sadly chosen to take their own
life.

Thanks for reading guys, I would be so grateful to hear your thoughts!
