I’m reaching out to Reddit to voice my concerns about the witch in
Grenwich woods. I can’t find her anymore, and I’ve got a bone to pick
with her. I’ll start from the beginning. I guess that only makes sense.

My sister is beautiful. The kind of beauty that commands attention,
wanted or unwanted. The kind of beauty that makes jealousy and envy feel
more intense than rage. My sister, Colleen, could make a man die if she
asked him to.

“Cara!” Colleen shouted down from the top of the stairs. “Can you get me
some more of that lemony-lime lotion stuff that I got from the salon
when you go in to work? I let Tara borrow mine, and she won’t give it
back. She’s not answering my texts.”

I took a deep breath, grabbing my keys. “Do you have money to pay me
back?”

“Yeah!” she yelled.

My mom stopped me on my way out. “Try not to be home too late. Your
sister’s graduation party is tonight.”

I nodded and kissed her cheek. I left the house and made my way to the
salon downtown in Grenwich. And if you’ve ever been to Grenwich, you
know that the salon is the busiest shop on Mainstreet. Girls rush in and
out, fussing over the prices but still buying the shit anyway. I’ve
worked at the front desk, scheduling hair and nail appointments since
April. At this point, I think I’ve been poisoned by hairspray and bleach
fumes, but damn, I make great commission. And… I’ve admittedly started
to like the chemical smell. If it was a candle, I’d probably buy it.

When I walked through the door, my coworker, Cannon, was restocking the
lotion that my sister wanted.

“Toss me one,” I said, laying down my purse and keys. “My sister wants
some more of it.”

“You’ve got to stop buying stuff for your sister, Cara.”

I shrugged. “She’s my sister. I love her. She’ll pay me back.”

“And I’d love to have a full head of hair, but that doesn’t mean it’s
gonna happen,” he replied sarcastically, rubbing his gleaming bald head.

I smirked. “Just hand me the damn lotion. She’s upset because I think
her new friend Tara has caught on.”

“Caught on to what?” Cannon asked.

“Caught on to the fact that her boyfriend has the hots for my sister.”

“You don’t know that,” Cannon retorted.

“Yeah, I do. Tara and her boyfriend invited Colleen to the lake
yesterday, and my sister wore that barbie pink bikini with the gold
chains around her perfect little 25-inch waist. Tara and her boyfriend
will no longer be dating in about 2-3 business days. You watch.”

Cannon dramatically sighed. “Your sister is beautiful. Goddess level
with curves like a peach.”

He looked over at me, and I saw a wicked little thought twinkling behind
his eyes. I didn’t look like she did. At this point, I was used to it.

Colleen has tumbles of honey-colored hair, naturally wavy and silken.
She never wore braces like I had to, and she’s never had to diet or
exercise. Her activities include bronzing herself by the pool and
lathering herself in Goddess Gold, a fifty-dollar tanning lotion that
smells like vanilla and cashmere. I’m not like her in the slightest. I
hide from the sun and heat like a vampire. I’m a stick from the bottom
to the top, and if I wear shorts, my ass looks like two pancakes
fighting under a blanket. Flat, not curvy. Stick-like, not peachy. I’d
like to say that I’m not green with envy, but I am sometimes.

The doorbell rang as a customer entered the shop. I greeted her warmly,
smiling brightly with the teeth my parents paid good money to
straighten. She was a middle-aged woman with bright blue eyes, nearly
white. I didn’t recognize her, and I knew everyone in Grenwich. She wore
flowy clothing, and her hair was a cape of curls. She walked to the
counter. She smelled incredible, like herbs and spices, entwined with
fresh mint and clove.

“I need a new facial cream,” she said sweetly. “Can you help me find
one?”

Cannon responded first. “The facial creams are on the right wall. Let me
take—”

She stopped him before he could finish. “I want her to help me,” she
said, elegantly gesturing toward me. “She has beautiful, clear skin.
Don’t you think?”

Cannon’s cheeks burned red; usually, customers preferred his bubbly
personality. “She does,” he mumbled, pushing me toward her.

I gave him a frightened look because I didn’t sell the facial creams as
well as I did the lotions, perfumes, and hair products. My voice shook.
“Do you want scented or unscented?”

“Unscented… the more natural the better,” she whispered. Her voice was
low and soothing, gentle like a breeze.

We reached the wall, and I picked out a few of the facial creams that my
sister always used. “My sister likes these,” I chirped, trying to sound
more like Cannon. “This one she puts on in the morning. She says that it
firms the skin. This one hydrates, and she puts it on at night.”

The woman didn’t bother to look at the creams. She was looking at me,
studying me. I could feel her examining each curve of my cheeks and the
pull of my mouth. “You are a small little thing. A wisp in the wind.”

I clenched my teeth, scared to answer.

“I’ll be staying here for a few days while I recuperate. I just left a
very quaint rest home.” She scoffed. “I practically dug my way out.” She
grabbed the firming cream from my hand. “I’m going to pay for this, but
I want you to bring it by my house.”

“I don’t think we make deliveries, ma’am.”

But if I’d been wiser, I’d have noticed my boss, Linda, standing behind
me. Linda is a grade-A, bitch. I’d love to say that she embodied a
girl’s-girl mentality as the owner, but she was, in fact, not kind in
the slightest.

“Cara… you can certainly make a delivery in town when you get off
today,” Linda said behind me, placing her perfectly manicured hand on my
shoulder. “Cara would love to come by. Leave your address at the desk.”

I thought about arguing or telling her that I can’t be late for my
sister’s graduation party. But the words never made it out of my mouth.
It turns out I’m a shadow in the wake of a pretentious, egotistical
woman named Linda.

The woman smiled, and my body shivered in response. I swallowed hard,
feeling my chest tighten in anxiety. The smell of her filled my mind. I
couldn’t have looked away or run, even if I wanted to.

“I’ll see you later, Carrigan.”

I flinched. How did she know my full name? Everyone calls me Cara.

She left the shop after she paid, leaving her address on the counter,
but she turned around to look at me one more time. Her eyes… something
was wrong with her eyes. They were too bright, glowing in a way that
eyes might if something is not quite right. They say that some
sociopaths have shark eyes. Hers were similar, but something else lay
beneath. Something mercurial and strange.

The rest of the day went by quickly, and soon it was time to leave. We
swept the floors, emptied the trash, and washed out the sinks. The salon
would reopen tomorrow, and more customers would rush in to nab their
favorite products, have their hair cut, or have their nails polished.
And I would stand behind the counter like the dutiful little employee,
just trying to get my next paycheck.

“BYE CARA!” Cannon shouted as I walked out of the shop, holding the
scrap of paper on which the woman had written her address.

I walked to my car in annoyance, mumbling about unfairness and labor
laws, but there I was still going anyway. When I reached the place to
turn off the main road, I nearly turned around. It was a dirt road with
a broken mailbox. The trees curled toward the road, making a tunnel.
Their branches stretched down like claws, preparing to snatch an
unsuspecting passerby.

I looked over at the salon gift bag with the face cream tucked gently
inside by Linda. I took a deep breath, and I turned into the driveway.
It wasn’t a long driveway, but it was enough to keep the woman’s home
tucked safely in the woods and away from prying eyes. Once I saw her
small cottage, I sat in my car for a second, taking in the incredible
surroundings.

Her stone cottage was nestled within the woods, lovingly hugged by
willow trees and ancient oaks. The door was dark green, and her porch
and steps were stained a dark red. Lit lamps guided the pathway to her
door, and I couldn’t help but gaze in disbelief.

I stepped out of my car, unable to stop myself. A beautiful garden of
flowers grew before me: tulips, roses, bleeding hearts. Their aroma was
intoxicating, and the more I inhaled, the less frightened I felt. More
plants grew lusciously around the home, vibrant and colorful. Each was
as wild and stunning as the last. Fireflies danced in the coming night,
flitting from plant to plant. Ferns sprouted up from the ground like
fans, dipping and turning as the wind blew. I’d never seen something so
incredible and exotic.

The woman must’ve heard my car pull up because she stepped out of her
house, and a grin stretched across her face. “I wondered when you would
come by. Come in, dear.”

“I really need to just drop this off and leave. My sister’s graduation
party is tonight. It is really important to her.”

She raised her eyebrow. “Oh… well, that explains it.”

“Explain what?” I asked.

She laughed. “Explains you… You haven’t fully blossomed yet. Girls your
age usually have found something to entertain them.”

The breath caught in my throat. “I wouldn’t say that. I… I… I like to
read and write. I’m good at school.”

She shook her glossy curls and chuckled. “Why don’t you come inside? I
can help you. I can give you purpose.”

I looked back at my car, wondering if I should even go in. She seemed
harmless enough. Part of me itched to go through her front door, but a
little voice in the back of my mind was too loud to ignore. I pushed it
back, farther and farther. Her offer felt like an opportunity. What
could a woman like her want with someone like me, anyway? But she
ushered me inside before I could protest. I walked in like a rabbit
entering a fox’s den. I was caught.

The inside of the cottage smelled amazing. Something was cooking on her
stove, and it smelled so delectable that I might eat it with my bare
hands, allowing my flesh to melt in the pot.

Her home was hand-painted, bright, and unusually colorful. Her furniture
and decorations were a mix of ornate rugs, beaded lamps, and comfy plush
chairs. Vines traced up the walls, and crystals hung from each curtain.
Plants and flowers of every shade and variation rested on the floor in
gorgeous terracotta pots. It was comfy and homey. I felt like I was
being wooed and connived by the enchanting colors and smells. I sat
down, clutching the paper bag with the facial cream, and I watched as
the woman weaved through the kitchen.

She hummed to herself, and somehow it echoed around the room. I could
feel her voice thrumming through my ribs.

Something shiny on the floor caught my eye. I bent down, and I picked it
up. It was a single silver coin, and a tooth was carved into the metal.
I set it down on the table beside me, noticing how clean her home was.
There were no dust or crumbs, cat hair, dog hair, or even human hair.
People with long hair usually shed like a husky, so I was surprised. But
there, sitting on a bookcase behind me, I saw something I didn’t expect.
It was a jar full of teeth. Big teeth, small teeth, old teeth, capped
teeth.

Her voice broke my train of thought. “Carrigan,” she said, walking
closer to me. “I wonder… Do you know why I wanted you to come here?”

I shook my head. I hadn’t thought that far into it, but I was also
starting to feel woozy. Something in the air was making me float,
dulling my senses and clouding my mind.

She smirked. “I can help you, Carrigan. I specialize in helping the
unwanted, unappreciated, and unhappy. You are all those things, dear,
and I can make them see you.” She thumbed down my cheek, tracing over my
chin and jaw. “I can make you pretty to the teeth and bones.”

I stared at the woman, unsure whether I was afraid or shocked. I didn’t
feel like I was unappreciated. I didn’t feel like I was unhappy or
unwanted. I don’t think I need her services. She’s barking up the wrong
tree.

But something she said broke me from my trance, and I stood up. “I
really need to get going.” I offered her the bag, but she shook her
head.

“You take it. Think of it as a gift.”

“But I don’t need this.”

She laughed. “You’ll find that it is no longer what you think it is.”

My hands shook as I clutched the bag. I had no idea what she meant, but
I was also too scared to argue. She led me to the door and guided me
down the wooden steps.

“Come back, Carrigan,” she whispered, pulling her woven shawl around
her. “I’ll be here waiting.”

My skin crawled at the thought. Once I got into my car, I bee-lined back
to my house. I was already late, no thanks to Linda. I drove home in
silence. When I walked inside, I heard the sounds of clinking glasses
and laughter. My parents, some of their friends, and my sister were
drinking out of the fancy flute glasses that my mom reserved for special
occasions.

My mom walked out of the dining room. She was tipsy, giggling to herself
and barely able to focus on me. “Your sister got into her first choice
of college! Isn’t that exciting for her! She got the letter today!”

I smiled and ran into the kitchen to hug Colleen. “This is so exciting!”

Colleen jumped up and down with me, and then she let go of me. “Did you
get that lotion?”

I nodded and pulled it out of my purse. “It was 38 bucks.”

“Can I pay you later?” she asked, not even paying attention to the
price.

“Yeah, no big deal.” It came out of my paycheck, but whatever…

The party ended within the hour, and Colleen and I were left to clean
up. I walked to the kitchen table and began collecting the cards that
she’d received. I opened one, and a hundred-dollar bill fell out. Inside
it read: Enjoy college, Colleen! We are so proud of you. I grabbed
another, seeing the same variety of messages with money tucked inside. I
walked to Colleen and handed her the cards.

“Did you open these earlier?” I asked.

She nodded, putting a pair of flute glasses in the sink to soak.

“So, you’ve got the money to pay me back for that lotion?” I asked,
raising an eyebrow.

“But that money is for college. It isn’t for frivolous stuff like that
dinky lotion.”

“That dinky lotion was 38 dollars, Colleen.”

She shrugged. “It isn’t a big deal. Can’t you just return it?”

“No,” I said, cheeks burning red. “It is nonrefundable.”

My mom heard us beginning to argue, and she walked into the kitchen.
“What are you two fussing about?”

“Cara wants me to pay for this stupid lotion with my money for college!”
Colleen whined.

“No! I want her to pay me back for it! She asked me to get her some more
because Tara won’t give hers back!”

“Is that true?” my mom asked, looking toward my sister.

Colleen paused and huffed. “Yeah… Tara and her boyfriend broke up, and
she blames me. She won’t answer my texts to give back the lotion.” Tears
slipped down my sister’s cheeks. “She told me that she doesn’t want to
be my friend anymore.”

I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, whatever… and that’s why you wore your sexiest
bikini to the lake… Because you wanted to have a lifelong friend.
Bullshit. What did you expect to happen?”

My dad overheard and shook his head. “Cara… Go up to your room. That was
hateful.”

“She’s just trying to get out of paying me for the lotion!” I shouted.
“That came out of my paycheck!”

“Next time, you should manage your money better,” he replied curtly.

Tears gathered in the corners of my eyes, burning as I refused to let
them fall. I strode out of the kitchen and up the stairs to my room.
Then… only then could I cry. I flopped onto my bed, and I curled into a
little ball.

Unwanted. Unappreciated. Unhappy.

Such simple words to describe all the things swirling within me right
now. I took a deep breath and looked at the paper bag I’d thrown into my
room before joining the party. It lay on its side where I’d tossed it,
but instead of facial cream, I saw a tiny vial. It was a glittering
purple hue, and it glowed. I wiped the tears from my cheek and got up to
pick it up.

I had held that bag for the entire time I was inside that woman’s house.
I didn’t even know her name. And I’d seen the facial cream get put into
this bag. How did she change it?

I heard my sister walk up the stairs. And for one split second, I
thought she might come in and apologize. I was always the first to
apologize… always the first to do whatever she wanted. The more I sat on
my bed thinking, the more I realized the woman might know a lot more
about me than I anticipated.

My sister got to the top of the stairs, and I made a decision. If she
came to the door, I’d put down whatever this weird vial is. I’d forget
it.

But that was wishful thinking. Colleen strode past my door without a
second thought, walked into her room, and shut the door.

The woman’s words echoed through my mind. Unwanted. Unappreciated.
Unhappy. Maybe she was right. I untwisted the cap from the vial, and the
sweet scent of the flowers outside the woman’s home wafted into the
room. I took a deep breath, inhaling the delectable scent. I couldn’t
stop myself. The allure of the liquid within the vial was too delicious
to ignore. It was warm, inviting, eager to be tasted.

I took a sip and immediately regretted it. The sour taste was
overwhelmingly tart and bitter. But I forced myself to swallow it. I sat
still for a few seconds. Then, I felt a wave of nausea. My stomach
lurched, and I fell onto the floor. I vomited and peed myself, unable to
control the heaves that swelled through me. My heart began to pound, and
I reached for the door in fear. I needed help. I needed my mom.

My bones cracked. My fingers twisted. And blood dripped from my eyes. I
tried to scream, but nothing came out. I was silent; only a feeble groan
echoed from me. I stared at my arms. Bubbles were radiating up from my
bones, and my skin was peeling off, sloughing onto the floor in
gelatinous piles. The muscles beneath my skin writhed and contracted,
and a vague shining light glittered beneath my flesh. Blood clouded my
vision as my hair began to fall out. My teeth clacked onto the floor,
and I covered my mouth, crying out as I swallowed a few and coughed on
others.

My body felt like it was melting. Then a frigid cold seethed over me. My
heart rate began to slow, and I collapsed on the carpet. The pain was
excruciating, and I couldn’t catch my breath. I was dying. I was sure of
it. My chest radiated with pain. I tore open my shirt to see a flower
tearing through my breast tissue.

In horror, I began to pull at it, hoping to rip it out. I could feel the
vines growing within me, the roots curling around my organs. I was
dying, or maybe I was growing.

The woman’s words slipped through my fading consciousness, pretty to the
teeth and bones…

A sharp whistling pulsated through my mind, and I faded into darkness.

What had I done?

Horrifying, isn’t it? There is more to the story, but this is what I can
tell you now. I’ll update you again. I’m sorry. Oh, and let me know if
you hear from the witch in Grenwich. Hell, let me know if you even see
her.
