My mother used to always throw tea towels on the floor. Once they got
wet enough, or used enough, they were discarded, temporarily, until we
swept the house in a giant binge of cleaning. Tea towels, extra
eyeglasses, instruction manuals for all the different gadgets, all
churned up in the “cleaning tornado” as she dubbed our monthly tidy.
Bi-monthly. Every 4-6 monthly.

Whenever we had tidy time.

As we all got older, raising children lost that sheen of a new adventure
and so, gradually, it all lapsed as she returned to who she was instead
of playacting the her she wanted to be.

I never realized it was odd until my husband asked me about it. I had
just finished slicing some avocado and had washed the knife and then had
turned and he was there.

“For fuck’s sake!” I shout, pulling my arm back. “Knife path!”

We had already established these sorts of procedures quite early on in
our relationship. I dodge left, he dodges right, I tank, he supports,
and vice versa. Basic layout of how we work. I didn’t SWOT how we work
(Lie: I did, internally, before choosing him), but I considered it. He
should have said “Incoming!” like I had said “Knife!”

But he didn’t. Not that day.

—

“Why do you do that?” he repeated, laughing cute, light, him. I had lost
his first iteration in my panic. “The towels. On the floor.”

“I…”

There’s a long silence as I return to a memory I had forgotten, and then
a longer one as he processes the answer. We eventually laugh, but then
he remembered the knife arc and became scolding.

“You need to be more careful,” he reminded me.

I do. I am.

—-

I like the outside, the night, the darkness and the nothing - it’s
peaceful. I go out to smoke and then SMOKE and to enjoy nightbirds and
windchimes. Moving to Australia has been disorienting. The first time I
went country, I almost had a panic attack. I didn’t realize the birds
sang all night.

So stupid. Just a silly reaction to things being….different, I suppose.
But also weirdly the same? Perth feels like San Diego with kangaroos
(Eucalyptus was a robber baron economic attempt, that’s why California
is plagued with it and it every now and then erupts into fireballs - it
thrived, at first, but it wants hot, devastating fire not a more gentle,
regular burn like smooth manzanita and stalwart sequoia, so now it just
overreacts and scourges and just honestly escalates stuff entirely too
much. It doesn’t understand context clues well). There’s something quite
surreal about seeing everything I know, the landscapes all overlaid with
some other reality, a weird filter instead of a truly different place.

So I’m outside.

Alone.

I’m having a smoke, the yard is lit, but next door there is that
abandoned house.

A rustle. Then another. It feels like a man is crashing through the
bushes. Whatever is there has no concern for stealth. Another rush of
movement.

And then something dies there.

A bird, I think.

At first it’s a honking, normal yet annoying, and then it escalates.
Something has pounced. The honk becomes frantic becomes a wail becomes a
screech - within a two minute span, this creature (bird?) goes from “Oh
no” to “fucking stop” to “this is the end.”

The honks speed up, pleading, but what can I do? There’s a fence, a
giant fence, between us, and I just sit there, frozen, dumb and mute,
unable to think what to do. By now the claws have dug in. The cries
increase, sharper and louder and quicker and more and more and more
demanding, and part of me just wants to make it stop.

My hand shakes and my wine spills, red splash on the grey thigh of basic
yoga pants. “Salt, baking soda, I need to run a load of laundry tonight,
now,” a very distant part of me begins to lecture.

I hate this me, but as the honking climaxes and then slows into
something ragged, wheezing, dying, gone, I find myself calming.

—

When I tell him about it later, he reminded me that we lived near a
state park, a vast wide one, and animals being animals happened. It was
unfortunate, but that’s something I “need to get used to, living where
we are.”

“Sometimes nature is just weird and wild like that.”

A pause, then his wistful admission: “I wish I could have been there.”

Swiftly followed by: “I think you’re just being really anxious.”
