Picture it.

Place the image in your head and hold it there for as long as you can. 

A bulbous, maggot-like body, slick and sulfurous. 

A pair of slender, thorny vines jutting from its back; two tangles of
barbed wire positioned like wings.

And at its apex, a hand with ten fingers, radiating in a crescent above
an open palm, reaching towards you. 

Got it?

Thank you. 

Please continue, 

and know we appreciate your patronage. 

- - - - -

When America landed on the moon, normal people were celebrating. They
were popping champagne. Hugging their kids. Breaking out their special
fireworks, the dangerous ones hidden in the garage that burned white-hot
and really lit up the sky. 

I, on the other hand, was working a shift at Falling Leaves Behavioral
Health Hospital.

While Armstrong bounced along that final frontier, I was helping
administer electroconvulsive therapy to a young man with terminal
depression. I remember everything about him (they say you never forget
your first ECT). He had dull blue eyes, greasy blonde hair, and scars
all along the length of his left arm; they were deep and neatly
organized like tally marks. Sometimes I dream I’m trapped in the moment
where he began seizing, avoiding his vacant stare by focusing on his
homemade T-shirt, reading the words “Apollo 11: Portal to the
Stars” over and over again until I finally wake up. 

Hard to believe that was fifty-six years ago. 

Since then, I’ve seen it all. Every flavor of delusion, disorder, and
disturbance imaginable.  From Agorophobia all the way down
to Trichotillomania (the psychiatric textbook floating around the unit
doesn’t list any conditions that start with a letter lower on the
alphabet than “T”, though it’s old enough to have an entire chapter
dedicated to menstrual hysteria, so if my turn of phrase is invalidated
by a novel, Z-lettered diagnosis, I beg your pardon). In all that time,
you want to know what I’ve learned? 

When some people heard that mental illness was a disease, they took that
shit way too literally. 

Back in the 90s, I watched a mother refuse to embrace her crying
daughter because she was afraid of contracting bipolar disorder from her
tears. We swallowed our disgust and offered her “protection”. Gloves,
goggles, and a gown, basically a whole goddamned hazmat suit. Still, she
couldn’t even enter her kid’s room. The risk was unacceptably high. That
woman wasn’t a one-off, either. I have hundreds of stories just like
that. Recent ones, too. Some people still think you can catch psychosis
the same way you could catch COVID. Iliterate, backwater dipshits,
stoking the flames of discrimination just for the hell of it. Mental
illness isn’t an infection. Insanity isn’t catching. 

That’s what I used to think, anyway. As much as it terrifies me to admit
it, I’ve seen an exception to that rule. I’ve witnessed psychosis spread
like a virus. It started with a woman and her paper dolls. 

Out of respect for the deceased, let’s call her “Red”.  

Red was as normal as they come. Mid-thirties. Mother of two. Worked as a
mechanic at a mom-and-pop gas station at the edge of the city. No
history of psychiatric hospitalization, no criminal record, no drug use
(the woman didn’t even have aspirin in her purse). Nothing that would
put her at risk for a psychotic break. 

She clocked in at the gas station one morning, on time as usual, and
began working on her first repair. Per her boss, Red was completely
lucid, if not a little groggy, so he walked off to the break room to
brew a pot of coffee for both of them. When he returned to the garage,
not only was Red gone, but the car she was working on - a silver ’66
Chevy Corvette - was gone too. He did some frantic laps around the
parking lot, but the car wasn’t there, either. Red had seemingly driven
off with the antique vehicle. The boss sprinted back inside and phoned
the cops. After that, he pulled up the day’s repair itinerary to
determine who the expensive Corvette belonged to, dreading how they
would react to the news. He scanned the list - once, twice, three
times. 

There was no Corvette scheduled for repairs. Not that day, not the day
before, not anytime in the next month.

The boss has no clue where the car came from, and he was confident it
didn’t belong to Red. 

That’s when he really started to feel like something was wrong. 

The police arrived a short time later, and the boss pivoted his story.
Told them she was abducted (a bit of a leap if you ask me, but I suppose
it wasn’t completely out of left field, especially when they found Red’s
beat-up van still in its parking spot). The cops were skeptical. That
skepticism festered once they saw a picture of her. She dressed like a
punk, and I mean that literally: Dead Kennedys crop-top, leather choker
around her neck, and a crimson streak in her blonde undercut. A single
mother with no dad in the picture, working a decisively unladylike job,
and she disappeared looking like that? 

According to the cops, the explanation for her disappearance was drugs
until proven otherwise. 

Three days later, and there was still no sign of her. Red’s parents were
worried sick. After enough pestering, the police finally stopped
dragging their feet and put out an APB on that 66’ Corvette.

About an hour later, they got a call from the local TV station.

An intern had been searching through a cluttered storage closet, rifling
through a pile of spare cables, when his hand unexpectedly grazed damp
skin. He squinted in the dim light of the closet and discovered Red’s
bloodshot eyes gleaming back at him. No one knows why she broke in or
what she planning on doing there.

She resisted apprehension violently, clawing and biting at the police,
but she did so silently. Didn’t make so much as a peep on her ambulance
ride over to Falling Leaves Behavioral Health Hospital. The quiet
provided the situation an air of calm, but her face betrayed fury. A
clenched jaw. Eyes bulging. Veins throbbing down her temple, pushing
bursts of hot blood into her already flushed cheeks. 

I was on shift when she arrived.

It was a little after one in the morning. Up until that point, the night
had been peaceful, which is never a good omen. A relaxed shift is one
thing, but complete serenity is a harbinger; it’s a sign that the
universe is winding up a haymaker. After enough punches, you learn to
brace yourself before those cosmic knuckles collide with your skull and
snap your nose in half. 

I greeted the ambulance crew at the door.

Red was wheeled in. EMS was holding onto her gurney lightly and with the
tips of their fingers, like they were hesitant to put any part of
themselves close to Red, even though she was strapped down twenty ways
to Sunday. The other night-shift nurses and I took over. We pulled her
into the massive patient elevator and pressed “5”. I’ll admit, I rolled
my eyes at EMS when I saw their fear, assuming they were easily spooked
and green as hell. But in those silent three minutes up to the psychosis
unit, as my skin became slick with sweat and my heart began to pound, I
backpedaled on that judgment. 

Red was incredibly unnerving.

As the elevator creaked open, I was relieved to see the slim outline of
Dr. Balor in the unit’s pale light, waiting for us. She was the youngest
clinical director in the hospital’s history. In other words, she didn’t
need to work like a normal physician; she easily could have chosen to
hole up in some swanky high-rise office building and make seven figures
without so much as touching her stethoscope. That was never her, though.
She was a boots-on-ground, do-the-hard-shit-herself type. We respected
her for that. 

She paced over and began examining Red. 

“Did the emergency department take labs?” 

“No ma’am,” I replied. 

“Figures. Let’s pull a CBC, CMP, ethanol level, beta-HCG, and a urine
tox screen. Think we’ll need to catheterize for the urine?” She leaned
over the bed and flashed a pen light between her eyes. Red clacked her
teeth together like a snapping turtle. 

“Yeah. Can’t imagine she’s feeling generous with her fluids right now.” 

Dr. Balor nodded, and we got to work. 

The next few hours proceeded as usual. Took some elbow grease and a
surprisingly large amount of tranquilizer, but we transitioned Red into
a hospital gown. A blizzard of strange paper dolls fell from her clothes
in the process. They were overflowing from the pockets of her jeans.
Some were peeking out from under the soles of her sneakers. Hell, we
think she may have been holding a few in her mouth: she spat globs of
soggy, half-disintegrated paper at us while we drew her blood. 

Once she was settled, I picked one up and studied it. Reminded me of
those kindergarten arts-and-crafts projects kids would do right before
Thanksgiving; the one where they’d trace their hand on paper and the
shape they’d cut out was supposed to look like a turkey. But Red’s were
incredibly intricate. The artistry was borderline surgical. They
depicted some sort of pillbug with spikey wings and a ten-fingered human
hand sewn on top. Each finger was as narrow as a toothpick; they wavered
in the unit’s air conditioning like dandelions in a gentle breeze. I
wondered how the hell anyonecould even cut that precisely. 

I threw them all in the trash and clocked out for the night. 

After a few hours of dreamless sleep, I returned to Falling Leaves for
another shift. 

There hadn’t been much movement in Red’s case. She was still cryptically
mute and savagely aggressive. Her blood work had finished cooking. All
her organs appeared to be functioning well. The tox screen was normal.
There was only one abnormality: her beta-HCG was elevated. 

Red was pregnant. 

I tried not to think about it. Halfway through my shift, I was focused
on some charting when I heard a soft rattling growing louder behind me.
I sighed, aware of who was approaching. Jay was a new hire, fresh out of
nursing school. The perpetually half-empty adderall bottle he kept in
his scrubs pocket made him into a human Macarena.

“Frank - you gotta check this out.” 

An oddly-shaped slip of paper drifted onto my knuckles. 

One of Red’s dolls. 

I ripped my hands off the keyboard and spun around. 

“What the hell, man?”

Jay stepped back and put his palms up. His loose manbun teetered like a
hairy antenna. 

“Uhh…I’m sorry. The unit’s been a little gloomy today. Just tryin’ to
brighten the mood, ya know?”

I glared at the kid. There was an irritating sincerity glinting in his
doopy eyes: a puppy excited to play fetch right after pissing on the
rug. I relented slightly, tensed shoulders creaking down a few notches.
I shook the doll at him. 

“Jay, why in God’s name would you dumpster dive for this abomination?” 

He cocked his head. 

“I didn’t dumpster dive for nothing: there’s a stack of these weird
fuckers in the nurse’s lounge.”

My heart turned to concrete and plummeted through my guts. I threw
myself upright, pushed past Jay,  stomped into the nurse’s lounge, and
there they were: a neat pile of paper idols looming on a small end table
next to the vending machine. They weren’t the ones I’d confiscated. They
weren’t crinkled, damaged, or soggy. 

These were new. 

I grabbed them, crumpled them into a ball, and threw them into my
backpack. When I got home that morning, I used them as kindling for my
chimney. I sipped whiskey by the fire until I passed out in my
recliner. 

Things seemed to settle from there. The days trudged by, and I didn’t
find any more of Red’s DIY totems lurking around the unit. Red herself
appeared to be on the mend as well. She hadn’t spoken yet, but her
features had softened (no more silent rage boiling under her skin). Her
pregnancy had ended in a miscarriage. It was sad, but given her bizarre
and persistent psychosis, maybe not the worst thing that could happen. 

Eventually, though, I started to experience this cold, creeping dread
whenever I was at work. I attempted to ignore the feeling, but it
expanded through my veins like a mold. A slow but interminable march. 

Then, it hit me. 

The unit was getting progressively quieter. 

Red’s enigmatic vow of silence was spreading. 

From there, I never let her out of my sight. Never saw her doing
anything nefarious, either. She’d sit on her bed and stare at the wall
from dusk till dawn, only blinking once every ten minutes or so.
Dr. Baylor had deemed her safe, so she was unrestrained. Although I
wanted to strap her down, there was no medically justifiable reason to
do so, even as the eerie quiet began to spread between units. 

I heard from one of my buddies on the fourth floor that their bipolar
patients had abruptly begun going silent. 

When I brought my concerns up to Dr. Baylor, she seemed thoroughly
nonplussed. 

“If being a poor conversationalist is a sign of psychological danger,
maybe you should be admitted, Frank.” 

No one else seemed bothered, either. Everyone I appealed to just
shrugged. 

So, one morning, I stayed late. Snuck into the floor’s security room
while the guard was on break, and watched Red from the monitor. 

And, finally, I caught her. 

After five minutes of complete inaction, she sprang up, walked into the
hallway, and entered another patient’s room. He was an older man with a
scraggly gray beard and the kind of parkinson’s that can result in
hallucinations. The cameras didn’t have audio, and the feed was grainy,
but I can tell the man was pleading with Red. He gestured for her to
leave. When she didn’t, he tried to stay away. Backed himself into a
corner, arms wrapped defensively around his head like she was about to
pummel his skull with a golf club. Red tore his arms away like it was
nothing and slapped her hand onto his face. 

The man went limp. She removed his hand; I think there were specks of
blood on her palm. I thought he was dead. But a second later, he surged
to life. His body writhed along the floor, violent like a seizure but
coordinated like a dance. His thrashing slowed. Red helped him up. 

This was it, I thought.

This was the proof. 

I was about to sprint to Dr. Baylor’s office when something occurred to
me. 

Nurses had been walking by the old man’s room the entire time, and they
did nothing to intervene. 

My vision swam. My lungs burned. 

Whatever Red was doing, they were in on it. 

I stumbled out of the security office. I lurched towards the elevator,
feigning normality. Jay caught the doors with his hand at the last
second and took the elevator down with me. He spouted off about sports
betting as the tired machine groaned from floor to the floor. I nodded
along, sweating as if I’d just run a 5K. 

Then, in a low, raspy whisper, he said:

“You okay, buddy?” 

The elevator doors wobbled open. I bolted into the hallway. I don’t know
for certain, but I swear he started reaching for my face as I left.  

I called Dr. Baylor multiple times that morning. After my ninth call
went to voicemail, I turned to the internet. Figured the paper dolls
were the linchpin to the whole, fucked-up mess. I googled “Maggot with
barbed wire wings and ten-fingered hand” but found nothing, so I
switched up the language. 

“Leech with thin, spiked appendages and ten-fingered hand.”

“Grub with long, serrated limbs and ten-fingered hand.”

Every attempt was the same. No results. All the while, the minutes were
ticking down to my next shift. I asked myself, was I really going to
return to that godforsaken place? Appropriately, my gut response was
something to the tune of “absolutely fucking not”. The more I considered
it, though, the more I felt like I needed to return. Whether I was going
to warn the unaffected or burn the place to the ground remained to be
seen. And as I drove down the interstate, the sun setting overhead, I
couldn’t help but wonder if I was returning for an altogether different
reason. 

Maybe Red was summoning me back. 

When I stepped into the lobby, an oppressive silence throttled me like
an avalanche. Nobody at the front desk. No one in the waiting area. The
parking lot was full, but the place seemed empty. 

I entered the elevator and pressed “2”. The carriage jolted, then began
to ascend. After a few seconds, the doors creaked open. 

The adolescent unit, our busiest ward, was vacant. The lights were on.
Coffee cups, coloring books, and half-eaten bags of chips littered every
surface. With an agonizing sluggishness, the doors pushed closed. I
didn’t bother to check the other units. 

I pressed “5”. 

I grit my teeth. Adrenaline exploded through my system. My pulse
accelerated. Spastic arteries slammed against the back of my eyes. 

The doors opened. 

I’ll never forget what I saw. 

They were all there. Every employee. Every patient. Every square inch of
the unit was occupied. They were motionless, facing away from the
elevator, elbow to elbow with each other. There was a massive heap of
paper dolls at the head of the crowd. Red was sitting at the top. Blood
gushed from the two stumps where her hands had been. Behind her, there
was a mural. An insectoid frame scribbled across the wall in blood.
Long, slender wings created from excised tendons, with sharp fragments
of white bone protruding like thorns. And at its apex, Red’s hands,
advancing from the wall like the image was about to come alive, sewn
together at her thumbs. 

No one was moving. 

No one was speaking. 

It felt like I was the only one breathing. 

My trembling finger pressed the “lobby” button. 

The doors began to close. 

Red’s jaw went slack. Her head shot backward. A deep, cavernous gurgling
emanated from her gaping mouth. Ten fingers began to rise from her
throat. 

Then, the doors shut. 

Slowly, I descended. 

Five. 

Four. 

Three. 

Two. 

One. 

I staggered out of the elevator, sprinted through the lobby, and pushed
through the front doors into the night. 

Someone lunged at me.

They wrapped their arms around my abdomen. I felt myself tipping over.
My car keys flew from my pocket and rolled across the asphalt. My body
thudded against the ground. Wind erupted from my diaphragm. I steadied
myself and looked up at my assailant. Dr. Baylor was straddling me,
pinning down my neck with one hand and stretching her palm towards my
face with the other. It nearly connected. Her skin smelled intensely
musty and sickly sweet, like a swarm of crickets coated in rotting pork.
I launched my elbow into her stomach. She sputtered. I bucked her off.
Reeling, I pushed myself upright and searched for my keys, wading
through savage waves of nausea and vertigo. Moonlight glinted off a
small shred of metal. I stepped over Dr. Baylor and grabbed the keys,
furiously clicking the lock button to identify my vehicle in the
darkness. The beep wasn’t right. I must have picked up her keys. I
flipped around. More people were spilling from the hospital. I turned
forward and lurched across the pavement until I found Dr. Baylor’s car.
I hopped into a silver ’66 Chevy Corvette, slammed on the accelerator,
and sped away…

So - is that a satisfying ending? 

Would you like to believe that I got away, even if my escape felt a
little too easy?

Alternatively, would you prefer to believe that I was captured by the
cult, and I was forced to witness their new God crawl from Red’s
esophagus? 

The truth of what transpired is somewhere in the middle of those two
endings, but the truth isn’t the point.

You know the phrase “a spoonful of sugar makes the medicine go down”?
That’s the point. The story is the sugar, and He is the medicine. 

How do you think He spread through Falling Leaves Behavioral Health
Hospital so quickly?

He is a creature of belief. 

Every time you think of Him, He becomes a little more real. 

Every time you imagine Him, He digs a little further inside you. 

Dr. Baylor found Red, His first vessel. But there will be more. More
hospitable wombs. More glorious rebirths (i’ve never been more horrified
and more elated). This story has no particular ending, because all that
matters if that you thought of Him.

You thought of Him many, many times.

So, do you see Him? 

Can you sense Him? 

Can you feel Him growing inside yourself? 

I know you can.

So, once again, thank you. 

We appreciate

your patronage. 
