​Pressing through the narrow slope, I slid down the tight throat of the
tunnel. I let out a gasp that filled my chest, scraping my torso against
the sharp teeth of the rock forcing me down. I squirmed desperately as
my face began to heat up from the harsh waves of hot air hitting my
cheeks and burning my eyes with the sharp smell of sulfur, ash, and
something acidic. My eyes began to well with tears, blinking away clumps
of sand I couldn’t wipe because my arms were pinned under my chin,
almost choking me.

​The song of my husband got louder and more high pitched, making me want
more than ever to go back, but every time I moved my hips back, my skin
caught on the sharp edges of the rock. Pressure squeezed at my stomach
to the point I felt bile crawl up, until finally, my head popped out. I
took in a loud gasp of cool, refreshing air so sharp and crisp I felt
the cool feeling of air at the back of my throat like a bucket of ice
water on my system and absolute silence. No singing.

​I was relieved, but now I had a new problem, my shoulders were stuck,
and I was upside down with just my neck sticking out like a mounted head
on a wall, staring into the pitch dark of the cave, listening to my
gasps bounce off the walls back into my ringing ears. But the rock felt
thin, like if I moved enough, I might be able to stick one arm out and
use my shoulder blade to push myself out.

​I began to move in agony, my back scraping against the roof of the cave
like a giant cheese grater pressing against it in an attempt to give
myself more room to get a finger or two through the gap by my neck. I
managed to press the pads of my fingers against the old, hardened clay,
and crumbles fell under me. I waited for a moment, listening to the
pebbles fall, trying to gauge how deep the floor was under me. I began
to count, but the rocks hit the ground fast, maybe six or seven feet
from the ground. I thought I could handle it if I protected my head on
the way down with my arm when I got out, and tried to curve my body so I
landed on my back instead of my neck.

​Feeling a little more reinvigorated, I pressed my fingertips against it
again while sweat rolled down my face, dripping from the tip of my nose.
I got a hand free and I craned my neck back, trying to reach forward,
and it scraped on the thin rocks painfully like broken glass until I had
an arm extended in front of me, almost in a swimming motion. I let out a
breath now that I had a little more room in the sharp pocket I was stuck
in, and braced to move my knees a tiny inch back so I could press one
shoulder in. My boots caught the stone behind me and I contorted my
shoulder forward in the rock and then I heard movement.

​Something else was in the cave with me. My eyes widened in terror and I
looked around frantically in the dark, freezing in this position.
Nothing should be down here it’s been closed off to the world for
thousands of years. Nothing should make a shift like that. Nothing that
big.

​I tried to keep my breath low, but it’s hard in this position when blood
is rushing to your head so fast it makes you sick to think about, like
sand in an hourglass. My time was numbered. I shivered when I felt the
hot, short bursts of air on my cheek, leaving the other side completely
cool. Something was sniffing at me with its mouth wide open, and I
closed my eyes so tight it hurt. Even though I couldn’t see, my fingers
felt numb from how long they stayed in the air like that, until then I
heard it drop. The sound of something skittered away on a thousand arms
and legs, leaping away.

​Even after it left, my body refused to move before I began quietly
sobbing to myself. I slowly moved one hip and then the other, and I was
halfway out of the hole until I was hanging out by my lower body. I
forced the other arm out and carefully cradled my head while I curved my
body towards the ceiling and squirmed again. I was so overwhelmed I
didn’t think about how sore my legs felt until finally, I fell down on
my back and I covered my mouth with my arm to suppress a yelp.

​I lay there panting while my chest shook from whatever just happened,
wiping at tears that fell down the corners of my eyes. I always cry too
much. I should be okay, but here I am crying again, my breath letting
out a small shudder when I forced myself to sit up, pressing my back
against the wall in this tomb in the dark. My hands fumbled in the dust
for my recorder and thank God it’s okay. The plastic is a little warped,
but it’s still running, and I pulled it to my mouth so close my lips
brushed the speakers.
