A few days ago, I went to my computer, clicked on my search engine, and
asked… “Why does my floor have one dark floorboard?” I had been doing
some home renovating and I got curious. Instead of finding anything
interesting it said it was due to the elements. But for some reason it
didn’t scratch the itch that I desired.

So then I asked “Can basements have floorboards on top of them?” And it
told me “Yes, floorboards can go over basements, but you must use the
right materials and moisture protection because concrete slabs are
porous and trap dampness.” Which explained the floorboard issue.

“What’s the difference between a basement and a cellar?” I proceeded to
ask. It told me that basements are partially underground whereas cellars
are completely underground.

Then, to solve my wood problem, I asked “Can cellars below ground effect
the floorboards above ground?” In which it gave me the same response as
the basement question.

Then I wondered if The Tell-Tale Heart was about the guy that put a dead
body in the floor boards. Was it really his guilt or would the police
just see a dark piece of wood, despite there being no basement, and
deduce that there’s a body under there?

Then, second guessing myself, I asked “Is it Tell-Tale Heart or Tattle
Tale Heart?” The search engine told me it was tell-tale.
And, just for the hell of it, I asked “What’s the difference between a
tell-tale and a tattle tale?” The search engine told me “A tattletale is
a person who reports someone’s minor misbehavior to an authority figure
to get them in trouble, while a tell-tale is a sign or clue that reveals
something hidden.” But if a person reports the hidden truth coming out,
why is it called a tale? And furthermore, why are these people called
rats?

So I searched “Rat slang word: origin.” Apparently it was called this
because rats would historically try to do anything to survive. And
because of their reputation living in dark, hidden spaces, spreading
disease, and acting sneakily, it makes them a natural symbol for
untrustworthy behavior. So I wondered if it would make more sense if
they were called rats because of their “tall tails.” Which adds another
tale idiom into the mix.

On the subject of tails, I looked up some more interesting animal facts.
Like how reindeer eyeballs turn blue in winter to help them see at lower
light levels, young goats pick up accents from each other, horses use
facial expressions to communicate with each other and African buffalo
do, in fact, understand and display a voting system in their herd.
Fascinating creatures the African buffalo! Apparently when a male wants
to let the rest of the herd know where it wants to travel, it will stand
up, look in one direction, and then lie back down. It’s amazing what
kind of things you can find out.

As I moved out of that website, though, I noticed another little website
called Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us. It was a short infomercial about how people
can call up and get a rabbit hole installed.
“Tired of packing things away and not having anymore room to contain
it?” An excitable announcer rhetorically asked. “Worried that everything
will come out eventually no matter how hard you cram it down? Well come
on down to Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us!”
The flashing lights and entertaining announcer was enough to keep me
from clicking out of such a bizarre concept.
“We create rabbit holes for you!” The announcer continued. “There are so
many uses for rabbit holes. Storage, living, recreation, capturing your
enemies.” I found this quite strange, I thought rabbit holes were only
homes for rabbits, as the word suggested.

So I asked, “Are rabbit holes legitimate?” And it said that rabbit holes
are legitimate but you have to be careful not to fall into one. So
naturally I asked “How do I prevent myself from falling down a rabbit
hole?” The first result was another video commercial so I clicked on it.
It was of a man walking in the park, then all of a sudden he disappeared
from the frame, then it badly transitioned to a poor match-cut shot of
him stuck down the hole. The only thing that was visible was his head
sticking out of it from the chest up. “Honey I’ve fallen down the rabbit
hole again.” Then I heard an announcer speak over the scene. The same
voice as the one advertising the rabbit holes.
“Tired of falling down rabbit holes made by yourself or your neighbors?
Losing your family due to frequent accidents?” It loudly asked. We then
cut to his wife leaning down and telling him “I can’t watch you live
like this, I’m taking the children.” I then heard the voiceover
continue, “Try Tin Foil!”
“Wow, Tin Foil. Why didn’t I think of that?” Said the man in the hole.
“Simply place the tin foil over the rabbit hole…” the announcer
explained, over an animated shot of the tin foil moving down over the
hole. “And that’s it! Using the patented technology of reflection, you
can see the rabbit holes coming a mile away! And if you do fall down a
rabbit hole, that’s no problem either! Because the tin foil will get so
hot that it will keep you warm overnight. And that’s not all! Because of
its deflection technology, you can say and do anything privately without
anyone signaling in and knowing what you’re up to. And because of its
stylish design you can even make it into clothing!”
It then cut to the same man in the hole, only now he’d evidently
fashioned the tin foil into a hat and could be seen wearing it.
“I used to worry about my enemies reading my thoughts when I’m asleep.”
He said into the camera. “But thanks to Tin Foil, now I don’t have to.”
“You don’t need a wife to tell you to be careful falling in…” the
announcer continued. “Or your friends calling you crazy, Tin Foil is the
only thing you need!”
“Tin Foil is the sanest thing I’ve ever done.” The man in the hole
exclaimed.
“So try Tin Foil today!”
Followed by a disclaimer on the screen and a voice quickly stating “Side
effects may include the very likelihood that you’ll fall into the rabbit
hole anyway. Tin Foil may cause long lasting psychological damage. Use
only as directed.” I turned off the ad. Rabbit holes? I don’t remember
hearing about people falling into any rabbit holes. I remember my wife
bringing them up here and there but I was never really listening.

So I looked up, “Rabbit Hole fatalities.” It came up with a website, a
log of unusual deaths. It’s an A-Z list sorted alphabetically by the
first letter of each death. Surprisingly “Rabbit Hole” was one of them.
100 years ago a man was walking down the street. He fell in and died. 20
years ago a vagrant was minding his own business took a shortcut to the
bridge and fell in. Died. John E Masseldorf, dead. Richard Allanson,
dead. But it wasn’t telling me how they died. The method. Lack of
oxygen? Blunt force trauma? Exhaustion? And how did it happen? Did they
take themselves out? I’ve always said that I can really tell a lot about
a person by knowing how they would off themselves. For me it would
definitely be a toaster in the bath, I’d even put bread in the toaster
before I do it for no extra charge. I figured if I’m going out, it would
be with a sense of humor. Not that I would actually do it. But every now
and then, the fleeting thought would pass me whenever I saw my wife
buttering the toast.
But whenever I see someone who did it on the news, they don’t specify
how, exactly, they did it. They never do. Am I a sick individual for
wanting to know that? Why report it at all if you’re not going to go
full Monty? And what was with these damn rabbit holes?

So I clicked back on to the search engine home page and typed in “Tin
Foil.” Nothing to rave about, invented in the 7th-5th century in China.
But an interesting thing came up. “Tin Foil Hat.” How did they know?
“Tin foil hats. People who wear them are often associated with paranoia,
distrust, erratic beliefs.” What are they trying to say? That the tin
foil hats don’t work? Are they a placebo?

So I typed in “Rabbit Hole… Tin Foil… Legitimate?” A couple of articles
on the pros and cons of the tin foil, but what followed was a very
interesting commercial.

It was of a man walking in the park. The same man as before, in the Tin
Foil ad, but now he’s in this one, working for the competition. The
world is short on informercial actors I suppose. What could only
describe as an almighty force was then stopping me from asking “actors
who frequently appear in informercials. Secret connection?”
The video continued with the multi credited informercial actor seeing a
rabbit hole with tin foil covering it.
“Oh god I’m blind!” Cried the unnamed man who, in the past 5 minutes has
not only spent most of his life in a rabbit hole, but has now been
blinded by tin foil reflecting off the sun.
“Tired of being blinded by rabbit holes and tin foil covering them?” The
same announcer from the ads before.
“Sick of the outside world ruining your day?” The announcer continued
while another scene showed a man being blinded and, in panic, fell into
the rabbit hole anyway.
“Not convinced that tin foil is going to protect you from rabbit holes?”
It then cut to a woman with her thumb down and blowing a raspberry. And,
now that I think about it, also appeared in one of the re enactment
scenes in the rabbit hole ad.
“Try! Conspira See!” The announcer exclaimed. It was an eye drop
preventative for, what I can only imagine to be, sudden blindness. The
logo stuck out to me. It was a picture of a single tear drop above an
eye, but the eye was also inside a triangle.
“Wow. Now that I’ve used Conspira See, I can see so much clearer.” The
man in the hole said.
“Now you can fall into as many Rabbit Holes as you want without getting
blinded. With Conspira See!” The announcer finished. Another disclaimer
on the bottom of the screen with the same quick voice as before.
“Use only as directed. Side effects may included permanent physical
damage and psychological collapse. Prolonged use for longer than a week
is not recommended.”

What an odd commercial, I thought as I clicked away. I didn’t understand
how I’d gotten this far. Conspira See? What a terrible idea for a
preventative solution. Even the name was… wait a minute. Of course. It
all made sense now. How could I have been so blind? This eye drop ad was
sending an encoded message. Now… I may have stopped taking my
antipsychotics a week ago but I was still sane enough to rationalize
that this wasn’t necessarily directly encoded to me. I’m not that
egotistical. But what if it was an encoded message to anyone that got a
rabbit hole? Or, furthermore, anyone that got stuck in rabbit holes? As
I kept searching it all started to come together. The recycling
infomercial actors, the rabbit holes, the tin foil, the Conspira See.
And that’s when it hit me. Conspira See sounds a lot like the word
“conspiracy”. Conspira See. Conspiracy?
My god, I thought. I’d done it. At first it seemed odd but why not? This
was a conspiracy by Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us.
And not only that… the rabbit hole people, the tin foil people and the
Conspira See people are all one and the same.
Think about it… They start the tin foil commercial out by assuming that
their customers had already fallen into rabbit holes. Why were they
advertising for that specific problem? Why didn’t they advertise tin
foil for anything else? Same happened with the eye drops. Advertising
these things for the highly improbable, yet oddly specific situation
where you would be blinded by the tin foil? It’s almost like they made
these ads as a direct response, or subconscious lateral move, to and for
each other. Like it’s all there. They were forcing people to create
their holes, trap them in there, then they would offer you a faulty
product like tin foil as a way of funnelling money to keep the
businesses afloat. Then, they would keep you trapped and helpless with
nothing but tin foil and a Conspira See.

I had to see if there was any credence to this so I searched “Rabbit
Hole controversies.” There was nothing. Nothing except a website for a
news article that said “Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us in deep. Hundreds of angry
customers accuse the infamous company of false advertising. Claims that
they were forced to dig their own holes.” Well a lot of good that did, I
thought. That didn’t prove anything… until I got curious. Dig their own
holes?

So I decided to go back to something simple. I went back to the animal
search, with that Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us ad link staring back at me. Then I
started over. Rabbits. I put in “Which countries had an overpopulation
of rabbits.” Believing that if I put holes on the end of it, it might
get confused and wonder if I’m talking about the products or the literal
holes dug by rabbits. It came up with a lot of places. China, (well
that’s where tin foil originated) Australia, (infamous for their
rabbit-proof fences) and some European countries. Nothing was solid
enough other than sheer coincidences and straw-grasping. There must’ve
been some kind of link to all this. Some small link to Europe that would
solidify. Then I thought about the claims that the rabbit hole customers
were forced to dig their own holes.

So I searched “Historical events where people had to dig their own
holes” I typed next. Nothing but the gold rush and a couple of wars.
Hang on.
War.
So I changed my search to “Historical events where people had to dig
their own graves.” A few European countries had a history of making
their prisoners dig their own graves during wars. So how did that
connect to Australia and China? And then it hit me in the face so hard I
nearly fell off my chair. Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us were working with Tin Foil
and Conspira See to make unknowing customers dig their own graves
(rabbit holes) causing them to fall in and keep them there until they
die, doing this as a form of population control. Overpopulation?
Population control during the wars? The overpopulation of China? And
what else was China overpopulated with? Rabbits. Another country?
Australia. Things were getting clearerer. And although Australia had
their rabbit-proof fences, maybe the rabbit hole people found this
method barbaric, so they opted for a more humane approach. By leading
them down rabbit holes. This is why in the commercials, they more or
less implied that the customers had to either lead single lonely lives
or cut off everything and everyone they held dear.
I know it sounds sounds crazy. I know it sounds like a conspiracy
theory. And I even had my doubts when I immediately asked something else
in the search engine.

“Am I a conspiracy theorist?” I began to type in. My wife used to call
me that and I hated it so much. But she is no longer with us.
But before I hit send I thought about it for a second. I didn’t want
anyone who was monitoring my search history to come acorss that
question. They’d lock me away for sure. So I went for something more
subtle.

I asked, “What are the signs of a conspiracy theorist?” A few classic
buzzwords came up like paranoid, unable to accept reality, dangerous.
But I ignored it because I didn’t think any of those adjectives applied
to me.
I was about to ask “Are conspiracies real?” being ever-careful to not
tip off any federal agents who may mark me down as “concerning” but then
I stopped. And I thought… if the government can do that then why
couldn’t the rabbit hole people do that? What if they had monitored my
searches in the past? I’d be the first to admit I’d looked up some
conspiracies before, so maybe they saw that and targeted my ads. But
that would mean… no. No chance. If they had my search history then it’s
very possible that they could’ve had my IP address, which meant that if
they had then they had my home address. And if they had that then they
were the ones monitoring and maybe even controlling what I was looking
up! They wanted me to get stuck in my own rabbit hole!

They wanted me to get stuck in the rabbit hole by luring me into it
using tin foil and Conspira See, eventually causing me to die. One less
person in the population. Rinse and repeat. I found this because I was
looking up animal facts, I looked up animal facts because I wanted to
know why rats were dishonest, and I only looked up that because I wanted
to know the difference between tale and tail. I wanted to know that
because I was thinking of that Edgar Allen Poe story, and I did that
because of the dark piece of wood that’s directly over my basement.
Oh my god.
They were there since the beginning… It all made perfect sense now.
Since the dark piece of wood, everything was connected! They obviously
saw my internet history for a while and tracked where I lived. And when
the time was right they broke in, replaced my floorboard with an
intentionally dark one as a sort of sick subliminal hint as to where
this rabbit hole should go, causing me to go on the internet, ask why
this was the case, leading me from one query to another. Every detour,
every tangent, was specifically curated, tailor-made if you will, for
one purpose that would eventually culminate in me getting stuck down a
rabbit hole that I couldn’t get out of!
They were probably watching me as I was figuring this out.
Waiting… contemplating my next move. And if I tried to resist, they
would force me down the rabbit hole. To get rid of me, to push me
further and further away from the truth.
If I could see my wife now, I’d tell her that this wasn’t all for
nothing. That my theories were valid, that everything I found out was
currently happening and I was truly and completely powerless to get out
of it.

And then I thought, “Well that’s enough internet for me today.” And
stepped away from my computer. And then I began to unravel this rabbit
hole theory, dissected the flaws and ultimately decided that I couldn’t
let this exist in my life. Of course there was no Rabbit Holes ‘R’ Us!
That would be crazy… and I’m not crazy.
I’m not crazy.
So I let it go and buried it. I then stepped outside and embraced the
glorious rays of the sun, something I hadn’t seen in the last day or so
due to my journey. I walked over to my lawn and quite literally touched
the grass. I’ve heard that’s what you’re supposed to do when you find
yourself spending too much time online. It was soothing. I felt great. I
felt free.

Then, two days later. I went back on my computer, clicked on the search
engine, and asked… “How do I get rid of the smell of rotting flesh
coming from my basement?”
