It was almost morning I was tired and Stiff and unrested from all the
weirdness but I had to go to city Chandigarh to the hospital for a very
special diagnostic test.

I went to take appointment for a test on the same day 1 year ago and I
was bit shocked and displeased with date I got for test because not only
it was a yearly wait but because on the priority list of low, medium
,High ,severe, after my doctor marked my condition for the severe
category .

The worriness totally resolved when I found out that other who were with
me on the appointment got longer waiting period one patient of low
priority category even got a 10 year waiting period. I took the
government bus and reached Chandigarh by 8:00 a.m. waited for an about
an hour while i submitted the files and idli powder and curd.

Then I went to room number 9. Inside of the room there were there were
small concrete structures built like bunkers with windsield to look
inside of them and a hole probably to irradiate the radioactive
radiation onto the idlies .From my file I could see the radioisotope
they were using were of Sulphur and technicium.

A tall doctor looking like the grim eater from Ratatouille served me the
idlis in a big red bowl which could easily fit my head inside of it.
Then an assistant told me to sit in the ‘radioactive idlis eating room’
just outside the room no. 9 with other patients. By the looks of it the
idli served to me were pretty hot almost steaming and had slightly
yellowish hue ,giving ominous Vibes, the doctor’s assistant asked me to
not touch the idlies with my hands or to touch the idli on my face, nose
and said if I follow his instruction I will be safe, which was totally
not comforting cause I have to eat and digest them and they are going to
pass through my soft and squishy organs.

When I took the first bite the smell was like burning sulphur inside my
mouth and burnt all my nose hairs and the taste if simply described in
one word was ‘pukeinducing’. My body was refusing to swallow and I was
gagging after every spoon full and top of that they were really dry and
my body salivary glands were clearly not keeping up with the demand.

All the other patients were finished and left for the scan and I was
left alone in the room then i heared whispers “and we should handle it
with care and follow all the regulations and this is how you measure
it’s quantity on this scale to make sure that none of the isotope is
missing, we don’t want any bad guys to get hold of this afterall,ok
students,” The tall doctor who served me Idlis came out of the room no.9
with a small crowd of interns the interns who probably did all the work
of mixing the radioisotope afterall the sophisticated doctor doesn’t
want himself to be irradiated by it.

I looked closer at the doctor.

I could tell something from the Smriky little smile on his elongated
overly smart face.

This motherducker was doing something illegal with the isotope.i could
just tell.i kept staring at him

“Sir ,you are standing in my way” he said to me like a big nerd he was.

“Pretty interesting character you playing back there about being ethical
and about good use of something as dangerous as the radioactivity” I
said .

“Thank you sir, but I am not playing a character”he said with that smug
smile again .

“of course, of course, In fact, I would like to make some suggestion to
help out patients to you alone in private” I lied and gestured to the
room he just came out.

“Sure ,I can have a quick word.” he said.” as long as it is for the
betterment of the needy”.

“Over there,Over there” I said to him pointing to the dark room where
glowing bunkers were. When we got there I locked the door behind him and
grabed him by his collar and slammed him into the wall. “what are you
doing, tell me” I said.”What illegal shit is that u tryna make with the
radio isotope “.

“I don’t know what you talking about, sir”he coughed.He looked scared
and confused.So, I chocked him harder.

“What are you making item bomb or something” I said loudly.

“Sir, Are you crazy can’t you see this is not a conspiracy theory that’s
not how the world work, where’s your are patient attended, HELP!
Somebody Help!!” he cried worrily.

“Nobody is coming to save you” I smacked him harder against the
windshield of a bunker.

“A waiting period given to a patient was 10 years and you are not
working in the favour of patients that could only happen if somebody in
the critical chain of handling radio isotope is stealing it or using it
to make other stuff and who better to know about it then you!” I said
and slid him across the bunker and threw onto the weighing scale.”
What’s your weight, tell me or be ready to die” i shook him .

He replied fast and scared “60.9kgs”.

“Ha! ,that proves it the scale on which you are lying right now shows 65
kgs,you tampered with the weighing scale and were teaching interns wrong
soo you don’t get caught!”I said ,logically, proving my point.

Now at this point he was almost about to faint he said “alright, you got
me”catching his breath “alright, I am telling you what I am doing with
it”.

I was just bluffing when I said I’m gonna kill him I don’t want to do
that ,I’m not a psychopath afterall,

I know something was off and I actually wanted to benefit the patients
unlike him .

“For that you have to come to my secret bunker office” he said .Now he
didn’t look scared ,he was overly confident rather, like he was out of
his made up character,something which I didn’t like the feeling of.

We passed down the bunkers lined up one after another.and we faced each
other at the last bunker no. 14 .It looked like inside of it there was a
florescent bulb instead of glowing radioactivity.he said “are you ready
for this”.In the hindsight I can tell you i wasn’t.

“Yes, don’t build suspense, open it”and open he did the windshield with
an intricate dexterity of his fingers like opening a cars hood. And
before any of you say, yup, that’s a task very hard for me.

And revieled what looked like a restored powerhouse with large grids of
electrical wiring, switches, and levers. He turned on the lights by
pulling up a comically large lever. And gestured for me to enter.
Without hesitation i pushed him inside just to check for any traps and
then went inside. There I can see the wiring lead to large cylinderical
containers filled with greenish mossy liquid and people!? And A bear!?
People sucked to bone out of flesh and blood with tubes and pipes
attached to every hole of their body.

“What kind of matrix shit is this!”i said to the tall doc face to face.i
was close enough that I could read his nametag now. All i could think
was this guy is doing experiments on people using uranium and turning
them into mutants and what not and storing them into these pods.

He said with an unnerving calm “you see, sir, I’m reasearching side
effects of radiation on human body and these are not alive people they
are just corpses i managed to get my hands on through my connections and
before you ask or say you’ll tell everyone about this .,know that govt.
Knows about it, well, the important higher ups in the govt. knows and
infact it’s a govt. incentivised research

How do you think my department is going to explain 5 kgs of radioisotope
core and I’m making super humans for them.” he saw that I was not even a
little bit convinced so he continued. “You can kill me but then somebody
else who maybe is more cruel than me will take the lead of this project
and you can’t keep fighting the system, the society forever”.

“I’m still in doubt whether I believe you and that the right thing to do
is to do nothing !”i said wanting more explanation .

“Soo, you see this is definitely real and I’m exploring the
possibilities of super human strength and better human experience in
everything in strength,agility and intelligence,.”dr. explained

“If human body is functioning exactly the way it’s supposed to then how
laid back is to change it in the ways we can’t imagine”said I feeling
like a futile puppet in front of the development obsessed world.

“First it’s going to help the differently abled and neurodivergent but
then you start but then you start to wonder that maybe someday everyone
will get this treatment like antibiotics and vaccine which are
preventative medicine and already well accepted and soon it will become
a thing that a healthy person will feel pressuried to get in order to
compete with others who have this and to live a better ,longer and
healthier life .The future of medicine is very scary but really good
because we are getting closer to removing health related suffering but I
don’t think we humans will stop there ,so, who knows,what kind of new
suffering will come from our desire of becoming better and better”the
tall doc said and i actually believed his dystopian thinking. And didn’t
like the feeling that this could be true.

“you know getting medical kits from third world countries and giving
yourself infusions”i tried to lighten up the situation with this silly
joke .

“And the thing is you can do nothing about it, i mean you can try to
tell everybody, but who would believe you everybody will call you crazy,
even if you build the most loyal audience on reddit and gave them
undeniable proof of this happening ,for this reality it’s still gonna be
called a real good story and not a reality and bet you can only do soo
much breaking with the culture and society before you become an outcast
like it’s going to become very hard for you to find connections and
friendship when your ideas conflict with the society at large, trust me,
I’ve tried. So how about we go out own separate ways and pretend like
it’s never happened I’m gonna not tell the higher ups and they are not
gonna come after you” he put his hand forward “shake on it, and i won’t
tell anybody to come after you”

“Wait why did you mention it out of nowhere and who is gonna come after
me” i said.

“They gonna come if you stay here for longer” he said and i did the
thing every sensible person in horror stories should do that is shook
his hand as a deal between two enemies promised to not backstab each
other.and pretend like this never happened and i had nothing to do with
it.

After that I got out and went to get my scans done feeling tired and fed
up I was a little late so the Idlis went cold I was able to push them
down my throat slowly processing and repeating the incident finding
anything in my memory to let it go as a day dream, but I failed. then at
last after eating it I felt kind of relieved knowing that I did not like
eating radioactive things, afterall ,who knows maybe after eating those
i may have let out some deep down uncontrollable fetish of me going on a
spree to eat radio active foods. The scan took 60 seconds or 72 hours
depending on your definition of the scan itself. In short, the scan took
60 second but they have to do it after every hour until six pm for three
days oh and I forgot to tell that I haven’t eat an anything since the
last night and can’t eat until 6 pm everyday. I was also skeptical if my
poop is gonna be radioactive which I am pretty sure would have glown in
the dark if I have Shined U.V. light on it.

So a quick information before I start this is the second chapter of my
series about my real life incidences and the first chapter is gonna be
uploaded after it,also I’m gonna attach undeniable proof of my test
report if I manage to figure out how to attach links of photos I’m new
to reddit and this is my first time posting and I’m gonna try my best to
reply to all of your questions

Thanks.
