Hey, I know how all I’m gonna talk about sounds, the best part is I’m
not really lying. This is a throwaway account, as I don’t really want to
drag attention from my real account, and it honestly doesn’t fit the
rest of my content. I’m more intended to write about my dreams, but this
one is not.

So, everyone knows how kids are more receptive to whatever, right? They
see things, talk to people, knows things…

Before I can really remember (I do have memories from when I was 2 years
old, but it is my understanding I was slightly younger) I was always
playing and talking to my 3 imaginary friends, since I am an only child
and there weren’t really babies near me which to play with, always had a
childhood on solitude.

Names of the children? I don’t know, my mother tells me there was a boy
and two girls, she can only remember the boy of the boy, Ivan. It’s been
a few years since we last mention the subject, she’s not afraid of
speaking about it, but I do recall the first time she talked to me about
it when I was like 7 years old. Maybe she has grown used to the memory,
but she insists I was always the catalyst of weird things when growing
up.

It started like typical normal imaginary friends stuff: talking behind
the table, pretending to play with my toys like I was within another
children, just full on babbling like the baby I was… Even if it looked I
was actually reacting to entire conversations and she could only see one
side of it each time.

There’s 2 things that happened with Ivan and the girls that made her
tell little me to inform them I will not be playing with them anymore
nor they allowed on the house again.

First were my reactions, Ivan and the girls tried to the point of making
me cry to get inside the closet. It was like I didn’t understand the
demand was fictional, because there was real terror as little me cried
like I was being forced by peer pressure to enter into the closet. Mom
had to console me hearing my cries and how my friends told me that
getting inside the dark closet was fun and that I should join them.

The second time was— The final straw for her. Back then we lived in an
apartment and not the house in which we live in since leaving said
apartment, little me had an ample room with a cradle in which I sleep
in.

After many days of my friends trying to force me onto the closet or
dangerous places, she went one night to check on my while sleeping and
she froze in pure terror…

She saw 3 figures surrounding my cradle, and they weren’t people, hell
they weren’t humans, just blurry black shadows that were gisible to her.
One leaning against a drawer, almost like crossing his arms, Ivan.

She really never tells me what happens after she sees the shadows, but I
think she hold me in her arms and grabbe me to sleep with her and dad on
their bed.

The next morning she told me worried and mortified that Ivan and the
girls were now banned from playing with me, that they couldn’t enter to
be with me anymore. She tells me how she told it to me back then, with
no trace of hesitation, she really wanted those 3 shadows away from her
baby.

And apparently I felt that something was wrong, that was the first and
last time my mother saw the shadows. And previous to that night, that
was the last time I talked with these “imaginary friends”.

I should ask her more about the subject. Her memory has never been the
greatest but the story of Ivan and the girls always stayed with me
because of her, she seemed visibly shaken as she mentioned all this to
me the first few times. Hell, it feels like it’s been 7+ years since
last time she talked about it, so I probably won’t get anything else out
of this.

Thinking back, I dont think I’d ever spotted evil from the shadows, but
the closet thing makes me think they probably wanted me to join them, or
protect me from something else?

Again, I know how everything sounds, the shadows, the throw away,
everything… But I swear by everything, the things under the title Real
Stories from a Small Town is 100% real. Not that scary but I still…

Real.
