As it was remembered. Locally I mean, doubt any of you ever heard of it.
Took place in a small mining town in the Seward peninsula of Alaska.
Complete isolation. The whole town rested on a flowing blanket of snow.

Rested.

The locals—self-reliant, tough, hardy. Every synonym for badass a
dictionary could come up with. Not easily frightened by any stretch of
the imagination. Squalls and blizzards were a common affair, of course.
Nothing new, and anytime one showed up everyone, and I mean everyone,
took proper precautions.

Whoever their ancestors were found out real quick that dumbasses freeze
to death.

Most of them…

Not all, unfortunately. No, some people get that little pull, that small
amount of help up the rope of their stupidity, forcing the rest of us to
deal with the consequences.

“Good samaritans” my ass. No such thing.

A smear of purple in the night. Uncountable stars suspended in the
black, ever vigilant over those green waves. A smoking crater.

The meteor.

Pretty simple name, unassuming. Just a space rock. Someone ought to get
to it first. Natives knew better, but the braindead morons on a “winter
getaway” didn’t. They were warned, voraciously, of course. Don’t touch
it, whatever you do. Do not touch it.

Couldn’t even give them the courtesy of being an asshole. They lied.
They always lie. The first to get to it was a young man.

Arthur McGuire—dickweed from Dublin—far from home and very fucking far
from a good reason to be screwing with shit.

But he’s a collector, gotta get his silky hands on the first thing he
can, especially a piece of the universe itself as he called it. But how?
How did he navigate the landscape? It’s beyond dangerous in the winter
months. Hell, it’s a challenge for the locals to navigate.

A young boy, native, decided to do some good for his community. Figured
his hard work would be repaid by Dublin. Unbeknownst to him the town
never needed it, and it was never going to get it. He led Arthur through
the hills, ravines, and drop-offs for four hours.

There it was, his holy grail. A meteorite, no larger than a bowling
ball, and somehow still intact. Seemed to change color every time you
looked at it. It was heavy, sixty pounds, but Arthur was dedicated.

Yes, he was dedicated alright, dedicated to make the young boy carry it
all the way back for the promise of a thousand dollars. And for four
hours he carried the weight before collapsing from exhaustion, only
three hundred feet from town.

Arthur figured he had worked the boy hard enough and let him have his
rest. Alone in the snow.

But he didn’t die, no.

Had to amputate a hand and a leg, but I’m still kicking.

Arthur spent the night in a cabin on the outskirts of town. Plenty of
canned food for dumbasses too stupid to melt ice. Not certain what it
said to him, but I know what it said to me.

Nothing.

Not a goddamn word.

Just a fucking rock the whole time I carried it.

But oh how he preached come morning, how he yelled and screamed and
billowed about the secrets of the stars weaving through his ears in the
twilight. Eyes delirious, he shouted at random passersby about the
heavens they cannot see above them—no, below them—no, inside
them—whatever lie worked best.

He never tried to sell the thing. I’m assuming it would have gone in his
collection with the rest of his trinkets, but it never did. Maybe that’s
where it belonged.

Why didn’t he leave?

I’ve thought about it till my brain goes numb and never found an answer.

I spent three weeks bed bound, blackened bark my new flesh—fingers no
more than dried-up earthworms stuck to my hands. No stench, none at all.
Good and truly dead.

Had to be airlifted out. Lucky me.

Had a satellite phone, so speaking to family was a given. I’d call my
mother three times a day, friends every other day. Dad was usually busy
with some project of his; that mean ass couldn’t smoke a cigarette
without rolling another one in the process.

Speaking of satellites, I’ve never owned a smartphone, so that camera
call thing they have was out of the question. Google Earth, wasn’t. It
was always easy to find my town. I especially enjoyed showing the
hospital staff some barren stretch of land and pointing to it saying
that’s where I’m from.

They’d always laugh—or be confused. When I zoomed in to show them the
barely visible houses though, their eyes lit up. Oh, how far I was from
home.

A few of the nurses (male ones mostly) always asked how we could live in
a place like that. If it ever got lonely, if we were ever scared. The
usual.

Eventually I made it a habit to check on everyone; saw myself as their
‘eyes in the sky’.
Not entirely sure how Google Earth worked, I told my friends to step
outside and walk around so I could see them; pretty funny in retrospect.

I ended up having to stay in the recovery center down south for a year,
and it was miserable. Nobody had the money to fly down, and worse than
that, the town had gone to absolute shit. Three families were sick as
dogs—not even able to leave their houses. Garbage piled up, the docks
were empty, school closed.

My folks were still fine thankfully.

Dublin… can’t say for certain.

I was never able to see what they were going through, but it was bad,
unlike anything they’d ever seen. One of my buddies said his neighbor
had these weird boils on his eyes. Described it like a pimple on his
iris. Said he had this urge to pop it, to squeeze whatever was inside
out.

The rest of them were one of two things: indescribably tired all of the
time, or they had so much energy that if they left they’d get themselves
killed—no in between. Regardless of their responses, everyone was
consistent in their randomness.

A young child had gray hair and wrinkled skin.

An old man was coughing up this weird blue phlegm that curled into a
sickle shape when it hit the ground.

Another said it hurt to breathe and that he could feel crawling in his
lungs.

The months went on.

My family wasn’t invincible. Every day was another heartbreak. Every day
hearing my mother’s voice slowly get more croaking and weak and hoarse.
Hearing my father speak at all was a testament to their situation. They
kept telling me everything was fine. Eventually my friends stopped
responding, radio silence.

Google Earth. I needed to see my home. Even if it was rotting, I just
wanted to see it.

Oh I did. It sat on the snow like a fucking scab—visceral red all around
it. Had to be a minimum of three square miles of red snow. It was
impossible.

I called my parents ASAP, praying to the god I never believed in that
they would pick up. My mom did, as always. Firm in her optimism, stern
in her resolve. Immovable like a wall of solid steel. She’s the
strongest person I ever knew. She told me dad died, blunt and
straightforward, exactly how it needed to be. I asked her how, she
wouldn’t tell me.

Asked her why the ground was red. Lied, said she couldn’t see it.

Every night my stomach twisted with the most horrible anxiety I’ve ever
experienced—this miasma of worry inside me—unending in its cruelty. God
I hoped I’d die.

I checked Google Earth again. It managed to update constantly, fresh
imagery feeding in day after day. I don’t know how–I don’t want to know.

Every day new splotches of red would appear. In the ditches, near
parking lots, the docks. My god, the docks…

It leaked into the ocean, tendrils of crimson in the water like an oil
spill.

The school. The entire playground was so red it was black, a hole in the
ground—how it appeared to me.

Every call with my mother was more sickening than the last. As her
health declined, so did the world around her. During every phone call I
could hear tapping on her windows, exhausted people outside begging to
be let in, begging for her to come out. Most of the time it was garbled
nonsense, but one time, just once, I managed to hear them.

It isn’t so bad when you stop trying.

Muffled behind the glass, barely audible over her groans of pain. She
still answered me. Every day she answered me, even when I could hear her
face rotting off. One call, she apologized for mumbling, saying she
dropped something. It was her teeth; they fell out mid-conversation. I’m
fucking certain that’s what happened.

The knocking on her windows never stopped. Past a certain point it was
happening during the entirety of our phone calls. No matter what time,
that knocking was there. Then it became a sharp tapping sound, like the
flesh of their knuckles withered away and they were tapping with exposed
bone.

Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap.

I hated calling her. It made me suicidal, but she couldn’t be alone. I
couldn’t leave my mom alone. Not now—especially not now. She never
called me; it was always me who called her.
Our final call was nothing. She didn’t say anything to me. That fucking
tapping—incessant in its rhythm—stayed as well.

“Mom?”
…
“You there?”
…
“Please speak to me.”
…

She sounded exhausted. Ragged breaths and nothing more. She was doing
something, what it was I can’t say. Sounded like she was chewing over
the speaker, using the few teeth she had left. There was a faint gulp
after, and she winced, like whatever she was biting into physically
hurt, ripping something away in this cellophane screech through the
phone.

I hung up, threw the batteries away, and tossed the satellite phone out
the window.

I had to be restrained; locked in a psychiatric ward for three years.
Every chance I got I cut into myself. I was finished, there was nothing
for me to do anymore. Not depressed, forget being sad—that rotted away
with my leg. I saw everything for how it was and I was done.
But I healed.

I stopped trying.

I’ll die one day.

And that makes me happy.

Over a decade ago now, and the memory is still fresh in my mind. I’ve
done pretty good for myself. Met a girl, left a girl, met another, you
get the idea.

Went to school, made some friends. None of it felt real. Everything was
through some lens that I couldn’t take off.

I got a pilot’s license.

And a lot of free time.

Red November.
