It started with one simple Post-it reminding me to change all of the air
filters in the house, six window units and one central. As I was in the
middle of that task, it hit me that I needed to, before I forgot, jot
down to check my eBay sell summary. I grabbed the bright blue stack of
Post-its (my favorite), not discarding the air filter Post-it. I was not
yet finished…still three to go. 
I admit I am a Post-it girl. Who doesn’t love a good Post-it?! Mine
became overwhelming though, so much to do. Without them, I couldn’t
remember a thing.
Here is my story…
As I look around the house, I see at least 50 Post-its with many things
to do written on each one.  
Take coffee creamer to Mom in nursing facility (pastel yellow Post-it),
wash Mom’s clothes—take back to nursing facility, mow back yard
tomorrow, mow front this afternoon (blue Post-it), tell daughter I can’t
make it to dinner (hot pink Post-it), call dentist for appt (toothache,
pastel pink Post-it), count alcohol consumption (bright yellow Post-it),
eat at least once a day (pastel pink Post-it), take shower today, go to
store tomorrow, call Mom, go see Mom, clean house, let pups outside
(green Post-it), check mailbox (pastel yellow Post-it), check emails, go
to work, go to bank, clean closet out, take trash out, sleep, sleep,
sleep, sleep, please sleep…
List of worries (bright blue Post-it), list of guilts (pale yellow
Post-it).
Bathroom mirror covered in my positive affirmations, all in my favorite
bright blue posty. 

Do your best today
Be better
Work harder
Use your brain 
Overcome the pain
Be brave

Washer and dryer covered with Post-its, counters covered, bed side
tables covered, mirrors, bookcases, kitchen table. I couldn’t  believe I
had written so much down throughout the week. Rainbow of Post-its. I
couldn’t even read my handwriting on some of them. Mania scribbling.
I was bothered by that, only because of what  I might miss…what won’t
get done now because of a foolish act.

I think the most shocking part was when they started to talk back to
me. 
At first I saw their bottom half flapping in the living room. I assumed
it was from the ceiling fan, but then all of the flapping became words
like a rapid machine gun firing at me. Mouths, they had mouths.
Bombarded by words, I asked them to please slow down. They did as
commanded. I truly wanted to hear every word. My favorite spoke with a
deep yet stuttering voice, “We we we  are hererere tooooo helppppp
remind youuuuuu.”
I expressed my appreciation with a slight giggle.
As they all calmed down, sensing I truly wanted to listen, I heard one
speak from the bathroom. I had forgotten about my affirmation Post-its.
With excitement, I quickly side shuffled my way, but was hit with a
sense of irrationality as I turned into the room.
All of the affirmations were now up side down, flap up. I tilted my head
slightly to read a few, and Pastel Pink spoke to me.
She uttered very quietly with a voice on the edge of death, “You know
what you should do?”
I walked closer to the mirror, leaning in slightly not wanting to miss a
single syllable. I didn’t know if I should answer or if it was
rhetorical, so I simply stood there and felt my skin begin to crawl.
How long I stood there is up for debate, but I believe it was a very
long time because, though the toilet was to my immediate left, I had
pissed myself.
My only thought when I shook myself out of the trance was that I needed
to make a Post-it reminding myself to urinate. I digress, on with my
story.

We partied after that. I remember the feeling they gave me. Confetti
falling from the skies above, as if your most loved one was showering
you with endearments.
Then…they started to tell me to do things. Odd things. I didn’t mind at
first.

Smoke a pack of cigs back to back—I despise smoking, but I did it.
Go lick the fridge—I did it.
Pee in your neighbor’s bushes—oh, I did it.
Sleep in your bathtub—yes, I did it.
Mark the letter X randomly on the walls throughout your house—why not? I
did it.
Turn all the pictures in the frames upside down until someone notices—I
did it.

After those requests were completed, they started becoming very wicked,
very quickly. I did not know what to do or how to stop. It was still
unbelievable to me that I was having a dialogue with Post-its who had
become my…friends? But would friends really have such requests as these?

Drink a container of creamer in 1 minute.
Climb into the dryer and stay for 3 minutes.
Start mower, engage blade, try to stick your foot in there.
Eat everything in pantry then throw up.
Pull a tooth out, with pliers.
One more drink won’t hurt, the ones before didn’t count.
Eat remains of lint trap and vacuum trappings.
Slip, take a fall…it can be fun.
Walk out, buggy and all, without paying.
Visit your mom, take her something “special.”
Drink 1/2 cup of bleach.
Let pups run free.
Check mailbox naked, then sit in the middle of the road until car
passes.
Email everyone what you really think of them.
Cancel all appointments indefinitely.
Withdrawal all of your money from all accounts and burn it.
Hide in the closet until someone notices.
Crawl inside trash bin, stay until pick up next day.
Take all sleep meds, get some sleep.
FUCK your worries and guilts, FUCK all of them to death.

Over the next two weeks, I did everything just to stop the flapping,
jabbing, berating. The cheeky little bastards would not stop. 

THEN the bathroom was calling…self-deprecating slams hit me like a
stoning, countering every positive.

Do your best today, even though you know it’s not good enough.
Be better. Yeah, right!
Work harder, you fucking loser.
Use your scrambled brain for once.
Overcome the pain. Don’t be a pussy.
Be brave. Coward.

My skin began to crawl, worms right beneath the skin working their way
through my body.

I got back to the living room where the bulk of my friends were because
even though their request were strange, they didn’t make me feel like
shit about myself.
Only Bluey flapped now, the original voice I heard expressing they
wanted to help me, telling me my last task before I was completely done
with all of my Post-Its.
“Wrrriiitttee a a a a a sssssttoooooooooryyy aabout us, sppprread the
neeews sssoo wwwe cccan help oothers.”

For now all is quiet and calm, all task are completed. I fee very
productive!

Postscript

Thoughts with teeth can convince you to do anything. They can be fluid,
streaming, random, straying, or fleeting.

BE AWARE OF THEM.
