Ricky was an asshole. It’s why I didn’t want him to spend the night with
us. He always did this whole schtick of pretending to be in trouble, so
he’d get attention. One time he pretended to have a broken arm so all
the kids in class would feel bad. He had a whole ass cast on his
forearm. The story changed ten times about how he broke it, but he
squeezed as much sympathy as he could out of it. He lasted a whole three
weeks before the teacher finally caught on.

Another time, during recess he fell down and grabbed onto his leg
yelling about how he had stepped on a rogue nail, just for everyone to
rush over to ask if he was okay. He even had a ketchup packet he used as
a squib, spurting it all over his leg. He limped to the nurse’s office,
and right after he showed up to class, he was magically fine. Acted like
nothing happened.

Despite all of his theatrics, Caleb still liked Ricky. He wanted him to
come camping with us in my back yard. It was going to be a nice and warm
September weekend, perfect for wrapping up summer. Caleb insisted that
Ricky join. He said that he is “fun” and “good company”. I rolled my
eyes. I still didn’t like the kid, but I liked Caleb, so I relented.

Friday night came around and I waited for both of the guys to show up.
My mom told us to be careful, and to keep the lights on so she could see
us. She’s been glued to the TV ever since dad left, and she’s obsessed
with all the bad news. It’s always missing kids, or lunatics with
knives, or religious weirdo cults. She insisted we stay inside. But I
insisted that staying the night inside wasn’t camping. She didn’t have
the strength to fight me on this.

“Well you boys are nearly teenagers,” she justified to herself.

I flexed at her, proving that we could handle ourselves. Though, I’m not
sure the little lump of an excuse for muscle truly convinced her.

After the guys showed up and we gorged ourselves on pizza, soda and
video games, we got our sleeping bags ready and hauled all our stuff to
the tent that was pitched the night before.

“I’m surprised Ricky hasn’t faked any injuries yet” I chuckled in a
whisper to Caleb, who looked a little embarrassed, “I totally thought he
was going to fake choke on a slice of pizza and we’d need to drive 10
minutes to the hospital or some crap.”

“Come on, Jonny. Leave him alone.”

Whatever.

Caleb’s bag began to rumble with audio, where he immediately tried to
stifle it.

“What’s that?”

I could see he tried to find some sort of lie to explain it, but the
story in his head didn’t seem to materialize.

He pulled out a walkie talkie and answered.

“Hey hey, this is Big-C. Over.”

Caleb’s face was a mixture of embarrassment and joy.

“Just got done dropping a load, Ricky Dick is on his way back. Over.”

Caleb began to chuckle.

“Really? How long has this been going on for?” I asked.

He looked like a scolded dog.

“Couple weeks now. We both saved up our allowances to get them.”

“I don’t know why you like this guy. He lies all the time. He’s an
attention whore. How do you know he isn’t lying about…” I trailed off,
“…whatever this is?”

My cheeks burnt hot and I could feel tears forming, where I turned to
wipe them away.

The zipper slid open and Ricky appeared, with a cold two liter of
Mountain Dew in one hand and three red plastic cups in the other.

I eyed him up and down.

“I hope you washed your hands ‘Ricky Dick’”

Ricky laughed and fell onto his sleeping bag.

“Don’t worry your pretty little head, cupcake,” he darted a look back
towards Caleb, where he was trying to hide his laughter, “I’m all nice
and clean for you.”

He held out his hands and pushed them towards my face, nearly rubbing
them on me.

“See, look how good they smell!”

I swear I could see a shit-stained pebble underneath his fingernail.

“Whatever.” I replied.

Caleb, nervously looking between us, attempted to lighten things up.

“Hey, how about scary stories? We’re camping, after all!”

Caleb was such a little peacekeeper. I admired him for it. But in that
moment, all I felt was annoyed.

“Fine,” I agreed.

Ricky pumped his fist in excitement and patted Caleb on the back,
pulling him in for a hug. I sat and crossed my arms, sipping my cup of
Mountain Dew.

“Alright,” Ricky said, “I have a good one. I hope you two are sat.”

“We’re already sitting” I responded, “we’re in a tent. No room to
stand.”

Ricky waved his hands around, “you know what I mean.”

Caleb looked awkwardly at both of us.

“Anyway,” Ricky continued, “So have you guys heard of that missing town?
It used to be right by Lewisville.”

“Ricky, is this real or are you just making crap up again?”

Caleb shushed me. I rolled my eyes.

“Trust me. This one is real. There used to be a town that existed near
Lewisville, about 30 minutes away from here. Apparently, it disappeared
off the map in a weekend.”

Ricky cupped his hands together and separated them, wriggling his
fingers in some sort of gesture. I didn’t know if he was trying to be
scary, but it didn’t work on me.

“So apparently, the town disappeared. No one has heard anything from any
of the people that used to live there. Some say they never even existed
at all. The only reports are from the neighboring towns, where they say
they see ‘star people’”.

Caleb chimed in, “Like aliens?”

Ricky shot back with a toothy grin, “No, not aliens. Their names were
literal. Their bodies were all black, and their insides looked like the
night sky. Like if you cut out chunks of the night and put them on a
person’s body.”

He continued his story.

“A team was sent to where the missing town was, expecting to find empty
buildings, a crater, police tape or something. Supposedly there were
homes, movie theaters, a hospital, and hundreds of people in the town.
But nothing was there, it was all gone. Poof. The only thing left behind
that showed anything was there at all was a giant ring that seemed to be
burnt into the very earth itself, surrounding the area where the town
used to be. Some say the star people are the spirits of all of the
people who were lost when the town disappeared, and they’re traveling to
other towns, stealing kids to join them in the afterlife,”

Ricky held onto Caleb’s gaze,

“On nights like this, if you look into the darkness for too long, you
might be able to see stars moving in the distance, a sign that a star
person is near.”

Ricky smiled and did that weird hand thing again and stared at both of
us with wide eyes, expecting some sort of reaction.

Caleb looked like he was properly spooked.

I chimed in.

“Where’d you hear that story? Wouldn’t we have heard from the news a
whole town disappearing?” Ricky replied, “I heard it from my cousin’s
friend. She said she knew people who used to live there. And I can say
that personally, I’ve seen star people around.”

I got up and unzipped the tent, stomping out into the grass.

“No you fucking didn’t.”

Caleb chimed in, “Jonny, please don’t.”

I snapped back, “Stop defending him!” I tried to keep my voice down so
my mom wouldn’t notice.

“All you do is lie, Ricky. You lied about breaking your arm, you lie
about seeing celebrities, you lie about being an athlete. I’m so sick of
it. I didn’t even want you here. All you do is hog attention and I hate
it.”

I tried not to look at Caleb, but my eyes darted in his direction for a
split second. I wish he didn’t see me like this.

Both of them sat there in the tent in silence.

“Whatever. I have to piss.”

I passed the tent, slapping the side of the canvas out of frustration on
the way inside.

He always does this. He always needs to insert himself in these stories.
Every time. He can’t just tell some ghost story and move on with it. It
has to be “oh I saw the ghost myself”. God what an attention whore. I
don’t know what Caleb sees in him that he doesn’t see in me.

I finished pissing and grabbed a cold slice of pizza and returned
outside. I was about to just tell them both to go home and that the
night was over until Caleb ran up to me in a panic.

“He ran into the woods and they got him! The star people got him!”

I huffed in disbelief at him.

“Do you seriously think he was taken? He made the whole thing up.”

Caleb dragged me back toward the tent and pointed to the walkie talkie
on the ground.

Between pauses of static and whirring, Ricky’s voice echoed on the other
end.

“They—they got me. The star people. Help. They—they got me. The star
people. Help.”

It just repeated over and over.

“Bro, I was gone for like 5 minutes. Do you think I’m an idiot?”

Caleb spoke between sobs, “I’m not fucking lying, Jonny. He went out
into the trees and was taken by something.

I sighed and stomped to the tree line. I saw movement in the branches
and what was clearly Ricky, standing in shadow.

“I fucking see you, Ricky. Knock it off. Take Caleb and go home. I don’t
want you here anymore.” I spun around to Caleb and asked him what
happened.

He muttered, “Ricky went into the woods, and he was going to trick you,
but he actually was taken by something. I’m serious.”

I poked his chest.

“I told you this is why I didn’t want him to come. He always does crap
like this. It’s not funny and if you’re going to humor him, I don’t want
to be around you, either.”

I marched inside and slammed the sliding door shut, moving into the
living room and sat on the couch. I was furious.

My mom shook me awake. I guess I passed out on the couch.

“Both of the boys’ parents called. They said they never came home this
morning.”

I looked at her and shrugged. I told her that they were staying in the
tent while I went inside. I had no idea where they were.

Apparently, Ricky and Caleb never came home. No trace of them were
found. It’s like they disappeared like that town in Ricky’s story. Just
here one second and gone the next.

Caleb left his walkie talkie behind in the tent. I still keep it around,
propped up on my nightstand. I’ll listen to it every so often, hoping to
hear his voice again. I miss him so much.

Sometimes I’ll hear a message, it doesn’t sound like just Ricky or
Caleb, but instead a humming amalgamation of them both, buzzing the
words “star people”.
