“I one it,” my father’s laughing voice rang out through the truck. 

“I two it,” I replied back from the passenger seat. 

“I three it,” Dad answered back. 

“I four it,” I said. 

“I five it,” Dad laughed again. 

“I SIX it!” I giggled, speaking with emphasis.

“I seven it!” 

“Oh no. I eight it!” I made a mock puking noise and looked in the side
view mirror. 

The dead raccoon on the side of the road was swarming with flies,
crawling with maggots. Even with the windows up I could smell the rot
creeping in. The sun was no help to the carcass on the side of the road.
Heat made things smell more pungent, like farting in the shower. 

“You ate the roadkill, Blake! That’s nasty!” My Dad reached over to poke
me in the ribs. It made me laugh and twitch. 

“Nuh uh! It’s just a game!” I stuck my tongue out at him. 

My Dad was a hardworking blue-collar man. The wrinkles around his eyes
had grown deeper over the last few years. I remember when my toddler
sized hand would reach up and trace them. He pulled the truck over to
the side of the road and hopped out. 

I never liked this part much. 

Throwing on a pair of soiled rubber gloves, my Dad walked over to the
raccoon and picked it up from where it laid upon the yellow line. He
threw it in the back of the truck, it landed with a sickening thump as
it hit the bed. 

My father had an odd habit. 

Living out in the middle of nowhere had its perks, but it also had its
pitfalls. A lot of the time it was your responsibility to keep the roads
nice. The county was too stingy to come rake the dirt roads, or plow
during the winter. Roadkill was a major problem. 

People from the city would drive to the end of our road, release litters
of puppies or kittens, or even the family pet, before speeding away like
they did nothing wrong. If I had to count how many times I had
personally witnessed such atrocities, I would need double the hands. 

My stepmom had taken up caring for such abandoned animals, while my Dad
made sure to clean up the ones that hadn’t made it. He said it was to
‘keep the wife sane’. I never really understood what that meant, not
until I was older. This eventually transitioned into my father cleaning
up all the roadkill we happened to come across. 

The raccoon in the back of the truck was no different. A dead animal was
a dead animal. Although it grossed me out immensely, I knew that my
Dad’s actions were based upon good intentions. That was all that truly
mattered at the end of the day: being a good person. 

To keep me from getting too uncomfortable at such an influential age, my
father came up with a game. Whoever spotted the roadkill first had to
start with the ‘I one it’ and then go back and forth until we got to the
number eight, which sounds like ate. It both kept things light and fun,
and made sure I kept my eyes peeled for downed animals. 

Just last week I spotted two deer. One of them was still alive, honking
and snorting in a way that sent a chill up my spine. Seeing an animal
with three of its legs blown off, trying to crawl around on the ground,
was so horrific my brain didn’t even process it fully. My father told me
to close my eyes and cover my ears as he pulled something metal from the
back seat. Two loud bangs, and the haunting screams stopped. Followed by
the slam of two deer carcasses in the bed of the truck. 

Now that I’m 28, I look back on those days with a sick curiosity. One
part traumatized, one part intrigued. My father was never a creative
man, yet he’d come up with the game that saved me from a lot of
prepubescent mental breakdowns. Twenty years ago, I just thought of
these things as normal.

We had a dog, an older black lab with greying whiskers, whose name was
Brody. He was a great dog, aside from the one time he knocked me down to
steal my chicken nuggets. I remember crying like a baby when I scraped
up both of my knees.  My Dad told me to ‘rub some dirt on it’ and walk
it off. I choked back my tears and tried to be strong, since boys
weren’t supposed to cry. 

“Brody didn’t mean it, so don’t be too mad at him. He loves chicken
nuggets just the same as you.” My Dad said, a smile on his face. 

“O-okay,” I said, through hiccups. 

“Just wait here with your stepmom and I’ll head back to the
drive-through.” 

My stepmom was a nice lady, a bit on the weird side. She moved in when I
was six years old, bringing her son with her. His name was Alan and he
was only a couple of years older than me. I’d hoped having an older
brother would make life more fun, but I was wrong. He would always steal
my snacks, and tease me when his friends were around. 

“Your Dad is nasty!” Alan had said one day whilst we were in the middle
of wrestling each other for the last bag of chips. 

“No he’s not!” I yelled back. 

“He plays with dead animals! That’s gross!” Alan had his arm around my
throat, holding me in a headlock. 

“No he DOESN’T! He cleans them up so your mom won’t be sad!” I elbowed
him in the ribs, causing his grip to release. 

“She never asked him to do that! So he must be doing weird things with
them!” 

After our spat had finally ended, I stole the chips from Alan’s hands
and went to hide in my room. Our house was a mix of wood paneling and
shag carpet. My room was no different from the rest of the home - long
strands of burnt orange fibers under my bare feet. Jumping into the bed,
I hid myself under the protection of my power-ranger sheets. 

As I licked the salty chip seasoning from my fingers, an idea blossomed
in my mind. Alan’s taunting had presented me with a question I had never
thought to ask. What did my Dad do with the roadkill? Where did he take
it, once it was unloaded from the back of the truck? I would see him
take the bodies into the woods on the side of our house, coming back a
few minutes later with empty hands. 

“Dad, where do you take the roadkill?” I asked him the next night after
dinner. 

“I lay them to rest. All creatures deserve a peaceful end,” was all Dad
said. 

That didn’t answer my question, though. Instead of satiating my brain,
it spurned more questions. The next time Dad returned with rot in the
bed of the truck, I decided that I would follow him. It probably wasn’t
the smartest idea my eight year-old brain could conjure, but it was good
enough at the time. 

“Where’re you going?” Jojo, my stepmom had asked me as I headed for the
back door. 

“I’m gonna go play outside with Brody,” I lied. 

“Just stay within ear shot, you know how your Dad is…” Jojo’s voice
trailed off. “Oh, and can you feed the strays for me?” 

“Sure,” I answered, grabbing two bowls of cat food. 

On the back deck, seven stray cats hung around lazily. Their chirps and
meows greeted me as I brought out the food. The oldest, and biggest cat,
was named Tom. He had long grey hair and paws with too many toes. Tom
head butted my shin with what I assumed was affection and purred so loud
it sounded like the lawn mower. I bent down to pet him for a moment
before calling for our dog. 

“BRODY!” My voice rang out through the open air, “Broooooddddyyyyyyy!” 

A few minutes later I heard the sound of his collar jingling, and saw
his tired body running towards the house from the  woods at the side of
the property. He held what I assumed to be, the jaw bone of a deer,
within his mouth. It dangled and dragged across the ground as he trotted
closer. I felt my stomach twist, looking at the shrunken meat that still
clung to the bone. A row of molar-like teeth prevalent. 

“Spit that out right now!” I yelled. 

Brody whined and looked up at me with a sad expression before dropping
the stinking mess onto the ground. 

“Don’t tell me-” the question that had formed in my mouth was cut off by
the sound of the truck engine. Dad would be pulling into the driveway at
any moment. If he had anything in the back of the truck, today would be
the day I followed him. 

There was a deer and an opossum in the bed, stinking to high heaven. 

“Dad!” I called out excitedly, running towards him with open arms. 

“Blake, my boy! How was your day?” My Dad lifted me into his arms,
crushing them around my chest. The bear hug only lasted a moment before
he set me back down on the ground. 

“It was good, I’m just out here playing with Brody. I think he got into
something he shouldn’t have,” I said, pointing at the jaw on the
ground. 

“Aw hell, Brody. You don’t wanna eat that, that meat is no good.” My Dad
bent over and picked up the sullied bone. 

While my Dad took care of the carcasses, I snuck off into the woods with
Brody hot on my heels. He wasn’t an attack dog, or even a hunting dog,
but he was loyal. One summer night I had camped out in the backyard.
Amidst the hooting and hollering of coyotes - which sound like giggling
children - he stayed beside the tent all night. I was his human as much
as he was my dog, and he protected what was his. 

“Shhhhhh,” I pressed my finger to my lips while looking down at the dog.
His tongue hung out the side of his mouth as he panted softly. 

As my Dad carried the deer in his arms, he headed for the woods. I had
chosen my hiding spot carefully, tucked away into the hollowed out trunk
of a tree. I waited until he was far enough, the crack and snap of twigs
growing quieter with each passing second. Just as I was about to lose
sight of him, I shot out from the trunk and followed. 

Keeping my body low, and walking on the balls of my feet, I stalked
behind. Brody followed closely, bending his own knees to hover closer to
the ground. We both crept through trees and underbrush, avoiding as many
dry twigs as we could. That was when I saw my dad, standing still at the
top of a hill. He tossed the deer from his arms and it disappeared out
of sight. Then, he turned around and headed back the way he’d come. 

“Woah,” I whispered. “What is that?” 

Then, the smell hit me. Layer upon layer of the stench of death
infiltrated my nose. Slamming my hand over my mouth, I did my best to
stifle a gag. If I thought the lone roadkill smelled, this was
absolutely abhorrent. Even Brody began to whine, looking like he wanted
to retreat as well. Squaring my shoulders, I climbed my way to the top
of the hill and looked down. Beneath us was a garbage pit of sorts, a
pit full of dead animals. 

Flies swarmed in tangible clouds. Maggots crawled in and out of
carcasses, giving them the appearance of breathing. Cats, dogs,
woodchucks, opossums, deer, coyotes, rabbits, raccoons, and many other
animals laid dead in the pit. Their decomposing bodies formed a thick
layer of tar and secretions at the bottom. Had it not been for the
smell, or the obvious bones, I would have thought it to be a bog. That
was when I saw movement within the pit. A human arm shot out from within
the mess, it was small and pale underneath the sickening liquid. 

“You’re not supposed to be out here, Blake.” My father’s voice caused me
to jump. Almost tumbling down into the pit myself. One of his large
hands shot out, grabbing me by the arm. 

“I- I’m s-sorry dad. I just wanted to see,” I started crying almost
instantly. 

“Go home, boy. This is no place for children.” 

I was an idiot. My half-cocked plan had not accounted for the fact that
my dad could only carry one of the animals at a time. Of course he had
come back. As my Dad steadied me, he pushed me back towards the way I’d
come. I stumbled as I walked back down the hill. Brody hadn’t left my
side. 

Dinner that night was silent and awkward. Even Alan didn’t poke me with
taunts. He just stared at his plate, and shoveled food into his mouth. I
wondered if they knew that I had gotten in trouble. Jojo was the only
one who seemed to treat me like normal, offering me a slice of pie when
I had finished my meal. 

“Cherry or blueberry?” Jojo’s soft voice asked. 

“Blueberry, please, ma’am.” I tried to be on my best behavior for the
rest of the night. 

Getting caught didn’t stop me though. It didn’t stop my curiosity. I’d
made a plan to go out to the pit again, this time when my dad wasn’t
around. The old dog followed behind me yet again. Barking as he chased
after a squirrel, only to come back with an empty mouth. I chuckled when
he returned. 

“Old age is really getting to ya, isn’t it boy?” I asked Brody, as if he
could respond. He just panted and licked at his nose a few times. 

When we got to the pit the second time, the smell was a lot easier to
bear. I no longer needed to cover my nose and mouth with my hand.
Standing at the top of the hill, I looked down, down, down. At first,
the mess below was still. And then, like last time, it moved. Almost as
if the pit was breathing. A small, pale arm appeared from under the body
of a mostly fresh cow. That was a rarity for the pit, since their
electric fences kept them away from the side of the road. 

“Who’s there?” I heard a small voice. It was coming from below me. “Have
you brought me more to eat?” 

“Hello? Is someone down there?” I tilted my head to the side. The pit
was so nasty, I couldn’t understand why someone would be in all
that…mess. 

“Daddy, is that you? I’m hungry.” 

“Dad…dy? Who’s your dad?” I asked, confused. 

“The man who brings me food.” 

“Do you mean my dad?” I asked. 

“Yes.” It sounded like a little girl, probably around the same age as
me. 

I only returned to the pit a few times during the remainder of my
childhood. Each time I would crouch down by the edge looking for the
pale white arm. She would talk to me, but it only ever revolved around
one thing. Hunger. Eventually I grew bored of the monotonous
conversation, and sick of the smell. 

It was always, “I’m hungry, I’m hungry…” 

From then on, when we played the Roadkill game, it held a new meaning.
My father, like usual, would glove up and hop out of the truck. Slamming
whatever poor creature met its demise, onto the sullied bed. I finally
knew where he was taking them, and to whom. The little girl who lived in
the all too deep garbage pit full of roadkill.

My father passed away when I turned 26. It was a shock to the whole
family. One day he was feeling fine, and the next, he just didn’t wake
up. He made sure to leave a note for me in his will. It was a list of
instructions, and a warning. 

“Always pick up the roadkill. Always dump it in the pit. NEVER go down
into the pit. If you get stuck down there, you’ll never make it back
up.” 

When Dad died, Jojo and Alan didn’t stick around for long. The stench
had grown so intense it started to waft towards the house any time a
breeze blew. Eventually, after haggling with some lawyers and the IRS, I
inherited the house I’d grown up in. I even drive my dad’s old truck,
bed covered in sun-baked blood. The roadkill game still flows through my
head as I drive, even if no one is here to play it with me. 

I’ve taken up my Dad’s job, throwing roadkill in the pit. The arm that
takes it has been growing along with me. No longer the size of a child,
but the size of an adult. 

The thing that’s down there is supposedly why my parents divorced when I
was one year-old. 

That thing down there…is supposed to be my twin sister. 
