 You know those screensavers your smart TV scrolls through when you’re
not using it? It’ll be pictures of flowers or canyons or beaches. Crazy
rock formations or whatever. 

 It cycles through them, seemingly randomly, and always has the
photographer labeled in the corner. You know what I mean right? 

 Did you know it’s not always random? Some companies have specific
orders, some photographers even pay just to have their photos used, like
most stuff it all boils down to money. 

 But if you ever, and I mean this, if you ever see one that doesn’t…
that doesn’t look right then turn your TV off. Throw it out the window,
burn it, toss it in a lake. If there’s no photographer labeled, or their
name is too familiar, or the picture is somewhere you know, toss the
fucking thing. 

 I’m speaking from experience, so trust me. But let me backtrack and
explain a little bit. 

 I had just gotten fired from my job, a job I really liked. It paid
well, I liked my coworkers, but my shitty boss fucked up and I paid for
it. Got blamed for something I didn’t do and ended up taking the brunt
of it. I was in shock, broken, dejected. I just laid in the dark of my
room, frozen. 

 After a few days I managed to turn on the TV on one morning and plug my
laptop in. I scrolled through TV shows and anime and documentaries and
movies, but I couldn’t bring myself to pick anything. 

 I ended up sliding my laptop to the side and just staring at the
screensavers cycling through on the smart TV. The pictures passed by
slowly, excruciatingly. I found myself almost entertained, waiting,
trying to guess when it would switch, trying to figure out the pattern,
or if there was any. 

 The day turned to night as I sat there, watching pictures on my TV swap
in and out. I managed to find a pattern for awhile, it would usually be
some sort of flower, then a beach, then a city, then a rock formation
whether it was a mountain or a canyon. 

 But a few hours after the sun had set, the pattern changed. When it
should have swapped to a flower, it turned into a foggy street, and the
photographer was named Ethel Sparks. 

 That shocked me for a second, that was the name of my first grade
teacher. Mrs. Sparks had been an eccentric Miss Frizzle type, minus the
bus, who loved to entertain her kids. At first I figured it had to be a
coincidence, and then I decided “no, actually I hope she got into
photography, good for her” and almost picked up my phone, for the first
time since I got fired, to google it. 

 Almost.

 Then it changed again. This time it was a well lit, large building. The
windows were illuminated in a visually pleasing array and framed
perfectly in the center of the photo. I was admiring the forethought it
took to notice something like that, when I realized two things. One.
there was no name for the photographer

 That was new, there was always a name. I had thought “there has to be a
name, there’s no way a name brand company is robbing people” and then I
remembered how awful my job had been and frowned, realizing there was
definitely a way. 

 I was about to make sure my old teacher hadn’t been robbed by this
company too, when I realized the second thing that was wrong with the
picture.

 I knew that building. I knew that building very well, in fact. I
squinted, finally getting off my bed for a reason other than to piss,
shit, or pick up doordashed fast food and alcohol. 

 In the corner, just barely visible, was me, heading into work. The
building was my old job, and I was even in this photo. 

 I laughed, I thought it was a crazy coincidence. After all, it’s not
like I was the subject of the photo, someone had clearly thought the
windows looked nice and I was just a casualty. 

 I laughed so long that I didn’t notice when the photo swapped. I wiped
the tears of mirth from my face and looked back up, making my heart
drop. 

 It was a man with a grizzled beard wearing a gray jump suit, staring at
me on the screen. I jumped back onto my bed, my blood thrumming in my
veins as my mind went into panic mode. The man didn’t move, he just
stared at me through the screensaver.

 I breathed heavily, holding my chest as my body registered that it was
just a picture. Was that supposed to be a joke by the programmer? You
sit long enough in the screen savers and his most terrifying selfie
shows up?

 I should have turned it off right then. I should have thrown my TV into
a lake and gone off the grid. But I was curious, I wanted to see the
next photo. 

 It felt like it took a lot longer to change. I sat there on the edge of
my bed, staring at the unkempt man for what felt like forever. Right
when I was about to grab my phone, and start a timer, the photo
changed. 

 It was a beautifully decorated classroom in golden, afternoon light.
Streamers and kids drawings and paintings illuminated the autumn colored
room. 

 Sitting at a desk was a middle aged woman with big laugh lines and even
bigger hair. 

 “Miss… Sparks…?”  I breathed out loud unconsciously. 

 As soon as I did the image swapped again, except it was just the angle,
lower and in a different corner. The photo still took place in the same
room, however this time Ethel wasn’t alone.

 The unkempt man was standing behind her and looking directly at the
camera, a bloodstained knife already in his hand. 

 “No… No… Ethel!” I called out, my unused voice sounding weak. 

 The image changed again, Ethel was slumped over her desk, blood
dripping onto the floor, and the unkempt man was crouching down to look
at the camera.

 I turned the TV off immediately, and puked into my bedside trash can. 

 I grabbed my phone, and started trying to find anything I could about
her being murdered.

 Nothing, in fact, it looked like she didn’t even teach anymore, she was
living with her new wife on a ranch in the country according to her
social media posts.

 “Good for her…” I breathed out a sigh of relief. I thought I had to be
imagining things. I had barely moved for days now, hadn’t left the
apartment complex at all. I must have given myself zoochosis or
something. 

 Or maybe not. I wanted to know for sure.

 I grabbed the remote, and I clicked the power button.

 There was no logo for the brand as it powered on, which should have
been my first hint. 

 The first picture it displayed was completely normal. One I had seen
before in fact, a close up of a daffodil. In fact the next ten images,
which passed by excruciatingly slowly, seemed to be totally normal. 

 Or at least I thought so. However on the eleventh I finally realized
there was something off. 

 In the top right corner of the image, barely even visible unless I got
up and looked right at the TV, was a strand of hair hanging down. 

 I furrowed my brow, trying to remember if that had been there the last
time, when the next image popped up.

 It was a field of sunflowers, one I had definitely seen before.
Sunflowers had been my moms favorite, so I remember taking a long look
at that image last time. 

 And I was positive there wasn’t supposed to be a figure in a gray
jumpsuit with its back turned towards me in the bottom left corner. The
lettering on the back of the fiigure’s jumpsuit was unreadable, and as I
tried to get a closer look, it’s head turned almost imperceptibly. 

 I took a quick step back, and the image changed again. This time a
beautiful lush canyon from the last rotation. Once again, at the top of
the screen, were strands of hair, this time coming down from the entire
length of the top of the screen. 

 I wanted to run, but where would I go? I had no family, no friends, my
old coworkers wanted nothing to do with me after I was blamed for things
going wrong, 

 I grabbed my head and pulled at my hair, slapped myself in the face a
few times. I got mad at myself, and then I got mad at the TV.

 “Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!” I closed my eyes and yelled to the
world. My upstairs neighbors pounded on the floor, their way of telling
me to keep it down back when I did things other than rot in bed.

 I tried to find the remote, I had left it on the front of the
entertainment system my TV rested on, but it was difficult with my eyes
shut. I scrambled around frantically trying to find it, before I
resigned myself to opening my eyes and seeing what awful thing the
screensavers might show me this time.

 When I opened my eyes, my blood froze. Hanging upside down with a wild
smile, was the unkempt man. His grin was impossible, his teeth were
bright white and too perfect, which didn’t match his scraggly
appearance. 

 Worse than that, he was holding something, and I recognized it
instantly. It was my remote. I looked down at the entertainment system,
realizing it wasn’t there, and back up.

 I watched the man wink, and click the power button. My TV turned off. 

 I sat back on my bed, and wrapped myself in blankets. The man had my
remote. Did that mean he could come back anytime, turn my TV on whenever
he wanted? 

 I laughed. I laughed and laughed and laughed, after all if that was his
master plan, I’d unplug the fucking thing. In fact, I threw on real,
clean clothes for the first time in almost a week, and carried the TV
downstairs. 

 I saw some teenagers throwing glass bottles around and just being
general hooligans. I thought I couldn’t be any luckier.

 “Hey!” I shouted and the kids froze up, eyes wide, realizing they could
be scolded. “Wait hold up, I don’t care about the bottles as long as you
sweep it up. I need a favor.”

 A tall kid with curly hair, clearly the defacto leader of the group,
stepped forward sizing me up.

 “Okay.. what…?”

 “My girlfriend cheated on me with the guy who owns this TV. I’ll give
you twenty bucks to split with your buddies if you beat the shit out of
this TV.” I held out the bill. Even with no job, twenty dollars seemed
worth it to me. 

 “Say less.” The kid snatched the money and the TV from my hands, and
immediately launched it at a wall. The screen shattered and the plastic
frame crumpled. I smiled warmly as I watched the kids have fun breaking
the damn thing. When they were done, I went back up to my room and
started applying to jobs. 

 I even got a pretty decent one, my interview was yesterday and I aced
it, but I have a feeling I won’t make it to orientation. 

 I never got around to setting a wallpaper on this thing, and I always
have multiple tabs going, so behind the work I was doing, my laptop had
been cycling through screensavers. Flowers and canyons and beaches and
forests were the backdrop to my cropped tabs.

 You see, I only started this post because I saw a strand of hair
hanging down from the top of my computer screen. 

 And now I have to go.

 Because his upside-down eyes are peeking over the tab right now.

 

 
 
 

 
 
