What are dreams?
So much thoughts have been put into this term to understand it. Yet
nobody has been able to give plausible explanation; no theory that can
be validated– no experiment that traces its origin.

Other than few electrical activities in brain, it’s a mystery.
An enigma.

A miracle.

From silly comedy to divine prophecy, its existence and importance
cannot be denied or diminished even.

I was one of them: those who don’t remember what they dream about. Those
who don’t try to find omen behind the puzzle, who don’t want to peek at
the future or be warned of an upcoming peril.

In other words, I was a very average man, who worked for tax department
as clerk and believed in numbers and formulas.

So, as you can have guessed I’m about to share a peculiar dream with
you.

It was a Friday night and I was very relaxed. I went to a bar with a
friend and had some pints before calling it night. Nothing strong.
Nothing too much.

Nothing that can blur fantasy from reality.

I dreamed very silly things at first. I can’t even recall few of them.

A colleague of mine, Brodie, asked me to sign up some papers and I did
an inverted sign and he’d smack his head and said, the boss would be
furious.

Silly stuff, like I said.
And then it changed.

It was like the image of Brodie distorted, like a bad reception of TV.
His face pixellated and the background changed into a dark blue room.

I felt surprise. Yes, I felt it as real it can get. In our dreams, we do
get feelings.
Feelings of urgency, of fear, of sadness…

So, before my eyes could get accustomed, my mind tried to make sense of
the situation. A small part of me thought I’d woken up but a larger part
nodded and confirmed my intuition about the broader picture.

It was a dream within a dream.

I looked around and the room was empty except an orange futon, a pitcher
and a glass on carpeted floor.
, and heavy brown draperies on the wall.

A charging cable was plucked to the socket near the futon and there was
no mobile.

Just then the door burst open and a woman walked in.

“Who are you…?” She seemed in a hurry.

I stared at her. My heartbeat accelerated.

She was no ordinary woman.

She was the most beautiful woman I’d seen in my life.

She was wearing a red evening gown and was in full make-up.

But something was off.

She looked like she had just witnessed something horrible and was in a
hurry to save something.

I looked at her manicured fingers with painted nails. She was holding a
paper.

She looked resigned at my dumbfounded expressions or perhaps she was
used to people being struck by her personality.

“Never mind,” she said. “I need you to do something.”

Then she took my hand.

A feeling of electricity passed through me at her touch.

“Before it’s too late.” She was saying

“What.”

“Take this to her.” She handed me the paper. “My days are numbered. They
suspect…” she shook her head. “They are after me.”

I was going to look at the paper but she took my face fiercely in her
hands and looked at me in the eyes.

“Can I depend on you, Jonah.”

“You know my name.” I whispered.

Her eyes went deep. “You will know. You will find out. But first, give
it to her. Tell her I’m sorry.”

And she took a step back and pushed me straight to the chest. I
staggered back and fell down.

My head was in the pillow.

I had woken up. I was in my dull brown room.

“Dammit,” I let out an anguished cry.

It was a dream.

Just a dream.

It was surreal.

The feelings.

The woman.

And the letter…was in my hands.

I stared at it.

It can’t be real, I thought. My befuddled mind raced through some
possibilities.

Perhaps, I was clutching the paper when I slept…Did I sign wrong?

Was I working when I slept?

But it was Friday.

I never take my work home.

It was the same page.

I took my glasses from my side table and smacked the lamp button on.

Few lines were typed.

Melissa Brown, please run when you see this. It’s your sister. They
know.I am sorry for everything. I don’t know where I am. I just wish you
never get here. Remember. Take the teddy with you. Very important.

Melanie.

I am sitting on my bed, trying to find a formula that can justify the
dream that I had and the material consequence in my hand.

How can this letter come to my hand?

Was it a dream or something else?

If the letter is real: then that woman–Melanie, is in some trouble and
so is her sister.

But what if it’s just a dream?

I am at loss. What should I do?
