(Short note: I’m fifteen and English is not my first language also this
is my first time writing a story here so give me all the feedback you
got. Also give me the criticism as long as it is constructive. Have fun
:D )

First of all, please for the love of God get away from all windows in
your house. Don’t close them or close the shutters, get. Away. From.
Them.

You’ll believe someday, maybe that day is today.

I remember that day, june 18th, a Monday so I was naturally annoyed at
everything that moved and half the things that didn’t. I sat in the back
of my class, not the last bench, but far enough in the back to not be
noticed by anyone unless they really tried.

I am a shy kid with absolutely zero social skills. So I just sit in the
back and talk with the few friends I have.

That was one such day where nothing eventful was happening. I sat in the
back bickering with my friends about classes and games and whatnot.

But i was on edge. I felt something i hadn’t ever felt, the feeling of
being watched. I turned around and tried to find the person doing this.

That’s when I saw… Her. A girl, sitting in the back. Not anyone i
recognised, but then again i didn’t know half the people in my class.

She was staring, not stealing glances but just staring downright. She
wasn’t blinking. Not moving either. She sat alone and just…. stared.

I tried to ignore her, thinking that she would stop if she noticed that
i didn’t care. She didn’t.

I went home and just started doing my work so that I could relax and get
a good night of sleep in. Then my day went along as usual. Night came. I
tried to sleep but the feeling crept back in.

I tried to sleep anyway but just couldn’t. Somehow the night went by
quickly, but I knew I didn’t sleep. So did everyone in my class that
day.

I sat quietly and tried to sleep. The girl was still looking at me. Her
stare felt like it was digging into my back. I couldn’t take it anymore.
I confronted her and she seemed normal. Not at all like the girl that
was staring at me. She told me it was just a prank, a dare and whatnot.
The usual excuse. She threw in a line ‘i like looking at you’.

I, ever the genius, took that as her being flirty.

Then again she was looking at me. The same dagger like state. The same
lifeless eyes that looked like they were taken off a corpse. I started
to feel sick.

That day i bunked school and went home early. Now the weakness was
noticeably worse. I could barely walk. I Went home and slept, that was
the only thing that i could think of as a solution to this.

But i couldn’t sleep.

I couldn’t move either. I felt like prey. Like a sitting duck. Then it
was suddenly night. I still felt that glare on me. She was still
watching. But, how could she?

Then I looked out the window. I still regret it. I saw… Her again still
watching, her eyes akin to a predator’s. Her face was stuck to the
glass. She was… She was smiling. An uncanny smile like an emulation of a
human smile. She was drooling.

I had never seen her smile before and I wish I never will.

I am writing this because I am terrified. I saw her smiling at me from
the window. I understood why i couldn’t get that feeling out of me. I
understood why i couldn’t sleep.i can still hear the thudding noise from
outside the window.

Every time you feel that you can’t sleep, wake up abruptly in the night
or feel someone… Something, watching, remember to close the damn
windows. and get the hell away.

Another thing i forgot to mention,

I live on the sixth floor.
