I am not much of a movie person, I haven’t watched many of the “must
see” hits nor do I know of many movie directors, so I was surprised to
receive an email invitation to be part of the test audience for a film
called “Shortcomings”, a new superhero movie from a company called
“Empacin”. I had not heard of them, but again, I wasn’t much of a
cinephile, so they could’ve been behind some great films for all I knew.
The synopsis read:

“Mr Diamond is a cat burglar who loves to steal anything and everything.
But his heist in a factory goes wrong when heroes Snakeman and Carpenter
come to save the night.”

It also mentioned that this screening was the launch of a new project
called “The Empathetic Experience”, which purported to make you feel how
the characters on screen felt like never before. “The ultimate empathy”
they called it. I was intrigued, and was in the mood to explore the
cinematic world, so I confirmed my place, and put the date in my
calendar.

A week later, that day arrived, and I was waiting in line to get into
the cinema. I gave the cashier at the box office my name, and was handed
a waiver and a NDA. I was never really a big fan of properly reading
documents, and I didn’t want to hold up the people in line behind me, so
I signed them both blindly and returned them to the cashier who looked
slightly amused. Once we were all inside the waiting area, a guide came
and we followed him up to the second floor, as he briefed us on the
experience.

“Okay guys, first of all, thank you all so much for coming. This really
means a lot to us here at Empacin. What you’re all about to experience
is something never before seen, that will test the limits of cinema, and
uhm well, the limits of your mind too! At Empacin, we believe that the
strongest way to empathise with others is to experience each other’s
experiences, so we created the empathetic experience - ha! Take a shot
every time I say experience!” 

The small crowd remained silent, and I tried to force a little pity
laugh, but no one else followed along. He continued, “no, I’m just
kidding of course! You’ll all want to be completely sober when watching
this, after all, empathy is weakened when you drink alcohol! I’m getting
a little off topic here, but the only three things you need to remember
are: 1. Do whatever the staff tells you to – even if you don’t really
want to – trust me, it’ll make the experience a bajillion times better.
2. At times during the screening, you may feel intuitively inclined to
do something – listen to that feeling! It’s there to guide you – but
make sure not to go against staff instructions, as they are much more
important. 3. The fire exits are on the left, so in the extremely
unlikely event of a fire, please walk out of the room in an orderly
manner.” We reached the entrance to the screen and he opened the door.
He gave a small bow, and said, “that’s all folks! Enjoy the experience!”

As we filtered into the screening room, we were each presented with a
small scrap of paper with our seat number on it. I sat on the middle
left side. Looking around, I noticed that we were all spread out, and
had at least a 4 seat gap between each other. I was then tapped on the
shoulder by a staff member.

“Excuse me ma’am, but please try to keep your eyes on the screen for the
duration of the screening, and avoid looking at the other audience
members,” she said quietly.

“Of course,” I said, “but when’s the screening going to start?”

“Please do not speak during the screening, ma’am,” she said, and I
nodded, “the film will begin shortly.” She pulled out a small box from
behind her back, and handed it to me. “Please only open this box once
you are instructed to.” she said. I smiled and nodded silently, putting
the box on the seat next to me. 

Just then, the lights dimmed and the screen lit up. The day’s date was
presented in green text on a black background. Then it changed to read
“SHORTCOMINGS”. 

It opened in a slow fade from black to a man wearing a blue suit covered
in a pattern of diamonds robbing a factory, with a few of his henchmen.
I supposed this was Mr Diamond, the cat burglar. Then suddenly, a man in
a green superhero suit with snakes all crawling around his arms burst
through the window, and threw his snakes around the room, each of which
flew onto the heads of Mr Diamond’s cronies, injecting their venom into
their skulls. Leaving him as the only one alive on his team. I guessed
that the snake thrower was Snakeman. Wide eyed, Mr Diamond fled through
the platforms and rooms, with Snakeman speeding closely behind. As Mr
Diamond ran into one of the rooms, he realised he had reached a dead
end, and Snakeman locked the door behind him as he entered the room. Now
Mr Diamond was trapped alone with Snakeman in a room with an empty glass
tank. 

In a swift motion, Snakeman picked up Mr Diamond and put him in the
glass tank, and shut the lid on top, putting one of his snakes in the
hole where a padlock would have gone to seal it shut. Mr Diamond
frantically pushed up at the glass lid, which prevented him from being
able to fully sit up comfortably. Snakeman, without saying a word,
turned a valve, which caused black liquid to start pouring into the tank
at an incredibly fast rate. 

Then a title card popped up, reading “Open the box”. I complied and
opened the box I had been given. Inside was a piece of tape, and
engraved on the inside of the lid read the words “please cover your
mouth and nose, making sure to keep a pocket of air inside”.

I put mine on, leaving a space of air between the middle of the tape and
my mouth and nostrils as instructed to. To my relief, I found that I
could still breathe. I continued to watch the screen, and saw the tank
continue to fill with that black liquid. Mr Diamond tried to keep a
smile on his face and splashed his hands around in the liquid – perhaps
to distract himself from his own fear. I found that the tape on my face
was starting to fill with the same black liquid. I tried my best to
resist touching it, as it felt like the right thing to do, and tried to
forget about it by focusing my attention on the film. As the liquid in
the tank rose higher and higher, so too did the amount of liquid in the
tape.

The liquid rose past his face. It seemed that all the air in the tape
had disappeared and it became impossible for me to breathe. I found that
there was black liquid sloshing around in front of my very eyes somehow.
It made my eyes sting slightly, but I made a conscious effort to keep
moving my head so the liquid would culminate in a different area, as I
desperately tried to keep watching the screen through the gaps. Mr
Diamond was putting his fingers through the gaps in the lid, desperately
trying to get out. When the snake holding the latch bit at his fingers,
he quickly brought them down, and started kicking at the glass sides
with his feet. With the black liquid obscuring his face, it was
impossible to see his expression, but I imagined that now, outside the
watchful eye of the audience, his smile had dropped and he was
terrified. 

It felt like an eternity had passed since I had last breathed, and I
started to worry for a bit that I would suffocate here. If I didn’t take
this tape off soon, it could actually kill me. But even if I wanted to
reach up to take it off, it felt so incredibly wrong, that I just
couldn’t bring myself to do it. I was intrigued by this new experience,
but there was a lingering fear that I couldn’t one-hundred percent trust
the staff, that if I started to die, they wouldn’t help me in any way. I
imagined that this was similar to how Mr Diamond felt towards Snakeman
in this situation. 

My mind told me that this was the power of the empathetic experience,
that one could truly feel the raw fear of the characters on screen like
never before. The power of empathy flooded my mind pushing out all the
unimportant stuff, and I felt like I was Mr Diamond, merely looking in
the mirror.

Suddenly on the screen, the tank burst, freeing Mr Diamond from his
trap. My hands ripped off the tape without me even thinking about it and
I gasped in fresh air, coughing. I felt very human when hearing a few
others around me do the same, but I didn’t dare look around at them.

The screen then went black and we were told by the staff that this was
the end of the first part. We’d have to wait a couple days for part two.
That was completely fine by me, as I had a lot to think about now after
this experience.

It was a strange experience to suffocate. You desperately try to breathe
in, but despite your attempts, it’s ultimately impossible, as there’s
nothing to inhale. It’s like approaching the void.

Complete absence. 

My head still dizzy with thoughts and lingering panic, I stumbled out of
the room and across to the cinema’s bar. I sat down and just ordered a
glass of water. I slumped over and held my head in my hands as I tried
to calm down. 

I felt a hand on my shoulder and immediately turned around. There was a
woman slightly older than me smiling warmly. She sat on the stool next
to me.

“Are you okay,” she said with slight worry in her eyes. I immediately
sat up straight, not wanting to make a fuss. 

“Yes, yes I’m perfectly fine, thank you!” I said, laughing slightly at
my own ridiculousness. 

“So what did you think?” She asked, resting her head on one hand. 

“I’ve never experienced something like that before,” I said, “I’m not
sure if I liked it or not. On one hand it was a very terrifying
experience, but on the other hand, I’ve never connected to a character
more than I did with Mr Diamond just then.” She nodded, and thought for
a moment.

“It usually takes at least a few hours to days to fully come to grips
with the full weight of empathy,” she smiled again, “this experience has
been quite divisive so far, but all great innovations have started this
way I suppose. For every believer I have, there are thousands who push
back against it, calling it dangerous, unnecessary, unartistic. The last
one hurts the most.” she let out a small pathetic laugh. I tried to
smile, noticing that she had referred to the believers as hers.

“Are you-”

“Am I the director? Somewhat, yes,” she said, looking down as if
embarrassed, yet I could see that she was smiling smugly.

“Wow,” I said in awe. I was in the presence of someone who created…
that. “How did you even think of this? And may I ask about the water
around my eyes, and even just the water in the tape, how was that
possible?” She laughed and quickly looked around the room.

“Do you want to go to a proper bar, and I’ll tell you all about it
there?” she asked, resting her hand on mine.

“Uhh, sure!” I said. She pulled out her phone and typed “bar” into
google maps. That felt a little strange, but perhaps she was unfamiliar
with the area. She then selected one called “Bar” that had no pictures
nor reviews. I felt a little nervous at this, and didn’t particularly
want to go anymore. She stood up and started to walk, but turned around
when she noticed I wasn’t following.

“Aren’t you coming?” she said in a tone that felt both encouraging and
disappointed at the same time. There was something about her that made
it feel sacrilegious to go against her. So I got up, despite my
reservations, and trailed behind her. My heart pounding in my chest with
every step I took. As we rounded a corner, I saw my opportunity, and
fought against my body to walk into the stairwell, closing the door
behind me and running down the stairs and out of the building. 

As I walked out into the night, I expected to see her following behind
me, but instead I looked up and saw her in the second storey window,
shaking her head displeased. However I didn’t take any chances so I ran
back home, and fell asleep almost instantly. 

The next day, I had to do a teambuilding activity for work, where we had
to build a raft out of sticks and old clothes. The entire time I was
building, all I could think about was the events of the movie. They
played through my head, consuming anything else that tried to make an
appearance. At times I felt like I could still feel the tape around my
mouth, the water in my eyes, and the suffocation. My hands worked on
their own to make the raft, as my mind spun around, lost in the feelings
of helplessness.

When I arrived home, I was wet and shivering – I supposed I had fallen
in the lake we were rafting in. I wasn’t really sure. The events of the
day were all a blur. All of my thoughts were consumed by Mr Diamond. I
was considering cleaning myself up, when I suddenly got a notification
for an email titled “Shortcomings: Part II”. I quickly pulled out my
laptop and sat on the ground. I pressed play, wondering why the video
was sent to me rather than getting another invitation to the cinema. 

The video opened to Mr Diamond sitting on a chair in the middle of a
room. It seemed that he had been caught by Snakeman and another man in a
warehouse. The man I supposed had to be Carpenter, due to him being the
only other named character in the synopsis, was staring down Mr Diamond,
with a cruel look in his eyes, and Mr Diamond was trying to smile in
order to not look afraid. 

Snakeman merely stood on the side of the room with his arms crossed,
watching the pair of them with an unreadable expression. Then, Carpenter
pulled out a large, sharp-looking saw, and pointed it at Mr Diamond. Mr
Diamond attempted to keep smiling, but you could see him trembling in
fear. That same hopeless fear that I’d had the privilege of experiencing
at the cinema.

Striking with the saw, Carpenter sliced off Mr Diamond’s left hand. Mr
Diamond cried in pain for a second, but tried to cover it with a laugh.
But I had heard; I knew that even he was not immune to such pain.
Suddenly, my own left hand started to throb in pain, and I cried out, as
I slowly lost all control over it, but still, I kept my eyes fixed on
the screen.

Snakeman still stood there, petting the snakes coiled around him
occasionally, with the same expression on his face. Carpenter’s face was
interesting – he was trying to keep a poker face of clinical detachment,
but there was a sinister smile poking at the corners of his mouth. Like
he was enjoying this, like he was finally getting to do the thing he had
always wanted to do. It made me feel sick.

Then Mr Diamond stood up. At first I was unsure of the purpose of this,
but quickly realised that he still had a small hope about him that he
could escape. In a sharp swipe, Carpenter sliced Mr Diamond clean in
half, rendering his legs useless, and his escape impossible. The upper
half of Mr Diamond was now hyperventilating, but still laughing, now
with tears in his eyes. 

I wondered what compelled Carpenter to act with such cruelty. To destroy
Mr Diamond in such a brutal way. To make him feel utterly helpless,
entirely at the mercy of someone who wanted him to suffer as much as
possible. What could possibly have led Carpenter down this path of
extreme violence? I wasn’t sure, but I truly felt physically sick just
thinking about how Mr Diamond must have felt. 

Worse than that, my torso started to feel immense pain, and I lost
control of my legs too. I writhed around on the ground screaming, but I
never took my eyes off the film. I couldn’t, and deep in my mind, I
didn’t want to.

Then Snakeman walked towards the camera as the other two watched in
silence, gave a small wave to the camera, and pressed a button. The
video cut to black, and suddenly the pain I felt disappeared. I wasn’t
sure how this impossibility was occurring. How I seemed to magically
feel the pain that Mr Diamond was feeling – but seemingly only when I
watched it. But I wasn’t willing to watch it again to test that theory.

I didn’t have much time to dwell on it, as moments later, I received
another email titled “The Empathetic Experience will unfortunately be
discontinued”. It read:

“Dearest test audience,

We appreciate the time you have set aside to experience our innovations
in cinema and empathy. The importance of such a project cannot be
understated, so we will be eternally grateful for your participation.
Unfortunately, due to lack of popular demand, relevant funding, and a
large amount of public backlash, we have been forced to put The
Empathetic Experience on permanent halt for the foreseeable future. We
apologise for any disappointment this may have caused, and we thank you
for your understanding.

Kindest regards, 

The Empacin Team

PS: Any information you may read about audience members being seriously
or fatally harmed during screenings are all hearsay, and such claims do
not hold up in a court of law. Please note that legal action will be
taken against any attempts to falsely slander the image of Empacin
Studios. We appreciate your compliance.”

I didn’t know how to feel reading that. But ultimately I didn’t care,
all the power in my mind was being used to think about Mr Diamond, and
his fear. It made me feel utterly helpless, and for the next couple of
days I couldn’t move or think about anything other than Mr Diamond’s
fear. I could only stare at the ground, absolutely terrified. 

Eventually, after a couple weeks of rest and some helpful visits from
friends and family, I started to feel a bit more normal. I didn’t tell
anyone else about Empacin or Shortcomings or Mr Diamond. I didn’t want
them to think I’m crazy or something. 

I’m back to my usual self now. Mostly. I still think about Mr Diamond a
lot, and when I do, his feelings start to infect me like they did
before. But it’s much less frequent now, so I suppose that that’s good.
I deleted the video from my laptop, in case I ever get tempted to watch
it again for whatever reason, I never want to experience that pain I
felt again.

I’ve been trying to research Empacin Studios, but outside of their
emails to me, I can’t find any information about them, nor does the
cinema’s website ever mention them or Shortcomings. Now that I’ve
deleted the video and their emails, I have no physical evidence of them
existing anymore. Sometimes it feels like it never existed, that film.
But deep down, I know it did. I know that I have felt true empathy.
