Apparently even people who are not not murder suspects aren’t supposed
to “leave town.” It was an honest mistake.

They stopped short of harassment this time. I got this idea to meet them
at the door and pretend I was streaming live and made a big show of it.
I’m glad they didn’t call my buff because all I had was the regular
camera app open.

Maybe I need to start a bunch of fake accounts and leave them in a
channel on DC. I can vibe code a bot to make them say shit when I enter
the chat and start streaming. Just in case the cops catch a glimpse of
my screen.

That’s probably that kind of attention to detail that put them onto me
in the first place. I mean, I didn’t even know the people who died.
Tenuous connections to the victims but enough to raise an eyebrow for
some desperate piggies with the mayor of Louisville—and the very real
possibility of governors from 8 states and a truck load of feds soon to
follow—breathing down their necks.

At this point you might be thinking to yourself—I know I would and I’m
not any brighter than the next redditor—“Self, he said he his connection
to the victims was ‘tenuous.’ This seems to be linked to cases across a
number of states. How many is he linked to?”

Therein lies the rub. It’s all of them.

Also, the connection might be a little more concrete than I let on. My
number was found in the address book of each of the victims.

Luckily, that’s what the attorney I got a free consultation with called
“circumstantial evidence.”

Sadly though, I can’t exactly exonerate myself from a studio apartment
in Louisville, KY when 19 of the 22 victims are from out of state.

That was the whole reason for my little jaunt to Georgia. Was it a lot
farther than Ohio or Indiana? Sure. But it’s also the state where the
first body was found. And the body also happens to have been found in
the sticks. And the crime scene is also known publicly. My chances of
getting access to a two-year old crime scene that’s not even a crime
scene anymore were a lot better than anywhere this guy touched down in
his six month spree through the South and South adjacent.

The cops are going to have a real conniption when I go to Florida.

So, why am I posting any of this? It doesn’t really paint me in the best
light. I guess I’m hoping there are enough people here that take an
interest, even if it’s morbid, even if they don’t really believe what
I’m writing. And maybe they look at something and see something I don’t.

We’ve crowd sourced our health care, why not a legal defense?

So, this is my formal introduction. Welcome to the case amateur
~~sloths~~ sleuths and curiosity seekers. Come one, come all. I hope
you’ll stick with me to the end, or an end, bitter, better, or butter.

IiK (Innocent in Kentucky)

EDIT: I know I didn’t post anything from Georgia but I drove all night
to get home then had to deal with two police detectives. It’s now past 7
am in the morning and all I want to do is sleep. And it’s Mother’s Day
weekend on top of that. I wonder what my mom thinks of all this, like
honestly.
