Hey Reddit,

Hoping you can help? I’ve been living in my current apartment for two
years and just signed a lease for a third (they upped my rent again
though, it’s a whole thing). The apartment is in a less-than-nice but
still OK neighbourhood because I wanted to be able to afford a bigger
place by myself; the result being I live in a slightly old (maybe 70s)
apartment block in a cheaper part of town, but the apartment is an
affordable two bedrooms with two floors and a full kitchen laundry!

For further BG (you can skip this paragraph if you want, just thought a
visual layout would be good) – the apartment block is laid out in a row
identically; so each apartment is two floors with a front door facing
out into a row of parking spots (each apartment has its own parking spot
in front directly), there’s maybe 14 in a row. I’m the furthest south to
the street on the corner. Behind the apartments is a small ‘yard’ for
each apartment backing into a tall fence but no fence dividing the
apartment’s courtyards (so essentially just one long yard for all 14
apartments in the few feet of space between the fence and building). I
drew a terrible diagram which you don’t really need for the story:
diagram of apartments

Anyway. The last month starting in the first few week of August, I’ve
been coming home from work (I work long hours due to a big commute – I’m
gone from 7.30, back maybe 6.45PM) and I noticed that a mug was in the
sink uncleaned. I don’t leave dirty dishes in the sink before work due
to vermin, and the mug wasn’t one of the ones in the drying rack (where
I’d normally grab any cups or mugs from as its right there). It was from
within the kitchen cupboard, a branded mug from a previous holiday. It
didn’t smell like anything aside from water had been drunk from it so I
chalked it up to maybe I’d grabbed some tapwater waking from sleep the
night before and never remembered it. (Please remember - I live alone,
gratefully, so there’s no chance housemates or whatever did this).

A week or a bit less later, a blanket I fold I up on my sofa was lazily
unravelled and laid across the sofa cushions when I came home. I
wouldn’t leave it like that and the blanket is used mostly for
decoration (I actually use it on the sofa folded up, along with some
throw cushions, to cover a stain). The couch cushions had fallen onto
the ground.

For cultural context, I’d had a property inspection the week or two
before (I’ve since checked dates) - where I live if you rent via a real
estate agency, the real estate agency is allowed to conduct I think
quarterly ‘inspections’ of your house to make sure it’s not damaged.
People hate them, but for the most part real estate agents are just
making sure you’re not running a meth lab out of your home or haven’t
destroyed it. They’re not there to check if it’s tidy or clean although
lots of people feel the need to clean before one. I’m never home for
mine and I assume neither are most people as they happen during work
hours, but my point is that you become accustomed to allowing relative
strangers into your home somewhat reguarly (the RE – real estate – keeps
a master set of your keys).

On some occasions I’ve forgotten an inspection is planned and only
realised when I got home and the “we visited!” business card from my RE
is in the door, and I panic that I left something embarrassing out. So
on this second occasion I sort of mixed up my memories of the recent
inspection and just figured either the RE had been very intense in their
inspection or my attempts to ready the house for it had meant I’d messed
up the sofa.

I can’t remember the specifics of every example because most of them are
tiny – lamps left on when I usually make sure I turn them off before
work, plug in glade air fresheners turned on (another thing I always
turn off due to fire risk), finding the toilet paper roll holder open
and spilled. It was only that last week of August I started considering
truly something weird was happening. I began ensuring I locked both the
internal and external sliding door before I left, the back door, and
fully shut all windows and screens. I didn’t want to sound crazy so I
didn’t say why, but I spoke to my neighbour whom is the only one I have
a relationship with and asked them if they could keep an eye on my house
during the day (they work from home). They agreed but sort of side-eyed
me.

More small examples I saw since – the TV remote not on the side table
where I leave but instead in the couch cushion, as if someone had
dropped it, creases on my bed linen as if someone were laying in it – I
recently started fully making my bed before work just for aesthetics’
sake, I never used to bother (I live alone!).

I even considered I had one of those situations where someone like lives
in my attic and comes down when I’m gone – I checked literally every
crevasse and point within the apartment. Where I live, full attics are
uncommon and the building I’m in would have, at most, a crawlspace not
even big enough for a cat to stand in between the ceiling and roof
insulation, and there’s no way to access it from my apartment. There’s a
slight gap between the indoor electricity breaker and inner wall where I
guess a particularly small human could stand up straight if they had a
way, but the only way “in” would be via unpeeling the carpet from under
a closet upstairs, dropping down, and somehow re-applying the carpet
above you and closing the closet. Then I think you’d be stuck. (This is
hard to visual – another diagram).

In the gap between me noticing this and now I’ve had a few more small
incidents:

-   Plates and cups in the sink that I didn’t use, again – never with
    food stains I can recognise, as if they’ve been precleaned
-   More movement of smaller stuff – the decorations on the couch either
    got thrown about or moved obviously twice this last week
-   I’ve started making my bed as tightly as possible – three times this
    week I’ve come home and it’s look like someone’s laid on it.

At night when I’m here alone I see or hear nothing despite being
obviously terrified on high alert – I like knowing the neighbour I speak
to is so close by at least. Aside from them I’ve only told the property
management and I had to phrase that in a way that didn’t make me sound
insane, I just asked them to send tradespeople to look at home security.

The biggest thing is something that happened yesterday which requires
some explanation.

I have a food pantry and I use a closed container in the top layer of
the pantry to store pharmaceuticals – prescriptions, OTC pain meds,
bandaids etc. I came home to find that the container had been opened and
the contents had been strewn through the pantry. There was no rhyme or
reason – band-aids on the floor of the pantry, panadol (acetaminophen)
pills throughout the pantry, old antibiotics shoved behind a cereal
container. I wish I’d taken a photo but it was so senseless it would be
meaningless.

My door locks are never screwed with, I’ve never come home to an
unlocked front or back door nor are my windows ever evidently been
opened or jammed or anything like that. All my windows and door have
security screen which, if they’d been forcefully opened, should show
evidence of it in the screen.

Before you ask – I live in Australia and we don’t have heating so this
isn’t some ‘carbon monoxide’ poisoning deal, the only temp control I
have is a ceiling fan and a downstairs split system air conditioner I
don’t really use. I could be going crazy, I guess, but the rest of my
life is unaffected. I’ve google schizophrenia symptoms and I’m not
hearing things or command voices or anything; I work in the field and
it;;s unusual for someone my age to suddenly develop delusional beliefs
, usually happens earlier, unless they’re using meth or drugs (I’m not).

So, yeah. I have some plans with the property management and I haven’t
heard anything from my neighbour. I’m sleeping in fits and I’m thinking
about it daily now, to the point that I’m considering some sort of home
CCTV system. I’m probably a few hours from calling a friend, who’ll tell
me to call the police, so I don’t know how that will pan out. But there
you go.
