Part 2

​

Has anyone had any similar experiences? Me and my friend Sam decided to
go on a vacation to Colorado. We recorded plenty of videos, because it’s
not every day you go to Colorado. Looking back, I should have noticed
that something was up.

​

His weird behavior started around 4 days after we went into the
mountains. But personally, I noticed stuff that he chalked up to “nature
stuff.” First off, we saw a weird creature running around. It looked
sort of humanoid? But I saw antlers, so I thought it was just a moose or
deer.

​

Later in the same day, we saw a red patch in the snow. We decided to
reach into the snow to grab whatever was in there, and he pulled out a
deer’s leg. Strangely, we couldn’t find the rest of the deer anywhere
near. I chalked it up to a wolf just being a sloppy eater.

​

The next day, we found something even weirder. Another hiker saw us, and
whipped out a knife. It didn’t look like it was made of steel, or any
common metal. It honestly looked like silver, but there’s no way anyone
would sanely make a silver knife when you can just use a cheaper
material. He stared at us for a couple seconds, but eventually put his
knife away.

​

I was relieved, I thought he would rob us for sure. But I waved at him,
and he waved back. Sam laughed once we were far away, but I just told
him to stop and think. “He may be following us!” I told him. Sam just
laughed harder. After a bit, he eventually calmed down.

​

We kept walking, but I couldn’t shake off the feeling of being watched.
I kept looking behind me, but I saw nothing. One time I thought I saw
something disappear behind a tree, but I shrugged it off. As I looked
ahead, Sam gasped.

​

“Look behind you.”

​

I whipped around, and saw the guy from earlier. He handed me a piece of
paper and walked away. The piece of paper said the following.

​

“Rabid deer have been sighted around Colorado. Avoid AT ALL COSTS, NO
MATTER WHAT. If you get bitten, you may get rabies, or other animal
transmitted diseases. Remember: AVOID AT ALL COSTS.”

​

We decided to head back to the cabin we rented, but we heard a weird
grinding noise. We saw a deer staring us down, and then continued
whatever it was doing. It started scraping a rock with its antler. It
looked at us again, and started foaming at the mouth. It started walking
towards us, and we bolted. We heard it behind us, screeching.

​

Fortunately, Sam had a water bottle. He threw it at the deer, presumably
infected with rabies. I think this because the water bottle snapped in
half, pouring water all over the deer. The deer stopped in its tracks,
and fell over in the snow. It looked scared of the water, like rabies
infected animals do, but it looked more like it was… I know this sounds
stupid, but hear me out. The deer KNEW that animals infected with rabies
were hydrophobic, and it looked like someone acting a part.

​

I looked at it, and it stared at me with pure, undiluted hate in its
eyes. We walked back to the cabin. At night, we heard scraping on the
walls. I tried to call 911, animal control, anyone, but my cell service
sucked.

​

We locked all the doors and windows, and went to bed. We didn’t have any
weapons, so we slept in shifts. We didn’t want a rabid deer getting in,
biting us, and causing us a slow, painful, death.

​

We woke up the 4th day, checked each other for bites, nothing. We
decided to hike down the mountain, to a local camping store. We got
guns, bear spray, bullets, and knives. We also got some hot dogs.

​

Since we’d stocked up on weapons, we decided to go hiking, armed this
time. We saw a deer looking around our cabin. It was foaming at the
mouth, and its antler seemed whittled down. We shot at it, and our
bullets connected. It turned around, and reared up on its hind legs. Sam
screamed and threw his knife at it.

​

The knife stuck into the deer’s head, causing it to recoil. It walked
away, and seemed to be taunting us, begging us to shoot it. Its head was
constantly facing me. I wanted so badly to shoot it, but that wouldn’t
harm it.

​

We contemplated leaving, but it was getting dark, and a dark cloud was
approaching. That meant more snow, so we decided to stay one more night.
That was a huge mistake. I think that was why Sam caught rabies, or
Zombie disease, or whatever happened.

​

The deer came back, and it started making a noise. Sniff. Sniff. Sniff.
The sniffs increased in speed until they sounded like demonic laughing.
It started slamming itself into our window. We quickly placed everything
we could to cover it. We covered everything we could. We huddled near
the fireplace, waiting for a cold rush of wind and snow to cover the
window, and block the deer.

​

But the snow never came.

​

I wish the snow had.

​

Truth be told, I always loved the snow. But in that moment, I loved it
more. I begged it to come, to kill the deer. To protect us. I didn’t
care that we might die. I just wanted that horrifying deer carrying
that… abomination of a disease to die in a pit of snow. The snow didn’t
come.

​

We barricaded the door. We didn’t think we’d survive. We decided to
sleep in shifts again, so we could at least make the night feel a bit
faster. I was asleep when I heard it. Glass shattering, and a scream
from the living room. I heard something that sounded like paper tearing,
and Sam screamed loud as he could.

​

I ran into the living room. The deer was gone. Sam was okay. Sam was
white as a ghost. I decided to look outside. No deer. I looked at the
black cloud. Past us. I pulled Sam into the car by force, and headed
home.

​

After a long drive of Sam never talking, we got home. I dropped him off,
and headed to my apartment. I walked in, and collapsed on the bed. I
finally got some sleep.

​

In the morning, I texted Sam asking him why he was screaming. No answer.
I called him. He answered, but he just kept breathing. He never answered
anything.

​

I turned on the news, and was shocked.

“Two human bodies were discovered in the Denver mountains. One seems to
have been dead a long time, due to its skin decaying away and its teeth
being ripped out, but the other one is fresh. Dead by a self-inflicted
wound, with the knife still in his throat. We have identified the fresh
one, but due to the other one’s teeth being ripped out, we cannot
determine their identity.”

The news showed a picture of the identified corpse. It was the guy with
the knife. I went to Sam’s apartment to tell him what had happened, but
the door was wide open. Everything in his room was destroyed. Muddy
footprints went towards the road. A note was in the room.

“Be back soon!”

Did anything similar to this happen to anyone else you know? If so,
please tell me. Because the police haven’t found Sam yet.
