I’m not into camping that much but since it was a short break before our
next semester at the University and my friends invited me, so, yeah, why
not? It’s good to go out with your good friends.

So, we arrived there. Me and my friends. I’ll call them A, B and C for
simplicity. It was campsite near the lake. Nothing too fancy. Just a
campsite on the flat ground in the middle of the crowded trees with a
toilet near it. You have to walk down the trail a little bit to see the
lake.

Even that, the lake is…well…a lake. Clean, calm lake. It’s not crystal
blue, heavenly lake by any means but at least it’s a nice, calming view.
That’s what we need after one hell of a semester we went through.
Besides, it’s cheap and quiet. Not many people coming here anyway which
is good for bunch of introverts like us.

C joked while setting up a chair that maybe we’ll see Nessie.

‘Nessie is in Scotland, dummy,’ said B

‘Well, possibility is endless. Maybe global warming caused them to move
here’ C continued

‘You said like they gonna catch a flight or hitchhike all the way here’
A chuckled

‘Possibility is endless’ C insisted

‘That’s impossible’ I interjected ‘Yeti is more likely to do so’

Now, they looked at me funny.

I told you we’re good friends.

That day, we were just chilling. I took several pictures of scenery, B
and C went swimming in the lake, and A, an action dude himself, went out
to gather some woods for campfire and BBQ. We took portable gas stove
with us but C insisted that we should do some authentic camping thing at
least once.

After A was done, he then joined me while I was walking through the
woods, taking pictures. We were chatting about random stuffs that came
to our mind at that moment when A just stopped and looking at something.

I followed his gaze. I don’t know why I didn’t notice that at first.
Maybe I was too focused on our conversation or I was just stupid.
Because there is no way you missed that thing.

We saw trees, lots of trees, getting torn to shreds like some maniac
drove earthmover straight through them.

Normally, that’s not a weird thing to see because storm could do that.
But I’m sure, at least in my dumb understanding of nature, that storm
wouldn’t torn off trees in a way that it resembles a messed-up pathway
like that. The trees surrounding those shredded woods were undisturbed.
Only certain parts of that woods that got demolished in straight line.
Like whoever did this tried to make the pathway. That’s the closest
comparison I could come up with.

Then A walked towards those broken trees, kneeled down and look at
something on the ground. I stepped close to him to see what it was.

From what we can see, they were footprints. Big footprints that belong
to something that probably has three claws. Like bird claws or dinosaur
footprints. The depth of each prints told us that whatever that thing
is, it’s both huge and heavy.

We don’t know what it is. It doesn’t matter. The fact that it was a big
animal, probably carnivorous too, is concerning enough.

‘Let’s get out of here, man’ A finally said something.

I’ve never agreed more.

After that, we went back to the campsite. B and C were already dried
themselves up and sitting there, unpacking food and preparing barbeque.

We told them what we’ve found. B looked concerned. C’s eyes lit up like
a kid when he heard that.

‘You think it was….’ C started to talk when B cut him off

‘No, dude. It’s not bigfoot. Or even Nessie. Don’t be silly’

‘Whatever it is, we gotta be very careful,’ said A.

‘So, hiking is out of plan?’ I asked

‘We’ll see.’

That night, we went to sleep. The boss himself stayed up late than other
because he was busy keeping the fire lit up.

It took me sometimes to fell asleep because it was such an unfamiliar
place. Eventually, after A snuck back into a tent, I finally dozed off.

The next morning, I woke up, tired. I didn’t really rest that night. I
did fell asleep. But I remembered, vividly, that I dreamt the weirdest
shit ever. I barely remember what I saw. But it scared me to the core
even after I fully awake. Even the realization of the absurdity that you
get after waking up from weird dream like that couldn’t wash it away.

We sat in front of our tents for breakfast. I noticed that even B and C
looked tired. Not even C’s homemade sandwich he prepared himself could
cheered him up.

‘I got the most fucked up dream last night, man,’ said C

‘Yeah, me too,’ said B

We all look at each other like ‘you did too?’

‘What was it like?’ I asked

C then told us.

‘I can’t remember that well, man. But, like, the ground was hot as fuck.
Like molten lava or something. And this figure. Holy shit, man. That
thing. That shit isn’t from this earth, man. That tall, black thing. It
was almost human but no human can look that fucked up but there is no
way that thing is animal either because animal can’t live with body like
that’

That description hit me, probably all of us, like a train.

That black, absurd thing he described. I finally remembered what I saw
in my dream.

‘I think I had similar dream’ I said

B and A nodded.

‘So….what should we do now?’ I asked

‘We should not think too much about it.’ A finally speaks ‘It might be
our unfamiliarity with the place. Strange place can do that to you.
It’ll get better.’

He then pulled out his phone, turned on aerobics video then put it on a
small stool.

‘Let’s stretch those nightmares away, shall we?’

Aerobics did help. For that moment, at least.

We went hiking in the wood that morning. Not the same way I saw
footprints and torn up trees, of course.

It wasn’t a steep or challenging trails by any means. It was more like a
chill walk. We were chit-chatting and joking along the way. Keeping our
spirits up. At that moment, we totally forgot about our nightmare.

That was until smells hit us. It pierced our senses like we got hot nail
shoved through our noses. Caused us to stop walking and cough.

‘What the fuck was that?’ B yelled

That shit smelled like burnt chemical and rotten meat combined. It was
so bad that we teared up.

C, somehow, decided to go forward to see what caused it.

We told him to stop because we don’t know what it was yet and we should
let the park ranger deal with it. C, however, insisted that he should go
take a look so park rangers wouldn’t think we were high and pranking
them.

He walked for like few meters before he stopped, looking to his right
side, which is deep into the forest, and stood there, stunned for good
seconds.

‘Dude, what do you see?’ A asked him while covering his nose.

C didn’t answer so we walked to him to see what happened.

We were left stunned.

That area of the woods got fucked up. Like, totally destroyed. It was
like what I saw with A the day before but this time, it seems worse. It
wasn’t resembled pathway anymore. It feels more chaotic. Like whatever
did this was full of anger.

Then, B pointed at something. He looked confused.

‘Is that a handprint?’

It was indeed a handprint. Handprints, to be exact. And we recognized
them as handprints is because they indeed looked like human hands. Just
way bigger. Almost as big as footprints I saw. They were pressed deep on
the ground close to footprints.

B said that this thing must be walking like chimpanzees. Sometimes on
all four but sometimes on two legs. He said that because the tracks we
saw the day before has no handprints.

When we realized there were handprints, it was like my brain started to
see some new pattern on carnage before us. Like something just clicked.

Those trees. They seem to be ‘arranged’. They were stabbed onto the
ground and placed on each other like a dome or ‘letters’. Like those
runes you see in old scripture but more rough and more simplified.

‘I…uh….let’s get the fuck out of here’

That was the rare time that I was the person with the best idea of the
group. We booked it out of there immediately.

As soon as we reached the campsite, we started packing as fast as we
could. There is no way we gonna stay there after seeing that. Who knows
what kind of animal or creature that roaming near us.

We thrown our stuffs into the back of the car when, suddenly, the
loudest screaming cracked through the air. It was like nothing we’ve
ever heard before. It was like ten, even hundreds of either people or
animals screaming at the same time. It makes our ears rang for almost a
minute.

‘What the fuck, man? Sounds like fucking warzone or something’ C yelled

We weren’t bothered to find out what it was. No one with brain would try
to find out the answer when they saw tress behind them started moving
wildly like what we saw. We jumped into the car. A started engine and
get the hell out of there as fast as possible. Screw speed limit. No one
cared about that anymore after there was a deafening scream behind us.

We later told park rangers what we’ve encountered. We didn’t tell them
that it was a monster or anything like that. We just said it might be
very dangerous animal.

The rangers seem to be familiar with this thing. At least one or two of
them are. I heard one of them told the other ‘I thought we dealt with it
already’ or something like that.

Save to say, if we plan to go for a trip next time, it won’t be camping.
