It’s been happening ever since I was ten.

I had been over at a friend’s for the weekend as children do and we will
name this friend Zoey.

Zoey lived on a ranch on the Arizona/Mexico border. Behind the barn
there was an old swing set with a slide.

I had wondered off outside and ended up at this playlet and saw a little
boy around my age. He had brown curly hair and freckles across his nose
and cheeks, your average, normal kid.

But, his eyes were different. When he looked at you, it almost looked
like he was looking beyond you, almost as if he could see through you.

I was quite the friendly child at the time, so, naturally I tried to
strike up conversation with him on the play set.

“Why are you here? I mean, you won’t get in trouble if you’re worried
about that, I’m just asking because my friend lives here.” I said, my
voice playing out smoothly and tenderly.

Though, he did not reply.

He just stared as if I were an invisible ghost to him.

“Well…I guess I’ll see you around then?”I spoke again, this time more
gently. The kind part of childhood me still had a periwinkle of hope
that I could become friends with him and get a response out of the
fragile little boy in front of me, but he still said nothing.

Finally, after a few awkward moments of the boy staring at me with an
odd intestacy, I turned my back and left the abandoned play set.

When I mentioned this to Zoey’s parents, they exchanged an odd look with
each other then looked my way with fake sympathy and spoke.
“Sweetheart,” Zoey’s mom started, “there’s nobody around these hills in
a ten mile radius…” then her dad picked up where her mom left off.
“Meaning you probably saw nobody or it was just your imagination, but
we’ll check the area tomorrow morning, okay?”

I nodded with new confusion and concern. At the time, I had no clue how
big of a problem this would be for me in the future.

The next morning, me, Zoey, and the rest of her family gathered at the
old abandoned play set. But, instead of footprints in the dusty dirt, we
found claw marks everywhere.

All over the old, rotten wood on the side of the slide, up the sides,
everywhere really. There were also prints in the dust that looked like a
bear mixed with a human.

That night, I was in Zoey’s guest room and I was awoken by scratching at
the window.

A few years later, I walked into the forest behind my uncles house. I
found it often soothing when I was there, for as I didn’t have nature on
my street in LA.

I was familiar with the paths, so I had no trouble getting around. I
normally hung around a creek at the base of a small hill in a clearing.
When I got there this time though, something was there.

This creature with twisted flesh and matted fur. It stared at me with
glowing eyes, but it had the same exact gaze as that little boy had
years ago.

I shot backwards, sprinting my way out of the woods, crashing through
the brush. When I got home that night, I couldn’t sleep. I got up once
to get some water and right as I rounded the corner, in the window I
could see those same vast red eyes.

Now, in my adult years, I have forgotten about these incidents until
just now.

I awoke in a strange manner early this morning. I got up to take some
medicine and I passed this same window. I grabbed the pill bottle and
popped one of my nerve pills and gazed at the window, but as I did, I
suddenly dropped the pill bottle from what I saw.

The little boy from all those years ago was at my window, smiling. But
something was different.

His eyes were the same as the torn flesh animal I saw at my uncle’s
property a few years back.
