I had no idea just how much blood was in the human body. Not until I
found a dead one.

Like I knew it was a lot but damn…

You don’t realize just how much it is until you see it for yourself. 

Sorry, sorry, I’m getting ahead of myself. I’m a little on edge coming
back to these memories after so long, but my therapist said talking
about trauma is healthier than pretending it didn’t happen, so we made a
compromise for me to post what happened on here, since I don’t really
have friends, lol.  

Well I did but… anyways

Some really screwed up horror story level shit happened to me (and
others in my town) a few months ago.

Which I guess is my fault when I decided to live in the Appalachians.
I’ve heard so many stories of things living in the mountains. Stories of
people going missing, unexplained noises in the woods, and things going
bump in the night. I never thought any of it would happen to me.

But obviously I was wrong. So very wrong.

Now I barely sleep. Every unexplained sound and static tone puts me on
edge. Some nights I wake up, unsure if I can really trust what I’m
seeing.

For some background, I had recently moved to a house just outside the
small city of Bristol, Tennessee (or Virginia depending on who you ask
but my house is on the Tennessee side). I’ve always lived in the south,
and never much liked the city. I was always outside taking pictures of
bugs, catching lizards, riding my bike down dirt roads, or sitting in a
hammock in the middle of the woods on my parent’s property.

Even after growing up and going through high school and becoming an
adult, I still loved being outside in nature, and especially loved the
mountains. Some of my favorite memories as a kid are of camping and
hiking trips with my family. We’d go to places like Dahlonega or Helen
and visit various state parks throughout the Appalachians. It’s been my
dream to hike the whole Appalachian trail one day. So, I decided I
wanted to live there.

I will say, finding a good career in the middle of nowhere at the top of
a mountain range is not the easiest thing for a person to do, but I had
been been getting by with my job at this trampoline park at the edge of
the town. Pay isn’t amazing, but it gets me by until I find a real job.

I picked a bad time to move though. First thing I remember about when
things started getting weird was watching a news coverage with my friend
Hornet.

We were sitting together in my house before work one morning, watching
the local news, when they covered a story that I didn’t believe was real
at first. Someone had leaked information about some bodies the police
had been finding around town. Well, “bodies” isn’t quite the right word…
the news called them bodies but pretty quickly everyone began referring
to them as “husks”. The police supposedly did their best to hide their
findings to avoid panic but nothing stays hidden forever, I guess. If
they wanted to hide it so bad, I don’t know how it got leaked that
quickly. But one of the officers’ husks was found, so maybe it was his
dying act or whoever did that to him forced him to share it or
something.

If only I had known how little those husks mattered compared to what was
coming…

And when I say “husks” it’s exactly what it sounds like. They began
finding the skin of people and animals just laying around in random
spots. But it wasn’t like they were skinned to eat or to reach what’s
underneath. There was only one incision in every husk, from the base of
the neck down to the lower back, and they were cleaned out completely,
almost like they shed their skin like a praying mantis. Strangely, there
was never any other sign of foul play. No blood, no foreign DNA, no sign
of where the rest of their body was. And stranger still, there was a
layer of… something on the inside allowing it to hold its shape as if it
wasn’t hollow.

“Wow they’ve invented starched skin”, Hornet said.

“Seriously, dude?? People and animals are getting killed and perfectly
skinned and taxidermized or something without a known cause and that’s
your first thought?” I replied.

“Well if you don’t recall, we have our training thing planned later in a
clearing next to the woods. The woods that are not near any
civilization. I don’t know about you, but I’d rather not freak myself
out about a potential killer roaming the mountain just yet.”

“But… they, or it, or whatever is already out there.” I gave him an
overdramatic confused look. “Pretending it doesn’t exist is stupid.
Plus, we’ll have guns.”

We would train together once a week to learn a new self defense skill,
usually from a YouTube video or something. Today we wanted to teach
ourselves how to disarm an attacker with a firearm, assuming we’d be in
a situation where said attacker would be that close to us.

“Even more reason not to be afraid of it,” he replied, waving me off.

“Whatever, Hornet. Just know when you get raped and skinned by the
starch monster, all you’re getting from me is an ‘I told you so’”.

He rolled his eyes. “Why do you still call me that?”

“Call you what? Hornet?”

“Yah.”

I shrugged. “Cause its still funny.”

His real name is Hudson, but one day shortly after we met, he got
distracted gawking at this girl down the street while we were riding our
bikes and he slammed right into a 1951 Hudson Hornet parked in the
street. I thought the coincidence was funny and I’ve called him Hornet
ever since.

My cat, Jack, jumped on the back of the couch we were sitting on, his
claws ripping at the velvet, and meowed right in Hornet’s ear, before
jumping on his lap.

Hornet jerked his head back and sneered at the cat while handing him to
me like he was holding a biohazardous material. 

“I think your thing is hungry,” he said.

I just laughed and praised Jack jokingly while Hornet brushed the fur
off himself with his hands.

I started petting Jack, when he suddenly tensed up and flattened his
ears, growling at the kitchen. I turned toward the kitchen, but nothing
was there. The only thing out of place I noticed was the fridge making a
high pitch tone, barely loud enough to hear.

“That’s obnoxious.” Hornet said, scrunching his face. “Has it always
done that?”

“No” I replied. “That’s new. I’ll have someone check it out later”

I wasn’t sure why Jack was so spooked because the TV made similar tones,
but after a second the noise stopped and he calmed down.

I got up and gave Jack his food, which was also my alarm to leave for
work. If you train your cat to eat at specific times, you won’t have to
set alarms. They will make sure you remember.

As I left, I told Hornet to make sure he locks up the house when he
leaves. He still lives with his parents, so he crashes with me a lot.

On my way to work for my shift at 10:30, I ended up driving behind my
new coworker, Addie. She recently moved here from Colorado. I didn’t
know her too well but we had fun driving to work. When I first saw her,
she had been following me all the way to work. She had also been
crossing paths with me at the store earlier that day, so I thought she
was a stalker or something. But I ended up figuring we just have the
same schedule and happened to be at the store at the same time. As such,
we follow each other to work pretty much every day. It’s usually her
following me. Our schedules are always the same. We’ve made a sort of
game out of it, copying movements of whoever’s in front, sort of playing
chicken with reckless driving.

I’ve talked to her a few times, and her life is pretty boring. Outside
of work, she just watches hallmark movies and reads. She doesn’t have
any pets either. Heck, she doesn’t even have any wildlife on her
property at all. At least not that I’ve noticed from the road. I thought
that was odd but figured she just didn’t like animals or something.
Still, it takes a lot of commitment to keep all wildlife off her
property.

Recently she had been off; following slower, confused when I tried to
get her to swerve with me, and conversations with her seemed a little
strange. But I know moving is difficult so I assumed it was just her
getting used to everything.

It was the beginning of the week so work at my local trampoline park was
pretty slow and boring. However that did mean there weren’t as many
children making high pitched screaming and crying sounds and shouts of
“that’s not fair!” when they get pelted with a dodgeball so, I had that
going for me.

I worked as a sort of safety guard, keeping kids from getting hurt by
being their stupid selves, and Addie worked the cash register and gave
people their wristbands.

We had a big lull in business so she came to talk to me, which struck me
as odd cause she usually doesn’t abandon her post for anything but
bathroom and lunch. But there was a whole lot of nothing happening, so
it made sense I guess.

She had asked me how it was going and how I’ve been. We talked for a
minute about the book she’s currently reading, before she asked about
that morning.

“Did you see the news this morning?” she had asked, crossing her arms
over her stomach.

“About those skins the police had been finding?” I responded

“Yah… that,” she said, glancing nervously at the park’s entrance.

“Yah I saw that. Crazy how specific the crime is. And I wonder what they
do with the rest of the bodies? It’s so weird.”

“I don’t know… I’ve felt a little unsafe ever since I moved here but
this makes me wish I took self defense classes or something when I was
younger.”

“Yah, its scary. I’m glad I have something to de-“

“You feel scared?” she interjected. “What makes you feel scared?”

I was a little taken aback by the intensity in which she asked the
question.

“Uh, you mean other than the person skinning random things?” I
responded, raising my eyebrows. She no longer seemed nervous and was
very invested all of a sudden.

She opened her mouth to respond but we heard the loud tone indicating
someone had just walked in.

“We can continue later, you should go deal with them” I told her,
pointing at the lady that just walked in with a service dog and two
small children. “But hey, if you wanna learn some self-defense, my
friend and I are gonna teach each other a new defense tactic later this
afternoon. You can join if you want.”

She rolled her eyes at the people walking in and responded, “Sure, I’d
love to. Send me the address.”

“You got it.” I responded as she walked away.

When she got over to the register I noticed the dog put its hackles up
and began growling at Addie. The lady who brought it in tried to calm
the dog but it started barking furiously at Addie, which seemed to freak
her out. The lady dragged the dog around the corner over to the lockers
we had available for peoples shoes, apologizing profusely. She handed
its leash to one of her children and went back to pay, but the dog kept
staring in the direction of the registers.

I walked over to them.
“What was that about?” I asked

“I have no idea” the lady said as the register beeped, telling her to
remove her card. “He’s usually very friendly to everyone”

“Maybe he was bothered by my perfume or something,” Addie said. She
seemed more annoyed than anything about what happened.

The lady apologized again before bringing the wristbands to her kids.

We went on with our day, and to my dismay, it stayed slow as ever. But
eventually Addie’s shift was over, and she said she’d see me later. I
said bye and continued with my shift.

Once my shift was over, I went home to pack my stuff for training
later.  

When I got home things were… not quite as I left them.

When I got out of my car I noticed a small splash of something a bit
dark red-ish on the concrete. At the time, I thought it was a bit of
motor oil or a spilled drink or something but now as I’m writing this,
I’m pretty sure it was blood. And I know where it came from. But I’ll
get to that later.

When I got to the front door, the doorknob had a slight dent in it, as
if it was squished or slammed against something. That didn’t bother me
much, cause I knew Hornet isn’t very careful so he probably let the door
slam the wall when he left. What did bother me was that the door was
unlocked. I made a mental note to talk to Hornet about locking my door;
he’s bad at remembering that.

Inside, it was eerily quiet. I usually had the radio on but it had
gotten turned off. The only other thing that was wrong was the family
picture I had next to the TV. It was taken about two years ago. It had
my mom, my dad, and my sister, all holding me as I laid flat across
their extended arms facing the camera to show the Halo 3 shirt I was
wearing. The image sat in its wooden frame on the left side of the TV,
and I always had it facing slightly to the right so I could see it when
sitting on the couch. I always preferred to sit on the right side of the
couch.

But it was turned way to the left, to the point I couldn’t see the
picture at all from my spot on the couch. I assumed Hornet got nosey and
looked at it, then just set it back how he wanted. There was a very
slight smudge over me. Hornet and his greasy fingers.

I wiped it off, set it back correctly, and went to pack the stuff I
would need for training. Hudson doesn’t own any firearms, so I packed my
SIG MCX-Spear, a glock, and a 2011 handgun. I remember wishing I also
had an AK cause those are designed completely differently and would be
good extra practice but whatever.

I brought my stuff out to the car and went back in to say bye to Jack
and grab my wallet. At some point I had texted Addie to meet us at 6:30,
but I don’t remember when. When I went back inside, Jack was holding his
favorite toy: a small foam ball. He got it from Hornet. Hornet enjoys
Nerf stuff, and he came over one day to show me his new Nerf Rival gun,
which shot those little foam balls instead of foam darts. Jack got a
hold of one and it’s been his favorite ever since. The weird little
thing likes to play fetch with it.

Jack walked up to me and dropped the ball at my feet. I checked the time
and decided I had some time for a little play. As I picked up the ball,
Jacks eyes got wide and he tensed up, ready to bolt after the ball. I
threw it down the hallway and he shot off after it, slamming into the
wall at the end.

We played that for a little bit, then I grabbed my wallet, said bye to
Jack, and left, making sure the door was locked this time.

The place we chose is a public shooting range set up in a large clearing
right off the road, surrounded by forest on all other sides. We don’t
really need a shooting range but we chose it just to be safe.

When I got there, Addie and Hornet were already there.

“About time you showed up!” Hornet shouted as I got out of my car.

“Sorry, Jack wanted to play fetch.” I answered as I walked toward him.

It had been pretty nice out that day. It was nice and quiet, the only
sounds being the rustling trees and occasional car.

“Your cat plays fetch?” Addie asked, snickering slightly.

“Yup” answered Hornet. “I’m not even sure that thing is a cat. He looks
the part but that’s about it!” He began laughing at his own joke.

“Whatever. He’s perfect” I said, walking back to my car to grab the
guns.

We all looked at the video we chose to learn from. It taught us how to
disarm someone who’s pointing a handgun at you by distracting the
attacker with words so you can inch closer, then grab and deflect the
gun sideways so it points over your shoulder. If you can, it says to
twist the gun towards the attacker in hopes that they lose their grip.
We also watched one that taught a wrist lock technique that can be
applied to someone holding a rifle. Hornet wanted to throw in his own
variation and learn to drop the magazine from the gun too. He said it
was in case you couldn’t safely disarm the attacker, but I think he just
wanted to be like those guys in shooter movies. Regardless we improvised
some stuff and learned that as well.

Addie had never shot a gun before, so we said we could teach her while
we were there. We taught her gun safety, how to hold it, how to aim, how
to operate each part, proper stance, and how to control recoil. When it
came time to shoot though, she was extremely reluctant. She kept saying
it might hurt or be too loud or what if she dropped it, and after
arguing for a good few minutes, she reluctantly agreed to shoot one shot
from the 2011. We put on our ear protection, made sure she was holding
the gun right, and standing correctly, then we told her to pull the
trigger.

I vividly remember this part.

I heard the earsplitting crack of the gun going off, causing a flock of
birds just inside the line of trees to fly off. I saw the gun fly up and
back, controlled surprisingly well by Addie, and I saw the spent casing
fly out to the right of the gun and land in the grass, still smoking
slightly. But something was weird about it. For a fraction of a second,
so short I don’t know how I even noticed, her face looked very wrong. I
was standing off to the side so I couldn’t see her face super well, but
I could see well enough. For the split second during the loud bang, her
face looked dead and expressionless, as if there was no muscle behind
the skin. Her eye sockets looked sunk in, and it looked like she had no
eyes. Her skin was very pale, looking utterly lifeless. But just as fast
as the ghostly look overtook her, it disappeared again.

I thought it weird even then but I had immediately shook it off and went
to tell her that she did great.

We then emptied the gun and started practicing what the videos told us
to practice. The whole time I was there I was feeling a strong sense of
paranoia, and I kept jumping at every little sound or movement at the
edge of the woods, but couldn’t place why. I decided I was just
unsettled by what the news had said that morning.

After a little while, the sun began going down, and the hum of crickets
slowly rose around us. As the air started to cool it began to get foggy.
By this time, we had all gotten a pretty decent grasp on the defense
moves, and Addie said she should be heading home.

“Why do you need to go?” I asked her. “We don’t have work tomorrow so we
can stay up and go to the bar or something if you want.”

Hornet shot me a look and smirked, but I ignored him.

Addie hesitated before saying, “It’s my homichlophobia.”

“What’d ya call me?” Hornet said

“Homichlophobia. The fear of fog.”

“Ohhhh,” Hornet and I said in unison.

“Before moving here I was interested in psychology.” She told us. “While
I never took classes, I did do a bunch of research in my free time and I
know all about it, including many phobias.” She suddenly fixed her gaze
on me. “What are your phobias? Do you have any?” she asked.

I was hesitant to answer that.

I began saying “Uhh…” but Hornet jumped in first and said he was afraid
of heights and the open ocean.

“And responsibility” I muttered under my breath.

“That would be acrophobia and thalassophobia respectively.” She said,
her eyes still fixed on me, waiting for my answer.

I had wondered why she wanted to know mine, even though she just said
she needed to leave. I felt I didn’t know her well enough to want to
freely give that information, so I lied.

“I’ve got a fear of spiders, birds, and alcohol. My dad used to be quite
the drunk and the house was very unkempt so I had to deal with a lot of
unwanted creatures. I guess it created some trauma for me.”

Not my best lie but it seemed to work.

“That’s arachnophobia, ornithophobia, and methyphobia. Or possibly
dipsophobia if drinking it is what you’re afraid of,” she said, looking
deep in thought.

“Gotcha…” I said, glancing awkwardly to the side. “Well the fog is
creeping closer and it’s getting dark so we should all probably go,
yah?”

They both agreed and we packed up and started walking to our cars, but
made a plan to have a movie night tomorrow at my place since Addie likes
movies so much. We wanted to watch one she hasn’t seen yet.

After Addie left, Hornet raised his eyebrow at me and began teasing me
about liking her.

I denied it but I’m not sure if I was just telling myself that or not.

He insisted that she definitely likes me, as she hardly looked away from
me that whole time. I don’t remember it that way, in fact I don’t
remember her looking at me much at all. But I wasn’t paying much
attention either and I can’t pick up hints to save my life so, maybe she
did.

On my way home, I quickly stopped being so paranoid and dismissed
Addie’s questions as just plain curiosity. She was a psychology nerd
after all.

The song “No One Like You” by Scorpions began playing on the radio, so I
jammed out to that while I drove.

When I got home, I brought my stuff inside and started heading to my
bedroom, but was stopped by a bad smell. I barely noticed it at first,
but it was bad so I wanted to find its source. Maybe some food had gone
bad or something.

My guess was close; when I eventually opened the trash can I saw it was
full and smelled awful. I made a mental note to change that in the
morning, then headed to bed.

I usually have pretty vivid dreams. A lot of the time, I’m able to lucid
dream at least a little bit, and remembering my dreams wasn’t uncommon.
That night I dreamt that I was in a field in the mountains. It reminded
me of the opening scene from “The Sound of Music.” It seemed a little
strange cause everything was a little fuzzy, but I didn’t think much of
it. All around me I heard the sound of chirps and caws and flapping of
wings. When I looked down, there were all kinds of birds. Mostly crows
and ravens, but there were flocks of other birds too. Directly in front
of me were some blue jays, to my right were several finches, and
vultures flew over my head. Some other birds I didn’t recognize were off
to the side, and there were even birds that didn’t belong there, such as
flamingos. I knew at this point I was dreaming. I tried to walk to the
flamingos, but found my feet wouldn’t move. This didn’t bother me, and I
just decided to wait and see what would happen. For a while, I just sat
admiring the birds as they flew around me and listened to the chorus of
different songs each species was creating.

Eventually they started flying really close. They began brushing me with
their wings and feet. More and more joined in until I was basically
being swarmed by more birds than I can count. They began diving at me,
scratching at me, pecking at me with their beaks. It wasn’t pleasant but
I wasn’t freaked out because I knew I could control the dream, so I just
decided to make them go away.

But they didn’t. No matter what I did they didn’t leave me alone. I was
confused, because I can always control my dream when I know I’m
dreaming. For whatever reason though, this time was different.

When I woke up, the sun was shining through the windows. I rolled over
to check the time, but noticed something weird on my arm. It looked
almost like my skin was… moving. I quickly realized it wasn’t my skin
that was moving, but what was crawling on my skin.

Spiders.

Spiders were everywhere.

They were crawling on me, in my bed, on the walls, on the floor. Webs
had been spun in some of the corners and between some of the furniture.
There were so many I could hear the faint skittering of them moving. I
immediately jumped up and started brushing them off of me and taking my
clothes off in a panic to get the spiders away.

I ran out of my room, still spinning around and brushing myself off, and
when I felt clean, I noticed there were only a few spiders here and
there in the rest of the house. Most of them were in my room. I figured
there must have been a group of eggs that hatched overnight or
something, so I called the exterminator to come deal with it. I’m not
really afraid of spiders but I still don’t want them all over the place.

Looking back in my room, there weren’t as many as I thought there were,
maybe a hundred or so spread out around the room. While on the phone
with the exterminator, I kept getting distracted by the fridge making
that annoying sound again. I wasn’t sure when it started but thought it
sounded different than before. Not that it mattered much to me, I just
wanted it to go away.

The exterminator said he’d be there soon, so I waited for him outside.
When he got here, I told him what room the spiders were in, and he went
inside. However, he came back out a few minutes later, saying he saw no
spiders.

I assured him they were everywhere, but he said there was nothing in
there, not even the webs. He began looking at me weird. “You sure you
got enough sleep last night, kid?”

“Honestly, not really.” I responded. “But what I saw felt too real to be
just sleep deprivation.”

“Hmm.” he said, giving me a suspicious look. “If you say so. I went
ahead and sprayed anyways, but there’s no way that many spiders would
disappear that fast”.

Skeptical, I thanked him and went to check the room. He was right; there
were no spiders anywhere. No webs either.

I had absolutely no idea where they could have possibly gone, but I had
absolutely no doubt in my mind that there were spiders in there. That
made me a little paranoid, but luckily the fridge stopped making the
annoying sound, so there was that at least. I then remembered that awful
smell from last night and went to change the trash.

The rest of the day was pretty boring. I just spent a lot of it doing
various hobbies like biking, drawing, and watching movies (if you wanna
call that a hobby). Me, Hornet, and Addie planned to watch our movie
around 7:30, so around then is when Hornet showed up. I told him about
what happened, but he said I was probably just being paranoid, even
though I assured him of what I saw. We bantered for a little bit, then
began discussing what movie to watch. Addie already decided she wanted
to watch a horror movie, but left it up to us which one.

“We have to pick something good. Her first intro can’t be lame or stupid
like ‘Day of the Dead’ or ‘Velocipastor’.” Hornet said.

“Hey! Don’t hate on my man Romero. His movies were good.” I retorted

“I’m not hating on him, I’m just saying ‘Day of the Dead’ sucked. ‘Dawn
of the Dead’ was way better”

“Fair…”

I thought for a minute about what we could watch but there are so many
good options I couldn’t pick.

Hornet’s face suddenly lit up and he said, “What about ‘Skinamarink?’
That movie was incredible.”

“Ohhh that’s a good option.. however, remember she’s never seen horror
and that movie is tailored for a very… specific taste. Plus, that’s one
you really have to pay attention to, and we’re not here to analyze a
movie. It’s just for fun.”

“But analyzing is fun! That’s why we like those YouTube horror videos so
much”

“It might not be for her. Let’s just pick something that requires less
thinking.” I thought for a minute longer before saying, “How about
‘Alien’? Thats a pretty good classic to get her started.”

Hornet enthusiastically agreed with that suggestion. Right around then,
I heard a knock at the door. Hornet got up to answer it. When he opened
the door, he said Addie was here and welcomed her inside, telling her we
were gonna watch ‘Alien’.

I noticed she walked in with a case of beer. That surprised me because
she didn’t seem like the drinking type, but I welcomed it anyways. I
didn’t much like beer, but we were here to have fun so I’ll take what I
can get.

We all took a can and started the movie. I eventually had another can.
And then a third. I was feeling kind of tipsy but not super drunk.
Still, I had wished there was more. Addie looked rather annoyed when I
asked for the third can, but she handed it to me anyways, and I just
wrote it off as her hoping she could take some back home or something.

In the middle of the movie, the fridge started making noise again. I
turned around to curse at it, and when that didn’t work, I turned back
around and pouted. Then I noticed a bottle of tequila on the table. It
looked a little fuzzy but I was drunk so everything looked a little
fuzzy.

“Ooooo more alcohol, yes please” I said, reaching for the bottle. But
the second I was about to make contact with it, it just disappeared.

“What..-?” I muttered.

Hornet looked at me, confused. “What are you on about dude?”

“There was a bottle of tequila here, where’d it go?” I asked him.

“Uhh, no there wasn’t.” he said, his confusion turning to amusement.

“Yah there was! It was right on the table! It just disappeared when I
tried to grab it!”

He just laughed at me. “You are so drunk dude,” he said. “Let me get you
some water.”

I was confused. I know I was drunk, but I wasn’t that drunk. Nowhere
near. I watched him walk to the kitchen and noticed Addie glaring at me.
“What?” I asked her.

“Nothing.” She scowled.

“Ook….” I said as I slowly turned my gaze back to the movie.

Hornet came back a minute later, handing me the water. He had also
grabbed a slim Jim for himself. 

 “Dude,” he said. “You need to take the trash out or something. Your
kitchen smells awful.”

“I just did that this morning.” I said with an annoyed tone.

“Well it smells like something crawled in a skunk’s ass and died, and
then the skunk died, so do it again.”

We went back to watching the movie. After a few minutes, I heard
frustrated noises coming from his direction. He was trying to open the
slim Jim, but seemed to be struggling. 

“You good over there, bud?” I asked, snickering.

“No. I can’t get this thing open.”

He began ripping at it with his teeth. 

“It says ‘just grip ‘n rip’ but I’ve been gripping and ripping like an
autistic kid holding the class hamster and it just will not open!” 

I just laughed at him. 

Once the movie was over, Addie and Hornet left, and I went to bed. I had
a hard time getting to sleep though, for two reasons. For one, the
fridge was making noise again. At least I think it was the fridge. Might
have been the plumbing or a light or something cause the noise sounded a
little different. It was sort of faint and slowly pulsing. On top of
that, I was feeling super paranoid again. It’s like I knew someone was
watching me or waiting for me to close my eyes or something. I couldn’t
shake the feeling for the life of me.

Needless to say, I didn’t get much sleep. I eventually did get some
sleep though. And I had another experience where I knew I was dreaming.

The dream started with me in my old house, where my parents still live.
I was a kid again, maybe around 10 years old. It seemed to be nighttime,
and my parents were sitting in my bed with me, soothing me. I told them
I had a bad dream and was scared.

“It was just a dream, honey. There’s nothing to be afraid of” my mom
said.

“But how do I know the monster in my dream won’t come for me??” I said
desperately.

“Monsters aren’t real.” My dad told me. “Like your mother said, it was
just a dream.”

I just looked down, hugging my stuffed animal tighter.

My mothers gaze softened more and she asked, “What is there to be afraid
of? We’re here, you’re safe in our house, in your own room, and you’ve
got your stuffed animals to hug. Nothing can hurt you here. What are you
scared of?”

When I answered I didn’t answer as 10 year old me. I’m not sure why, but
I answered as present day me.
“I guess… I’m afraid of a few things. Mostly just worried that someone
is watching me or stalking me, even worse now with this new husk threat.
Part of me is even worried that I will be accused of those murders, even
though I have no connection to them.”

My mom leaned in a little closer. “But there’s something else you’re not
telling me. Where’s the base of all this fear coming from?” she asked.

I thought for a second before admitting, “I think I’m just afraid of the
unknown. Like when you’re in the dark and don’t know if that’s a
creature or just clothes in the corner. I don’t know what’s going on
around town, I don’t know what will come next, I just.. something about
only having part of the information is really upsetting to me.
Especially if it pertains to me, either in a dangerous way or in a
lifestyle way, or however. Even the internet scares me, having no idea
who I’m really talking to behind the screen or if I can trust a word
they say.”

In that moment everything stopped. All sound ceased. Both my parents sat
straight up and all expression on their face dropped and they just
stared at me, emotionless, unmoving.
“Uh.. mom? Dad? What’s wrong?”

They didn’t move. Didn’t even blink.

I looked around and saw that my stuffed animals seemed to come to life
too and were staring in the same way.

“W-what’s going on??”

My mother dropped her jaw, opening her mouth further than it should be
able to, revealing a pitch black cavern I couldn’t even see teeth inside
of. Her eyes went completely dark. She spoke, but not in her voice, and
her mouth didn’t move. It just sort of emanated the sound of someone
speaking.

“So.” I heard the voice say. “That’s what you’re really afraid of. Thank
you”

It spoke slowly, and with a slightly croaky sort of tone.

My father’s jaw dropped in the same way, revealing the same dark pit of
a mouth. He tilted his head slowly to the left then paused.

Looking me directly in the eyes he said, “What if someone is watching
you right now as you sleep? Maybe just inches from your face”

I felt my blood run cold. I quickly sat up to look around. Now everyone
watching me had their jaw slack, all emanating a rumbling static tone
that felt like sandpaper against my bones. I suddenly felt something
grab me from behind, gripping both of my arms and on either side of my
hips, pinning me in place. I tried to turn my head and see what grabbed
me but I couldn’t. Something was keeping me facing forward.

I felt something sharp penetrate deep into the base of my neck. It began
tearing down my back right on top of my spine. It ripped my body open
all the way down to my lower back. I then felt what seemed like a bunch
of long claws reach inside the freshly made seam, and grip around my
spine. The last thing I felt was my spine being torn from my body before
I woke with a start, looking around wildly and breathing heavy. It felt
so real, but it was just a dream. I looked at the clock. 7:30. But it
was still completely dark outside, which didn’t make sense. I looked out
the window to see if something was blocking it. That’s when I noticed
the face in the corner of my room.

It was almost completely dark in my room, but I saw a pair of eyes and a
wide mouth showing many large teeth. There was no silhouette around
them, it was like they were floating on their own. I thought I was still
dreaming, I had to be.  

The eyes were wide and irregular, and the mouth revealed teeth that
looked like human teeth but bigger, and there were a lot more of them
than humans had.

“What the hell are you?!” I shouted in terror, backing away in my bed.
It didn’t move, didn’t blink, didn’t even make a sound. The only sound
was of the same low tone I heard when I fell asleep. Suddenly I heard a
knock on the window. I jumped, terrified of what else could be watching
me from outside, but there was no way I was about to take my eyes off of
the thing in the corner.

Suddenly, it was all gone. The darkness, the face, replaced with
sunlight and empty space. I looked around but everything was back to
normal, and the low tone eventually faded away as well.

I don’t think I had been dreaming that.

Whatever that thing was, it was real. I didn’t know how any of it could
be explained. All I know is it happened, and I was terrified.

End Part 1

Part 2
