It’s hurting again.

I can still feel it. Tightening. Coiling.

That cold slimy grip.

My friends tell me to talk about it but honestly they all look at me
like I’m crazy.

I’m not crazy.

It happened three days ago. I work at a local chicken plant as a
maintenance worker. They process tons of meat every day, from start to
end. Usually these kinds of places break up the processes into smaller
factories, but not here.

From live hang, de-boning, dicing, prepping and even a few lines cooking
chicken that you yourself might have eaten at some local fast food
joint. They did it all. But see, it’s not all clean efficiency.

There’s dirty jobs too.

Most giblets, bits and other scraps get turned into dog chow but that
doesn’t mean there isn’t still loads of wasted meat that gets flushed
into the company drainage system. A series of interwoven grates, pipes
and channels that feed out into a large wastewater pond.

Yeah I hear ya, can’t be great for the local environment but I guess by
the time the stuff reaches the drainage pipes it’s mostly sterile and
diluted enough to release out into the world.

It’s a nightmare in the summer. The entire town hates it. But that
doesn’t stop them from letting their teenagers, friends and family work
there. After all, there’s almost nothing else around.

That’s why I’m here after all. It pays better than working the lines and
it’s mostly basic handyman work.

A loose bolt here, a replaced power cord there. Really all you had to do
was pay attention to what the older guys did and maybe watch a few
YouTube videos here or there on lunch breaks. However there was one job
you’d never catch any of the old hands doing.

Pipe clearing. Every once in a blue moon some big glob of skin, fat and
maybe a plastic bag or two will get caught somewhere and cause some
backflow or start clumping near one of the tunnels that fed out into the
drainage pond. It’s usually pretty simple work.

And you always come back smelling like rotten meat. That’s why they make
the newer guys do it. Guys like me and Mikey, who did it the last time
there was an issue, so apparently it was my turn. Great.

I elected to have lunch before going down into the pit, figuring I
wouldn’t really be in the mood after. The report talked about slower
drainage, a few of the grates taking an hour to fully drain when they
should take minutes, and a lingering odor of rot coming up from tunnel
B.

That meant checking every grate and channel from the factory floor all
the way out to the concrete outfall that jutted over the pond by a good
six or seven feet.

So I set to work. Grabbed a radio, some of the large rubber gloves we
used for cleanouts, and a three-pronged garden cultivator maintenance
had started using to dredge stubborn clumps out of the grease-filled
waters.

Checking the grates they reported, I found no obvious signs of blockage
aside from the backflow. Still, I pulled the metal covers off and tried
to sift through the red-brown liquid. The tip of the cultivator scraped
against concrete and only managed to pull up a few scraps of fat and a
half-shredded feather.

I followed the line down and repeated this process a couple of times
before figuring it would just be easier to find where the water wasn’t
backing up.

So down the maintenance stairways, into tunnel B, I walked. The further
down I went, the deeper the water got. Not anything dangerous. Well,
aside from the risk of losing my lunch to the smell. Just an inch or two
of dirty water.

The splash of my steps turned to sloshing as the water got up to ankle
height. I was never so thankful for those ugly uncomfortable rubber
boots they made us all wear as I dragged my feet through the stuff.

Then finally shin height. By then I was starting to get nervous. My
boots went up pretty high but if the water got any deeper I’d end up
needing to turn back and get a pair of waders or something. Thankfully
it seemed to stay pretty consistent as I reached the last stretch of the
drainage tunnel. I wish I could say the same for the smell.

The stench was quickly ramping up, no longer the stale smell of
sterilized but rotting poultry.

This was almost akin to sewage or like that time I had to pull a dead
possum out from the neighbor’s shed.

Sweet but wrong, like rotting fruit up until the point where that greasy
musk hits you and lingers in the back of your throat.

The walk had taken me to the outflow. A square culvert that led directly
to the outfall. They kept the tunnels pretty decently lit but I could
still see the reflection of sunlight coming through the large grate that
separated the tunnel from the outside world.

I could tell even from a distance that the water wasn’t moving right.

The usual even flow out was something more of a slow lazy spiral, like
it was choked off and just barely draining from some hole near the
bottom of the grate. The sound of a steady flow of water was now a
trickle followed by an occasional splash as the waste occasionally
flowed over whatever the stoppage was.

And the sound of buzzing.

God the flies must be having a field day with this.

I walked along the edges where the walkway stayed level despite the
drainage tunnel itself sloping down. That meant whatever was causing the
blockage was big enough to cover up several feet of grate.

This was gonna suck. No way it wasn’t some big glob of skin, fat and
feathers that had somehow slipped through processing. It happened. Maybe
not this bad but it did happen from time to time.

The pool here had begun to murk, looking more like the pond outside than
the usual brown-red liquid I was used to seeing flow out these grates.
It was thick enough that I couldn’t even make out the bottom.

So naturally I took the cultivator and pressed the head deep into the
water, dragging the tip from as low as I could get it and starting to
scrape upwards.

And there was definitely something there, a rubbery sort of resistance
between the cultivator and the metal grate. Whatever it was, I couldn’t
get purchase on it. When I pulled the head back it was trailed by a glob
of green algae-like slime.

I nearly gagged. The stench got worse when I pulled the mass out from
the water. A smell like pond muck mixed with putrid meat.

It was enough to distract me from the fact that the water around my feet
wasn’t just shifting with my own motions.

The fact I threw up, that sudden jerk as I felt the cheap
company-provided chicken meal leave me and join with the water below,
made me close my eyes just long enough.

Something clamped down.

Hard.

It wasn’t painful yet. Like somebody had reached up from the murky muck
to try and pull me down. A grip tight enough that in all my flailing I
couldn’t even pull out of my boot to get away.

A grip that found itself on my other foot, causing me to fall back onto
the grate.

The whole thing shook with the impact. The sound of shaking metal
bouncing through the tunnels.

I would say that I took a deep breath, calmed down and tried my radio.

But I didn’t do that. No, instead I screamed, thrashed and dug my
fingers into the grate behind me. I desperately tried to leverage myself
up and out of the water, away from whatever was touching me, pushing me
back against the grate.

The more I pulled, the tighter the feeling got. Every time I’d get
pulled back down while frantically yanking my legs, whatever it was
would shift up maybe another inch or so.

I didn’t stop thrashing until it wasn’t just holding my boots, but in
them, pouring into them and rubbing against my feet.

You ever held raw chicken skin? Felt the cold, rubbery texture? That’s
all I could picture at the time, my boots filling with wriggling loose
skin.

The smell. I will never forget that smell. No matter how hard I scrub my
legs I swear.

Sometimes when I’m alone. When there’s nothing going on.

I smell that waterlogged, sickly sweet scent of rot.

Somewhere in my panic the cheap clip of the radio must’ve snapped, or
maybe it just got pushed the wrong way when I hit the grate. Don’t know.
They never recovered it.

So there I was, hyperventilating and gripping onto greasy metal for dear
life while something slowly inched its way up my legs. It seemed like
the less I struggled the slower the thing moved.

That’s when I got a look at it, or at least part of it. The patch that
was working its way up me was mostly a clear slime with flecks of
yellow-white blobs in it that I eventually pegged as bits of fat
alongside some patches of bubbling discolored liquid held in its form.

As it met the water below I saw a mix of rust-red patches that lazily
shifted, suspended in whatever was holding this thing together.

And deeper in the water, just barely visible under the surface, were
more concentrated black blobs that occasionally bobbed up close enough
to see as it shifted its way up my body.

I screamed, cried, shouted. This deep in the tunnels nobody would
probably hear me. Sure maybe if they went into the maintenance stairwell
but like I said.

Nobody came down here unless they had to.

Worst part of it? I could see the town. Through the grate, there in the
distance I could just barely see the road leading away from the factory
and into the town proper.

None of my shouting mattered. The cars kept driving, town kept moving
while I got to stand there and wait for this thing to finish me off.

I think it was an hour in when I threw up again. It wasn’t exactly in
any hurry after I’d stopped struggling. At that point I was hoping
somebody would just notice I’d been gone and come get me. The ooze had
worked its way up slowly to my stomach and was still squeezing. That,
coupled with the fact I could make out what looked a lot like mosquito
larvae twitching in those little pockets of yellowed water trapped
inside the ooze, made the urge hard to resist.

That was a mistake.

I couldn’t exactly lurch forward so a good bit of it just ran down my
work suit.

And when it made contact with the thing, I could see the shifting stop.
The whole thing seemed to freeze up.

It started drinking. That’s the only way I could describe it. It sucked
the trickle of vomit into itself. I could see the bits of white and
brown from the breaded chicken meal getting sucked down into one of the
darker parts of the stinking mass.

It moved in contractions, like a throat swallowing over and over again.

I still see it. Still see the moment where it began to trace up the
vomit trail.

Still remember the sticky feeling between my fingers as I ripped at it,
threw chunks of goo off and away only for it to react by binding my
fingers so tight I heard something pop.

It was pinning me to the grate. Not creeping up anymore but moving in
short pulsing bursts, tightening, squeezing.

I felt my head getting light. I tried to move my leg again but the thing
responded by gripping down on my right leg with a crushing force. I felt
something give followed by a blinding pain that made me cry out.

The last thing I remember is something cold, wet and slimy trailing up
my chin and the taste of mildew and mold poking into my mouth.

And then nothing. According to the doctors I must have fallen into the
water while trying to clear a blockage which apparently I did because by
the time somebody got around to checking on me the water was draining
normally.

With me laid splayed out, propped up against the grate.

I don’t know why it let me live.

What I do know is when I came to I tried to vomit. Could still taste
that stale rot in my mouth, smell it in my nose, feel it in my skin. It
was too much.

Water. Mostly anyway, thick and warm with a stench that was too
familiar.

The doctors sent me home with a cast and some antibiotics, told me to
call if I feel any flu like symptoms.

Now I’m stuck sitting here, wondering as I try to forget the painful
throb in my leg and that taste that won’t go away no matter what I eat.

Did it stop at my mouth?
