how I ended up here

This morning I checked my messages just to make sure I hadn’t missed any
from my boss. Still radio silence. 

As I was leaving my house I noticed that the flower that I had been
given had abruptly died sometime in the night. It was totally fine when
I went to bed.  But, this morning it was completely wilted and shriveled
up. I’ve never seen any plant do that before. 

I arrived at the farm a bit after sunrise. I didn’t see my boss working
in the field yet, like I sometimes do. I kept driving and parked my car
at the barn and walked inside, hoping to maybe catch my boss there. All
of the tools that he was using when I left last week were left out. Even
the flowers he was arranging looked as if they hadn’t moved and were
sorta dying. 

The paranoia of the circumstances must have gotten to me, because I
caught myself looking over my shoulder with the dread that I was being
watched.

I left the barn and went to the house. It was sort of old and looked
like it had definitely weathered quite a few storms. It was very rustic
and had shutters falling off their hinges. I knocked on the door and
stood on the doorstep, swaying as I waited for an answer.  After a
couple of minutes I decided to look for the key that he kept hidden for
his employees to access the bathroom with. I looked under the doormat
and it wasn’t there. So I tried the flower pot next to the steps. I
breathed a sigh of relief as I took the brass key and slowly fumbled
with the lock to get it to open. It was dark inside, as he didn’t leave
any lights on. I turned on a small lamp as I called out.
 
“Mr. Taylor? Are you here? I haven’t heard anything in a while, I was
just stopping by to make sure I still like… work here.”

I lingered in the stillness of the house for a moment, waiting for my
boss. A loud wailing broke me from my trance. I whipped my head around
to face the door. I subconsciously walked outside. It was bright and hot
outside now. I almost instantly start feeling sweat beads form on my
forehead. I considered wandering further into the house to see if he
might be sleeping but I didn’t want to invade his privacy.

So I went to walk around the farm. I walked down the dirt path to the
feed shed for his animals. I don’t work with the animals, so I haven’t
been over there yet. I heard a shuffling in the neighbor’s cornfield as
I approached the shed. I called out again for my boss before going
inside. There were many bags of food and just other stuff you’d use to
take care of livestock. What really caught my eye was a box sitting in
the corner. It looked really out of place, so out of pure curiosity and
nosy-ness I approached it. In wobbly handwriting it had “finished”
etched onto it with marker. I open the flaps and I see a really odd
assortment of items. A bunch of personal items that look like they would
belong to a plethora of different people. Rings, watches, phones, water
bottles, lunchboxes, necklaces, books, and a couple other things were
tossed in. the exterior of the box had a bit of dark red staining it and
so did a couple of the items. Is that blood? My mind starts to drift.
What if this stuff had belonged to people? What if that’s why I was
hired so fast?

I hear the animalistic wailing again from the direction of the
cornfield. I flinch. I frantically look around the shed for something to
defend myself with. I rush over to the wall to grab a pitchfork hanging
from the wall. As I do I see something poking out of a stack of hay.
What I assume was a bloody arm was sticking out of it like a sore thumb.
The familiar flannel shirt was torn and barely attached to it. It
stained was an angry shade of dark red.

My legs work faster than my head and I start bolting to my car. Somehow
I manage not to fall or impale myself with the pitchfork. Honestly, I
didn’t even know that I had it in me to run that fast. 

I start the engine and peel out of there as fast as I could. I tried to
not look behind me or even try to imagine what was there, but I caught a
glimpse of something incredibly tall and unnatural standing in the tree
line by where I was just moments ago. 

I know whatever was in those trees was waiting for me. I can’t believe I
was hired to become fast food. Safe to say I’m never going back there
and I’m in need of a new job and probably therapy.
