“It’s senseless! Goddamn bloody senseless!”

Antoine had gotten loud and red-faced. He’d missed the return again, his
backhand increasingly sloppy as his bottle of brandy grew decreasingly
full.

“You’ve said. You’re too drunk to play.”

“Imbeciles, all! Children whose parents—mothers and fathers and the
other thing—never taught them any goddamn sense! It’s just so…”

“Senseless, Antoine?”

“Quite right. What’s the score then?”

“Um, 80-Love now. You’re too drunk to play.”

“Nonsense. I’m ripening is all. Service, if you would, G’zrad.”

Antoine had read the Express that morning and took the news personally.
Another new religious movement had taken hold on Earth, something
frivolous; spread by telegram evangelists and idling tastemakers, like
so many other trends that had come out of the giddy bustle of the
nineteen-twenties. Antoine was offended by the newness of it all. He was
a traditionalist, an aristocratic scion of the Old Mars and Old Earth
and as ever, with the bloom of change, he blustered.

I called the score, served. Another ace. Another asymptotic matchpoint.
Antoine was oblivious to both his failings on the court and my courtesy.

“The Hahamenites! Honestly, G’zrad. If I have to remember another
goddamned litany of canonical whatsits, I’ll throw myself from Olympus
bloody Mons!”

“The Thesians might take exception to that. And the Grumaal. Both forbid
acts of theatricality on the Mons. 100 serving Love.”

“Thesians are all space gypsies.” He paused, seeming to consider the
rough edge of his statement. The ball flew by him unchallenged. “I know
that’s an unpopular sentiment, but it’s true.”

“My wife is a Thesian, Antoine.” I smiled pleasantly. Something I’d
learned from the Italian diplomats that occasionally gathered in the
smoking lounge of Hooker & Thistle to discuss silent film and Tharsisian
consular scandal. “Shall we continue with the game, or shall we call it
a wash?”

Antoine let his racket dangle as he slumped, dejected. Ire was a tiring
business, and Antione was far too wealthy to have developed a
constitution for exertion. I felt sorry for him—after a fashion. His
crisis was existential, one born of privilege and boredom and a
fruitless search for importance. And even sober, he was a terrible
tennis player. That handicap would see him relegated to some modest post
in the embassy—a file clerk, a stamp man. There was no prestige there.
But on Mars, especially in Tharsis, one simply could not advance in
society without an aptitude for tennis. It had been that way for a
millennium.

I shouldered my racket and kept a polite distance from Antione’s dismay.
Then in his misery, he let slip a small truth. He slurred it, possibly
to himself.

“They look like you, Annabelle. Don’t they? Those Hahamenite devils.”

He had only spoken of Annabelle once, weeping over a portly Spanish doxy
at some brothel or another. He’d been miserable then too if only
slightly less drunk. I let him wallow for a while.

——

Milling the street outside of Hooker & Thistle, there was the usual
crowd of tidy toffs and blood-eyed cut purses and stray porters. The
criminal element of Tharsis knew better than to linger in the open sun.
They were opportunists, alley cats, and for a price, exceedingly useful.

I clocked Pennylick Pete at once in his thuggish flat cap and
preposterous mustard-colored silk jabot. He gestured for me as I met his
eye. I nodded discreetly.

“Antoine, do consider a glass of water when you make it back home. It
might save you for the Expo tonight.”

“You’re a lousy drinking buddy G’zrad.”

“On a Tuesday morning, I’m as good as you’ll find.”

He scoffed, then made eyes at the remainder of his bottle and waved me
off. There was a chance he’d be sober by the Grand Exposition that
night, but just as likely he’d drag himself in stinking of spirits,
glassy and slurring about Hahamenites and Martian Tariffs and the price
of wine. Pete watched him leave curiously, tasting our discord, smirking
from the shadow beneath one of the thousand great red arches that
permeated the city, swollen up from the ferrous dust below.

“Good day Peter.” I gave him an Italian smile.

“Grumaal save that tongue of yours for someone else’s ass, Gizz. Peter
makes me sound like a fucking Saint.”

“I was under the impression that you were well on your way.”

“You’re not as funny as you think, Moon man.”

“Perhaps. What have you got for me?”

He drew a thin cigarette from his waistcoat pocket and lit it as we
settled down onto a cloistered little bench beside a statue of someone
unremarkable. He looked uneasy but tried to look aloof. Pete was from
Earth, the nephew or second cousin of some gangster who had packed up
his viciousness and fled 140 million miles to a place that didn’t know
his infamy. It was a common enough story. One that made the well-to-do
of Mars bristle with isolationist fancies.

The rat-faced dandy surveyed me the way a farmer might an unsturdy ram.

“You first.”

Pennylick Pete’s information came relatively cheaply. Or at least
cheaply for me. I made my living as an artist and Pete was blessedly a
pervert.

I’ll explain.

I had studied with Dumahl and Ka’rrare in neo-realism and post-theistic
baroque. I was on my way to some significance if not greatness. But
Dumahl had made an appointment with the gallows some years back and
Ka’rrare had flown off to Earth chasing the busty daughter of a shipping
tycoon. Both had succumbed in their own ways to nag of success and left
me adrift in the world of Martian fine art.

It was in poverty and anonymity afterwards that I found myself hiring
out as the third-man, the artful creeper, in the exhibitionist sexual
dalliances of a Baroness and her menagerie of boy lovers. I sketched
from time to time, most of my work being confined to leering from behind
parlor palms and occasionally moaning gruffly. The baroness noticed my
distraction. The sketching lost me my job as a professional voyeur and
thrust me into another. At the Baroness’s insistence. And so I became a
society pornographer.

I still sketched, though many of those works were secondary to the
immense oil paintings on which my debauched clientele spent small
fortunes. Pennylick Pete was a collector of the secondary, and this day,
I had a rather lurid sketch of a skinny aristocrat doing something
inventive with the knob of a riding saddle. I handed it over. Pete
grinned out a puff of smoke.

“Well, Saint Peter? If you have holy water, spill it.”

“Ooh, disgusting, Gizzy—you beautiful man.” He savored the image for a
moment. “You have heard of the Hahamenites, I’d wager?”

“I’ve read the print. A vexing group for an acquaintance of mine.”

“Antoine Stuckley? I saw you two. Seen you before as well.”

“Hmm.”

“He’s a god awful tennis player I’ve heard.”

“He’s ripening. And the slosh of brandy puts him off balance.”

“Well he’s part of it. In a way. And the port workers say that artillery
is finding its way into Tharsis by way of the Thesian fundamentalists
and…other elements.” Pete folded the sketch delicately and tucked it
into his jacket.

“Other elements—your relations, I take it?”

He answered with a smug, chiding smile.

“War then? With whom?”

“Earth. The whole fucking rock.”

“Why?”

“Why else? Religion. Power. Senator G’starum has an issue with koalas
apparently. They’re a kind of tree bear. A bit like a cat that thinks
it’s an infant. Anyway, the whole government is seething.”

“And what does it have to do with the Hahamenites? And Stuckley?”

Pennylick Pete suddenly took on a serious look, which read as menacing
on his sharp little face.

“They’re growing in influence, some say they’ve spread halfway around
the planet and fast. It would be a matter for Earth to sort out I guess,
but they’ve been hopping ships to this dust ball, and…” Pete paused as
if gathering his next words. “They believe that tennis is a sin.”

“Impossible.”

“They say it’s not a funny sport.” The way he looked down at the burning
tip of his cigarette—I could almost mistake his mood for sympathy. “Your
man Stuckley’s sister—she’s their painted fucking Messiah apparently. A
prophetess. She’ll put an end to tennis if she isn’t stopped. And with
it…”

“Us. Thesiah’s hypercube, that is bad news.”

He shrugged and stubbed out the cigarette. “We’ll be enemies soon. In
theory. I’ll miss your bawdy eye.” He spat as if to dismiss the
sentimentality of the past few moments. “You might wanna distance
yourself from the Brit. Find another rich friend.”

Antoine Stuckley was intolerably self-involved at times, but he, like
Pennylick Pete, was usefully well informed on certain matters. Moreover
he was a drinking companion of half of Earth’s Western diplomatic
mission. And he could be persuaded to cajole his fellows when he was in
his cups. I couldn’t bear to think of making yet another sloppy
influential drunkard into a friend.

“Stuckley has nothing to do with these Hahamenites, I shouldn’t think.
He seemed livid that they should exist at all.”

“If that’s true, Gizz, then you care, but I can’t imagine anyone else
will. They’ll string him up just to be safe and if you’re anywhere near
the poor boy…”

He was right, of course. I stood, feeling grim. “I have a client soon.
As always, Peter, it has been a delight.”

——

In Lord and Lady Yrala’s sunniest parlor there was a tapestry that
spanned an entire wall. It was nearly intact but complete enough to tell
a story of tennis:

In dreary dun and russet there was the beginning—over a thousand years
into the past and all the time before, a pack of Martian mothers huddled
together and wrapped in unruly hides and cloth. In the soil, the wind
blew little yellow-green velvet circles to and fro, tracing ink black
satin tracks across the dust flats.

It is no secret that Martian eggs—those circles—are in want of jostling
in order to incubate. In our planet’s savage past, the caprice of nature
would do the work. The eggs would develop imprecisely, hatching dullards
and half-wits to hide in the Martian soil and sculpt faces out of rock
and crush beetles for sport.

Our forebears—theirs was a trajectory of mediocrity. Until one day, a
pair of young mothers took to swatting an egg back and forth, allowing
it to bounce in the interim. They were the first to jostle with finesse.
The tapestry bloomed into a riot of color by the end. Our recent past.
An unrelenting epoch of Martian progress.

Lady Yrala was the student of history. Her husband was pretty and a
famous bore. He had become a senator, as was the way of the irredeemably
unskilled, but at Hooker & Thistle and a half-dozen other gentleman’s
clubs around Tharsis, he was widely, if quietly, mocked as
‘unvolleyed’—a simpleton.

He was no different as I worked.

In the midst of marital congress, he plodded away as an ungainly
automaton might, and Lady Yrala fiddled with the tassel of a plump
cushion beneath her, occasionally sighing out a perfunctory moan. He had
taken her from behind as he had during our past three sessions.

I marked the undertones of periwinkle and olive green in Lord Yrala’s
mostly bare flank, as I spoke:

“Senator Yrala, if you would permit it, I should like to know your
opinion on these Hahamenites people are speaking of.”

He continued thrusting mechanically as he mused—or as he seemed to. Lord
Yrala wasn’t one for reading the paper or anything else, but it was a
courtesy in the business of pornography to address a gentleman first
when a gentleman was at the easel.

“Umm. The Ha-hamen-ites. Well, certainly they have left an impression. A
rather, some would say, remarkable group. Misunderstood—and yet
understood too well. Aren’t they?” For the first time since he’d begun
to thrust, there was a shade of cyan creeping into his face—exertion.

Lady Yrala came to his rescue. Her Italian smile was perhaps better than
mine.

“They are a threat to everything we are. Ridiculous that they should
dress themselves as they do, being such vicious creatures that they
are.”

“Quite so?” I probed.

Lord Yrala seemed relieved not to be burdened with thought. His emptied
expression might be useful depending on the final direction the painting
took, I noted it. Lady Yrala expounded:

“You know, they’re meant to look like clowns—the Hahamenites. A vestige
of the Italian Commedia dell’Arte.”

“I’m unfamiliar.”

“It doesn’t matter that you are. Suffice it to say, they’re meant to be
funny. But many humans find them off putting for some reason. No wonder
they’ve embraced a billion clowns on Earth—“ Lady Yrala flinched. “I’m
coming, my love. Well met.” She took a moment to moan. Lord Yrala seemed
demurely satisfied. “Anyway, G’zrad, I think you’ll find that Humankind
is self-destructive as a rule. Fitting really.”

Fitting. She must’ve been aware of the gathering of arms, of the plans
to move toward war with Earth. Perhaps she had a hand in it. Her family
was an influential one, wealthy and well connected to the Martian Navy
through a long line of Admirals and courageous young martyrs. Her tone,
post orgasmic though it might’ve been, was resolute to the point of
sounding glib.

“Surely their doom isn’t so inevitable, Your Grace.”

She narrowed her eyes.

“Do you make a habit of interrogating your clients, pornographer?”

I’d spoken out of turn. She’d caught me being overly knowledgeable. Lord
Yrala seemed to be spasmodically huffing his way into a climax of his
own, but Lady Yrala was unfazed, so I parried:

“Only the interesting ones, Your Grace.”

She smirked slyly and pulled away from her husband.

“Tell me, G’zrad. You’re married aren’t you? Are you charming with your
wife?”

“I wasn’t aware that I was charming at all.”

“Charming men always say things like that. Do you paint her?”

“With every brush stroke. They’re just arranged inconspicuously.”

“You have a poet’s soul, pornographer.” She dabbed at her 𝕢𝕦𝕚𝕧𝕖𝕣𝕚𝕟𝕘
𝕄𝕒𝕣𝕥𝕚𝕒𝕟 𝕤𝕝𝕚𝕔𝕜𝕟𝕖𝕤𝕤 with a blanket. “And you’re handsome. I think I’d like
to bed you. Just to see.”

I shifted on my stool and as if by the timing of Thesiah’s own infinite
celestial clockwork, a servant boy entered and spared me the discomfort
of responding.

He was dressed queerly, garishly, his face painted bone white with
little flourishes of plum to accent his bulbous red nose. I gasped, not
in horror, but in bewilderment. Lady Yrala had never been so flamboyant
with the uniforms of her staff and—

“No. NOT IN THIS HOUSE, YOU SUDDENLY JOBLESS WRETCH!”

Lady Yrala had grown immeasurably more attractive in her rage. I
shouldn’t have thought of her that way. It was unprofessional and she
seemed apt to indulge my wandering fancy.

“What’s he done—oh, good gracious.” Lord Yrala looked as though he’d
sucked something outwardly flavorless to its sour core.

“He’s one of…them.” Full of contempt, a curl of disgust.

The no-longer-servant boy frowned, then grinned (unsettlingly, but not
horrifically) wide. Lord Yrala was once more erect. Lady Yrala was too
irate to notice. As the clown boy scampered out a tight jig, she
seethed.

“GET OUT!”

Then I too found myself 𝕖𝕟𝕘𝕠𝕣𝕘𝕖𝕕. Unprofessional.

“I shall see myself out as well, Your Graces. Perhaps I shall see you
both at the Expo?”

Lord Yrala smiled congenially and I wondered if he hadn’t noticed his
wife’s unmistakable advance or didn’t care.

——

The crowd buzzed at the Grand Exposition of Martian Scientific Arts and
fully one-third of those attending were clowns or clown-ish. Some seemed
confused about the finer points of the presentation. Silk top hats
yawned open at the cap, shading half-painted faces. Every here and there
a waistcoat was a violent shade of green or orange polka dot and
oversized shoes peeked out from otherwise elegant gowns. At the usually
well-attended Advancements in Practical Tennistry stall, two women
scuffled with a man in ruffles and motley and the energy tightened like
a fist.

I found Antoine drunk and brooding beside a cagily shrouded exhibit
promising SOMETHING NEW IN GAY OLD NEW YORK. The banner luffed and
Antoine looked small beneath it.

“Antoine. Feeling well?”

He sobbed briefly. “She’s done it again.”

“Who?”

“My sister.”

“Ah.”

“She was always so bloody funny. My favorite uncle said she should be on
stage. He said I should do something safe. The old bastard was a
soothsayer.”

Antoine tugged passively at the Gay Old New York shroud. “She used to
look up to me, you know? I liked that. Made me feel like I might grow up
to be worthy of a child’s admiration. One day.” He chuckled. “Maybe I
still could.”

“You’re being morose. And your sister’s followers are trouble.”

I looked around and spotted five painted faces in the vicinity—Martians.
One was dripping with what looked like pie. The rest looked hungry,
vacant, or both. Their human counterparts would court their own
Armageddon were they not careful and I had a suspicion that the
announcement beginning hostilities would occur this night. I felt bad
for Antoine. And a little bit for myself.

“You know Antoine, I think there’s meant to be a homeopathic gin stall
somewhere around here that—“

I cut myself mid-comfort and stared in disbelief as a regiment of
Martian troops intruded upon a gathering of Hahamenites. At the rear of
their tidy ranks was Lord Yrala and two other Senators. Each dressed in
the pompous regalia of military commanders, high hats with enormous red
plumes, sweeping sabres with gilded hilts. Yrala was festooned with
medals as though he’d ever seen anything more than an honorary
commendation. The martians he pretended at marshaling were all young,
their faces fully of stiff-jawed pride or hints of venom. The Expo was
going to be a mess.

“Antoine, dear boy. You might find the festivities a bit…murderous soon.
I’m sure we could find you a bar or a club somewhere…”

Antoine was plainly blind to the growing tension and the precarious
peace. He slumped dramatically and tossed an edge of the New York shroud
around his neck like a pashmina. It suited him.

“Maybe I’d do better in America,” he groaned. “New York perhaps.
Apparently they’re doing new things. I don’t remember where I heard
that, G’zrad, but it sounds safe doesn’t it? A friendly consular post?”

“A splendid notion.”

The shroud swelled up around him as his eyes panned the nearby stalls
and passing Martian boots.

“Or maybe I could be a writer? Memoirs or Horror fiction?”

“An implausible notion…”

His gaze flirted with a small booth, its marquee hastily assembled. The
thin promise it boasted wasn’t altogether helpful: Find self-affirmation
through literary folly!

“I could be the next Mary Shelley or—or Blair Daniels.”

He was delusional, spiraling, too drunk or not drunk enough. At the head
of the military column, a Hahamenite basted a soldier with water from a
boutineer on his lapel. He lost half his teeth a moment later and the
column broke into a fierce melee. Antoine sighed.

“Or maybe I’m good enough as a diplomat. What do you think?”

I was preempted by a familiar voice.

“Clearly you are a singular peacemaker, Human.” Lady Yrala had emerged
from a throng of identically dressed gentlemen. She hooked her arm
around mine and gazed upon the fray. “I had a feeling something like
this might happen. What do you think, pornographer? Bellicose enough?”

“Your Grace. I assume this is some sort of prelude?”

“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean. Unless you’re flirting, in which
case, most certainly.”

“I mean the troops.”

“Shame. Well we must have a reason, mustn’t we? It would seem impolite
to invade our neighbor without just cause.”

“Invade? I assume you only meant to attack.”

Lady Yrala brushed a hand against my chest and whatever was beneath the
New York shroud seemed to move. Something new indeed. An army of
invaders, a parade of un-volleyed missiles. Earth had just concluded
their Great War. They were far from prepared to sally forth into
another. Yrala’s husband now hacked wildly about with his saber and the
self-affirming writers cowered beneath an insubstantial table and the
thing beneath the shroud was definitely moving.

Yrala sighed wistfully. “Tell me, pornographer. What is your game?”

“Tennis, of course.”

“Clever. But I mean all of the interloping and shoulder grazing. I’ve
asked around about you, and you seem to be everyone’s confidant. How is
that? And why?”

“It chases away the boredom—acting like a spy. That and I happen to be
quite nosey.”

She pulled away to regard my face deliberately. She was quite a pretty
thing so close.

“I don’t believe you.”

“I don’t care. Your Grace.”

A senator named Rimaan shouted anti-Earth epithets from a dais and a
pack of gowned Aristocrats beat a Hahamenite mercilessly with their
handbags and a child made off with a gilded bust of some emperor and the
ground ran pink with blood and makeup. War was upon us and I stood
inches from one provocateuse and the retching brother of another. It was
farcical.

“If I kissed you, pornographer, would you be so bold as to take
advantage?” Yrala’s tone was hopeful, prodding, dangerous.

“Umm—“

But once again I was saved by something improbable. A man in an emerald
green tailcoat sulked out from behind the New York shroud and the
massive shifting thing it hid. He shouted into the din:

“I am a humble knickerbocker, but I bring exciting news from the jewel
of America’s eastern shore! Behold!”

He yanked at the shroud and Antoine was swallowed beneath it. The hidden
thing was…

“Marvelous…” Yrala’s eyes were seduced away from me and toward the
behemoth winged pig that the shroud had concealed.

The rabble quieted almost at an instant, the consuming silence
punctuated by occasional gasps and breathy exclamations.

“Beautiful..”

“Stupendous..”

“Thesiah’s menagerie, they’ve done it again.”

The emerald barker filled the quiet with a booming bit of showmanship.
He called a command to the beast and it took off into the red sky above.

“Transportation, reimagined! As we sit here, I have received word that
this elegant creature has replaced tram, train, automobile, and buggy as
the preferred method of transportation in New York City! Think of what
they could do for Mars!”

My mind filled with possibilities. Endlessly, rapturously. Above, the
hulking slab flitted about. It lifted my spirits with it—a joyous
creature. I turned to Yrala who was weeping with glee.

“Your Grace. Let’s have a baby. Today.”

“Yes. But no—your wife…”

“She’s been dead for thirty years.”

“I’ve seen her at parties.”

“A ghost, I’m afraid (but not afraid like that).

“How modern… Then yes. Right now.”

We were, in our sudden wild lust, the spark that lit a conflagration of
sex—the Grand Orgy of 1926. The pig had made it so, I think, a jovial
beacon of appetite and excess. The event persisted thereafter—an erotic
celebration of unity and the potential of keen minds and novel ideas.

In the months that followed, the giant flying pig overtook the trend of
Hahamenitism as de rigeur on Earth. Such is the fickle whimsy of our
neighbor amongst the stars. But for once, their drifting attention was
one I could fully comprehend.

The rest, I try and fail to understand. Humans are a silly people. They
scare themselves intentionally with literature when their existence is
frightening enough, they view pornography as filth when it is clearly an
art form, and they think that tennis is a game rather than a means to
societal greatness.

Lady Yrala understands a bit more now, I should think. She smiles.
Antoine sits beside the incubation court on a little bench, deep in his
cups, as ever. He’s writing a memoir between the doses of spirit, and
he’s learning. Lord Yrala is still oblivious—a cuckold, but a happy one.
And as I lift an egg, I summon a bit of charm for Lady Yrala and for
everyone else.

“Love all.”

A score yes, but a decent start to any endeavor
