On my way home from work I noticed something disturbing: someone was
following me. Someone creepy. They were driving a blue Toyota Corolla.
Nothing fancy. Just your run-of-the-mill crappy little car. As I was
turning onto Main Street, checking my blind spot, I shuddered in
revulsion.

They had a shaved, pear-shaped head and tiny spectacles. But it was
their teeth that startled me: two large tusks, like a walrus’s,
protruded from their crooked mouth. The driver snarled, exposing a row
of jagged, dark, and mismatched cutters.

I nearly crashed.

“This town gets stranger by the second,” I complained to no one. Then I
made a quick left turn and never looked back.

The next day, it happened again.

Except the car was a different color. Now it was gray. But the creepy
driver was the same, and at exactly the same spot on Main Street. This
time, the crappy Corolla followed me home, the driver sneering and
making unusual gestures the entire trip. I parked, ran into my home, and
locked the door and all the windows.

It was a Friday, so I had the weekend off, which I spent alone, watching
Netflix and grumbling about how this town was going to hell. That the
world was doomed. Yeah, I wasn’t too happy that weekend.

By Monday, I’d forgotten about the psycho driving the Corolla. Well,
sort of. I worked late that night, being forced to do extra paperwork –
nothing exciting, but I was exhausted. When I pulled onto Main Street,
on my way home, the sun was sinking, making me squint. I flicked the
turn signal, glanced over my shoulder, and flinched.

The Corolla.

Now, it was red. The driver tooted the horn and exposed its gruesome
teeth. I swerved into the other lane, nearly causing an accident. An SUV
sped past and gave me the finger. Someone behind me honked.

I snapped. After such an arduous day, my anger reached its boiling
point. I slammed the brakes, causing the Corolla to pass. I swerved
behind it and hit the gas. Then I put on my high beams. All bets were
off. If this maniac wanted trouble, then he found it.

Traffic crawled. I tailgated him for nearly a quarter-mile, yelling and
swearing. The driver wagged his index finger in a ‘no-no’ gesture, and
then he slammed on the brakes. I almost hit the car, but fortunately, we
were going so slowly that there wasn’t a collision. Still, I was livid.
I checked my surroundings to see if anyone was watching us, but no one
was.

The traffic light turned amber; the Corolla drove off while I was forced
to stop at the red. I was leaking sweat, despite the AC. “This is nuts,”
I grumbled. “What a jerk!”

It happened again Tuesday. I tried ignoring the creep driving the
Corolla (now black), but my eyes were glued to the rearview mirror. Just
in case.

The driver’s face was distorted, going in and out of focus, and its
gigantic head barely fit inside the stupid car. And those teeth…those
terrible teeth. Reality sank in. Clearly, the driver wasn’t human. Or
perhaps it was some sort of human hybrid – a government experiment.
Nothing surprised me anymore.

The light turned red; the driver pulled up next to me and pointed his
elongated finger in that ‘no-no’ gesture. Pale lips slapped across its
leathery face in a snarl. A cold drip slid down my spine. Heart
pounding, I glanced over. What I saw was horrific: an insect landed on
the dash, and the driver, with a snake-like tongue, snatched the
critter. Its tongue crackled like a bullwhip. Then, it licked its
lizard-like lips and belched.

I was appalled. The driver stared at me, capturing me with its empty,
soulless eyes. Flaps of meaty flesh peeled off its furrowed face. It
made a shooting gesture with its hand (which was way bigger than it
ought to be), and I felt a jolt rip through my body. I started coughing
and wheezing, my eyes tearing up.

The light changed, and the crappy Corolla drove off. My car, on the
other hand, stalled, and I was forced to call a tow truck.

The mechanic was stunned – he said he’d never seen anything like it. My
car simply stopped working.

Frustrated, I went on a local Reddit site, looking for clues. Perhaps
this tooth-toting, Corolla cruising maniac was harassing other people.
It couldn’t just be me, right? But after hours of searching, I found
nothing. The rest of the week, I was forced to take an Uber to and from
work. This suited me just fine. No more creeps driving Corollas. No more
psychopaths eating flies, and zapping me.

Or so I’d thought.

Friday evening, as the Uber pulled onto Main Street, the Corolla – now
in its original color – started tailgating. Trying to remain casual, I
asked the driver if he noticed anything unusual about the car behind us.
Up until that moment, I hadn’t really looked at the Uber driver. When I
did, I was shocked. His shaved head was large and pear-shaped; smooth,
ivory tusks crept from its crooked mouth. A smell permeated from him,
like moldy cheese. He leered, exposing a tray of treacherous teeth, and
made a no-no gesture with his boney finger.

Terrified, I tried reaching for my phone, but my body and mind
malfunctioned. So I simply sat, awaiting my fate. Meanwhile, the Uber
driver was grinning murderously. Clearly, he was going to kill me. Or
worse. My imagination ran rampant. But moments later, I was dropped off
at home. I couldn’t leave soon enough.

The following week, I took a stress leave from work. My employers
weren’t impressed, especially since I couldn’t provide a proper reason.
But I was too scared to leave home. Unfortunately, my food supply was
sparse, so I was forced to call Uber Eats.

Big mistake.

Certain that the Corolla-driving psycho was stalking me, I spied out the
window, waiting for the driver to arrive. A dark Corolla pulled up in
front of my place. The driver remained motionless, the car idling out
front. I waited, trembling, for the longest seven minutes of my life.
Finally – after my heart sank to my toes – the driver stepped outside,
and I shrieked. He must’ve been seven-feet tall, skinny as a rail. And
those teeth…

My life flashed before my eyes.

I went searching for a baseball bat.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

The knocking at the door startled me. My heart stopped. I tripped and
fell; the bat bounced off my head, and I bit my tongue.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

I panicked. My stress level reached the roof.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

…

(Update)

That was over an hour ago. The driver is still lurking outside the door,
tapping. A pungent odor has crept into my home. The worst part is: I’m
trapped. There’s no back door. So I might as well tell my story before
something unthinkable happens to me. It’s dark outside now, and the
stupid Corolla is still parked outside my crummy first-floor apartment
unit. And unless my eyes have deceived me, it’s changed colors. (Now
it’s beige.) Doesn’t matter really. The only thing that matters is that
the creepy driver goes away. For good.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

“I know you’re in there!” it shouted with a slight lisp. “I can wait
here all night!” Its voice sounded robotic. Like an AI version of a
monster.

“Oh God no,” I heard myself mutter.

I’m contemplating calling the police. But what would I say? That a
lizard-creature, with elongated fingers and walrus-like tusks, is at my
door? That’s nuts.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

There it goes again!

Something else is pounding: my heart. It won’t shut up.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

Let this be a warning to you: the world is full of monsters. Sometimes
they wear masks.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

If only I had a gun.

Tap. Tap. Tap

That’s it. I can’t take it any longer! It’s time to answer the door. If
this is how my story ends, so be it. Being trapped and scared sucks. In
the end, we all must answer the door. We all must remove our masks.

Goodbye dear Reader. I’m posting this story now. If you don’t see a
comment from me in ten minutes, then I’m not okay. I’m probably dead. Or
worse. Maybe I’ll become one of Them.

Tap. Tap. Tap.
