I’m moving into a new apartment. As part of the move, I’m going through
the age-old ritual of packing my things and reviewing what to keep, and
what to throw away. In that process, I found something that I thought
I’d long since discarded. It’s just a calendar from a couple of years
ago, but it brought up a lot of memories that I haven’t thought about
for some time. Partly because, looking back at it, it feels surreal. And
partly because I wanted to forget.

I think it’s time I put this into words. If I’m going to throw this
calendar away, I want to put the full story on paper. I don’t want to
look back at this in 20 years and wonder if I got the details right.

 

About six years ago, I got a new car. I say “new” in quotation marks as
the car was a cheap secondhand Toyota, but I got it for a fair price. I
picked it up, paid cash, and stopped at a gas station to give it a good
rinsing; inside and out. After a proper wash and wax, I double-checked
the interior. There were a few candy wrappers stuck between the seats
and a bit of dog hair in the trunk, but apart from that there was only
one thing that stood out – a six-pack of mineral waters. They looked
kind of old, but they were sealed tight, and I figured mineral water
doesn’t really go bad, so what the hell.

I got home and checked some e-mails. I had spaghetti for dinner and
washed it down with one of the water bottles. I smelled it, tasted a
little, and it was fine. Had a bit of a citrus tang to it, no biggie.
All in all, it was an uneventful day. I was settling in for a long Labor
Day weekend; the first one I’d had on my own for quite some time.

I was still smoking back then - a nasty habit that I picked up in
college. I went outside to have a cigarette when I met my neighbor
Roger. He and his wife lived across the hall from me. He was in his
second year of retirement, but he had a kind of way of talking that made
me think he’d been an old man all his life. We chit-chatted a bit, I
showed him my new car, and that was that.

“You be careful with that thing,” Roger said, pointing to my car. “I’m
good with ’em, don’t be scared to ask for help.”

“It’s fine, it runs well enough.”

“Just be careful. You can’t assume every car’s the same. You gotta know
it.”

“As long as there’s four wheels and an engine I can figure it out.”

He shrugged it off, finished his cigarette, and lumbered back up to his
apartment. I could hear his wife through the front door, eagerly
chatting on the phone. I went home and got ready for bed.

 

When I woke up, my eyes were already open. It’s a strange sensation. In
all my years on this planet, the first thing I do every morning is open
my eyes. This one time, I didn’t. It was unnerving, to say the least. I
was lying on my side, facing my bedroom window. The blinds were down,
leaving a sliver of sunlight peeking through the cracks. One of them hit
me square in the eye, but I couldn’t blink it away. I was just lying
there, staring at the sun. I couldn’t blink. The more I thought about
it, I couldn’t close my eyes at all.

I tried to get up, but I couldn’t move. I saw my hand resting on the bed
next to me, but I couldn’t will myself to move it. I was completely
still. It took me a couple of seconds to recognize how hard my heart was
beating. Something was wrong. I could feel warmth through my hands and
arms, but I couldn’t so much as twitch.

I wasn’t breathing. That’s why my heart was beating so fast. I wasn’t
breathing.

I wasn’t holding my breath. There was nothing in my throat. I tried to
focus all my attention on opening my mouth, but my heart was pounding so
hard that I could feel my face changing color. I tried exploring every
nerve I could trace, but I still couldn’t bring myself to move. I was
just lying there, pushing every conscious thought to a single word.

“Breathe.”

 

I finally felt my mouth moving. I didn’t move it. My mouth opened wide,
and my body inhaled. It inhaled so forcefully that my lungs ached. My
mouth still open, the breath was held in my lungs for a couple of
seconds. I tried to focus on another word.

“Out.”

There was a moment of hesitation. My eyes were getting dim from the
morning light. The breath was exhaled, but not by my effort. I wasn’t
doing this. I wasn’t in control.

It took a couple of tries, but after a steady rhythm of breathing in and
out, it seemed to work on autopilot. I didn’t have to think about
breathing, it just happened. Instead, I focused on my eyes. They hurt.

“I have to blink”, I thought. “Shut my eyes.”

Nothing happened. I was still lying there, staring straight ahead. I
focused on the eyes, and the burning sensation. Can you go blind from
forgetting to blink?

“Close the eyes,” I thought. “Close them and open them again.”

Still, nothing. I tried a few variations, but the eyes remained open. I
traced my thoughts to the eyebrows, then feeling my way down to the
early-morning eyelids. From there, I conjured one word.

“Down.”

My left eye closed, then opened. Then my right one. The relief was
intense, and I could feel my body relaxing. Blinking. Breathing. One eye
at a time, sure, but it was a start. My heart was coming down from that
self-induced choking hazard, trying to figure out what was going on. I
was panicking, thinking I was experiencing some kind of medical
emergency, but my heart rate was still slowing. “I” was panicking, but
that was different from the “I” that was in control of my faculties.

That’s when the thought clicked. I wasn’t in control, but something else
was.

 

I watched my body lying there for a while. I could see my bedroom window
and my hand in between infrequent blinking. There was this painting with
a woman picking blue sunflowers that my eyes kept coming back to, like I
was trying to figure out if it was a picture or a window. My breathing
sounded weird. Not sure how, but it was different from how I usually did
it. Less nasal.

After a while, I felt a surge through my hand going up my index finger.
The finger pointed upwards, stretched, and flexed the joints. Every
joint moved individually, as if testing the boundaries. It hurt like
hell as one joint tried to flex backwards, and another forwards. There
seemed to be a bit of confusion as the pain registered, as if something
was still trying to figure out if pain was bad or good. When it flexed
the wrong way, I thought “bad”. When it flexed the right way, I thought
“good”. After a while, the finger was moving naturally.

From there, I could feel other parts of my body waking up. Other
fingers, toes, knees, elbows. One by one they moved, and as something
started to register pain as “bad”, and not-pain as “good”, it seemed to
come to terms with its limitations and range of motion. It was still
trying to figure out things like swallowing my saliva and ended up
drooling on the pillow. At one point the elbow contracted so hard that I
slapped myself across the face. It took a couple of tries, but it seemed
to figure out that holding the hand in front of my eyes blocked what I
could see.

I must’ve been in bed for a couple of hours, at least. I could feel my
hand running through my hair. My arm would bend, trying to trace my
spine with my fingers. I could feel something taking control and slowly
realizing the limitations of my body. I kicked, and punched, and turned,
all without ever getting out of bed. Once it learned my neck could move,
I could feel my eyes darting from one object to the next, staring
intently at everything in my bedroom.

In the sharp contrast of the morning light, it was hard to tell things
apart. It was all shadows. While I knew what those shadows were,
whatever was in control didn’t. To it, that bathrobe on my office chair
could be an intruder. A predator.

I don’t think I’ve ever looked at things like that. Turned-down lights,
my head at a weird angle, and everything looking like someone else’s
things. What does my place look like to something that’s never seen it
before? To something that, maybe, haven’t seen anything like it before?

 

At one point, it kicked my right leg out and turned. It turned so fast
that the momentum of the swing flung me straight out of bed, making me
roll to the floor. I smacked my head against a dresser and bruised my
arm a little, but it wasn’t anything bad. Hurt like hell though. This
noise escaped me, like a low “hrrrrng” noise. I didn’t make that noise.
I don’t think I’ve ever made it, but there it was.

“Calm,” I thought. “Good. Good.”

That seemed to help. It flexed my limbs, getting up on all fours. My
knees scraped against the floor as it crawled. I thought about how to
begin explaining the motion of getting up on two feet, but I didn’t know
where to start. I watched myself crawl around, smacking into my office
chair and a bedside table, pulling down a lamp, and exploring whatever
was accidentally left on the floor from the previous night.

I tried to reach out with other words. I wanted to ask questions or
better understand what was happening, but questions like “who are you”
or “why are you doing this” didn’t even slow it down. I had to be
careful, concentrated, and specific to the context. I could stop it from
reaching an electric socket by thinking “bad”, but that’s as far as my
influence reached.

After at least four hours of fumbling around my bedroom, it accidentally
moved the knee in a way that made my left foot stand flat on the ground.
From there it propelled itself forward, slamming my head on my work
desk. But that movement seemed intriguing to whatever controlled me, and
after a couple more tries, it managed to stand up straight.

It was finally starting to understand my full range of motion. How I
could be really low when I crouched, and really tall when I stood up
straight. It was starting to understand high and low, left from right,
and forward to backward. And as it took one first tentative step,
balancing like the floor was a tightrope, I had a thought. If it was
learning to walk, it probably had somewhere to go.

 

Thinking about those first moments of watching myself walk around my
apartment feels like a nightmare. I could feel the floor under my feet,
but I wasn’t the one contracting my muscles and moving my joints. I was
a passenger on the sidelines, watching something so intimately familiar
as my own self being used as a second-hand object. There are so many
things we take for granted in the way we move and interact that it can’t
be put into words. How was I to know that there’s a manner to the way I
walk, or the way I open doors? You don’t know these things until you see
them done wrong.

I was watching myself stumbling and failing but slowly coming to terms
with the basics. As the sensations of my own physical body seemed to get
more comfortable, the focus slowly turned outward. I was watching my
environment. I saw my hands trace along the walls, carefully studying
the doorways, windows, and picture frames. Every now and then I could
advise a finger to push something, doing things like turning on or off a
light. Sometimes, it obliged.

There was also temperature. I was still in my underwear, and I had a
window slightly open, giving the room an uncomfortable chill. I was
shivering, and I could tell my host was uncomfortable. Instead of trying
to explain how to put on clothes, I instead turned its attention to a
blanket next to the bed. It took some trial and error, but I managed to
get it to understand the word “grasp”. I just had to repeat it a couple
of times as my eyes looked at the blanket, and the connection was made.

 

After a while, my input wasn’t as critical. It managed to step into a
pair of slippers and wrap the blanket around the body. It learned how to
control the lights, and how to turn on the water in the bathroom. It
left the shower running, not realizing the necessity of turning it off.
It figured out that it wanted to drink water, and that it wanted to eat
something. I managed to direct it to a jar of peanut butter that it
treated like an egg; smacking it against the floor until it cracked,
picking out the plastic, and scooping up the contents with my
fingertips. It seemed to enjoy the taste.

I couldn’t get it to understand things like drinking from a glass, but I
could get it to wash its hands. It seemed to dislike the sensation of
sticky fingers. It tried a fistful of granola from the cupboard but
didn’t seem to like the dry oats. It ended up pouring out the whole box
and foraging for raisins and nuts. It was biting down a bit too hard. I
could feel my teeth ache.

There were a couple of hiccups. At one point, my cellphone dinged. It
didn’t like that. It picked the phone up and threw it across the room,
into a wall. As the phone cracked, it checked the “corpse” for meat,
only to realize it was a mechanical gadget. It discarded the phone
without a second thought, leaving it in an empty corner of the room.

 

It noticed the sun going down. As the outside turned dark, it went from
room to room to turn on all the lights and look around. It’s as if it
was searching for something. It moved furniture, looked in cupboards and
drawers, and tore down my coat rack. I’m not sure if it was trying to
attack things, or if it was just looking to see what kind of material it
was. Either way, it’s clear that it didn’t know what the things in my
environment were. It couldn’t differentiate a jacket from a towel.

As night settled, I didn’t know what to think. I was still stuck in
there, watching myself being piloted from inside. Was this going to last
forever? The thought scared me, but it’s hard to feel scared when you’re
not in control of your own nervous system. You can scream on the inside
all you want, but there was this disconnect that forced me to focus on
the here and now.

At one point, I wanted to try something. I saw my hand hovering over my
TV remote, and I saw an opportunity.

“Push,” I thought.

It considered the proposal as a finger brushed the big red power button.
It seemed to like the texture, running the tip of the finger back and
forth. Then, as suggested, it pushed. The TV screen lit up, showing a
nature documentary. A cheetah running across the savannah, chasing down
a gazelle.

My body recoiled, clutching the blanket tighter. It listened to the
narrator and blinked at the quick cuts and angles of the camera.
Creeping closer, it placed my hand against the screen.

“That is a TV,” I thought. “TV. Tee-vee.”

A couple of noises spat out of my mouth. It sounded like “pfi-pfi”, with
plenty of spit blubber, but on repetition it got better. “Pfi-pfi”
turned to “bvi-bvi”, turned to “vee-vee”. It didn’t quite get the ‘T’
right.

“Vee-vee,” it muttered. “Vee-vee.”

Its hand rested against the screen and it leaned back, watching. I can’t
imagine what it must have looked like to someone with no context. Did it
think it was a window?

 

My body slept in short bursts of an hour here and there. It slept on the
floor, at the foot of my bed, in bed, next to the bed, and for a while
in the bathroom. It seemed to enjoy the sound of running water. It left
the TV on, coming back every now and then to watch the colorful ads and
curious animals. It didn’t attempt to say any other words, still working
on getting the TV word right.

When the body was sleeping, I was still somewhat aware. My thoughts were
like feelers, traveling down the length of my limbs as I concentrated.
If I focused enough, I could listen to what the ear was hearing, despite
the body being asleep. I remember hearing nature documentaries in their
entirety, waiting for something resembling sleep to take me away.

There was also this one moment where I watched the screen, as my body
lay on its side, and a hyena was feasting on a zebra. It was sticking
its face inside its chest cavity, grabbing whatever it could and pulling
out chunks of meat. As it tugged, and chewed, and tugged, and chewed,
the narrator spoke.

“As hyenas gather around the prey, they must keep a watchful eye for
encroaching lions.”

Suddenly, my lips moved.

“Prey,” it spat out. “Prey. Prey.”

“Yes, that is prey,” I thought. “The hyena is eating prey.”

It raised my tired hand toward the screen, letting the fingers brush
against the surface. There was still peanut butter in the creases of my
nails.

“Prey,” it said again. “Prey good.”

 

On the second morning, my body was up at dawn. It was energized, pacing
back and forth. It had figured out how the doors in the apartment worked
after playing with the handles. It was eyeing the front door, as if
considering a venture outside. But first, it was scouting.

As it figured out how the window blinds worked, it started to look
outside. It was searching for something, standing completely still. It
sat for a full hour staring at the cars passing by and memorizing nearby
roads and landmarks. It felt animalistic; crouched on the kitchen table,
staring. The body made a noise every time someone walked by, like a
yappy dog. Some of them were people I knew, or acquaintances. It was a
pretty small neighborhood, so these were faces I recognized.

I remember seeing a woman with a stroller. She stopped to pick up her
baby, cradling it and comforting it. My body perked up immediately,
pressing my face against the glass. I could feel something in my mouth.
Saliva.

“Prey,” the body whispered. “Good prey”.

“No,” I thought. “No, no, no. Bad. Bad prey.”

It wasn’t listening. Not a single muscle changed. It crawled off the
table, then looked at its hands. It curled the fingers over and over, as
if expecting claws to come out. When they didn’t, it looked around the
room, spotting my knife block next to the kitchen sink. It took a moment
of fidgeting, but it managed to extract my largest knife. It quickly
figured out how to work the handle, turning the knife into an extension
of its arm.

Knife in hand, I watched my body rush to the front door, panting like a
dog excited for a run. It was flailing my arms around, knocking down
things from the walls. Still just wearing a blanket, it tugged on the
handle of the front door. Thankfully, it was locked. It hadn’t figured
out what a lock was yet. It pulled on the handle, squealing with
frustration.

“Prey!” it barked. “Prey!”

I tried to interject my thoughts with “no” and “bad”, but to no effect.
It stabbed the knife against the door over and over, eventually breaking
the tip with a clean twang. Getting increasingly irate, it checked the
other doors, trying to work out why one could be opened, while another
couldn’t.

“Prey!” it kept barking. “Prey! Prey!”

It had some kind of breakdown. Being unable to leave, it started to
throw around furniture and decorations. It smashed paintings, broke a
chair, and pulled out drawers of cutlery in the kitchen; spilling forks,
knives, and spoons across the floor with a clattering bang. At one point
it picked up a cup and threw it at a window, breaking it. It watched the
cup sail right through, landing on the grass outside. That made it stop.

It walked up to the window, carefully looking at the sharp edges. It was
figuring out that glass was brittle. Looking down, it could see we were
on the third floor, and it didn’t seem all that eager to fall from a
great height.

 

It’s difficult to explain where my mind was at that moment. I was trying
not to scream into the void, thinking this was going to last forever. I
was helpless, watching my home get smashed to pieces. I was watching my
own hand, grasping a knife, and feeling myself drooling at the sight of
“prey”. It wasn’t just a matter of fear; it was a matter of existential
dread. What if I really was stuck? Would I look out through those eyes
for decades? Would I be seeing myself become a murderer? Or was I to,
eventually, disappear entirely? What the hell was “I” anyway, and what
part of the body did I still inhabit?

My body eventually settled back into bed, calming down. The nature
documentaries were on pause for commercials, showing a woman happily
accepting a package. She turned the lock on her door and greeted the
postman, giving the million-dollar smile right next to the corporate
logo. My body sat up straight. It looked down at its hand, doing a
twisting motion. It was learning; connecting the actions it saw on the
screen to the properties of my door. While the “prey” was long gone
outside, that wouldn’t stop it from performing an experiment.

It rushed to the front door, placed my hand on the lock, and turned.
There was a click. It turned the handle, and the door swung open. The
world opened up, showing a staircase leading downstairs. Thankfully,
there was no one in the hallway. I can’t imagine what I must’ve looked
like; wrapped in a blanket, wielding a knife, my eyes and hair a mess.
It retreated back inside, closing the door and locking it. It seemed to
understand the concept of a defensive barrier.

 

As afternoon turned to night on the second day, it found a black marker.
It’s one of the things I keep in a bowl next to my keys, which was
accidentally knocked over earlier. It found this marker and probably
thought it was some kind of food. After licking it and spitting at the
acrid taste, it instead chose to admire its coloring properties. Drawing
a line on my wallpaper, it realized what this thing could be used for;
marking things.

With the TV still running, I watched myself tear down everything on my
bedroom wall. A mirror, a portrait, a decorative cactus. Then, using the
marker, it started to draw.

“Prey,” it said, drawing a sort of stick figure surrounded by sharp
lines, resembling teeth.

Then it searched its mind for another word. It couldn’t figure out which
one, or how to describe it. It pondered for a while, watching the TV.
There was a story about penguins huddling together in a colony. It took
it a while to get the word right, going from co-lo-lo to co-ni-no, to
finally, colony.

“Co-lo-ny,” it repeated. “Co-lo-ny.”

It drew identical stick figures next to one another in a group.

“Colony.”

It was making a list of important things. Food. Tribe. And now, it was
looking for something else. It turned the head around the room, looking
up and down. It was this very room that it needed a word for. A word for
shelter.

“Home,” I suggested. “The word is home.”

It made a grunting noise in disagreement. The narrator on the TV talked
about penguins nesting, which seemed to resonate better.

“Nest,” my mouth corrected.

It made a drawing for “nest” by four black walls in a square. As it
stepped back to view its work, I asked a question.

“If this is a nest, what is home?”

It blinked, then looked down at the marker. It drew another square, but
filled the inside with a solid black.

“Home.”

 

It was trying to figure something out. There were combinations of words.
There was the Nest-Colony and the Home-Colony. There was Good-Prey and
Bad-Prey. It was drawing, making lines, combining symbols into concepts.

There was the Good-Home that seemed to be an origin point. From there, I
saw it drawing the Good-Colony. Then there was the Bad-Home. It
illustrated Bad-Home as a filled-in square surrounded by a circle. The
idea was fairly simple. It was currently in Bad-Nest, in Bad-Home, with
Bad-Colony. It wanted to go to Good-Home, using Good-Colony. To get
there it needed to avoid Bad-Prey, and hunt for Good-Prey.

It fell asleep clutching the marker, looking at the cluttered wall. A
narrator prattled on in the background, talking about the penguins and
their journeys across the blistering ice.

 

By the time I woke up on the third day, my body was already up. It had
laid out all knives on the kitchen counter. It drank water from the
running shower and washed itself. After spending some time in the
hallway, it managed to figure out that shoes could be worn on the feet.
That made it inspect other things, eventually putting on a hoodie to
keep warm. Then, it opened the front door.

It didn’t take long for it to understand how stairs worked. It also
noticed the other doors – doors of my neighbors. The implications were
making a dent in its thoughts; there were other people, and they were
near. I could feel a hand tightening over the knife handle. It continued
down the stairs, carefully peeking around every edge and corner.

As it reached the ground floor, it looked outside. I could see Roger out
there, having a smoke and chatting with another neighbor. He hadn’t
noticed us yet. My body hissed.

“Bad-prey,” it mumbled. “Bad-prey, bad-colony.”

Someone came down the stairs, and my body leapt to action, hiding around
the corner. As an older woman walked by, I could feel my nerves and
tendons tensing, preparing myself to jump and strike at a moment’s
notice. I was trying to hold back an age-old instinct that wasn’t even
my own, but there was a kind of laser focus that I couldn’t distract
from. Like a cat watching a plump sparrow.

But it never leapt, and it never struck her down. She walked straight
out the door, never knowing she was a breath from being murdered.
Hissing, my body ran right back up the stairs, and back into my
apartment.

Using a marker, it made plans. I had this calendar, the one I mentioned
before, which it realized it could flip. It was a handy way to keep
several drawings at once. On the first page it drew all combinations of
words that it knew. On the second page, it used those words to describe
the situation. On the third page, it tried to plan ahead. At one point
it was drawing too fast for me to understand – its language devolving
into an absurd short-hand of stick figures and shapes.

It took a plastic shopping bag and inserted its arms into the handles,
letting the pouch of the bag rest on the front of my torso. It soaked
clothes in cold water, dumping it into the bag. It was a way to store
water; it could suck the water from the cloth like a sponge. It gathered
some raisins and nuts, eating some and pouring the rest into the plastic
bag.

Then it waited for the sun to set. It was going to travel by night.

 

On the evening of the third day, it crept out of the apartment, staying
low to the ground. Wielding the knife, it tip-toed down the stairs,
keeping a close eye on the other doors. It shivered a little from a
sudden chill, but didn’t seem deterred.

Then, a door opened. Roger’s door.

He peeked out, spotting me. I can’t imagine what he must’ve thought at
that moment.

My body froze, seemingly contemplating my options. I felt the knife
handle. My knees were bent, ready to spring into action.

“Prey,” I muttered.

I hadn’t decided if he was good or bad prey, it seemed.

“No,” I thought. “No, Roger is bad prey. Bad. Very bad.”

“Row-yore,” my body muttered, looking my neighbor straight in the eye.
“Row-yore.”

Something shifted in Roger’s expression. At first, he’d been worried,
and a little amused. Now, there was something else. It’s like he
realized he was about to step on a coiled rattlesnake. Something
clicked, and he threw himself backwards, slamming his front door shut.
My body exploded into action, bursting forward at a speed I could never
replicate. It grabbed his door before he could lock it, pulling it open.
I caught a glimpse of Roger’s face as he used the momentum to swing the
door closed again. The back-and-forth pulling ended as my body got a
kick to the shin, and the door swung shut with a click.

I could hear Roger’s wife screaming as my body turned to run.

 

Once out of the building, it stopped to look at the stars. It wasn’t
admiring them; it was mapping something. As it spotted the pole star, it
leapt to action; running heedlessly through the freshly cut evening
grass and into the wild underbrush beyond. Scratching my legs and arms
on thorns and branches, I disappeared into the forest.

I could barely see. My hands fumbled forward, leaning against tree
trunks as my feet slipped on wet rocks and leaves.

“Bad-colony”, my mouth snarled. “Bad-nest. Bad-prey. Bad row-yore.”

“Roger good,” I interjected. “Good.”

“Good row-yore prey?” the body asked.

“Bad prey. Very bad.”

It didn’t seem to understand. It let out a frustrating grunt and
continued on, watching the shadows of the forest for movement.

That was one of the longest nights of my life. I could feel my body
growing weary, but it had somewhere it needed to be. At one point, it
crossed the highway, and there was nothing but luck keeping me from
getting run over. It didn’t stop to look both ways; it just ran.

At one point, it climbed a large rock. It was surprisingly adept at it,
getting up there far faster than I would. In some ways, it seemed to be
able to better utilize my body than I would. Other times, it seemed
completely lost. It could scale an almost vertical rock, but it would
trip over fallen branches.

 

As dawn rose on the fourth day, I found myself sitting on a field
somewhere in the middle of nowhere, sucking moisture from an old
t-shirt. My arms and legs were covered in cuts. Then, I noticed a woman
approaching.

She was walking up a small forest path. At first, I thought she might be
a hiker, but she was dressed surprisingly formally. All black, all
business. My body perked up, looking at her. Not like it had looked at
others. There was something there, some kind of recognition. She made a
calm hissing noise, as if trying to get me to settle down. My body
stayed seated, looking at her. She stepped up to me, holding a small pen
light and checking my eyes.

“You’re still in there, aren’t you?”

I tried to answer, but I couldn’t. My body raised a hand, carefully
touching the woman’s hair.

“Good-home,” my body muttered. “Good-colony.”

“Yes, good home,” the woman answered. “Very good.”

Using the other end of the pen light, she poked me with something. There
was a sting on my neck as my hand dropped and my body toppled over.

 

My mind was racing a hundred directions at once. At one point I could
control my fingers again, but the sensation came and went. I could
blink, but only one eye. I could partly move my tongue. As I came to, I
was lying on the side of a gravel path, my hands handcuffed behind my
back. The woman was sitting next to me, snapping her fingers in front of
my eyes.

“You drank expired mineral water,” she said. “Almost 30 years old.”

“What?”

I didn’t realize I could speak. The word just slipped out of me, but it
was my own – spoken by my actual tongue, albeit with some pushback.

“You drank something bad. It’s running through your system. I’ll extract
what we can.”

“Who are you?”

She put on gloves and produced the largest syringe I’ve ever seen.

“Part of something bigger.”

 

As she stuck me in the spine with that syringe, my body was torn with
pain. I could feel something inside my mind being pulled and pushed. I
saw my memories as two-fold, overlapping my hands with images of claws
and teeth. I imagined my face dipping into an open chest cavity, tearing
at raw meat with predatory fervor. I could hear the narrator from the
nature documentary.

“…a watchful eye for encroaching lions…”

Then, the voice of my neighbor, Roger.

“… don’t be scared to ask for help…”

I saw myself crouching in a field of dry grass, holding something in a
scaly hand. There were others near me; their eyes shining in the
moonlight. I could hear my voice, but using another’s words.

“… Good-Colony…”

I saw myself swimming. Diving. Spearing strange creatures and feeling
the warmth of their blood spread through the waters. Dragging something
by a slick fin through black sands as the young cheered and hollered on
a torch-lit beach. The pole star looked the same.

Then, the sound of a crying infant. An all-encompassing, helpless,
squealing.

“Good-Prey.”

An emotionless image of a mother torn from her child is drawn further
and further away, fragmenting as the syringe digs deeper into my spinal
cord, and pulls a dark veil over thoughts that were never mine to begin
with.

 

When I woke up, I was lying flat on my stomach. I could feel gravel
scraping against my face. I sucked in a breath, accidentally choking on
dust. As I coughed, I could feel this intense relief flushing through me
as realization dawned.

I was okay. I could control myself. They got that thing out.

It took hours to walk back home. I had nothing but a hoodie, shoes, and
underwear. I’d lost the plastic bag somewhere along the way. I was
shivering so badly that my teeth chattered, and I could feel my left eye
starting to swell. There were bumps and bruises all over my body, and
I’d twisted my right ankle, giving me a limp.

When I got home and entered my apartment, I saw the devastation for what
it was. Everything was broken or thrown to the floor. They’d shut off
the water to my apartment. The TV was still running, showing another
nature documentary in the background. I stepped over glass and wood,
slowly making my way back to my kitchen. The walls were covered in
markings and signs, half of which I didn’t even remember making.

But it was over. Despite it all, it was over.

 

I talked to Roger the next day. He didn’t press any charges. He insisted
that whoever that was, it wasn’t me. I know he recognized it was my
body, but he had seen something clear; it was my body, but it wasn’t me.
He’d looked me in the eye, but he knew there was something else holding
the reins. He didn’t ask for an apology. He didn’t even ask what
happened. He was just glad to see I was okay.

I checked the mineral water bottles. Turns out, they expired in the
90’s. I didn’t even know water could expire. There was this mineral
build-up at the bottom that I thought about sending to a lab, but I
ended up flushing it all down the sink and throwing away the bottles. I
couldn’t stand thinking about them.

Despite it all, I stayed in that apartment for six more years. Roger and
his wife eventually moved out, and now that it’s my time to move on, I
have mixed feelings. Those four days feel like someone else’s life
superimposed onto mine. It was a glimpse into something that shouldn’t
have happened, and I can’t begin to imagine the implications.

I’ve never seen that woman again. No one has ever talked to me about it.
For all intents and purposes, it’s like it never happened.

 

But sometimes, as I look up at the night sky, I see the pole star.

And I get this sense that something else sees it too.
