We wanted to do something special for Lindsay‚Äôs birthday. She‚Äôd turned
30 just as the Covid lockdown came into effect, so we missed a big one.
So when the stars finally aligned and our calendars synced up, we
decided we were gonna get her something special. A girls‚Äô night out, for
the first time in years.

Lindsay always had a bit of a dark streak. Her birthday is just one week
before Halloween, so by then everything is pumpkin flavored and covered
in plastic spider webs. Spooky things were just part of her aesthetic,
and even as a mother of two we‚Äôd still see her sporting a skull necklace
or pentagram earrings every now and then.

But we were running out of time. We couldn‚Äôt decide what to do. Some of
us could set aside the whole weekend, others had to work or be home by
midnight. It was getting difficult to settle on a single thing that
would fit everyone.

That is, until Aggie found something that was just perfect.

An escape room.

‚Äã

We all met up on a Saturday. It was me, Dawn, Aggie, and Lindsay. After
a fancy dinner and a long walk, we arrived at the Apostle Collective
building. They‚Äôd opened about a year ago, and they‚Äôd been booked solid
all spring long. That we managed to book a room this close to Halloween
was nothing short of a miracle. Some of you have probably heard about
them, they‚Äôre sort of a chain. They got like five locations, most of
them in Minnesota.

The place was spot on. It didn‚Äôt just have the classic Halloween stuff,
but smoke machines, hidden speakers, projectors‚Ä¶ the whole kit. The
staff were dressed up in prosthetics, looking like old-time zombie
carnival workers. We stepped in, they checked our booking, and gave us a
little box of free popcorn. Lindsay was ecstatic. We‚Äôd told the staff it
was all for her birthday, so they paid a little extra attention to her.
She deserved it.

As we stepped up to the door, they gave us an introduction.

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou‚Äôre stepping into the Box of the Godless Grinning Witch,‚Äù we were
told. ‚ÄúThis is our longest, scariest room yet. Pretty much brand new,
apart from playtesters. You were lucky to get a booking, the other group
cancelled last minute! Either way, all you need to solve it can be found
in there, just try not to break any furniture or move something that‚Äôs
been bolted down. None of the clues will require a lot of force, so you
wouldn‚Äôt have to break anything, or exert yourself.‚Äù

‚ÄúAre there actors?‚Äù Dawn asked. ‚ÄúYou can tell us, right?‚Äù

‚ÄúI can, but I won‚Äôt. But whatever happens, you won‚Äôt be harmed.
Something might reach for you, chase you, touch you, but no harm. So
please try to keep that in mind.‚Äù

‚ÄúCan, uh‚Ä¶ are you leaving the door open?‚Äù Aggie asked. ‚ÄúCan we leave at
any time?‚Äù

‚ÄúJust knock, or send us a text. The door locks automatically, but we can
open it remotely with the click of a button. Just knock.‚Äù

‚ÄúSo what‚Äôs the story, what‚Äôs our deal?‚Äù interrupted Lindsay. ‚ÄúGhouls?
Ghosts? Vampires?‚Äù

I was so happy to see Lindsay like that. She could barely stand still.

‚Äã

The Box of the Godless Grinning Witch is about a cruel witch who have
trapped four souls in a little box. As they scramble to get out, they
start realizing they‚Äôre not alone. The souls have to find a way out
while avoiding the monstrous beings trapped in there with them. There
were no more hints, and part of the experience was going into it knowing
just two things; we had been captured, and we weren‚Äôt alone.

Aggie kept her phone so she could text for hints and reach the staff if
necessary. The rest of us put ours away. This was gonna be an intense
game, with a solve time average of about four hours. That said, we were
allowed to stay until midnight. And if we solved it without a hint, we
got a very special prize. We could also send them a text to pause the
game for a bathroom break.

We put away our coats, Dawn did a little stretch, and Lindsay was
visibly shaking with excitement. This was gonna be good.

‚Äã

I was the last one to step inside. Just as the door closed behind us, I
noticed the staff member suddenly look off to the side. Their brow
furrowed as they stepped back.

In the blink of an eye, they were gone.

Then the door slammed shut.

‚Äã

There was something off, but I didn‚Äôt want to alarm anyone. They were so
excited, and the game was just getting started.

It was a black, windowless room. Lindsay was being chatty, but Dawn and
Aggie were kind of wondering what the hell they‚Äôd agreed to. After a few
seconds, there was this chilling laugh, followed by a light.

They‚Äôd installed a video projector in the ceiling. The entire room lit
up, as we looked up to see a video of an impossibly large woman looking
down on us, like we were the size of a rubik‚Äôs cube in her hand. She had
these sunken, joyless eyes, and a wide grin that stretched ear to ear.
Clearly CGI. Far above her, we could see the full moon. As an effect, it
was pretty impressive.

‚ÄúI think she‚Äôs based on a local legend,‚Äù said Aggie. ‚ÄúSome kind of
pilgrim myth. I‚Äôve heard about this.‚Äù

As the Grinning Witch put her hand over us, the room went dark once
again, and electric torches flared up along the walls. The game was on.

‚Äã

There were all kinds of items all around. Paintings, carpets, chests,
tables with strange runes‚Ä¶ classic escape room stuff. We all split up
and started looking through whatever we could first get our hands on.
Aggie found some sort of pamphlet and started calling out names. Dawn
found a set of numbers under a chair. Lindsay was just soaking up the
atmosphere, trying to find clues in the paintings.

About thirty minutes in, there was this awful sound. A rattling cage,
followed by snapping metal. There was a loud moan, and approaching
footsteps. There were a few spots in the room that were obvious hiding
places, so we hurried inside. Lindsay couldn‚Äôt stop giggling, and even I
felt my pulse racing a bit.

‚Äã

But nothing happened. The pre-recorded noises came and went. There was
this disconnect, like a pair of real footsteps were supposed to sort of
‚Äútake over‚Äù the sound, but nothing happened. We just hid for a couple of
minutes, then stepped out.

‚ÄúDid we miss something?‚Äù Dawn asked.

There was a pregnant pause as we looked around the room. Nothing.
Strange.

‚Äã

We made decent progress. We found a set of keys that opened a chest,
which revealed a blacklight disguised as a candle. Using it, we found a
set of codes to decipher using a set of runes. We found out there was a
touchpad behind a painting, which we could use to write a code, that in
turn opened a small side-room full of clues. So yeah, decent progress.

Then again, we heard strange noises. Rattling chains, loud moans, and
thundering footsteps. We figured this was it, that the previous one had
just been a warning. So again we rushed to our hiding spaces.

And again, nothing happened.

This time, something was clearly broken. There was a recorded voice
coming from the ceiling.

‚ÄúI think he likes you‚Ä¶‚Äù it whispered.

‚ÄúLike hell he does,‚Äù Aggie frowned. ‚ÄúHe‚Äôs not coming out!‚Äù

‚ÄúRelatable,‚Äù grinned Dawn. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm using the bathroom. Text ‚Äôem.‚Äù

‚Äã

Aggie texted the staff as Dawn pulled on the door.

It was still locked.

‚ÄúWait,‚Äù Aggie said. ‚ÄúThey haven‚Äôt responded yet.‚Äù

Dawn knocked on the door. There was no response. No sound.

‚ÄúStill nothing,‚Äù added Aggie. ‚ÄúNo one.‚Äù

Something turned in my stomach. That sudden pinch of worry that
something had gone terribly wrong. As Dawn kept pulling on the door,
Lindsay stopped smiling. The pep in her step faded.

‚ÄúIs this part of it?‚Äù Lindsay asked. ‚ÄúIs it a meta thing? Are you in on
it?‚Äù

‚ÄúNo!‚Äù I protested. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs j-just one of those auto-locking doors, and
they forgot to set it open. Right? It‚Äôs probably nothing, right?‚Äù

‚ÄúNo response,‚Äù sighed Aggie, holding her phone up. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm calling Hank.‚Äù

‚Äã

As the others gathered around Aggie, I stepped away for a second.
Aggie‚Äôs husband, Hank, wasn‚Äôt picking up. I put my ear up against the
walls and listened, figuring I might be able to hear the staff
chit-chatting in the next room over. There were supposed to be actors
here, or staff just outside. Something about this wasn‚Äôt adding up.

As I leaned against the wall, listening, I heard footsteps again.

But this time, they didn‚Äôt sound pre-recorded.

‚Äã

I hurried to the others, holding a finger up to my lips. ‚ÄúListen‚Äù I
mouthed. There was a slit in the wall where a door could open from the
other side. Someone was coming this way.

‚ÄúIs that them?‚Äù Dawn asked. ‚ÄúIs that-‚Äú

Those were big steps. Really big, heavy steps. Without knowing who was
coming, we all just silently agreed that this whole thing felt
completely off. No one knew what to do.

‚ÄúHide!‚Äù Dawn hissed.

There were plenty of things to hide behind, but the room was small.
They‚Äôd find us in no-time. Despite that, Lindsay and I hid in the small
side-room. We shut the door, held our breaths, and waited. Dawn was
small enough to fit in a chest, while Aggie hid behind a curtain in the
back of the room. In the low light, it might just work.

‚Äã

As the doors slid open, I could hear heavy breathing. Big, dragging
feet, and a weird wet snorting noise. A clear scratching sound as
something sharp was pulled across the floor.

‚ÄúPlease pick the small one first, Byron‚Äù a hoarse voice wheezed. ‚ÄúGo on,
pick it!‚Äù

A pig-like screech echoed through the room in response. This wasn‚Äôt a
recording, this was coming from whoever was in the room. There really
was something there. Something big.

I heard the sudden sound of tearing fabric and a scream. This awful,
drawn-out death scream. A shrieking, pleading terror, as someone was
physically dragged out of the room. I‚Äôd never heard anything like it,
and it was impossible to tell who it was.

Then, with a thud, it all went silent. The door was closed.

‚Äã

Lindsay and I peeked out. The curtain that Aggie had hid behind had been
torn down.

She was gone.

There was blood.

‚Äã

We found Dawn curled up in a chest, shivering. She couldn‚Äôt make eye
contact. When we tried to snap her out of it, she just screamed and
clawed at us. Her eyes were wild, and she was barely breathing.

‚ÄúDid you see anything?‚Äù Lindsay whispered. ‚ÄúW-what‚Ä¶ what was it?‚Äù

Dawn just shook her head. I could see there was a crack in the wooden
chest, she might‚Äôve been able to see something. We just weren‚Äôt getting
through to her.

‚ÄúI‚Äôm not‚Ä¶ not waiting for that to come back,‚Äù Lindsay said. ‚ÄúHelp me get
the lights.‚Äù

‚ÄúW-what?‚Äù I shivered.

‚ÄúThe lights! It can‚Äôt find us in the dark!‚Äù

‚Äã

We went torch by torch and shut it all down. The room went completely
dark, and we gathered by Dawn‚Äôs hiding spot. We crouched next to her,
trying to calm down.

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs part of it, right?‚Äù whispered Dawn. ‚ÄúIs Aggie in on it? Are‚Ä¶ are
you just fucking with me?‚Äù

‚ÄúNo, something‚Äôs‚Ä¶ something‚Äôs wrong!‚Äù I whispered back. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry,
Dawn, it‚Äôs‚Ä¶ there‚Äôs-‚Äú

‚ÄúBullshit!‚Äù wheezed Lindsay. ‚ÄúThis is fucking bullshit, and‚Ä¶ and I‚Äôm
not‚Ä¶ who‚Äôs got the phone?‚Äù

We all went quiet.

Aggie was the one with the phone.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThere has to be fucking‚Ä¶ something!‚Äù said Lindsay. ‚ÄúFeel around.‚Äù

‚ÄúFor what?!‚Äù I wheezed. ‚ÄúWhere?!‚Äù

‚ÄúI-I don‚Äôt know! How the fuck should I know?! J-just‚Ä¶ just try! Do
something!‚Äù

I stepped up to the door. Still locked, and no one outside. I started
feeling around, only to find two cables. They might just be a light or
something, but there was another possibility.

‚ÄúL-look, maybe‚Ä¶ the door is locked until we text them or time is up.
What if the door unlocks? Like, what if it unlocks when we solve it?‚Äù

‚ÄúIt won‚Äôt work,‚Äù sighed Lindsay. ‚ÄúThere are some things in here that
require a staff member to manually click something open with a button.
Some clues just won‚Äôt work without it. But I don‚Äôt think there‚Äôs anyone
out there anymore.‚Äù

‚ÄúWhat about‚Ä¶ fire escapes? Y-you can‚Äôt just‚Ä¶ just lock people in a
room!‚Äù

I could hear Lindsay sink down to the floor.

‚ÄúThis is a mistake,‚Äù she cried. ‚ÄúA-all of it.‚Äù

‚Äã

The side door slammed open again.

Big, heaving footsteps came in. Even in the complete dark, we could tell
there was someone huge in here with us. Someone who smelled like dirt.
Again, something sharp scraped across the floor.

‚ÄúByron, get another one!‚Äù a voice laughed. ‚ÄúWhichever you like!‚Äù

I just pushed myself up against the wall and turned my head on the side.
I tried making myself as flat as possible. I knew Lindsay was doing the
same. Dawn, on the other hand, was panicking.

‚ÄúNo-!‚Äù she coughed. ‚ÄúNonononono!‚Äù

‚Äã

A loud pig-like snort. The scraping thing was lifted off the ground. I
heard two feet firmly planting in the ground as something heavy was
lifted, and Dawn fell to the ground with a thud. She tried to talk, but
she‚Äôd had all wind knocked out of her. Instead, she just tried to get
away.

I heard a loud exhale. The kind of sound where someone gets something
heavy dropped on them. And in the seconds that followed, I heard this
large being, ‚ÄúByron‚Äù, violently drag Dawn out of the room. To the
untrained ear, her scream was almost the same as Aggie‚Äôs.

‚Äã

As the door slammed shut again, I could hear Lindsay sobbing just a few
feet away. I couldn‚Äôt move. My body was stopping me from comforting her,
and I‚Äôd been so tense my neck was stiff from pushing my face against the
wall. For what felt like hours, we just waited. It was probably just
minutes.

Finally, Lindsay got up. She fumbled her way over to one of the tables,
flipped it on its‚Äô side, and broke a leg off. Then she did it again and
handed the second leg to me.

‚ÄúDon‚Äôt just‚Ä¶ just let them, you know?‚Äù she said. ‚ÄúOkay?‚Äù

‚ÄúY-yeah,‚Äù I nodded. ‚ÄúYeah, n-no I‚Ä¶ I won‚Äôt.‚Äù

I started to hyperventilate as my fingers wrapped around the slippery
wood. There was no way I could use this. My hands were so sweaty the
thing was falling out of my grip. I couldn‚Äôt fight, not with that. Not
against whatever was taking us out one by one.

‚ÄúMaybe‚Ä¶ Maybe barricade the door?‚Äù she said. ‚ÄúYeah. Let‚Äôs-‚Äú

‚ÄúWait!‚Äù

It was a good idea, but it was too dark. That, and I could hear the
footsteps coming again. Faster this time. Determined.

‚Äã

The thing entered on its‚Äô own. No guiding voice. Lindsay and I held
hands and pushed ourselves up against the wall. I couldn‚Äôt hear it
dragging anything this time, but I could hear lips smacking, followed by
these high-pitched micro-grunts. Whatever it was, it was loud, and it
was munching on something.

It wandered around for a while, feeling around the table, the chest, and
even the little side-room. After a few minutes it seemed satisfied not
to have found us and headed back to the door.

Just as it was about to exit, we hit the 90-minute mark. The game,
partly automated, was still running. The projector came on again,
displaying this large woman in the ceiling.

‚Äã

The entire room was lit up.

It immediately saw us.

‚Äã

The thing was easily 6‚Äô8. It was dressed in this sort of torn varsity
jacket, with filthy mud-covered jeans. There were long strands of black
fur poking out of every cut and tear in its‚Äô clothes, making it look
like a badly stuffed scarecrow.

It wasn‚Äôt fully human.

His head looked like a boar. It looked right at us, its‚Äô snout twitching
with excitement. He had these small, dark eyes. I‚Äôll never forget how,
when it looked at me, they lit up with nothing but joy. No matter the
species, you can just tell. It was looking forward to this. There was no
fear, no malice, just‚Ä¶ unbridled, violent, joy. Like a kid tearing into
a happy meal.

Meeting my eyes, the thing just screamed like a wounded pig, and
charged.

‚Äã

I stepped on my own feet and stumbled backwards. Hadn‚Äôt it been for
Lindsay still holding my hand I would‚Äôve gone down like a sack of flour.
Instead, I barely stayed on my feet, as we rushed to the other side of
the room.

‚ÄúStill down there, playthings?‚Äù the recording in the ceiling spoke.
‚ÄúWill you not give up?‚Äù

As the video played above us, the light in the room shifted. Whenever
she was more in frame, the light grew more distant. When she moved back,
the full moon came into view.

‚ÄúHe‚Äôll get you, playthings,‚Äù the narration continued. ‚ÄúIt is so, so
futile.‚Äù

There was blood on his jacket. Fresh blood.

‚Äã

As the video finished, we‚Äôd ran a full lap of the room. We were back at
the door, and this time he was charging straight ahead. At the last
second, Lindsay let go of my hand, and we fell to the side. The boar-man
ran straight into the door. It seemed to upset him, as he focused all
his rage on it. Pounding, tearing, biting. All the while roaring like a
wounded animal. His joy was gone. This was frustration. Hunger.

It didn‚Äôt take him long to break the door open, and as light flooded in,
he turned to look down the hall. The brightness from the street outside
seemed to scare him, as he took off out the back.

Lindsay and I stayed on the floor a couple of seconds, just to insure
ourselves that the thing was gone. We eventually crawled out the door,
ready to run.

‚Äã

There were bloodied handprints on the walls. Something resembling a
fingernail. Blood spatter on the ceiling. We ignored it all, got up, and
went straight for the exit.

‚ÄúCome on, come on, come on‚Ä¶‚Äù

I‚Äôd sprained my ankle, and Lindsay was bleeding from her hand.

‚Äã

We were about 40 feet from the door when we heard that voice again. The
voice that‚Äôd guided the boar-man. Neither of us turned to see him. We
just had to keep going.

‚ÄúTell them!‚Äù he screamed. ‚ÄúTell them there will be no carnival games in
the name of her ladyship! Tell them to fear! Tell them all! Tell them to
fear the Grinning Witch!‚Äù

He laughed so hard he couldn‚Äôt breathe. Lindsay pulled me along when all
I wanted was to collapse and cry.

We burst through the doors and into the night. And far behind us, the
laughter faded.

‚Äã

Putting it all in writing feels a bit weird, like I‚Äôm telling someone
else‚Äôs story. But Lindsay is as real as the last time I met her, and I
don‚Äôt think we‚Äôll ever overcome the trauma. I still feel myself stopping
at random times, listening for footsteps. Lindsay has developed a sort
of claustrophobia. No more locked doors, ever.

The police chalked it all up as an armed robbery. The security cameras
picked up four intruders getting in through the back door. Three hooded
figures, and a large ‚Äúmasked man‚Äù in a varsity jacket. The case was
handed off to a special unit, and promptly dropped. We didn‚Äôt get any
updates after that.

It wasn‚Äôt filed as a kidnapping, or murder, or similar. All they could
prove was the break-in, but as far as what happened to Dawn, Aggie, and
the staff members? No one knows. There was no car speeding off into the
night. There were no witnesses. They seemingly vanished into thin air.

‚Äã

It is true that the Grinning Witch was a bit of a local legend. A witch
that collected cursed animals, and people, and put them all in a box.
The escape room barely had anything to do with it though, it was just
loosely based on that idea. But somehow that was enough to draw out some
kind of hate sect.

But I‚Äôll never forget the man with the boar head. No matter how I think
about it, no matter how I try to wrap my head around it, I can‚Äôt stop
thinking about him. That was no man in a mask. That snout was wet, and
those teeth were real. Nutjobs are everywhere, but that thing? No.¬ÝNo,
it couldn‚Äôt be. It literally couldn‚Äôt be.

‚Äã

I don‚Äôt think this will ever be resolved. Why would it be? Things like
this don‚Äôt just happen. They don‚Äôt.

But this time, they did.
