I moved to a good-looking mansion with my family last month. I wish we
were still in our tiny cabin around our small village. How does a
regular mid-class family end up in a huge mansion after living in that
tiny wooden cabin? Well, it is for sure a natural question to consider.

It all started last month in our village around Oregon. Our village is
not so far from Portland and the place which our village is in can be
considered as a high-elevation region. It was moderately populated in
the time we lived there but I don’t know the current situation back
there. Although it didn’t take much space in the region, it was a pretty
wooded area.

During our last days there, my father was completely ready to start a
small local business in our village. He was working in a huge lumber
mill factory in Portland but wasn’t satisfied with his tough job. He was
working long hours and had to look over my mother.

She was not physically ill but was having a difficult time back then
because of her sister’s sudden death. It wasn’t going to pass if we
waited weeks anyway, so my father decided to find another job in other
factories in our region and even in Portland. But the working hours they
offered were not suitable for him.

Because of that, he decided to create his own scrap business. It was not
hard for him to start because he was discussing this idea with his
friends for a long time. They were saying that he should have been
managing his own business already because his organization skills were
awesome. So his friends were already ready to contribute by working or
financially supporting.

When my father was just planning to start his business the next day,
something happened. My mother was cleaning the cabin for visitors and
came across a hole in the wall of my room. First she thought it was just
an ordinary hole because of some random plastering mistake.

But by the time she was leaving my room she noticed something weird: The
hole was so deep and wide that it seemed designed for hiding something.
She approached it slowly and noticed sets of bent bills which were
rolled with rubber bands.

She took them from the bulkhead and started to count: One hundred, a
thousand, a ten thousand… She couldn’t notice the large number of those
banknotes a moment ago. She was tossing these bills on my desk with huge
excitement. Her hands were shaking continuously. She wished to tell the
family but no one was in the cabin that afternoon.

When she was just approaching thirty thousand she noticed something
weird: There were complex symbols on the banknotes she was holding. She
didn’t care at first. But when she kept counting she saw more of those
symbols. Her curiosity got the upper hand.

She stopped counting and began to investigate: They were definitely
drawn by an ordinary ballpoint pen. Formless ink spots could be seen
very close to those drawings on some bills.

There were strange entities on those banknotes. They had detailed
human-like bodies with many minor and major wounds. Each wound had a
different shape and coverage. Their head shapes were nearly the same as
those of humans. There were smiles on their faded faces but something
was deeply disturbing about those expressions.

Their left eyes were a bit squint and their right pupils were barely
white. So much so that my mother couldn’t even notice those whitenesses
at that moment. And their legs… They were the creepiest part. Their left
legs were clearly overturned and their right toes couldn’t be seen
because of that.

I know those drawings very well because I saw them too. But I shouldn’t
have seen them. Because everything began with those creature drawings.

My mother felt uncomfortable about these drawings and couldn’t
understand how the same image kept appearing on bill after bill. All
marks were entirely identical. No one could draw such complicated
entities the same way twice. Even if someone duplicated them, there
should have been at least small mistakes. And there were not just a
couple of bills like that on my desk.

She counted the marked banknotes: Ten, twenty, fifty… Although there
were far more, she stopped there. She probably didn’t want to scare
herself any longer.

She decided to wait for my father to tell him about the banknotes. My
mother doesn’t scare easily but even her fear was rising considerably.
You could hear it in her frightened voice when she told me this story
later.

I am way more sensitive than my mother. So this event laid the
foundation of my terrible period of nightmares.




