Throughout my life, I’ve experienced a nightly event that has followed
me into adulthood. All this time, it never seemed like a real threat.
This last year proved otherwise.

The first time it happened I was young, probably about 6 years old. It
started the same then as it does now, I was just in my bed sleeping,
until I awoke to a sharp, slow tapping on my bedroom window. Being so
young, I didn’t know what to do, so I froze. The “thing” by my window
kept up its tapping for 10 minutes. Sometimes it sped up, other times it
would slow down or move to different sections of the glass. For some
reason, I always felt like the tapping quickened if I thought about
looking at it, but I had no real proof of that.

The one thing that made it very consistent was how it ended, with a
sharp dragging noise going down the glass before it stopped completely.
After that, I found the courage to push my toddler frame up and stand on
the bed. Peeking through the curtains I saw nothing, another frustrating
consistency this thing had.

Telling my parents about it the next morning before school, they feigned
interest before my dad dismissed the monster theory.

“Part of living in the country Ollie, lots of critters come by to say
hi” he said.

“Probably a silly raccoon trying to play with his own reflection.” my
mother said with a chuckle.

Despite what many may call dismissive, my parents really can’t be blamed
for their reaction. After all, I was the type of kid to go on about how
our dog could talk to me but didn’t talk to my parents because they only
talked about work and bills. To give my parents even more credit, as the
tapping kept going for the following nights, they played into my
“imagination” and looked for the monster by my window. Every time this
happened, the tapping would stop, then as soon as my parents found
nothing and we all went back to bed, it started right back up until it
completed its ten minutes of racket.

For weeks my brain worked up as many schemes as possible to catch the
tapper. No matter how fast I opened the curtains or how often my parents
looked, it would always be gone before anyone could see. Then as soon as
I gave up and laid back down, the sound returned to finish its routine.
After trying to discover what was happening for so long I eventually
decided that as long as whatever it was couldn’t get through my window,
I would be fine.

To make myself feel safer, I remembered that my dad kept a few old
padlocks and latches in his shed. Sneaking in there one afternoon I
found the box they were kept in and grabbed a handful of supplies. After
struggling for around half an hour I had managed to roughly nail two
hook latches into the wooden frame of my window without alerting my
parents. I then looped the padlock through and locked it shut. Pulling
with all my strength, the window wouldn’t budge open. Grinning at my own
ingenuity, I went to sleep that night feeling like I had won in some
way. I woke at the usual time of 3:30 AM to hear the tapping. After the
ten minutes were up I eagerly checked out the window to see the lock
holding firmly in place.

The next morning I woke up still pleased with myself for outwitting
whatever it was that tapped each night. I swung open the curtains to
admire my handiwork once again when my smile dropped.

While the window remained completely untouched, the lock, latches, and
nails were all gone.

Fear overwhelmed me as I desperately hoped that I would go to breakfast
to hear my dad scolding me for taking his things without permission. I
had never wanted to be in trouble more than in that moment.

Dad never said a word about that lock, and while I could always tell
myself he silently took his things back, I knew that wasn’t true. The
box in the shed was still missing the stuff I grabbed.

After the lock went missing, I felt like I was out of options, and in
reality I pretty much was. So I started doing what I do to this day,
just let it happen. My body grew used to it, waking up each night to
listen for 10 minutes, from 3:30-3:40 AM. Over the years not much of
note occurred except a few things that I remember.

The first time something different happened was about 6 months after it
started. I was staying over at my friend Jed’s house for a sleepover. I
woke up just before 3:30 like I usually do. I listened for a few minutes
and like normal, I heard tapping on the window. I didn’t even realize it
at first, I was so used to the routine of it that I didn’t even think to
question anything.

Looking over at Jed sleeping on an air mattress it hit me. How could
this be happening away from my house? Being so young, I didn’t really
process all of this until a year or so down the line. However, it became
abundantly clear over the years that whatever did this followed me
around. On every family vacation and sleepover I would hear it. Even on
camping trips, I would wake up to hear tapping the side of my tent.

The next time something changed, I was in the third grade. It was
Veterans Day at school, and as a special guest we had one classmates dad
come by to do a presentation and talk to us. He had served in the navy
and, for a couple hours, we listened to stories, asked questions, and
did some activities. It was all pretty basic stuff but I remember my
favorite part of the day was him teaching us about morse code, and we
all got to learn how to use it.

We took turns in groups of two taking a flashlight and signaling
different messages to each other. However, the only one that really
stuck with anybody was how to signal SOS. It was pretty simple, 3 quick
flashes, 3 slow flashes, and then another 3 quick flashes. Jed and I
spent a good 15 minutes just doing that over and over again before we
got in trouble for flashing the light in a girls eyes too many times.

That night, my parents even got to see just how good I had gotten at my
SOS signaling, before again getting the flashlight taken away after
shining it in my own eye. Despite that, I fell asleep proud of my new
survival skills.

Waking up that night to the usual routine I had made, I groggily came to
understand the pattern hitting the glass.

tap! tap! tap! Tap. Tap. Tap. tap! tap! tap!

It repeated to tap SOS on the glass for 10 minutes while I tensed in my
suddenly freezing bed, before the sound dragged away like normal. That
was the only time it used any real code that I can recognize. It doesn’t
use actual patterns often, but on occasion I can hear it tapping out
rough melodies. The songs I do recognize all come from my childhood.

For years this went on, and I’d now spent much more of my life with the
tapping than without. Apart from the occasional unsettling nature of it,
I hadn’t really been bothered by the sounds. Part of me even started to
think I was the only one who could hear it. Aside from Jed, I didn’t
have much for friends, and even he didn’t stay at my house very often.
As far as I knew, I was the only one who did hear it. Going into my mid
teens, it even gave me a weird sense of comfort. It’s hard to describe
but it felt so private. I could be making it all up in my head but it
was something just for me to experience and no one else. Those 10
minutes every night were completely mine, and I liked that.

This all leads up to the last year and a half. After my 22nd birthday, I
finally found a small house I could rent in town, only about 20 minutes
from my parents place. I liked staying close to home but this finally
gave me my own space. My dad and Jed helped me move in, and after my
first night, I knew the tapping followed. It wasn’t a surprise at this
point, I knew it happened no matter where I was, and honestly, I was
happy to know it’d stay. I liked a certain level of isolation but the
company every night really became something I looked forward to.

The house itself wasn’t much, my bedroom led out to a short hallway
opposite of my bathroom. Past the hall was my living room and a small
kitchen that felt more like a corner than its own separate room. At
first it seemed cramped, especially with Jed’s large frame carrying my
moving boxes through the short hall, taking up most of the walking room.
But after falling into a new routine, I felt like a king.

At least I did for about 4 months. See Jed still lived with his mom and
I knew for a while now that they had been arguing more and more.
Eventually, he got caught with some weed in his room and she kicked him
out. When he came to me asking for a place to stay for a few weeks, I
really didn’t want to give in. It sounds selfish to say but I really
never liked sharing my living space, and I didn’t want to end up turning
Jed’s few week stay into a permanent roommate agreement.

I did decide to cave, since he was my closest friend, and to his credit
he was really grateful. Just for letting him sleep on my couch he went
to the trouble of buying me a huge floor speaker as a thank you. It was
nice for a couple nights until my landlord told me about noise
complaints and forced me to stop using it. Still, it was useful to pile
laundry on top of since it sat on the wall closest to my bed and I still
hadn’t bought a clothes basket.

After about 2 weeks, I really did start to like having Jed around, since
it meant we got to hang out a lot more often. Every couple nights we’d
boot up some games from really old consoles we were given during our
childhood and replay them while we had some drinks. A lot of these were
outdated even when we were kids so it was fun seeing how bad some of
them were now. One night, Jed brought home a PlayStation 2 that his
uncle had saved. I grabbed some beer from the local gas station and we
spent hours going through the variety of old, crappy games that we grew
up thinking were gold.

After about 6 hours, we were both pretty far gone and yet we still had a
handful of games to go through before we agreed to call it a morning at
that point.

Jed clumsily fiddled with the PlayStation, “I ain’t satisfied til I’ve
played some Resident Evil man”.

“You didn’t even like that game when we were kids dipshit” I laughed

“Fuckin thing was scary bro! Only reason you liked it was to stare at
that blonde Ashley.”

“And it was worth every second of playing”

While Jed fumbled through the remaining cases we hadn’t touched, I took
a chance to stretch and glance outside for a minute. Not a single
neighbor of mine had their lights on anymore. Curious, I pulled my phone
out to check the time.

3:22 A.M.

It felt like a spike ran through my body. Should I leave it be? Surely I
can skip for a night and stay up with Jed.

But something felt wrong about that. I had never missed it. I shouldn’t
have been up this late. I needed to get to my room even for just 15
minutes. I glanced at my phone again.

3:24 A.M.

My palms began to sweat as I looked over at Jed, now placing the game
into the PlayStation and sliding it shut.

“Alright let’s get started! Pass me another beer dude”

I stayed silent, barely listening to him

“Dude?”

I looked outside again

“Ollie can you quit thinking about Ashley Graham’s tits for 2 seconds
and pass me a beer!?” Jed practically yelled with a huge grin.

“Shit yeah- I mean- hey fuck you dude, take your beer” I said, realizing
too late what he said.

Jed practically cackled “fuckin got ’em!”

“Whatever dude” I tried to smile and play it off, sitting back down.

“This is your game man, I’m passing the controller off to you alright?”

I paused, taking a chance to glance at my phone again.

3:27 A.M.

I couldn’t stay.

“Shit, hey dude, you get it started for me alright? I gotta do something
quick”

“You gotta take a piss as soon as I start this up huh?”

“Nah, I just have to go to my room and do something real quick, just
give me like 10 or 15 minutes”

“The fuck you gotta do?”

“I can tell you when I get back, just give me a bit, okay?”

Before he could answer I got up and headed towards my room. I had to
contain myself from moving faster than a walk, I didn’t need Jed
thinking something was wrong and following me.

I closed my bedroom door behind me and checked the time

3:29 A.M.

I made it. Laying down on the bed, I breathed a sigh of relief and
closed my eyes. My head spun from the alcohol as I listened for the
sound of my nightly companion.

Tap tap. Tap. Tap tap tap tap. Tap tap.

I listened as a rhythmic pattern formed on the window. Opening my eyes
only occasionally to check how long I had before I could go back and
come up with an excuse to give Jed.

Tap. Tap tap tap tap. Tap tap.

I turned over on my side and stared at the base of the floor speaker Jed
had gotten me. Only the bottom was visible due to the pile of clothes
draped over it. My thoughts drifted away from the tapping for a moment
to reminisce on what I would tell Jed when I came back. I only got a
moment of this before I heard a palm slap against my bedroom door.

“Ollie! The hell are you doing man? You calling it a night already?”

I looked at my clock.

3:34 A.M.

Shit.

“I-I’ll be back in a few minutes bro, just give me some time okay?”

Jed’s slurred laugh came through the door. “What are you fucking up to
in there dude?! You beating your shit in there or something?”

I rubbed my face with my palms. “Fuck off dude, just wait for me for a
few more minutes.”

“If I come in there and you’re doing some freaky shit, you ain’t
touching that controller again dude!”

I sat up and looked at my clock.

3:35 A.M.

Before I could tell Jed to leave me alone again, he stumbled through the
door.

“You gotta put a lock on this shit if you plan on abandoning your friend
just to wack off!”

Jed tripped through with one hand over his eyes and another outstretched
trying to feel his way around.

I snapped “Jed! If I need some fucking privacy in my own place I’ll take
it dammit!”

He pulled his hand off his face. “Wow dude sorry, chill out I was just
making a joke.”

“I know dude just give me a few minutes… fuck.”

“Alright man jeez” he turned to leave but before I could close the door
he spun back around.

“The fucks that noise?”

I froze for a second. “I don’t hear anything.”

I heard exactly what Jed did, but I had no idea why it hadn’t stopped
when he walked in. I had never had anyone else hear the tapping, not
even my parents when I begged them to check as a child.

“Somethings hitting your window bro” Jed insisted.

“Probably a tree branch”

“You only have trees in the front yard dude”

I took a deep breath, just my luck that the drunk guy making an ass of
himself 10 seconds ago is able to make logical determinations in his
next sentence. It didn’t help any that I never could lie for shit.

“Yeah dude I don’t know, I’ll take a look after a bit.”

Jed stared at me with a furrowed brow before pushing past me, sitting up
on the bed and walking towards my window.

“Jed don’t-“

“I’m just taking a peek calm the fuck down man.”

Jed snuck up to the window above my bed and pulled back the curtain. Not
only did the tapping stop immediately, but nothing sat outside the
glass. I exhaled.

“It’s nothing dude, see?”

“I just think it’s weird man, quit being a prick about it okay?”

“Are you done?”

Jed closed the curtain without a response and turned towards the door,
after only a few steps the tapping started again.

“The fuck?” Jed turned and threw open the curtain again only for the
same sight to show.

“Don’t look at me crazy again Ollie, I know you hear that shit too!”

I blinked at him before rubbing my blurring eyes. Maybe it was the
alcohol, or maybe Jed’s persistence, but I gave up.

“Yeah dude, I hear it every night.”

“What? Every night for how long?”

I tried to downplay it. “I don’t know, like a couple months now?”

“And you don’t know what it is?”

“No dude. I’ve tried checking a bunch of times and there’s nothing, just
like you saw.”

“Okay… but what are you actually doing up here?”

“I just… look Jed, this is gonna sound weird but I listen to it.”

“What?”

“I’ve just kinda gotten in the habit of listening to it every night. It
starts around the same time each night and I-I guess I like it.”

“You’re fucking with me.”

“You don’t gotta believe me”

Jed paused and looked back at the window. “Well shit. What do you think
it is?”

I didn’t like how calm he sounded. I desperately wanted him to dismiss
the whole thing.

“Just a raccoon I think.”

He smiled. “You don’t believe that”

“Could be anything I guess, doesn’t matter since we can’t see it.”

“I bet I could see it.”

I stared back at his grinning face. I knew he had an idea behind those
eyes that I would hate.

He explained further. “Look, you can keep up your weird nightly ritual
shit, I don’t care about that. But I wanna find out what it is.”

“Why?”

He stood for a second before smiling again. “Just sounds like the type
of dumb shit we did as kids”

I sighed once more and mulled over Jed’s idea. Realistically there was
no reason for me to worry, since neither of us knew anything about what
this thing was. Despite that, I wanted to talk him out of it. To him it
probably was just an animal, but to me it was something more. I felt
uncomfortable, however, after working out the details, we agreed on a
plan that would satisfy the both of us.

The plan was, Jed would go out the following night and stake out my
window. I would lay in bed like normal and we’d both wait for the
tapping to start. I only agreed once Jed promised not to interact with
or scare away whatever it was making the noise. Part of me really hoped
that all of this was alcohol led ambition and he really had no plan on
following through the next night. Unfortunately I woke up the next
afternoon to find him preparing for his hunt.

Outside he had found a small cover of knee high grass at the neighbors
fence that he planned to hide in.

“How obvious do I look man? Is this good cover?”

“You’re wearing a white t-shirt asswipe, no it’s not good cover.”

“I’ll wear black tonight smart ass.”

“I’d still catch your lanky frame laying in the same patch of grass the
neighborhood dogs all piss in.”

“I sleep on that greasy sofa each night dick, this feels like Egyptian
cotton by comparison.”

I felt myself smiling at Jed’s words to the point that I almost forgot
how pissed I was that he insisted on all of this. I only hoped that he
found nothing and gave up, but he was always persistent towards the
seemingly least important things.

That night, Jed said he’d start waiting outside around 2:30 A.M. to make
sure whatever was making the sound wouldn’t be there before him.

As I laid in bed, I couldn’t sleep. My mind went through an array of
thoughts that my only personal secret would all come to unfold tonight.
My mystery visitor would be exposed as some simple creature or trick of
the mind. I’d be left with unsatisfying answers to questions that had
already died years ago.

All because Jed seemingly needed to fulfill his dream of acting like a
child again. Had it been anyone else they would’ve written off the
entire thing and went on with their life. Of course I had the one friend
with nothing better to do except lay outside and wait for something to
hit my window.

I knew I was acting overly bitter at the soon to be loss of my longest
life mystery, but I couldn’t help but wish the entire illusion could
remain. I didn’t want to know what it was. More importantly, I didn’t
want Jed to know. My most personal experience was now being turned
upside down by someone with no understanding of what this meant to me.
Needless to say I was pissed at the guy, but I let him go on with his
experiment just to satisfy his curiosity.

Tossing to my side, my mind continued to wander through what Jed might
find. Making blank eye contact with the pile of clothes near my bed, I
was shaken out of my own mind by the typical tapping on my window.

For the first time in over a decade, the sound startled me. I cautiously
listened for a few minutes, worried that Jed would interrupt it all. As
time ticked by, nothing unusual seemed to occur, and after 10 minutes
straight the tapping slowly dragged away.

As soon as the tapping faded away, my body tensed with the knowledge
that Jed would burst back in and tell me everything he saw. I stared
towards my ceiling and waited.

2 minutes passed, surely he’d be in soon. Then 5 minutes, then 8.

After what felt like a second lifetime, I looked at my phone to see how
long it had been.

3:56 A.M.

What the hell was taking so long? I hadn’t heard the door open but maybe
he just went in and laid down. Surely even he needed to get some sleep
and talk about his discovery tomorrow?

I decided to rise out of bed and check quickly. Maneuvering my way
through the dark I found my bedroom door and peeked my head past the
hall.

Empty.

Silent.

Jed was still outside.

Fear struck my chest as I grabbed a jacket and pushed through my front
door. Weaving to the side of my house I called out in a forceful
whisper.

“Jed! You still out here? Get inside!”

Crickets and wind.

Moving closer to the patch of grass Jed had picked out I saw an unmoving
leg caught in the moonlight. Bile rose in my throat as I knelt down and
reached out.

“Jed, wake the fuck up, fucking move dude!”

As I pressed harder into his bigger frame he jostled back into his
previous slump. My heart raced with panic and I practically beat him in
the torso with my fist, trying to get anything to react.

Tears welled in my eyes at my waning attempts.

“Fuck dude, get up, tell me what you saw…”

I fell back from the grass and wiped my eyes, every part of me wanted to
look away, but I moved back to look at his face.

Two shadowed eyes blinked back at me, as a groaning breath parted his
lips.

“Holy shit Jed! Get the fuck up, you about gave me a heart attack you
dick!”

“I’m fine. No thanks to you, is that how you wake people up?”

His voice was stiff and low, with a tone behind it that leaked a sense
of resentment.

“Motherfucker I thought you were dead! Corpses sleep lighter than that
you crazy fuck!”

“Whatever, I’m headed back in to sleep.”

“Wait, did you see anything?”

His eyes met mine and I noticed bags under them I never knew existed.
The usual lighthearted glow you could find in his stare was gone, he
could’ve just as easily been looking at the houses behind me. I’ve felt
more compassion in eyes that pierced with hatred than the cold
indifference I now greeted.

“Nothing came by your window.” The words weren’t meant to be debated.

“But you were sleeping.”

“I waited as long as I needed to, doesn’t matter now.” He shrugged.

I squinted at his empty expression, “Bullshit.” I challenged.

“You don’t gotta believe me.”

As he turned back towards the house I was left to chew on the echo of my
old words. Technically I got what I wanted, Jed no longer seemed
interested in whatever did this. But that was the problem, Jed never had
a lack of ambition in his small adventures. In the blink of an eye, the
smile on his face that seemed almost permanent was missing. He just
didn’t engage with me or the world around him like he once did. At the
time, I tried to justify that he’d be fine the next morning, but it
never could be that easy.

I snapped back to the present once I heard the front door of my house
slam shut. Jed was gone, having left me out in the grass with my own
thoughts. I went back around the house to the front door. Going inside I
saw a heap of blankets on the sofa, he seemed to already be asleep. I
passed by and carefully retreated back to my bed. Shutting my eyes I
waited to see if tomorrow would be any different.

I must’ve gotten some form of rest that night, as I opened my eyes to
see that the sun was already up. I looked at the time to see that I had
slept through the morning and into the afternoon.

Ignoring all else I crept out of my room to check on Jed. The house
seemed empty, and calling out his name earned me no response. Nervous, I
checked each room before looking outside to see his car still parked on
the street. Letting out a deep breath, I rubbed the crusted corners of
my eyes before stepping outside into my obnoxiously bright yard.

Squinting through the sun, I rounded the house in a brisk walk, stopping
at what I found. Jed stood in the yard, still dressed in the black
t-shirt and shorts he wore the previous night. His posture looked like
he might collapse any second, shoulders slumped, arms hanging to his
sides. The only part of himself raised upward was his head, slightly
tilted high. His eyes ran back and forth, tracing every inch of the
window to my bedroom. If I hadn’t seen him on the couch the night
before, I would assume this is what he had been doing ever since.

I walked up to him carefully, he still didn’t react. Reaching out I
tried to shake his shoulder, and before I had even spoken his name, the
contact ignited the person behind the blank stare.

“Hey! What the fuck?! Don’t sneak up on me! What the hell are you doing
following me?!

I nearly fell over from the outburst “Jesus Christ Jed! I didn’t follow
shit! The fuck are you doing out here?”

Before he could yell again he looked up and squeezed his eyes nearly
closed, as if he just noticed the sun still existed.

“Fucking hell, what time is it?”

I eyed him worriedly “it’s one in the afternoon, a little past that
now.”

He flashed a look of almost shock, before smothering it back down with
his previous venom.

I tried again “Jed, why are you out here again? What are you doing?”

“I was on a walk.” His voice was numb.

“Somethings up with you dude, the fuck happened last night?”

His tone was calm but the next words were anything but.

“Why is it that when someone’s finally sick of your shit you assume
they’re the problem?”

The words hit like a truck, I was beginning to think that our friendship
was completely collapsing in front of me. My words lost all fight as I
just stared at him.

“The hell’s gotten into you?”

His eyes left me and went back to the window for a moment.

“Maybe some sense for a change.”

With that, he once more pushed past me, his face pink from the
inescapable sunlight that he had stood in for God knows how long. I
couldn’t bring myself to even react at this point. I stayed in the yard
for a length of time, eyes fixed on the glass like Jed had. By the time
my gaze broke and I began stepping away, I still couldn’t discern what
he might’ve been looking for.

I tried over the next week to talk things over with Jed, but the same
cold attitude followed him like a shadow. No more banter, no more late
nights, not even a memory of a smile passed his expression.

Coming home from work one night, his things were gone, as was he. You
wouldn’t know another man called the place home just that morning. I
tried reaching out to his mom only to find out she hadn’t been able to
hear from him either, but all his stuff from her house was missing too.
Last I heard, his mom found him living about an hour away, in some small
apartment complex. She only got 2 words out before he closed the door on
her.

I don’t know if Jed saw anything that night. But I’m almost certain that
whoever visits me during those early hours saw him first.

(End of part 1)
