Ok, wow. I can’t believe I’m actually doing this, but the cops won’t
believe me, so maybe you will. A few weeks ago, two friends and I
uncovered a bunch of murders inside an old kids’ restaurant, and it’s…
weird.

Let’s start from the beginning: my friends and I discovered an abandoned
children’s restaurant in a soon-to-be-demolished, condemned mall, and we
decided to check it out. The place was a Showbiz Pizza Place, part of
the old chain from the 80s and 90s, and we thought we’d find some
vintage memorabilia in the ancient restaurant. During the night, we
snuck into the place, only to find it completely ransacked except for a
few folding chairs and piles of trash, but something stood out in the
center of that dump: a VHS tape.

The tape was labeled ‘DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE’. One of my friends, who we’ll
call Jamie, dug up his old VHS player and popped in the tape. It started
as a normal commercial with one of the Showbiz Mascots, Billy Bob the
Bear, greeting excited kids as they ran into Showbiz before the clip
distorted and cut to a shot of the Billy Bob Animatronic without its
face. It spoke in a strange, garbled voice. I could only make out the
words “base,” “man,” and “buried,” before it cut to static.

Jamie and I were both disturbed by this. We showed it to our other
friend, who we’ll call… Alex said the animatronic was saying something
about “the bassman,” a character in one of the Showbiz Band’s songs. He
showed us a clip of the animatronics singing “Hey Mr. Bassman.”

For a few days, we tried to look deeper into the mysterious tape; we
asked around online, sent it to a local video expert, but nothing came
of it. That was until I got a call from Jamie, who went to another
abandoned Showbiz a few towns over and found another tape, this one
labeled ‘BillyBob.’ We popped it into the VHS player, and this one was
way more disturbing. A Billy Bob animatronic was sitting on a workbench,
staring at the camera. A man in a blue uniform approached the
animatronic and removed its mask before leaving again. A few seconds
later, a scream could be heard in the background as Billy Bob began
singing “Hey Mr. Bassman.” The song echoed over the sounds of a woman
crying, pleading for her life. The tape then cut to the man, wearing the
Billy Bob Mask, holding the camera in front of his face and sang the
same song Billy Bob was singing while laughing maniacally.

Now we were really getting scared. Jamie and I took this tape to the
police, but they couldn’t help us at all. I tried to call Alex and tell
him, but he wouldn’t answer his phone. I went to his house the next day
and found a Billy Bob mask lying on his carpet. Jamie and I immediately
rushed to the abandoned Showbiz in our town, where we found Alex hanging
from the ceiling, wearing a mask resembling a different mascot, a wolf
named Rofle.

The police believed it was a suicide; there was little evidence of foul
play except for the masks. Jamie and I haven’t spoken to each other in
weeks, largely out of fear that whatever killed Alex is coming for us.
Readers, if you know anything about any murders that happened at Showbiz
Pizza back in the day, please let me know. I need to get to the bottom
of this.
