Part one

For the next few months, I fell back into the life I had before Jed
moved in. I never talked about it with anyone much, but I was
devastated. I ended up just going through the motions and trying to
occupy my thoughts with anything else. It didn’t really matter, I still
spent most nights with my new habit: going over how I could’ve kept Jed
from going outside that night. My regrets were always accompanied by a
background of tapping from whatever sat outside.

If I wasn’t isolated before I certainly felt so now. Apart from my
parents and coworkers, I didn’t speak to anyone regularly. On some days,
I didn’t speak a single word, not even to myself. I had gotten to a
point where it didn’t feel like I was living for anything. I no longer
felt comfort from my visitor, them now having taken more than they ever
gave me.

And then, like fate demanded it, I saw what would become my lifeline.
Leaving my parents after visiting one Saturday afternoon, I drove up on
a dark orange Ford. If the color of the car wasn’t enough to interest
me, the dark haired girl crouched next to a flat tire certainly did.

Like a call from God, I felt my foot hit the brake without even
thinking, and I pulled over to check on the woman. Slowly walking up and
looking around the hood to see her, I spoke.

“You need any help?”

She gave me the look of a child fearing a lecture. I never knew I could
make someone look so intimidated. She clutched her phone in her hand,
seemingly trying to make calls without a signal.

“I’m fine thank you.”

I tried again. “I don’t mean to scare you but there’s not much signal
around here, and the nearest town’s about 15 miles away. I’m not gonna
force you to take my help but it’d get you out of this place a bit
faster, not that you need my help.”

Bright green eyes stared into me and I felt like at that moment, my
entire life depended on her word alone.

“I think I hit a nail” was her response, which I quickly took as
permission to approach the wheel.

“Do you have a spare?” She stared blankly at my question.

“I-I really don’t know, where would I look?” She sounded embarrassed.

I tried to make her feel better with a small smile.

“It should be under the trunk, here I’ll show you.”

For the next 20 minutes, I walked her through how to change the tire, in
exchange she quietly listened, occasionally nodding and thanking me for
the help.

“Do you mind giving me some directions to White Creek?”

“Sure thing, that’s the nearest place I was talking about, once you’re
off this gravel just hang a left and you’ll be there in 5 minutes.”

“Okay, I appreciate it.” She smiled

“You’re not really from around here are you?” I quickly said.

She thinned her lips and scratched her nose. “No, my brother lives
there, and I’m moving in with him.”

I perked up a little at that information and my mouth made a decision
without advice from my mind.

“Hey before you go, let me get you something quick.”

I turned back towards my car, screaming silently at the moronic attempt
I was about to make. I had already ripped a page from a sticky note and
clicked a pen from my glove box before I paused. By all accounts it
wasn’t a good idea, it seemed too obvious. No matter what excuse I could
give it would appear desperate. All these doubts were witness to what I
wrote on the small paper.

Heart racing, I paced back over to the woman’s car. Handing over the
note, I explained its contents.

“That first number is for the local mechanic in town. Your wheels need
rotated pretty badly, they’re wearing down really hard on one side.”

She picked up one eyebrow and glanced up towards me.

I spoke again, hoping I wouldn’t trip over my words. “The second number,
t-that’s my own.”

She gave a half smile and began staring directly at me now, forgetting
the notes existence in her hand.

I trudged forward with my reasoning. “It’s just in case you have any
questions about the car, or once you get in town if you need any help
finding out where stuff is.”

“What kind of stuff?”

My throat became a desert at her question, every shift in her expression
felt like a gust of wind pushing me another foot away from my goal.

I clawed out a response “Restaurants and stores I guess.”

Her smile widened “Right… just in case my brother doesn’t know where all
the restaurants and stores are in the town of 1,500 people.”

If the goal was to not seem desperate I had already failed, so I gave it
one last shot.

“Maybe if you’re worried he missed one, that way you got another
option.”

We both fell quiet as she looked at me, so I decided I could only call
it a day and go back home.

“Anyway, up to you, but I better get back into town.” I turned to leave
when her voice stopped my steps.

“You know you should really give a girl your name before you give her
your number.” She mocked.

Turning to the side I called back “It’s Oliver.”

“Oliver”

“Ollie if that makes any difference.”

“Okay Ollie, maybe I will ask you about ‘stuff’ at some point, and I’m
Julia by the way.”

Julia did end up texting me later that day, and within weeks we started
going out together. For better or worse, it was one of the faster moving
relationships I ever had. Within a month I had already met the family
she had in the area, and she had met my parents. I hate to say it, but I
was pouring all my energy into this relationship to get my thoughts away
from Jed. It may have been unhealthy but Julia was a relief in my world
that I had been desperate for.

It felt like ages before I even considered how the same thing could take
Julia away from me too. I considered a few options on how to approach
the subject, justifying that I had time to explain everything and keep
her safe. In the end, I was putting it all off, selfishly believing that
by telling her I would only speed up the inevitable. Part of me ignored
all logic and opted for the idea that maybe she never had to know at
all. That she could go through a life with me completely unaware of this
being.

I wouldn’t wait long to be proven wrong.

We were just over 2 months of dating, and for such a short time I felt
completely absorbed into a life with Julia. If I had been just a little
less enamored, I might have told her something else. But when she asked
me if she could stay the night at my place it felt impossible to refuse.
She looked up at me with those eyes that shined as emeralds but were all
the more priceless. I lost the knowledge of the word ‘no’ in that
moment.

The weight of my decision wouldn’t hit until I was lying in bed, eyes to
the ceiling, praying to each God I could recall for her not to wake up.
She laid next to me, gripping hold of my arm with an abundance of black
hair blocking most expressions she could hold.

Every breath was a labor, I made no shift, no movement. My arm had long
fallen asleep under her grip as the pins and needles ate into my
shoulder. My eyes could only dart towards my nightstand to view the
time.

I could explain everything tomorrow maybe, or sometime this week when
the time was right. If I did that, she might be okay with it all. I
could still make sure everything went okay, my panic was surely
unjustified.

Suddenly, both my mind and body halted at the faintest sound of tapping.

It was okay, it wasn’t heavy on the glass, and the sound connected on my
side of the window. I could wait this out and be fine, tomorrow I would
worry about Julia, not tonight.

The minutes ticked by and I felt almost secure in my plan. Then the taps
grew heavier. Not an issue if they balance back out. They were quieting
down surely?

No.

She shifted her body, tossing her head down on the pillow once more.

The tapping moved on the glass, to me it grew quiet as it shifted above
her head.

I held my breath, and her head rose an inch.

Raspy and tired, I heard her voice. “Ollie? You hear that? something
outside?”

I steadied my voice as well as I could. “It’s probably nothing, it’ll go
away soon I’m sure.”

She lifted herself up by her shoulders, then turned to lift the
curtains.

“I already looked, nothing there” I lied

She looked back at me as the tapping resumed, heavy eyed and blinking,
before lifting her shoulders in a shrug and lying back at my arm again.

All weight seemingly left my soul in that instant. I wanted to laugh
with relief. I would be okay. We would be okay. I could still build a
life with someone I loved.

It was a sharp pound on the window that broke this hope.

We both jumped at the sound and Julia got up once more. The taps had
suddenly turned into great bashes on the glass, rattling the frame like
a hailstorm over the whole house.

“What the hell?!” She said, looking at me for answers.

I gave her none, my eyes only fixed on the rattling glass before me. I
silently begged whatever it was to stop, to give me back that brief
moment of a future I could’ve had. It only responded with the same
pounding it had never given before.

“Oliver what the hell is outside?!” She pleaded for an answer.

I opened my mouth with no words to follow, instead, I reached to look
through the curtain before recoiling back at another bash that only
spared the glass by chance alone.

The hitting was erratic and quickening, whatever out there now returned
any curiosity with hate.

“We need to leave!” She said, gathering herself out of bed before I
grabbed her arm, pulling her back down to the mattress.

“No! You’re not going outside!”

“Ollie what the fuck?! Somethings trying to get in!!”

I knew I had to do it, I couldn’t let Julia go out and risk everything.
Whatever waited outside was reacting in a way that I hadn’t even seen
before, and whatever it planned to do, it needed to do to me.

“I’ll go and deal with it, you need to stay put and don’t do anything,
don’t try and look at it, nothing you hear me?! It’ll go away in a few
more minutes I promise.”

“What is it? How do you know?”

“For fucks sake just don’t try and look at it anymore!”

I stormed from the room before she could answer, passing through my home
and pulling open a cabinet drawer in my kitchen. I drew out the largest
kitchen knife I had and made my way to the front door. The slamming on
the glass could still be heard as I unlocked the door and met the brisk
early morning weather.

Rounding the house I made the quickest plan I could think of. I would
stab wildly if it approached, make it bleed if possible. Whatever
happened I would make sure I was it’s only victim this time.

Before turning the corner, the slams abruptly stopped.

Silence, no sight of anything, just the wind and house remained. I
cautiously approached the window, knife ahead of me. No grass was
flattened, no footsteps in the dirt. I turned around to see an empty
yard at my flank.

It hadn’t been 10 minutes yet. It had to come back, it had to.

Turning back towards the window, I stepped up high on my toes and tried
to look through. A dropping thud from the other side of the house broke
me from my focus.

I raised the knife once more, rounding the corner only for my arm to
drop. Julia picked herself up from the grass, turning at the sound of my
steps, the fear of prey in her eyes.

She had the bathroom window open and had thrown herself from it to leave
the house. In any other context it would almost seem funny. A girl in
her pajamas going through a window like a house party gone wrong. But I
knew she had to have done this for something worse.

“Julia… please tell me you’re okay” my words were choking with tears at
the sight of her.

She pulled away and her back hit the side of the house. I looked in her
eyes expecting the same empty bags that Jed greeted me with. It wasn’t
there, but what I saw didn’t bring me any relief.

The green in her eyes was almost completely drowned out by the dilation
of her pupils. They darted from side to side with no pattern or reason.
Her breathing was sharp and repetitive, and if she kept at her current
pace I would fear her passing out.

“What’d you see?” I spoke with a stiffness.

“They didn’t blink” her voice could barely be heard.

“What didn’t Julia? You aren’t making sense. What did you see?”

“I couldn’t stay, I-I had to leave”

I sighed, moving forward I tried to close the distance between us.

“Are you okay? Why go through the window?”

“I had to get out, I can’t go back in!”

I tried to reach for her hand but she yanked herself away.

“Why don’t we just go back inside Julia, we ca-“

“No! I can’t go back in!”

I stared at her trembling frame. Shivering and wide eyed, I knew I had
already failed to help her. The sooner she was away from here, the
better.

“Do you want to go to your brothers?”

She looked up at me, eyes shining wet with tears.

I asked again “You want me to drive you to Jake’s house?”

I crouched down and looked up at her, studying the face I fell in love
with. At the very start there was a part of me that knew it was a bad
idea to let her in my life. I had been so starved of companionship that
I threw caution to the wind, and I hurt her as a result. I couldn’t
forgive myself, but I could save her from anything worse to come.

She started to sob as she nodded her head at my words. I said no more as
I took her hand and led her to my car. Going inside I grabbed everything
she had taken with her and placed it in a spare backpack from my closet.
I set it in the backseat and I made the quiet drive to her brother’s
house. The only sounds between us were the soft sobs she tried to choke
back. I kept my eyes on the road but in the corner of my eye I watched
her. She looked behind her shoulder at the road we were on, like she
didn’t want to be followed. Her playful attitude was diminished to a
broken outburst of raw fear.

I thought about how she behaved compared to Jed. It clearly wasn’t the
same situation, as Jed acted completely different. Maybe she saw
something real this time, maybe it was too much. For all I knew, maybe
she got lucky by comparison. After all, it took from Jed, he lost what
made him who he was. It was far too early to tell of course, but Julia
at least still had a heart within her. If anything, she showed more
emotion now than ever before, like she gained whereas Jed lost.

It didn’t really matter though, I still couldn’t protect her. At least
she might let her family still be close, but that wasn’t for me to know.

Pulling into her brother’s driveway I handed her the backpack before she
slowly pulled herself out of my car. We didn’t even meet each other’s
eyes before she shut the door. I watched as her brother swung open his
front door before pulling out and heading back home.

Pulling up back to my house I shut off my car before pulling out my
phone.

4:20 A.M.

I unlocked it and went to messages, typing her one last text.

“I hope you can forgive me, I hope you can forget, I love you Julia, and
I’m sorry”

I almost hit send before stopping myself, instead I clicked the contact,
and blocked her number.

Going back inside, my house had never felt less inviting. Nevertheless,
I trudged into my room, stripped off my shoes, and fell into bed.
Staring at the empty spot next to me, I listened as a quiet tapping
started once again. Lasting the remaining minutes that it hadn’t
finished earlier that night.

I was back to my old life one could call it, although the next weeks saw
me failing to fully take care of myself. I missed meals, stopped
shaving, and missed appointments to help my dad back home. It was Jed
all over again, but this time I had the weight of possibly two lives
that I had ruined. It wasn’t worth the risk to meet new people anymore,
to make new friends or flirt with women. All of that was thrown to the
wind as I accepted my lot in life.

This entire time I did find something odd, and that was my immunity to
this entity. Everyone else had gotten hurt, but why not me? It could
lash out in some way surely, but never directly at me. It never seemed
to affect me the same way it had Jed and Julia. Was it an immunity or
luck? Most of these questions fought with me as I drank more and more
after work each night. I had begun to spend so much on alcohol that it
placed 2nd on my expenses, only behind my actual rent. I figured if I
can’t escape this isolation, I could share it with a bottle.

Some days were better than others, but the worst days were the ones that
reminded me of it all. The worst day yet happened 2 nights ago.

It was Jed’s birthday. He’d be 23 now, and as far as I knew, no one
would be celebrating, not even himself.

I heard the first drink crack open at 10:13 A.M. that day. I wouldn’t
throw down the last bottle til 8:48 P.M.

I sat in my living room, smelling stale booze while I watched Netflix
previews roll by. Every image of a man made me think of Jed, every woman
of Julia. I would stumble to my feet around 11:30 P.M., making my way
towards the bedroom and falling through the door. My stomach churned as
I lifted up onto my bed. Grabbing the trash can by the nightstand I
vomited. After being left to a few dry heaves, I settled myself down and
closed my eyes.

Waking up from the pounding in my temples, I smelt the sweat and vomit
that had formed a thick miasma in the air. I sat up, coughing phlegm out
from deep in my lungs, before spitting it into the trash can next to me,
landing it atop the dry film of puke now formed over its contents.

Passing a palm over my now greasy, unshaven face, I looked to my phone
for the time.

3:54 A.M.

My mind stood up before my body, causing me to nearly crash into my
clothing pile by the wall.

“What the fuck?” I spit as I sat back to the bed.

I had never missed it, how the hell could I have missed it? This wasn’t
right, I was meant to hear it every time! It would surely start now that
I had woken up, it had to. It would wait to make sure I heard everything
of course it would! So I waited 2 minutes, then 5, then 10. It would
begin.

But it didn’t.

My heart was pounding in my ears as I sat there waiting. Hungover and
paranoid, I knew I couldn’t rest at this rate. I stared at the
unresponsive glass and felt a heat in my chest start to form. The burn
of alcohol normally made a strong enough substitute for anger, but the
mocking silence in the air of my room took me too far. My breathing
began to heave as I gathered myself, feeling my way through the darkness
to my door. I didn’t know what I would do, I had no thoughts of a plan,
I only felt owed the one thing this being gave me that it withheld
tonight.

I swung open my front door, being welcomed by a chill that had begun to
feel increasingly familiar. I stood in the doorway, looking out at the
sky. A half moon sat blurry in the distance, concealed by the clouds
above me and fog around me. Stepping out into the grass, I slowly made
my way around the house. Now staring at the sight I knew to expect, it
still caused a hollowing of my stomach. The yard was empty, and yet I
approached the window like a beast sat underneath. I pivoted my body to
face the fog as it removed the world around me. I stood tense, my eyes
darted around the air, and in a painful whisper I spoke out.

“Do it”

The fog drifted past.

“I’m right here, just take your chance”

An icy sweat trickled down my back.

“Fucking do it! You got both of them, now finish it!”

Nature stared back with a void expression. It was hopeless. I knew it
was and yet I stood speaking towards an audience that couldn’t hear me.
Maybe I was as crazy as I wished to be.

I looked down to see my feet getting wet from the grass, and my throat
began filling with bile once more. I spit into the ground before turning
to retreat back inside.

Closing my door behind me and clicking the lock back into place, I
looked outside a final time. The fog kept up its siege, the view on its
own made me as cold as the weather itself. Shaking my aching head I went
back to lay in bed.

Entering my room, I felt around to try and find my way forward in the
dark once more. I gave what little faith I had towards the hope that I
wouldn’t hit my puke can. Reaching halfway up my mattress towards my
nightstand I felt a gruesome crush to my toe.

“Fuck!!”

I fell backwards on the bed as I gripped my throbbing foot. Half drunk
and writhing, I crawled up the remaining way and set my head down to
fake another night’s sleep. Looking down from the bed to try and see
what caused me the pain I saw Jed’s speaker set ajar from the force of
my foot. Cursing myself for not throwing it out I pressed my eyes hard
shut before opening them to the blurry image of a wall decorated by my
leaning pile of clothes. My mind went around thoughts of Jed and Julia
for a few minutes before I once again glanced at the speaker responsible
for my swelling toe. It stood bare and taunting, where it once rested my
laundry it now sat empty, and a foot away from its original location I
had chosen for it all those months ago.

My swimming brain took a number of seconds looking at the device, before
I crooked my neck back to the clothing pile still sat in its usual spot.
My eyes leaned down to see the pile now touching the floor. I laid there
in a stiff tension as only my neck tremored back up to face the standing
pile. My eyes stared, piercing into the mass like a spear, in the hopes
of slaying whatever might find refuge within. Whether minutes or days
passed before I first blinked no one could know. But once I had, I felt
a slight decrease in my fear. My drunken stupor could’ve caused memory
trouble. Surely I must have moved the clothing off myself? I was being
paranoid from the night’s events and I needed to sleep.

However, before I could complete my reassurance, I saw a shift by the
wall. I put everything into my eyesights focus, attempting to discern
any difference in the view. I watched a sock slowly tilt off the pile,
then a shirt followed. A variety in the center broke away in a slow
tumble as I locked eyes on what emerged.

Unmoving in both sick curiosity and terror, I watched a single spike
half a foot in length begin trembling towards me from the mass. It was
flanked by four additional branching spikes, all shorter than the first
but headed on the same path. Seeing them all pass through the opening,
they connected into a thicker mass. I blinked as my eyes calculated what
was drawing out before me.

A hand.

Elongated and unnatural but still a hand. My mind screamed to back away
but my body felt its obligation to stay. In a trance, I bore witness to
the figure.

As a pale grey forearm pushed out I saw how its skin bunched into rolls.
The loose flesh almost seemed to drip off of the skinny bone. Suddenly
it stopped, giving me the idea that the short limb could not stretch out
further.

The sagging and pale arm reaching out into the dark had only reached a
few feet out from the wall, still a distance from my bed. It’s shaking
increased like it was losing the strength to stay raised, but it was not
a lack of power that caused this movement.

A loud pop and crack came from the being, followed by several more. The
sagging skin of its arm unrolled as the fingertips grew closer once
again. My breathing increased as I watched the limb extend towards me
with the music of cracking bone and snapping joints following behind.
The drooping skin now held firmer to the bone than before, but when it
stopped again I could sense that it still hadn’t grown to its maximum
limit.

The arm hung above my nightstand, before slowly resting on top of my
alarm clock. The palm of the being pressed down, and immediately the
clothing heap shifted heavily as it lifted itself up through it. Another
swath of clothing fell from the pile, causing the remaining cover to
drop to the floor, exposing a mess of grey flesh and sparse hair. The
smell of wet grease and rotten vegetation pierced past the stench of
vomit in my room and assaulted my senses. My mouth watered with bile as
I felt the need to puke once more.

Another creaking of bone broke out of the room as the hairs fell back
towards the wall. Replacing it in my view was a set of eyes that pushed
forward. The head of this monstrosity came closer and I could finally
bear witness to it.

The two large eyes in poor condition met my own, before swaying down to
my feet and slowly following my body up til it reached my gaze once
more. The small black pupil in its right eye was fully visible, while
the other could not be found. The left eye was matted with a crust along
the lids, and only opened halfway. It was filled with a white and green
pus that dripped off and down its wide face. The only sign that it still
worked was the rolling of the eyeball, which could be seen under the
caked surface.

Just below was a deep, empty hole where a nose would be kept. Shaped
like an arrowhead it weeped with a clear, watery substance and could be
heard heaving air through thick mucus. I watched the trail of pus and
watery ooze pass on to what should’ve been a set of lips. Instead it
either dropped off to the floor or slid down into the open upper mouth
of this anomaly. My eyes fell past its thin upper lip and looked upon
the deep abyss of its gaping maw. The mouth could never close, with its
lower jaw non-existent. Aging scars, seemingly from a blade long rusted
away, were all that showed on its neck, where the jaw once connected.
Despite the roof of its mouth being exposed, it still dripped wet from
the flow of vile liquids slowly pouring down from its face.

At the back of the mouth was a convulsing pit, where the throat led. It
stunk of sweetening rot and let out an atrophied hiss, unable to make
any noise above a whisper. Below this was the stump of a tongue, which
thrashed up and down as if trying to taste the air around it.

The whole head of this thing sat inches from my own. It breathed and it
dripped, it reeked and it stared. The features looked at me the same way
I imagine they did at Jed and Julia. If this horror before me was human,
it could not have been loved by God.

So focused on its face I did not notice that its arm had moved once
again. What brought my attention to it was the soft noise that echoed
off of my nightstand.

Tap. Tap. Tap.

It rang in my head, and I knew I would not see the chance to leave this
room in another moment. My eyes instinctively glanced over at my door,
before returning back. The flick of my sight was too much, and the
tapper gave a quick tilt of his head before his second arm burst out of
the pile.

Clothing flew as I simultaneously threw myself lower on my bed,
desperately trying to get my feet under me. I heard the cracking of more
joints behind me, but I dared not look. Just as my right leg swung off
the bed I drug my left to do the same. Before I could, I felt a swift
sting and heat on my upper calf.

“Fuck!” I yelled out as I yanked away my leg, feeling a rip like a
fishhook as I did. Putting weight under me I nearly fell, before pulling
myself forward with my right side and turning the door open.

I flung myself through and tried to swing the door back shut. The last
glimpse I saw within the room was its face now perched on the end of my
bed rearing back to leap forward. On all fours they sat, limbs long and
skin loose. A row of teeth I had not seen before now dripped mixtures of
crimson and cream, becoming a mess of milky pink.

I flinched as I threw the door just as it vaulted forward. I heard the
cracking of wood, and felt the house shake from the impact. Adjusting my
eyes I saw the door lazily swing back out as it failed to latch. Before
I could react I saw a thin arm launch out of the dark and grasp at the
floor, pushing the rest of its body up and forward towards my hallway.
Desperate to keep away from it, I pulled myself towards my bathroom and
shut the door. Shakily making sure it was latched I locked the door and
tried to breathe.

I bent my head to assess the damage on my leg, before remembering the
light and flicking the switch on. I didn’t get more than a glance at the
wound before another bash shook the room and I tripped away from the
door. I held my breath as the handle began to shake. The lock was
holding, and soon the house fell quiet once more. I let out a deep
lungful of air, before searching the room for another solution.

A guttural hiss from the hallway interrupted me. I whipped my head to
the door, and a shadow’s movement caught my attention. At the floor,
fingers began to reach through from the opposite side. The narrow gap
only allowed for about half of its hand to make it. In frustration the
hand clawed at the door, thrashing and pushing.

I heard what could only be a grunt of pain as I watched the hand begin
to push harder and harder through the gap. Skin stretched, and its
tension grew so tight that I nearly expected to see the fingers begin to
peel at the nail.

Frozen in place I heard the crack of wood as the beast’s forearm came
through the gap next. The arm stretched up in a struggle, the white skin
streaked red as the door splintered into its flesh. The hissing of pain
only intensified as I heard joints popping out like before. The
remaining loose skin on its arm stretched away as the limb extended
further up the frame of the door. The deep cuts from the wood bled
heavier as the skin tore away like a cloth rag being pulled in half.

Soon the fingernails could reach more than halfway up the door. Despite
the pain, they started to feel along the left side of the door, looking
for the handle once more. In a panic my mind snapped back to the danger
in front of me as it palmed the lock of the handle. Bringing myself up
to my bathroom window, I pushed the curtains out of my way and attempted
to lift up on the handle. The glass slid only an inch before abruptly
stopping. I pulled again but with no luck, heaving my whole body into
the effort was useless.

Looking through the glass, I tried to see what might’ve been stopping
me. In the dim light shining through the glass, I saw what kept me from
my freedom. A padlock sat swaying on my window, rusted and aged, kept in
place by latches I hadn’t placed myself.

My mind raced between fear and survival, thinking how else to escape the
hell soon to be inside this room. Turning towards my small shower. I
immediately lunged towards it with an idea. Clenching the curtain I
ripped it down, collapsing the bar and scattering small toiletries
around the room. Wrapping the thick sheet around my fist, I reared back
and swung at the glass. My hand bounced off the window, stinging with
pain that I forced down. Pulling back again I threw all the adrenaline I
had left at the panel in front of me. Expecting to fall back I was
surprised to find myself tumbling forward, now feeling a rush of cool
air hit my sweating face.

Ripping my arm back to me, I beat back what remaining glass I could
before pulling my upper body through the opening. Bits of the shattered
panel bit through my shirt into my skin. I winced at the feeling before
getting my knees past the frame of the window. Without looking back I
pushed my hands off the ledge and fell.

My right shoulder smacked into the dirt, my jaw rattled and I was
stunned for a second. I tried to stand myself up before being reminded
of the bloody carving in my calf. My whole body was an array of
different pains. Limbs ached and throbbed, my shirt becoming decorated
with maroon droplets as the glass cuts bled through the thin cloth.
Feeling like death was on my shoulders, I rose up and staggered forward
in a loose, stumbling jog.

I don’t remember the path I took to it, but I began slamming my hand
into my neighbors door. When they answered, groggy and irritated, I saw
the sobering change in their face. I rasped out a flurry of emotional
pleas, begging for a phone, an ambulance, police, anything. I doubt I
even made much sense at all but the state I was in told them everything
regardless. By the time EMS had arrived, I sat with a blanket around me
and cradled my bloodied leg in a dish rag my neighbor had brought me.

The rest of my night went by in a slow blur. Stitches in the hospital,
police questioning, a visit from my mom and dad, and a call from my
landlord explaining that I would be fined for the damage to the house.

On the ambulance ride over, I finally got a clear look at my leg wound.
It still drained blood, with a jagged cut line dragging across my whole
upper calf, like a steak knife had been pulled and turned slowly into my
muscle. The deep cut had been pulled down when I escaped, and without
applying pressure the loose meat swung freely.

“Try not to keep your eyes on it, it looks worse than it is, I promise.”

The EMT’s and nurses all repeated that same line for hours.

In the end, I didn’t have much evidence to back up any story I could
spin. The cops entered my house to find it empty, except for the copious
amounts of alcohol I had laying around. I said something broke in and
while they humored me in the moment, I knew nothing would come from it.

The officers that had questioned me were just a few feet away in the
hall of the hospital talking.

“Could’ve had a stray dog slip in while he was outside, neighbor says he
goes out in the yard a lot at night drunk, doesn’t always close the
door. That’d be my best guess for what attacked him”

“I think it’s all bullshit, guy reeks like a bar, I think he got
hammered and started wrecking shit”

“The kids shook up, I think he at least saw something, look at the cut
on his leg-“

“Yeah he was drunk, saw something that wasn’t there, and broke through
his window to get away from it. Just cut himself on the glass.”

“I don’t know, it was pretty deep to be the glass.”

“He can’t even tell us what he saw, the fuck are we supposed to say it’s
from?”

The two bickered within earshot, either unaware or uncaring that I could
hear them. I sat in my hospital bed, eyes to the ground, just waiting to
receive nothing for answers and to go back home.

After several hours, I was released from the hospital, and after
refusing my parents’ plea to stay with them, I made my way back into the
house that became a living hell just the previous night. I walked with
my new crutches, searching through the rooms. Nothing of interest
remained, with my landlord coming through and cleaning up most of the
mess I had scattered around.

Going through my bathroom, I examined the window, which now held a
temporary plastic sheet sealing off the outdoors. I peered my head
through the clear sheet of plastic, and saw that someone had removed the
padlock and latches that were there the previous night. Only two nail
holes sat in the wood, and while I could ask my landlord if he took them
out, I knew he likely knew nothing about them in the first place.

I spent hours meandering through the house, room to room, slowly
readjusting to the silent structure. As it grew dark, and late night
turned into early morning, I sat down on the bed, throwing my crutches
to the floor. In a delicate motion, I began tracing my fingers along the
top of the floor speaker in front of me. I looked over to see the time,
preparing myself for what would come.

3:12 A.M.

Without any further reverence, I pushed the speaker back to the wall and
covered it with a blanket. Laying back onto my bed I stared up at the
ceiling and counted down each minute.

Tap Tap. Tap Tap Tap.

Hearing the expectant noise made my breath start to shake. My vision
blurred as a slow stream of tears passed below my ears and into my
pillow. My mouth let out an uncontrollable sob of emotion as I tried to
control my body’s reaction.

The tapping showed no care or response to my cries. Rallying my
exhausted body once more, I lifted up to sit, pressing my back into the
headboard. Turning towards the window at an awkward angle, I stretched
my arm out, fingers grazing the cold glass.

The tapping remained despite my touch, and without looking I pressed my
palm to the panel, feeling the vibration of the small impacts. Lifting
my hand once more, I quietly drummed my finger into the window.

Tap.

I followed with several more taps, and I could feel as the impacts from
the opposite side came closer to my own. Soon they were directly on top
of each other, tap after tap falling just short of touching, the thin
sheet being all that separated the two beings from colliding.

I sat as the tears continued down my face, some dripped from my chin
while others pushed between my lips. While I wept, my thoughts drew
further away from Jed and Julia, or any facet of my life, current or
past.

My mind rested on the sounds radiating off of the window. A senseless
orchestra of tapping, over a decade of lost communication being made up
for. While the past hangs over me, and the future has yet to bear down,
the present is filled with the music of my silent visitor.

My constant tormentor, my closest friend.
