I met my best friend Jacob in sixth grade when we were both twelve.

I was at a new school and didn’t know anyone. As an awkward, nerdy,
acne-ridden kid, it was no surprise that I spent months on my own. My
mom, worried about the early death of my social life, made me go to my
school’s middle school dance. As expected, I sat there alone most of the
night, sipping Kool-Aid and eating out of what had to be the world’s
smallest bag of chips.

That’s when I met him.

He sat next to me awkwardly and spoke in a muffled voice, as if he were
talking to himself. He pointed to my T-shirt with a faded image of Sans
on it, and said he liked Undertale too.

Not long after, we became inseparable.

We would do everything together, spending every waking moment doing
whatever our childish minds could muster. My mom was so glad I had a
friend; she let Jacob come over pretty much every weekend. It helped
that she got along well with Jacob’s mom; they’d often catch up for
hours after Jacob got dropped off. I think mom was happy to have a new
friend too. His mother was all alone after his dad died. I always felt
bad for her. Not knowing what to say, I never brought it up, and he
didn’t either.

One day after school, we found ourselves watching scary urban
exploration videos on my dad’s old computer. We nearly fell out of our
seats when we noticed that one of the places in the video was nearby. An
abandoned elementary school.

I know how infamous it is now, but back then, all we learned from that
video was that it shut down after some kids went missing while the
school was still open.

That’s when we naively decided to seek it out and explore it ourselves.
We thought that we could find something that nobody else had. It was a
pipe dream that seemed plausible to our underdeveloped twelve-year-old
minds.

We began to set up our master plan after we saw that video. That’s when
we decided to explore that school no matter what.

One day after school, we told our parents we’d get food. We lived in a
small town, so Main Street was just a short walk away.

After some online research, we found out the abandoned elementary school
was just past the woods behind the school.

Jacob’s mom was going to pick us up from the Pizza Hut in town at seven,
and our school day ended at three. That gave us about four hours to get
in, see what we could find, and get out. Instead of our school books,
pencils, and notebooks, we packed our backpacks with flashlights, extra
batteries, snacks, and bottles of water. Most of which would remain
unused.

Our school was so small that we could sneak away without any fuss. We
didn’t have much staff, and most of them were busy dealing with the
horde of middle schoolers rushing to their buses and cars, so two quiet
nerds like us could easily stay under the radar.

We made our way out through the car rider line and traced along the edge
of the building out back toward the woods.

The sun sat on top of the tree line, like an ominous timer reminding us
to complete our mission before it disappeared beyond the horizon.

We made our way through the woods, getting slightly cut up and itchy due
to the underbrush. Jacob and I kept making random howling noises to try
and creep each other out, but we just ended up laughing at one another.
Jacob remarked that we didn’t see a single animal, not even a squirrel.
When I asked why, he said they probably ran away when they smelled me.

We found a few weird things in those woods.

The first was a campsite, which we left alone because our fear of
messing with adults outweighed all else.

The second was a rickety old deer stand. After daring Jacob to climb to
the top multiple times, he caved and very, very cautiously climbed up
the handmade ladder. He made it to the top, and his fear changed to
wonder. His voice filled with awe, he remarked that he could see the
school from up there. Before he got down, he picked up a pair of
binoculars off the floor of the deer stand. He pointed them towards the
school and laughed, saying he could see everyone going to the buses, and
even into some of the classrooms. I told him to hurry up, and he took
the binoculars and again, very cautiously, climbed his way back down. He
pocketed “his” new binoculars despite my hesitation, parading them
around like a prospector who’d just found gold. Deciding I couldn’t
change his mind, we continued on our way.

It didn’t take long for us to reach the elementary school. Even in the
daylight, we didn’t notice it until we came face to face with its brick
exterior. Overgrowth climbed its decaying walls, barely holding on to
life. We made our way up to a window and peeked in. Books and desks were
scattered randomly throughout the classroom. A shelf was lying on its
face, covered in mold and sitting in a pool of water that probably
hadn’t seen the light of day in decades. Failing to open the window, we
made our way down the side of the building.

Eventually, we found a door.

A cinderblock was propping it open, and we quietly rejoiced at how lucky
we were. We slipped inside and found ourselves in what looked like the
teacher’s office. We giggled to ourselves- even though the school had
been abandoned, we felt as if we were breaking the rules just by being
in that room. We agreed to look around the room and found that it was,
for the most part, still intact. We found little besides a few “boring
old documents”, which had been scribbled all over. Jacob found a mug
that said “World’s Best Teacher” and pretended to sip out of it. He
laughed, remarking how stupid it was to forget a mug like that,
especially one that was so clean. Sharing a laugh, we decided to explore
elsewhere.

Jacob and I made our way down the empty halls, unease crawling under my
skin as we roamed the silent corridors. The inside of the building was a
stark contrast to the outside. It looked relatively untouched by the
oppressive forest that rested just beyond the school’s walls.

Suddenly, a loud crash came from one of the classrooms behind us.

We screamed and turned around, seeing a door open and slowly hit the
wall next to it. I turned to Jacob, and then together, we slowly inched
toward the classroom. I noticed he was brandishing a book he’d picked
up, ready to throw it at anything that jumped out at us.

As we rounded the corner and looked into the room, he let out the
loudest roar his lungs could muster and reared back the book.

He stopped.

Nothing was there.

I rounded the corner behind him and peeked into the room. The teacher’s
desk sat in the corner, the desks in various formations, and toys and
various utensils scattered across the floor. A large metal filing
cabinet lay in the corner. We made our way over. As we did, we saw a
small hole in the wall behind it. We pushed past our fear and jogged
over, hoping to find some sort of hidden treasure. When we got close and
peered in, we were disappointed. It was just a bunch of children’s
clothes.

We brushed it off and made our way out of the room, exploring a few old
classrooms and supply closets as we went down the long corridor.

At the end of the hall, we came to a set of steel doors that led into
the gym.

We used our combined strength to push against them, the doors slowly
creaking open. I remember thinking how easy it was.

Walking in, we looked around the gym in complete awe.

Even though it was an elementary school, the gym was much bigger than
ours. Though long abandoned, we could tell how nice and well-kept it
once was. He dared me to race around the gym, and I happily agreed,
ready to wipe the floor with him.

After getting barely over halfway, I stopped, completely out of breath.
Jacob stopped soon after. Unsurprisingly, neither of us were that
athletic. We both hazed each other for our lackluster performances
before continuing our expedition.

Once we reached the back of the gym, we found what used to be the
coach’s office.

The blinds were down so that we couldn’t see inside. We tried the handle
and were surprised to find it unlocked.

As we went into the office, we were shocked. It looked untouched.

A mug sat on the desk next to some magazines, stacked somewhat neatly.
On closer inspection, the mug held some water. Jacob, exploring the
other side of the office, called me over, a childish giddiness coating
his voice.

I made my way over, and I saw what he found so funny.

It was a sleeping bag, open and slightly ruffled. I still remember what
he said.

“What kind of teacher sleeps in his own office?”

A faint sound soon broke our conversation.

It was out of place and made our hair stand on end.

Footsteps. And they were approaching us.

Just barely noticeable, as if someone was trying, and failing, to sneak
up on us.

We looked at each other, fear painted on both of our faces. Our minds
raced as we tried to think of what to do.

Jacob took my arm and dragged me to the supply closet at the end of the
room. He shut the door carefully, trying not to make a sound.

The door closed, and we were submerged in inky darkness.

I tore off my backpack and nervously searched around for my flashlight
with shaking hands.

I pulled it out and fumbled with the light, trying desperately to turn
it on. Nervous, I stepped back and heard a loud crack from the ground
beneath my feet.

Then, silence. Loud, deafening silence.

I turned on the flashlight and dragged it to the source of the noise.

There was a femur beneath my foot, cracked and broken.

My gaze dragged up and looked into the vacant eyes of a small, rotted
corpse.

A child, not much younger than I was. Frayed skin hung from bones
stained a dark reddish-brown. Clothes caked in dark, thick blood. The
head was caved in— torn skin clung to the sick, mangled bone.

The light began to shake in my hands; the body, though unmoving, looked
as if it wanted to scream for help.

A loud, broken yell billowed out of me. I almost didn’t know I was
screaming until Jacob started shaking me violently, trying to stop me as
tears ran down his face. He was yelling at me, but at that moment, the
sound was muffled as if he were behind a wall.

He grabbed my arm and bolted for the doorway, cutting off my screams.

That’s when I heard the sound again. Footsteps pounding towards the
room.

Without hesitation, Jacob pushed the door open with all the force his
small frame could muster.

As soon as he did, I saw him. An impossibly large man stumbled back,
trying to reach for us. We pushed past him, but he shouted something.
Not a word, but an inhuman groan that was more reminiscent of a monster
than anything human.

I didn’t look back— sprinting alongside Jacob as fast as our legs could
go. Beads of sweat ran down my face, melding with tears and snot.

Something was wrong. I didn’t see Jacob beside me.

I turned to see Jacob on the floor just a few yards behind me. He was
curled up, holding his foot and shaking with fear. At the top of my
lungs, I screamed at him to get up when I realized there was blood
pooling around his foot. He had stepped on a rusty nail that had
burrowed deep into his foot, stretching the cloth over the top of his
shoe. He groaned and cried from the intense pain, trying to stop the
bleeding with his hands.

I tried to run to him, but fear instantly anchored me to that spot on
the floor. The man lunged towards Jacob, and it didn’t take long to
reach him. His large hand wrapped around Jacob’s arm, ripping him off
the floor as his body jerked backward. He screamed, kicking and flailing
with all his might, but the man was like a wall of stone, cold and
immovable.

His expression warped into a mix of terror and anguish, something that
should’ve been alien to a child his age.

Then I saw it. Its face. Something I would never forget.

Whatever it was, something deep inside me told me it wasn’t human. Not a
shred of humanity lived behind his eyes.

There was no way I could face that thing.

I turned my back to Jacob, ran back through the hall, and out through
the teacher’s lounge. Met with cold, isolating darkness, I mindlessly
bounded through the dense woods. My flashlight bobbed and shook
violently as I sprinted back towards my school.

As I ran through the woods, I tripped several times— painting my body
with bruises. Each time I got back up, I thought I’d turn around and see
it standing there.

But I never did.

I ran out of the woods toward the school and, luckily, ran into the
school’s bus driver, who immediately called the police. He consoled me
as best he could until they arrived.

When they asked for my story, I lied. Maybe if I didn’t, things would be
different.

I told them we got turned around while playing in the woods. That I lost
track of Jacob as I tried to find my way back. Too terrified to even
think of that place, of that thing.

I never saw Jacob again.

His mother never recovered. She took her life a year after he went
missing. After losing her husband just a few years earlier, the loss of
her child was the straw that broke the camel’s back. I wish I had told
her the truth.

I’m only confessing this so many years later because they found his
body. I don’t know how, but when I turned on my TV this morning, there
he was. Plastered over police footage on the news channel.

His body was mangled, bloodied, and defiled beyond recognition. His head
was almost completely caved in, beaten into a dark messy void of blood
and bone, something dark and viscous seeping out of the old wound.

I realized something then that would haunt me until the day I die.

I cried, and cried, and cried some more– until I had no more tears to
shed.

He was sixteen when they found him.
