I don’t know what to do. I’m freaking out. Just earlier today I was
playing video games after a draining day of work. Reminiscing on how
comfortable I was on my vacation and wishing that comfort would’ve
lingered a little while longer. Now I’m in my car in an abandoned
parking lot waiting for the cops to show up.

Let me start off by saying me (Sam) and my friend (Jerald) are close.
Our mothers were childhood friends so naturally this closeness was
passed down a generation. He doesn’t keep any secrets from me and vis
versa. So as soon as my vacation was over and it was close for his week
and a half stay at the luxury hotel resort to begin. He didn’t mind
letting me know that the work place won’t be missed while he’s gone.

He left for the airport today and should have already landed if not
close to the end of his 10 hour flight. He sent a message to me this
morning talking about how beautiful the view was going to be. Here was
how the morning messages played out.

“Hey bro, we’re about to head onto this plane soon. I’ll send you pics
when we land so I can rub the view in your face while your deep in
paperwork”

“LMAO, I’ll keep that in mind when I plan a trip to Tokyo. By myself.
I’ll make sure to send you a pic of some nice ramen stew. Yum.”

“I see how it is. But next year let’s plan our vacation together”

“Yeah if they let us, you know they need at least one of us there to
keep the building up float.”

“You’re so right, it gets tiring carrying everyone on our backs huh?”

“Lmao you alr know”

“Okay they’re calling our numbers now. I’ll text you when we land ttyl”

“Gotchu, don’t forget to send pics!”

Up until that point I hadn’t gotten any message back. So imagine my
surprise when I got a knock on my door at 8pm and when I looked through
the peep hole to see Jerald. His hair was messy and growing into
different directions. He had dirt on his face and his clothes looked
like a messier version of an outfit he wore two years ago. The only
reason i remember the exact outfit was because I bought him the outfit
and he only wore it once. I took a picture of him in it that day.

I said hello, to only get a frantic, “let me in bro, I need help. I
can’t believe this just happened to me”

“Aren’t you suppose to be on your vacation right now what happened?

“What? My vacation isn’t for another few months, what are talking about
let me in” he yelled through a horse voice as if he overused his vocal
cords and could no longer continue to do so.
It looked like him, down to the annoyed mannerisms.

And I know this was dumb on my part. But I had unlocked the door to let
him in. I had no reason to assume he was anyone else and just thought he
might’ve been in an accident and become disorientated. He frantically
ran to the living room and paced around. He was biting his nails like he
usual does under immense stress.

“What happened to you bro, you good” I asked in a concerned tone trying
not to overacted.

“Dude you remember when I said I was gonna go hiking in the woods near b
road? I ended up getting really freaking lost there for like 7 hours. My
phone died and I was freaking out!”

I had remembered him hiking quite a few times. He started up the hobby a
few years ago and he’s managed to do so up until this point. But
something wasn’t adding up. He went hiking yesterday. Why would he be at
my house now if he already said he was at the airport.

“Bro, did you like, hit your head on a rock coming back down from the
forest trails, you texted me earlier this morning about getting on the
plane?”

“What? No I didn’t? My phone is dead. Remember? I told you it died while
I was lost. There’s no way I could’ve texted you.”

“Here’s the messages dude, if you don’t believe me.”

I then went back to our messages and shoved the phone into his face. He
scrolled. And scrolled. And scrolled. A hint of confusion growing with
each thumb flick.

“Dude, who is this?”

“It’s you dummy, do you not see the contact number?”

“This isn’t me.. this isn’t even my number”

“Bro yes it is? Are you joking? You can quite now, I have to be at work
at 6am”

“I’m not joking. This isn’t me. At all”

I was getting steadily frustrated with his constant lying so I went to
our picture tab. And started scrolling.

“See!, this is you.”

His face of confusion turned into horror.

“Who the hell is this?”

Pushing my breaking point I snatched the phone away from him and showed
him a picture of me and him a couple weeks ago.

“This is you, why are you so committed to the bit bro, give it up.

While I was scrolling to look for more evidence of me and him together I
seen a message bubble pop up and my heart sunk.

“Hey bro. Sorry my flight got delayed but look at this view. Hot babes
here I come!!”
There was an attachment of him with his luggage. And the view was indeed
beautiful but now I didn’t have any explanation for this and I looked
back up at the “other Jerald” in-front of me.
He looked at me with so much confusion like something was on his mind
but he didn’t know how to express it.

“Sammy. I don’t know who that person is.. but that isn’t me.”

I looked up at him in horror. Jerald hasn’t called me that in two years.
It was weird hearing him say that again. I looked back at the photo that
was just sent and looked back up to see if I could find any difference.
Outside of the obvious dirt and hair maintenance issues he looked
completely normal. Just like him. So much like him in-fact it got
creepy.

“What? Did that person text you again? Let me see?” I jolted back from
him instinctively. This Jerald in-front of me looked visibly shocked
then offended at the sudden reaction.

“Dude.. that person is obviously impersonating me! Give me the phone so
I can give him a piece of my mind” he said as he reached his hand out to
take the phone from me. I then stepped back again but this time with a
few more steps. He was disbelief. He looked like I betrayed him.

“This is irritating me, why are you being so damn scary? It’s me. Look!”

He yelled visibly getting more aggressive. Out of the corner of my eye I
seen my car keys and made a mental note of it.

“My bad, my bad” I said as I relaxed my body. I thought you were pulling
a trick on but now I think this dude is just a scammer” I said forcing
out a chuckle to ease the dense tension between us.
Jerald seemed to relax as well and chuckled a little too.

“Thank goodness, for a second it seemed like you were scared of me.” We
both chuckled a bit before dialing down to make it seem less awkward.

“I’m gonna go to my car and get a kit so you can clean up those wounds
on your legs bro.” I said as I grabbed my keys and headed for my car.
While inside my car I immediately started up the ignition. This must’ve
alerted the other Jerald because he then ran to the entrance of the door
and stared at me. His face creased in confusion then realization as I
sped off. I only faintly saw as the light from behind him made him look
like just shadow figure.

I then sped dial the real Jerald and waited impatiently as the phone
ranged.

“Come on, come on, answer!” I said as I was hearing the familiar ringing
sound from the phone.
“The number you have dialed is not available at this time”

“Damn it!” I yelled as I slammed the phone on the steering wheel. I then
texted him and said
“Bro answer me back when you can! Someone at my house is claiming to be
you. But that’s not possible”
I pressed sent then sat there contemplating on what does one do after
experiencing this? I kept replaying the event in my head over and over
until I realized something.

“Remember when I went to the trail by b road earlier” that sentence
replayed in my head. I thought he said he wasn’t stepping foot back into
that trail again because of all the unnecessary cuts he got from walking
the partially developed trail? I looked up b road in the messages and
sure enough. The message from two years ago popped up of him saying he
wouldn’t go back there again. But that’s wasn’t all that showed up.
Another message was above it too. This was also around the time he
changed his number. He said because he lost his old phone and didn’t
feel the need to swap numbers over. I then tracked down his old phone
number and sure enough. The last picture I sent to him on that number
was a picture of him and I together. Me in casual attire and him in the
outfit I gave him that day that he wore for the first and last time.

I ended up getting another message bubble popping up from Jerald

“What? I’m all the way on vacation dude, get out the house”

A thought came into my head and I ended up typing this out before I
could even process what I was doing.

“Jk Jk I’m joking lol”

“Lmao. Scared me for a second. Good thing your safe”

“Oh but anyways dude I had a question to ask you?”
My fingers hovered over the phone as I was prepared to type this out.
But I needed to test my theory.

“So you remember that time we went to that club out in Cville and I got
drunk and puked everywhere a few months ago right?”

“Ofc, I had to clean you up?! Never drink like that again lol”

“I won’t dw, also dude I’m making banana bread in two weeks, you down to
eat it with me?”

“You think imma pass up my favorite homemade banana bread? Hell yeah!
You always make them the best!”

“Cool! I’ll let you know when I go to buy the ingredients, make sure to
send more pics?”

“You already know bro”

I immediately dialed 911 and told them someone has stole my friend’s
identity and has been for 2 years. And I know you guys are wondering
“How the hell did you come to that conclusion?” Well for one, I have
never in my life made banana bread and two. He’s allergic. Has been
since we were teens. He’s never ate anything with banana in it since.

So if the Jerald that came from the woods is the real Jerald. Then why
has the real Jerald been convinced he’s only been gone for 7 hours and
who have I been friends with for the past two years?
