Part 1 & 2

Without a second thought, I took off out of Lucille’s office.

The address was only about 5 minutes away, but traffic was starting to
pick up and there wasn’t a cab in sight.

I ran as fast as my body would let me. My lungs felt like they were on
fire, desperate for more air. My legs stung as they absorbed the impact
of each step on the cold, hard sidewalk.

Before long, I was standing in front of a run down storefront. The
windows were caked in a thick layer of dust, making it impossible to see
inside. The blue and white striped awning was tattered and the frayed
cloth gently danced on the breeze.

“I really hope Lucille called the police,” I muttered to myself.

The adrenaline was beginning to wear off and I realized how foolish it
was of me to come without any support.

I cautiously opened the door, my whole body tensing as a little bell
gave away my entrance.

“I’m in here!” a woman called from the kitchen, rather joyfully.

The front half of the diner was a barren wasteland. Ceiling tiles lay
broken on the floor and the paint was beginning to peel away from the
walls.

The kitchen was an entirely different scene. This woman had meticulously
cleaned each counter and corner with great care. The entire room
practically glistened.

I was finally looking at the person who had been stalking me for months.

She was pretty pale, with dark brown curls that framed her face. She was
small in stature. Maybe 5’5? The apron she wore practically swallowed
her whole. On her face was an eerie smile.

“Good morning, Chase! We have a long day ahead of us, so I would
appreciate it if we could get started.” She said cheerfully.

“Started with what?” I asked.

“Your review of course! Now, if you would be so kind as to sit on that
chair. This will make the whole process much easier.”

She pointed in the direction of a small wooden chair to our left.

“Why would I ever listen to you?” I said, anger beginning to rise in my
throat.

The smile dropped from her face.

“Because, Chase. If you don’t, I’ll make you eat the recipe I left for
you. We don’t want anything to happen to Tripod now, do we?”

I reluctantly complied.

She came over and tied me up. Then, I felt a sting on the back of my
neck.

“Don’t mind that, that’s just a little something to make sure you won’t
feel anything. Now, what do I want to try first?” She said, the smile
returning to her face.

She looked me up and down, tapping her finger to her chin.

“Got it! We’ll go easy and start with bicep.”

Panic set in.

“Bicep? What are you talking about? My bicep?”

She rolled her eyes, walking over to grab a butcher’s knife.

“Did you not put the pieces together, Chase? I practically spelled it
out for you in that letter.”

My body began to feel heavy and numb.

She gently ran the edge of the knife across my cheek, bringing forth
tiny droplets of red.

Bringing it to her mouth, she licked the blood off the knife. She closed
her eyes and appeared to savor the taste.

“Like I said in the letter, Chase, you are at the mercy of my palate.
Don’t you understand?“ She grinned, revealing her red tinged teeth.

“I’m going to eat you.”

I wanted to fight. I wanted to run far away from this place, but I
couldn’t move my body. How could I have been so stupid? So prideful, to
think I could do this alone.

“Now, if you need to close your eyes, please feel free to do so. Stress
makes the meat chewy, so try to remain calm. You want a good review
after all, right?”

She grabbed my arm, and after wrapping a tourniquet around it, she began
to cut away at my bicep.

I wanted to scream at the sight.

She removed the section she had cut and carefully laid it on a tray. She
released my arm and it dropped to my side. I tried as hard as I could,
but it wouldn’t move.

She took the tray over to the stove, and began to prepare it for her
consumption.

I felt sick as the scent of cooking meat filled the air. It almost
smelled… good. I was horrified at the thought and tried to shake it from
my mind.

After about 20 minutes, she returned to the counter in front of me.

On her plate, the portion of muscle lay covered in what looked to be a
honey garlic sauce.

She cut off a piece and began to chew.

“Hmm. It lacks tone, definition. I guess that’s what happens when you
live your life at a desk, Chase. The texture is entirely too soft. I was
really hoping for something more.”

She shook her head as she took another bite.

“The flavor isn’t much better. It’s got a bitterness that lingers in
your mouth, even the sweetness of the honey can’t overpower it. That’s
pretty fitting for how you lived your life actually. It’s a shame
though, Chase. You’re ruining a perfectly good sauce.”

She twirled her fork in between her fingers, staring deep into my eyes.

“What was it you said about my signature dish? ‘Lacks any depth,
entirely forgettable.’ Funny, I was thinking the exact same thing about
you.”

She scowled at me.

“You lack the deep, rich flavor of someone who’s done something with
their life. Something other than judging the work of those who actually
have gifts. You’re forgettable, Chase and frankly, I’m underwhelmed. I
give you 1 star, and that’s only for the sauce.”

She moved her plate to the side, and picked up the butchers knife again.

Ding!

The little bell was announcing the arrival of someone new.

I looked at the entrance but when I looked back, she was gone.

Officers began to make their way into the kitchen, carrying out their
various assignments. They swarmed around the room.

I felt hot and dizzy, my vision began to go dark.

When I awoke, I was in a hospital bed, my arm all patched up. I was
still unable to move it, but at least I wasn’t bleeding out anymore.

“Good, you’re awake. I’m so glad you’re okay Chase.” Lucille said,
giving me a big hug.

Coming back to my senses, I shot up.

“Did they find Tripod? Is she okay?”

“Yes she’s fine, I’ve been taking care of her while you recover. She’s
in good hands, scouts promise.” She said, raising her hand.

“Did they find her?” My voice wavered as I asked.

“Not yet, but I’m sure they will soon. There’s a lot of people looking
for her.”

She sighed.

“Look, I hate to leave you, but I got some work I have to get done.
After that, I’ll come back up to visit, maybe bring some food if you’re
hungry?”

“Sure, sounds good.”

“Try to get some rest.” She squeezed my hand and walked out the door.

As I tried hard to close my eyes to get some much needed sleep, my
concentration was broken.

Ding!

It was a picture of Lucille crossing the street.

“I wonder how she tastes.”
