I need help. You might not believe my story, but I promise its true.

I hadn’t gotten a new tattoo in almost two months. It was time,
considering tattoos are the only form of therapy I usually get. A new
shop popped up in town—Soulful Tattoos—and it was offering free tattoos
for the first five customers that set an appointment. I got really
lucky, securing the fourth free slot.

The shop specializes in hyperrealism and photorealism, specifically in
the forms of realistic human faces. It was perfect for what I needed. I
have always wanted to get a memorial tattoo for my grandmother, but
regular memorial pieces are too plain. I decided getting a realistic
portrait of her face on my back was the best way to go. She could always
watch out for me, just like she always did in real life. It had to be
perfect. Just like her.

I made it to my appointment a few minutes early, finding the artist
sitting outside smoking tobacco from an old wooden pipe. It surprised me
to see such a young girl choosing that over carrying a vape everywhere
she goes. I mean… she couldn’t have been older than twenty-five.

She was a pretty girl though. She looked to be Native American, and
before you chastise me for saying so, I live just a few miles out from
the local tribal nation. She wore a beaded medallion around her neck,
turquoise jewelry, and her jacket bore the emblem of the local tribe. So
it was more than a lucky guess.

She had beautiful, long, dark hair that accentuated her striking face
and pale brown eyes. She held herself much older than she looked, which
I thought was interesting and rare in this day and age. All in all, she
seemed like a great girl that I wouldn’t mind chatting with for the next
few hours.

After friendly introductions, we went inside and started talking about
the design I had requested when I made my appointment. While printing
the stencil, she told me she had a piece nearly identical to what I
wanted—though, obviously of somebody that wasn’t my grandmother—but she
hesitated to show me.

Eventually, I managed to convince her. She took off her shirt, turning
for me to see it as she explained that it used to be much prettier
before a recent surgery. They had removed a tumor right where the mouth
was, leaving a large, fresh scar.

I was only able to see it for a moment before another customer walked
in, prompting her to quickly pull her shirt back on before I could study
it fully. From what I managed to see, it looked incredible. Even with
the new scar covering up a big chunk of it, it looked like it could have
been a photograph. The eyes were so real. So vivid.

The work was immaculate. She told me that it was done by her father who
in turn taught her how to tattoo, and that only made me more excited.
After flipping through dozens of pages of her previous work, equally as
stunning as her father’s, I lied down and let her set the stencil.

Six long hours later, she was done. I was exhausted, on the verge of
falling asleep, but when she showed me what she had done, my energy
snapped right back into my body. What had she done?

It wasn’t a picture of my grandmother at all. It was beautiful, just as
all of her other work was, but it was a portrait of an entirely
different woman I didn’t recognize. An old, seemingly Native American
woman in a head dress. I immediately confronted her; angry, panicked
stutter in my voice. Her excuse was simple. “I thought the photo you
showed me was just a reference.”

The thing is… that didn’t make any sense. I knew that the stencil she
put on me was a photograph of my grandmother. She had me check the
placement in the mirror! The end result looked nothing like the stencil
did. Did she swap it out? As well-done as the tattoo was, it wasn’t what
I wanted at all.

I had no more words to say to her. I left, furious, and left a scalding
review on her brand new Google business page. It was her only review, so
I truly hoped it would hurt her business. I didn’t care if it was free.
I waited years for this tattoo, and it was not what I asked for.

That night, I had insane dreams. I woke up many more times than usual,
my shoulder throbbing. I have gotten a lot of tattoos, but none of them
have ever hurt like this one did. I also, assuming it was only because
of the strange dreams, felt like I was being watched. It made me shiver.

At work the next day, I was exhausted. I kept hearing a voice coming
from behind me and feeling an annoying tap on my shoulder, but every
time I would turn around, they’d be gone. I couldn’t understand how
somebody could hide so quickly. Eventually, I figured it was just the
lack of sleep and began to ignore it.

Everything got worse over the next few days. The pain was almost
unbearable, growing worse by the day when it should have been getting
better. I started to stay home from work, but it didn’t help. I still
couldn’t sleep. The voice I heard at work had grown louder and the
tapping had continued. At least now I was able to confirm that it was
just the lack of sleep and not one of my coworkers messing with me.

After a week of pure torture, I had to take myself to the emergency
room. The pain became more than I could take and the lack of sleep would
probably kill me before the pain decided to subside. There was a problem
though.

When I was finally seen by the doctor, they told me something I couldn’t
wrap my head around. The tattoo was completely and perfectly healed.
There was absolutely nothing wrong with it. They sent me on my way
quickly, thinking I was seeking pain medication for a quick high.

The moment I got back to my car, the pain suddenly became more intense
than it already had been. I blacked out. I somehow woke up several days
later at home.

I had a dozen voicemails asking why I hadn’t been to work. I was fired
for missing so many days in a row with no excuse. My parents had called
me at least twenty times each, terrified something had happened to me.
Of course, they live so far away that they couldn’t make it out here to
check on me themselves. Poor things.

It was the middle of the night when I came to. I was delirious. I
clearly needed the hospital, but I was so tired that I told myself I’d
go back in the morning. I didn’t care what they thought of me. I needed
help. I sent messages to my parents, as comforting as I could muster,
and drifted back off to sleep.

When I awoke, I could no longer feel my body. I could still see, but I
couldn’t move my eyes. Or my head. Or… any other part of me, for that
matter. Somehow, that wasn’t the worst part.

From what I could see, I was back in the tattoo shop, listening to the
voice of an old woman speaking in a language I had never heard before.
She was speaking with the artist who had done my tattoo. I was
positioned in a way where I could see my own back in the mirror in front
of me. I would recognize my tattoos anywhere.

In a moment of sheer terror, I noticed that one thing was different. The
tattoo. The tattoo of the old native woman. It was gone. In its place,
there was now a tattoo of my own face.

I strain, trying to move again, when I realize something. My line of
sight. Seeing my back like this would be impossible. Was I… looking at
myself through the eyes of the tattoo?

I panicked. I panicked as much as I could without being able to move a
muscle. I had to be dreaming, I thought. A terrible nightmare.

Just then, after what simultaneously felt like years and seconds, the
tattoo artist began speaking in English. “Anyway. It’s wonderful to see
you again, sister. All that’s left is to bring father back.” My line of
sight begins to shift as my body moves by itself. “There is a man coming
in today who will be perfect. Before he gets here though, we must sew
this one’s mouth shut. She will be talking soon, and we can’t have
that.”

They sewed stitches over the tattoo’s mouth, or I suppose, my mouth…
leaving the same nasty scar that my tattoo artist had.

I have been living on my own back for a few weeks now. My body moves
without me telling it to. My home, my family, my life as a whole has
been left behind.

I found out quite quickly that when my body sleeps, I am able to take
control of it for short bursts. I can see again, move again, feel myself
breathe again… but I can’t do it for long, and I am terrified of
leaving. They’ll find out. I don’t want to know what they’ll do when
they find out.

They kept some of my belongings, my phone included. I found out where
they hid it and I have been taking it for as long as I can before I feel
the ability to move slipping from me.

It took me four days to write this out. I don’t know what to do, guys.
Please, help us get our bodies back. Get us out of here. But whatever
you do, don’t go to Soulful Tattoos. They will trap your soul, silence
it, and replace it with their own.
