We scanned the surroundings as we walked along the path and alongside
the row of oak trees following the path. It still unsettled us, I could
see it in their faces. They hated this just as much as I did. One of the
things I hated was what happened to me. I had died and been brought back
to life. Not only that, but that thing, because it’s now difficult to
associate that as a person, had died as well. So I got to thinking, what
else is capable out here. I couldn’t tell if it was the forest that had
brought me back or if something out here could bring us back, and to
this day, I never got that answered.

It must have been near dusk when the path took us to what we had been
searching for: a lookout over the forest. We felt an odd sense of
happiness as we ran up to it and looked over the mountain. It was
quickly cut short. Along as the eye could see, there was nothing but the
forest. Even with binoculars that we haven’t used since we started, we
saw nothing but the forest.

I felt so defeated and worn out as I slumped the bag off my back,
feeling some relief from carrying it so long. I grabbed the binoculars
from Tom and scouted the surrounding forest ahead of us. Nothing was
showing us as I scanned till I saw what looked like a normal person down
the hill to our right, in ragged and mismatched clothing. He looked way
too old to be out here, but as I called for everyone to see what I was
looking at, I saw the gray scarring on his arms and some up his neck. He
was just as much of a victim out here as us.

I was happy to at least get confirmation on that as everyone else saw
him, and Matt said he saw him turn away and walk away and walk back into
the woods. They all put their stuff up and started to rush down the hill
as careful as they could. It wasn’t smooth terrain and we would have to
be careful not to get seriously hurt. They all were ahead of me so they
didn’t see what I saw.

I had gone to put the binoculars in my bag so I turned around to get my
bag when I gasped in shock and disbelief. The path we had been following
for hours was simply gone and was nothing but forest again. I had so
many thoughts run through my head. Am I hallucinating or did we all just
hallucinate the same path? I couldn’t get more time to think when I
heard a branch snap, and not wanting to see what was potentially coming,
I shoved the binoculars in my bag and started to catch up as quickly as
I could.

They had already got to stable ground when they noticed I wasn’t right
behind them, because it was taking me a bit longer. I felt an unsettling
dread as I descended down the rough embankment. My heart was beating so
hard, the pain in my feet was starting to get to me and now I was
questioning things that I really didn’t want to question. I tried my
best to compose myself and when they tried to console me, I told them
that I’ll be fine and kept going towards the way we expected that person
to go, not entertaining their pity or worries.

I felt my head pounding but I kept silent about it. I didn’t know why I
was being such an ass to people that genuinely care about me. It left me
with a pit in my stomach to think that I was causing them worry and
hurt. I couldn’t let myself fall into these emotions because they
wouldn’t save us. We needed a way out and I was willing to go through
any means to find that out. I wasn’t going to allow us to be trapped
like rats in a maze, toiling about as a towering force watched. No way
in hell.

We walked for more time but soon it became too dark to keep going. We
got out our sleeping bags, too tired to set up a tent, and soon the rest
of the group fell asleep, since I said I would keep watch. As they
slept, I figured I would try one more time to call search and rescue. I
don’t know what led me to trying that, but I did it anyway. Maybe it was
desperation or me wanting to hear a reassuring voice tell me everything
will be ok. I dialed the same number and soon took stock that the phone
wasn’t actually close to dying anytime soon. I called it and
surprisingly got an answer.

“Hey, my name is Mark and our group is lost in the forest in the Blue
Mountains. Please save us.” I said quietly to not disturb my friend’s
sleep. I didn’t hear anything but static so I started to talk again when
an unsettling voice broke through on the other side of the call. It was
whispering and scared from the tone of it

“You should have never come out here. All of this is so damn pointless
you fucking idiot. All you do is bring misery to those around you. You
were a jackass before, did you think coming out here was going to fix
you? Think you were going to get over her by coming to this mountain
Mark?” The voice was condescending and full of hatred

“What the hell are you going on about?” I whispered. The voice gave a
pitiful laugh and continued.

“You’re trapped here. You could have done things differently but you,
the silent one, had to open your obnoxious mouth and keep on. Now your
friends are suffering along with you because you were a pathetic hermit.
Locking yourself away in that shitty house where your girlfriend was
banging that man in your bed that you worked hard for. Maybe if you
weren’t such a dumbass you would have seen the signs, but you ignored
them, like you ignore most problems.”

“Stop it-”

“Stop what, telling the truth about your life? You know this is not a
lie. You know you should have been more of a man, but you never were
much of a man before you met her. You’re the reason you’re out here,
unable to leave with your friends. They would have been better without
you-”

I ended the call, tears welling up in my eyes. I had no idea who that
was and knew so much, but I hated how right it was. I never wanted any
of this and I continued to blame myself for all this. It was through my
tears when I looked at the phone when I realized something that made my
blood turn cold.

The call log on the phone was empty. I had never made those calls.

I sat there for a while, trying to rationalize in my head many things,
like the first call being real and my mind just playing tricks on me on
the second, but I was starting to spiral, so I had to set my mind on
another goal. I mainly tried to note down what all had happened so far
since we got lost. With that, I grabbed a small notebook and started
writing. Eventually I got down to at least a page full of oddities. All
that did is make me feel more despair. Despite all that, I had some sort
of hope. Thinking back, that waitress did say that some people got off
this place, so we just had to find that way out.

My thoughts got completely interrupted by the rustle of leaves right
behind me. I grabbed a loose branch from the fire we had started and
readied to swing at whoever was behind me, only to see the older
gentleman raise his hands in surrender. Seeing him, I yelled for
everyone to get up now as I stayed in place. While I waited, I got a
proper look at him.

He looked like he was approaching his 50s, and had plenty of wrinkles
under his eyes. His eyes were green but looked to have a dullness in
them. His hands and arms were scarred, with some gray streaks going all
over his arms. His clothes looked mixed from completely outdated
clothing to newer boots. His face looked like he had been weathered by
battles nobody should have to fight, but I still took note of the gray
streaks that crept up his neck.

“Please don’t do anything irrational, I rather not go through dying
again.” He said, his voice partially strained. I still kept my guard up,
since the last time I saw anything out here it cost me my life.

Who the hell are you? What’s your name?” Tom said as he raised his
pistol up, finger off the trigger.

The man gave a sad laugh and smiled just the same. “I had a name but
I’ve completely forgotten it. Rather, I had it stolen from me a few
deaths ago. Or was it the last death? My memory is so scrambled now it’s
unclear when I lost it.”

We all looked at each other and came to a silent agreement. “Well, it
doesn’t seem like you’re armed or want to hurt us, but we’ll keep our
eye on you. Mark already nearly died and I don’t want us to risk that
happening again.” Tom said as he lowered his gun.

“You don’t have to lie. I know he already died. I can feel it come off
you son. You’ve already experienced the curse and you have it in you
now. The forest has infected you now.” He said.

I rubbed my chest where I had been stabbed and tried to not think about
what he was saying. “Well it seems like you know a bit about what is
going on here. We’ve been lost for about 4 days now. What about you?”

“Four days and one of you has already died? That’s a shame that the
forest is getting more dangerous. It took me a month before I died. What
year is it?” I was confused by why he asked this, but I reluctantly told
him that it was 2026. He chuckled sadly. “So that makes…126 years.
That’s a shame.”

We all looked at each other as we couldn’t believe what we had heard.
“You’re telling me you, someone who looks 50 is over a hundred years
old. That’s impossible.” Henry said.

“Your friend died and came back and somehow being around 140 is?
Whatever faith you hold onto boy, you might as well leave it. God ain’t
coming to save us. I prayed for over 50 years and He never came to save
me. Not even Satan Himself came when I started to pray for him and his
legion. This world has been abandoned by God and even Satan doesn’t want
any claim to this land.” He rambled on.

I stepped in. “So you got lost when you were like 14 or something? What
the hell made you wanna come out here?”

“Ah yes, the one thing the forest didn’t want to make me forget. This
cursed place won’t let me forget that I came up here to propose to my
sweetheart. Oh but I done forget her name but I won’t forget slipping
that beautiful ring on her finger only for that cold hearted bitch to
forsake me by giving it to that damn tree! I became with rage fueled by
the brimstone lord and killed her for abandoning me!” His eyes were full
of tears and malice.

We all slowly started to get our guard up again, especially me. It was
clear that this man was spiraling and talking nonsense now. “I didn’t
have a choice! She told me all those sweet words about us leaving and
after so many years threw that away and told me that she didn’t love me.
I knew she was lying but I was so hurt by that woman lying. She left me
no choice but to murder her. I didn’t expect her to not come back after
the ground consumed her! I never saw her again. I tried for so long to
get out but it wont let me go! I can’t give it all up! I-”

He suddenly grasped his chest and fell to his knees as he panted for
breath, but we all kept our distance. He was becoming more of a threat
after hearing all that. It made no sense what he was saying to me.
Suddenly, he fell face first to the ground, and Tom confirmed what I
already expected to be the case. He had died, probably from a heart
attack. It wouldn’t surprise me. It also didn’t surprise me that the
forest became quiet again.

Horror filled me when I heard multiple steps circling around us. Me and
my friends got closer together as the sound was coming right on the edge
of the light from the fire. I grabbed my light from my bag and shined it
out and saw at least 3 “people” circling around us. They all had the
same glossed over eyes and each one had something different about them.
One of them had longer nails that were jagged and hardened from the
looks of it, one of them had an elongated jaw, like it had been broken
and just stayed that way, and one of them looked had half of their right
hand missing and was stumbling around, only for me to realize that their
foot was broken very awkwardly. They circled around us, just watching us
intently, and we didn’t dare make a sound. They must’ve watched us for
several minutes before they all just hurried into the darkness at a fast
pace, with even the broken foot thing keeping up.

We all breathed a sigh of relief for the moment before a minute later,
we heard the gasp from the old man as he slowly got up, grasping his
chest, and I could see the streaks of his neck visibly increase,
reaching below his jaw. He breathed for a good bit and then looked at
us, noticing our worry and relief at the same time. “I guess you saw a
hollowed, have you?” We gave him a confused expression and he spoke
again. “Those people out here, I called them hollowed because of their
reactions. You’ve seen and experienced them. They don’t react like
normal people do, but they are all different. Some are very hostile and
most just watch. They all are people who got lost out here and now can
never leave. How could you get out if you don’t think like a human?”

“Surely there has to be a way out. You make it seem like we are
trapped.” Matt said.

“We are trapped. And we can’t get out. Because we are selfish creatures.
We hold onto what we love the most and won’t ever let it go. Because
sacrifice is something we don’t want to do. Why would you give away your
soul so you can go out to Hell, to what society deems acceptable? You’re
better off trying to carve a path out of here instead of losing your
humanity like these lost souls.”

“Your fucking insane.” I said, which got everyone’s attention. “You’ve
clearly lost your mind and sanity a long time ago. If you were willing
to kill your lover because you deemed she betrayed you by giving up hope
that she could live a normal life out here, then you’re better off being
one of those freaks in the woods. After all, you’re already looking
close to it. Now stop speaking in riddles and give us some fucking
information on how we can go home!”

I grabbed him and pushed him up against a tree. I don’t know where all
this anger and frustration was coming from. It was unlike me to be an
aggressor, but now I was demanding a madman to give us a way out. Maybe
I was desperate for us all to live. I’ll never know though as I felt
such intense burning in my chest as I aggressed this man.

He stumbled over his words. “I-I-I don’t know. I tried so many things. I
tried to give it what it wants but I guess it’s not what it wanted. It
wants your soul. It wants what you want. It wants to have a part of you
forever.”

I felt more anger as I didn’t like this answer, so I threw him to the
ground. Henry stopped me from advancing on him. “Mark, please calm down.
He clearly has lost his mind. This isn’t you man.” It took me a little
bit to reflect on what I was actually doing. Assaulting this man
wouldn’t give me the answers I wanted, then again I didn’t know what
answer I truly wanted. Tom pointed out that he had run off. We wouldn’t
go chasing him. It wouldn’t have been any use.

“Mark, what has gotten into you? You’re not usually one to just attack
someone like that. I would expect that from Tom, but you’re nice.” Matt
said.

“I don’t know what happened to me. I just felt so damn angry. Fuck man,
I just want to get out of here.” I said defeated. I rubbed my chest
because it felt like it was burning. I felt like I was weak. Of course
everyone else wanted to go home, but I for some reason had to be the
vocal one about it.

Nobody really said anything after that. I chose to stay up and let them
get some sleep while I stayed up, trying to be on watch for anything.
While I was, I decided to note down everything that happened. I didn’t
know how much to trust, but something now was honestly better than
nothing. The one thing that stood out to me was the ground swallowing up
The Old Man’s wife. That hasn’t happened to us and it didn’t happen to
him. Now I just needed to find out what was different. However, halfway
through, I got extremely tired, so I woke Matt up and then I went to
sleep.

I had another dream, this time of something different. I dreamt of
another happy memory. We were on a date at a fancy restaurant that has
been lost to time now, but I remember I was going to propose to her. It
was my only attempt I made before she presumably started to cheat. I was
about to but I felt doubt and fear creep into me. It was so strong that
I had to excuse myself and went outside to catch my breath. As I was
doing so, I saw it. From across the road, partially in the woods, I saw
The Tree.

I felt compelled to walk across it, and I remembered that it was dead
quiet in the dream. The aura from the tree permeated inside me, all the
raw emotions I could feel coming from it, all the unusual phrases,
objects…memories. I touched it and I saw memories of a man crying as he
carved a cross into a tree. Another memory of a woman breaking her
necklace out of sadness. Some child carving a nursery rhyme into a tree
with a jagged rock, his hand scarred badly as gray streaks traveled down
his arm to his hand.

I let go and felt myself close to tears. I don’t know how I was being
shown this, and the fact I can see people desperate to do anything hurt
me so badly. I walked across the street as I tried to wipe the tears out
of my eyes when I saw something that filled me with anger, but now that
memory is lost. All I could feel was betrayal and confusion. Then
without warning, I woke up.

I panted heavily as dawn cracked over the trees, the summer air encasing
my lungs as I sat up from my bedroll. Matt was still up so I leaned on a
tree next to him and asked how everything went.

“It was fine. To be honest, I’m glad you woke me up first. I’ve been
having weird dreams since we got lost.” He said. I waited for him to
speak, sensing he probably just wanted to get this off his chest.
“They’re not nightmares in the normal way. They’re doubts about me as a
father. Worries that I will not be enough for my daughter and soon to be
son. I hate them. I know I’m going to be a great dad. It just hurts to
think about the possibility that I won’t be there for them.”

“You will man. I know we will.” I said, trying to not sound like I was
lying. To be honest, I didn’t know if we would be able to get out of the
forest. If the forest is keeping us trapped, then what did it want? What
could a force like this possibly want from us? That was more things to
think about as we waited for everyone else to wake up.

By the time everyone did and got ready for the day, I looked through my
packs. I had no more food. I asked if anyone else had some, and they all
just barely had enough for themselves. So, with this new development, we
had to start scavenging. We would try our best with the limited
knowledge we knew and try our best to get by for the next few days. I
didn’t know if we would get out soon, but we had to do the best we could
to make it through to tomorrow.

Matt and Tom went off in one direction trying to get some fruits and
berries, while Henry and I would go another way to just find anything. I
had sharpened a stick with a knife that I completely forgot about. All
that time I had forgotten about it, just laying in the bottom of the
bag. I tried to think of more things, like the dream I had. It was
clearly not real since I would know if I saw The Tree before, but those
memories of people carving things into them, that stuck with me. Why did
people feel compelled to do that, and what purpose did it serve?

Henry asked if I was ok and I lied. Deep down that hurt me. I wasn’t the
one to lie to my friends that I care about, but I couldn’t bring the
morale down even more if I told them the weird things I saw. I gave one
sharp stick to him and kept one to myself that I felt was more fragile
than his. We walked for a good bit, probably half an hour. The oddities
of the forest were making itself known now. The trees grew in an
unnatural way, curving is a weird way to reach sunlight. Grass that grew
that looked like turf, all the way out here. It’s like it didn’t care to
present itself as normal any more.

Soon we heard more water, and we decided to refill our canteens at what
appeared to be a small creak in the woods. At this point, I didn’t even
question it, because to me, I was happy with what we could get. I drank
some of it by hand and it felt so refreshing. I felt more invigorated
after a couple of handfuls of water. It was so damn good, better than
any water I had ever tasted.

As we finished up, we walked across the creek and soon found an apple
tree. I was skeptical on letting Henry eat it, considering I didn’t know
if it was safe for us, so I elected to be the one to take a bite. I
carved out a piece and honestly, it was mediocre, but it was better than
nothing. We loaded up our bag and before we left, Henry felt it was only
right to pray. This time, I reluctantly led my head down and closed my
eyes. That’s when I noticed that it was quiet besides Henry speaking.
While Henry was praying, I opened my eyes and looked around with my
head. Far off into the distance, I saw another Hollowed, and it locked
eyes with me.

I slowly nudged Henry, but he ignored me as he kept on praying about the
blessing we have gotten by God. All I felt is that we had stumbled into
a trap. The Hollow still had their eyes on me, slowly approaching,
expertly not breaking any twigs or making any rustle. It was probably 50
feet away from us when I finally decided to grab Henry hard by the arm
and point at the Hollow, but it wasn’t there anymore. I had only looked
away for 3 seconds probably and it was gone.

Panic filled my body as I looked around. This thing had gotten so close
without making a sound, and now I couldn’t see it. Henry was going to
ask me what’s wrong before he stopped before fear filled his eyes. Then
I felt the shallow breathing on my shoulder. Somewhat ragged but very
much still human. I tried my best to stay still, to not let my nerves
win, but it was too much after it didn’t back away after a minute. I
elbowed it in the chest and then turned around and pushed it away from
me, to which it stumbled and fell down, giving us a chance to run.

We grabbed our bags and started to run to our spot. We didn’t dare turn
around, just kept on running, and I noticed that I had left my stick
back there, while Henry still had his. I didn’t care about that, I just
wanted to make it back to my other friends. After about 10 minutes of
running for our lives, we saw Tom and Matt, who were rummaging through
their bags, deciding what they should eat first, until they heard us
coming.

We tried out best to catch our breaths when we approached, and then we
explained what we had seen. They also admitted that they had seen one
very far away, but it didn’t see them. I was lucky that we were all back
together. Then I heard Henry gasp and hold onto his bleeding chest, as
my stick had been forced into him by the Hollow I saw.

In a fit of unusual rage, I grabbed the bastard and started punching it
hard, breaking its jaw and probably its face, but I didn’t stop. All I
saw was red as I clasped my hands together and started hammering its
face in, hearing its desperate breathing, and I didn’t stop. I kept on
smashing, and smashing, and smashing until I was tired to keep on. To
this day, I have blocked out how violent I was and how relentless I was.
I hate what type of person I started to shape into after seeing the
mangled and crushed head as my friends tried to help Henry, but it
didn’t matter as he closed his eyes, and stopped breathing.

I looked at my hands after I had stopped, covered in blood and other
matter. The rage I felt dissipated and all I felt was horror at my
actions. The most violent thing I ever did to someone was hit them in
the mouth with a Frisbee by accident when I was young, but this was a
new low for me, and it terrified me seeing how violent I had become. As
I tried to calm down and wipe all the bits of red and graying blood,
Henry gasped as he clutched his heading chest, and as he lifted up his
shirt, the same graying streaks started to appear from the wound healing
up.

“Fuck, that hurt so bad.” He said, only to realize what he had said. In
that awkward moment, we all started chuckling and then laughing at our
preacher friend cussing for the first time in many years. Granted, it
was warranted because now he is the second person that had died in the
group and came back. I turned around and saw the mangled body still
laying there.

As they were trying to give Henry company, I looked out and very far
into the distance, I saw The Tree. All imposing and still piercing the
sky. I went to tell them I’ll be right back, but I can’t remember if I
actually did or not. I have lost some memories while I was up on that
mountain, that being one of them, mainly because of what would soon
follow.

All I remember is that I went up to The Tree and examined it more
closely. I paid a more diligent eye since I was alone. I found the
necklace the lady broke embedded into the lowest branch, still broken
and dangling from inside it. I saw the crude carving of a nursery rhyme,
probably from the kid, and I saw the ring engraved inside The Tree. So,
those memories really did happen. Then I made another dumb decision: I
touched it again.

I felt myself looking through the eyes of a wife crying as she killed
her husband, as he looked more Hollow than human. I watch her walk for
hours after leaving him there to bleed and die, only to find this tree,
and a date that meant something to her as she bawled her eyes out, only
to feel something grab her head and violently snap it, fading to black.
I saw another person carving a Jewish symbol into the tree only to
violently cross it off and curse his Savior for abandoning him. I was
becoming overwhelmed by loss and sorrow that I wanted to let go. Before
I did, I saw the vision of what I could only presume was the wife of The
Old Man. She was crying as she slipped off her ring and dropped it on
the ground and said that she loved the man he once was, but now the
woods have gotten in his head and she can’t love him anymore, which I
could feel was her giving up that part of her life that she wanted,
before the man attacked her, and as she neared death, the ground
swallowed her up and all was dark.

I let go and gasped for breath. It felt so overwhelming to see so much
that fast. I couldn’t make sense of it all. I didn’t know what any of
this could mean. What am I supposed to do with people losing faith and
giving things up? And what did it have to do with this tree? I noted all
of this down before I went back to the group. While I was walking, I
wanted to get one more view of The Tree, but it was gone when I turned
around.

I knew then that I was succumbing to some sort of madness. I would need
a second person to witness what I was seeing because I was starting to
doubt if I was seeing or feeling what I was feeling. I didn’t bring this
up with them, and it was for the best. Two of us have died, and we would
need to be more careful in the foreseeable future.

We ate some of what we had collected, and felt like we needed to stay
around and hold up here for the day. We didn’t want to push Henry, who
had been off since he came back alive. He was more poignant, more
stressed. I could sense it and everyone else could too, so we just
camped out that day, trying to bring some stuff up to lighten the mood,
but we could never get a proper conversation starting. Henry chose to
have watched over us first and soon everyone else fell asleep except me
and him. I got out of bed and tried to comfort him.

“Hey Henry, everything ok man? You’ve been off since what happened.” I
said calmly.

He shot his head to me and talked to me in a more depressed tone. “You
would be depressed too if you saw what I saw.” I waited a while for him
to keep on. “It was majestic and so beautiful. I was up at the gates
finally and I thought I was finally going to have a chance to be
reunited with the divinity we once had.” Tears welded up in his eyes as
he kept on. “They said that my time hasn’t come yet, that I haven’t done
enough to be worthy to be welcomed into the arms of The Lord. What typed
of fucked up nonsense is that Mark?”

I felt uncomfortable. I knew little about religion but if anyone
deserved a way into Paradise, it should be him for helping such a
troubled soul like I was before, when I didn’t care about what my life
would lead onto or what my purpose was. I tried my best to respond. “I-I
don’t know man. I think you do deserve to be up there. You helped so
many people and have done a lot for The Lord.”

“It’s The Forest damnit.” He said, his words dripped with venom. “It
won’t let us leave, because it’s tainted and corrupted. It wants what
makes us human and chew on it as its food. I’m not going to give it any
sick satisfaction that it won. By God as my witness, we will beat these
corrupted lands. We shall endure like Jesus did when he was tempted by
Satan out in the wilderness. We are tested and we will all pass that
test.”

I reluctantly agreed, but I was very worried. He didn’t bring out his
beliefs that much, but I guess that an experience that we both had would
do that to any person. Although, I did disagree with him. I was starting
to come up with a theory. It wasn’t solid and I didn’t know if I could
trust it or not, but I was making due with what I had at the time.

I think The Forest is its own entity. It has no malice or care, it’s
just a force of nature. Everything that has happened so far was just
things that would happen in its own environment where nothing truly
makes sense. So that begs the question: if it is an entity that just
acts, that means that it must feed, so what does it feed on? What does
it really want? The only thing I had to go off of is people giving
things that might mean a lot to them, but I don’t know what that means
for us. What could we “give” that it would see as good enough to let us
out? That is something I would have to put to the test tomorrow. For
now, I think Henry needed sleep, so I would take the watch.

It must’ve been halfway through when I heard a crack out near the light.
I grabbed my lantern and knife and pointed it into the direction of the
noise. In the light, I saw a baby deer, all by itself, no mother around.
I don’t know why, but it gave me a smile on my face as it walked up to
me and settled itself near me and laid down. Even in this eldritch
forest, some beauty can still happen. I refrained from touching it
because I remember a fact that mother deer will reject the baby deer if
it smells human scent on her.

It must’ve been a couple hours later when I heard heavy footsteps. I
might have dozed off because I was shaken awake by that. When I pointed
my lantern as far as I could, I saw a very tall doe. It surprised me to
see any deer this close and I felt the baby deer stir as it got off me.
At first, I was worried that this deer would get rejected, but as the
doe licked its fawn, they just looked at me before taking off into the
woods as a slow gallop into the dark. That made me feel warm and very
confused. Did the fawn not get my scent on it? I tried to rationalize
this instead of something that was gnawing at me like it was a fact: I’m
not fully human anymore.

Part 1

Part 2
