Part 1

They awoke and I guess they could instantly tell that I had been awake
that whole night. They asked me if anything happened and I had to tell
them the truth, but I didn’t tell them about its eyes. Frankly, I was
just hoping that what I saw was a trick of the mind due to the forest
and its unnatural darkness. However, when we went over to inspect the
area where the thing was, we saw human footprints, more spaced out and
deep. The tracks had an unsettling gait, avoiding any logs that may have
fallen down or big branches in its way.

Now we were more alert. There was someone in these woods with us and for
some reason, they chose to run off instead of coming to help. I was more
relieved internally that they didn’t. The way those eyes stared and its
labored breathing unsettled me, so I knew it could be a threat. I was
getting more worried about the unexplainable mounting up and that made
it so much worse.

We decided to keep on going. Help wasn’t coming so we had to rely on
what we had to get us out. We tried to use the GPS to get back to
Wiseman View, but every time we thought we were on the path to it, it
would only lead us deeper into the forest. Our supplies were getting low
since we only packed for a week and if we were stuck, we would need to
get the basic necessities from the forest.

I still felt so guilty for so many things. My isolation quite literally
led to us all being isolated from the world. I tried to call again and
heard only the dial tone. There were 4 bars though. I should have gotten
ahold of someone.

We walked for what must’ve been like a couple hours when we heard the
sound of running water. We all rushed to the sound and came across a
decent riverbank over a hill. They all felt relief and got to refilling
any canteen and then they decided that they needed to at least bathe.
They all got in and started to clean themselves off.

I felt like something didn’t add up. I called Tom and asked if I could
see the map. He told me it was in his bag and I went looking for it. I
got it out and I even got the GPS out. I turned it on and opened the
map. Both of them showed me why I felt off. There aren’t any rivers on
this side of the mountain we were hiking. We would have to cross it in
order to even get to a simple stream and I know damn good and well it
wouldn’t be a river.

I closed everything and really took in the surroundings. Pine, oak,
hickory, some hemlock. Then off of the riverbed, I saw trees that looked
out of place. It was covered in heart-shaped leaves. I knew that they
didn’t belong here and only a few months later would I find out that
they grow along the Mississippi River.

“Guys, something is wrong. The map said that there shouldn’t be any
rivers on this side of the mountain.” They all stopped chatting and
looked at each other.

“So how is there one now? Surely it must have come from somewhere.” Matt
said, trying to be the voice of reason.

“I-I-I don’t know. All I know is what I see and there is something
happening that shouldn’t be happening.” That was all I could say. I
didn’t want to think of the implications that this had

After they got done bathed and cleaned up, we went on to any direction
we could. We tried to continue to use the GPS as somewhat of a guide. We
knew that it couldn’t be trusted but it was literally the only thing we
had to go off of. We could all feel the tension in the air. My feet were
getting more tired fighting the unusual terrain. I could tell that Henry
was more silent now. I could only assume that he was in his prayers more
often, trying to reassure that his God will get us home safely. Matt’s
shoulder slumped more from the weight of the pack, I could tell. Tom was
watching everything with a diligent eye, knowing that someone was out
here, and that they may be a threat if they didn’t seek company with us.

By midday we hit a clearing, and we stopped for a break. I looked all
around us. The amount of trees we saw that was natural was still there
partially. There were other trees that looked off, but I tried to
rationalize it with things that happen in nature. Birds may have eaten
some seeds, left their remains and these trees grew from that. That
should explain why I saw a couple, but it seemed like if we were going
to go deeper, the more unnatural everything would be.

“You okay Mark? You seem out of it man.” Tom said, approaching me. It
didn’t dawn on me that I didn’t join the group when we took our break
and that I had been just standing there looking around.

“Y-yeah, I’m all fine. I’m just observing what I’m seeing. There are
trees that shouldn’t be here. Things just aren’t making sense.” I
sighed, feeling defeated.

Tom placed his hand on my shoulder. “I know this isn’t how this trip was
supposed to go, but we’ll get out of here. I promise.”

“It’s my fault we are out here. If I didn’t cope with Elizabeth cheating
on me better, we wouldn’t be here. I’m starting to think a lot of things
would be different if I had done better.” I rambled on till Tom cut me
off.

“Quit talking like that man. You did all you could and there isn’t
anything anyone can ask more of. It’s her fault that she did that. You
were a good partner and provided for her and were there for her. It’s
not your fault we are out here either. We all wanted this trip and yeah,
this really is worrying, but we will get out.”

I did reluctantly agree with his statement, but I still felt a great
guilt for pushing on. I still do even now. He was right though. This is
the trip we have been planning since we got out of high school and we
wanted this, but we didn’t expect to be stuck in this forested maze.
Somehow, I felt like it wouldn’t be easy to get out since this started.

We sat around in silence after I pointed out more abnormalities. I think
we all knew that something was wrong, but none of us wanted to say what
it was. I couldn’t tell if any of them were thinking the same thing I
was. It became more clear that the surrounding woods we should have been
are far gone. I had some ideas but I didn’t want to break the morale of
the group. We had each other and as long as we did, we would be ok.

“Has anyone seen any signs of anyone around here?” Matt asked. We all
just shook our heads. “Well, it’s clear we are lost and we need to
become comfortable with being uncomfortable. We need to try to find an
overlook to see if we can spot any town. I know we can at least go in
the general direction at that point. We should try to scavenge as much
as we can if we are able to hunt. Nothing gets left behind.”

“You make it sound like we will be here for a long time Matt.” Henry
said, his tone a bit sharp with exhaustion and stress.

“We very well may be. All I know is that we are running out of food and
soon we will literally have to survive off the land.” Matt replied.

Soon all three were conversing about what plans we should make. I didn’t
want to interject with my guilt or my crazy ideas. Instead, I tried to
listen to the woods. It’s unsettled me how quiet things have gotten. We
have seen a rare amount of animals in the area. I don’t think I heard a
bird chirp or crow. Insects are far off in the distance. That made me
worry more.

My thoughts were interrupted by a branch cracking to my right. The group
was to my left. I slowly shifted my eyes to the other side of the
clearing. I saw what looked like a hand slowly shift to behind a tree.

“Someone’s close to the right.” I said, immediately cutting off the
group’s chat. They slowly came over. Another branch breaking was heard
as something moved behind another tree. It was a big deer. They sighed
in relief and were about to jest at me being worried about a deer before
that thing started running in our direction. I saw fear in those eyes.
It was scared of something.

They all moved away and so did I as it sprinted right past us. I looked
in the direction it was running from and all the air left my body. There
in the clearing, what should have been a person was something that
looked human, but horribly mangled. Its hands had thick nails that
looked like a dull yellow, its body grossly contorted with one of its
legs appearing broken, but still walking like a human would. Its body
lost all its natural color of a human, instead gray scars appeared from
underneath its clothes, writing up its neck. And its eyes were the same
dull gray eyes I saw from last night. I could only assume this is the
same thing I saw, but I still am unsure to this day.

My friends saw it moments later, unable to speak or scream. Every breath
it took was strained and forceful. All we could do is watch as it
shambled about, walking unnaturally with its broken leg. Even with it
broken, if it caused any pain to put any pressure on it, it didn’t react
at all. Tom was the first to try to call for it, but the moment he came
out of the clearing, it bolted away from us, its run so precise and
haunting.

It took us all a minute to even speak. We were so stunned by what we
saw. Now we knew for certain that there was “someone” here in the woods
but they looked far from human at this point.

“What was that abomination? I’ve never seen a thing like that in all my
life.” Henry said, clearly the most shaken up. I guess that in all of
his teachings and his past time of looking up unnatural creatures, he
had never thought he would see one.

“That must be the same thing I saw last night. Jesus, it was so messed
up. I have never seen something so grotesque.” I replied as I pushed
forward to where that thing ran off to. I saw the tracks, heavy and
unnatural like this morning, but it was gone. I told the group this and
they all just looked at each other.

We set up a little camp about an hour away. None of us wanted to begin
the conversation. I surely didn’t want to try to be the one to bring up
what we saw. Another hour later, the tension was so thick you could cut
it with a knife. So I reluctantly began the conversation with a simple
question.

“So…what should we do now?” I asked the group. They looked at each other
and contemplated. This wasn’t going to be easy to decide.

“I say we should get to a lookout. Try to find the nearest town and we
can go from there. Survive off of whatever food we can find or hunt.
Either way, I’m going to do what it takes to see my new son. I’m sure my
wife is worried sick about me now.” Matt said calmly as he could. I can
tell this all unsettled him and he was worried about his wife.

“I think we should pick a direction and just depend on ourselves. We
can’t trust anything out there and this all is very dangerous. We could
die out here.” Tom said.

I looked at him puzzled. He was normally one for rational thinking but
that sounded insane.

“What type of plan is that Tom? We could get lost deeper in the woods
than we already are.”

He looked at me and shook his head. “Yeah…I don’t know where that came
from. It must be the stress from all this. I just want us all safe. I
want to go home.”

“We all want to go home.” Henry said, placing a hand on Tom’s shoulder.
“How about I lead us all into prayer? That will lift our spirits.” They
all nodded and bowed their heads.

“Ya’ll do that, I’ll scout ahead.” I said, immediately getting
uncomfortable. I saw Henry give me a sad but understanding expression
before he started praying. He knows why I wanted to scout. I have had
problems with religion all my life. I do say I am a believer but it’s
hard to believe in everything. It’s hard to put my faith into something
so esoteric that a divine being created us all and has a plan for us. I
don’t know where in God’s plan that it was all divine that we get lost
in a forest, but I still curse that idea to this day.

I walked a little bit away and heard something for once: birds chirping.
I even saw a family of rabbits cross my way. It felt so relieving to
hear nature in action for once. And as I walked and enjoyed the
sincerity of the moment, I came across another clearing. This one
actually looked like a certified path to go down. I went back and got
them and with nothing else to do, we followed this path

I remember just walking along, taking in the scenery because it was just
a contrast to all that I saw. Everything felt normal at first. There
were the usual trees known for growing. My friends were trying to
discuss what they were going to do when we got home. Things seemed to be
going right, but something in the back of my mind kept alerting me to
something unusual, even with wildlife in the immediate area. As we
walked the path, I paid more attention to the trees that we passed, then
I fully stopped and actually looked ahead at the path forward.

The trees had been growing in a straight line since we started on this
path. It felt like a gut punch. I can only compare it to the way trees
grow in a straight line in rich people’s driveways. That would be normal
for that setting, but here in the middle of the woods, it defied ecology
and the way nature works. It doesn’t take a genius to see that this was
an impossibility in the deep woods of Appalachia.

My friends saw the visible confusion in my face and asked what was
wrong. When I made them aware of this oddity, they were also puzzled. A
man-made pathway in the woods of Appalachia. They couldn’t rationalize
it any better than I could, and we had walked for half an hour now. This
was the only path we had seen since getting lost, so reluctantly, we
kept on.

We walked till it was dusk. I was purely exhausted now, and there was no
way I could take the night watch this time. I had been going on with
sheer willpower and determination, but even then, the human body has its
limits. I told to just give me a few hours and I wouldn’t mind rotating
so whoever was up could also get some sleep.

To this day, I will forever remember that dream that I had that night. I
dreamt that I had actually woken up from sleeping and I got out to see
that I was completely alone. I grabbed one of the flashlights and
searched frantically for my friends. It must’ve been hours in that dream
because soon it was dawn. As I was searching, I came across more
oddities in the woods. Grass and plant life that shouldn’t grow at all
this far in the woods, trees that pierced the sky, and finally, I came
across the most horrifying thing I had seen before.

It was a tree that had unusual dark red bark, piercing the sky till the
eye couldn’t see it anymore, and branches that grew in irregular shapes,
some of them straight out like a line, an impossibility in itself.
That’s not what was horrifying. As I got closer, I saw carvings into the
tree. Phrases, names, rhymes, symbols, and other things I didn’t know
the significance of. I saw jewelry encased in the bark, bark that shaped
like eyes with different coloration for the pupil, and more similar
objects. I couldn’t even describe what all this meant or why it was like
this. What I do remember significantly, was the feeling and aura around
the tree. I felt dread, sadness, anger, hatred, and emotions that I
hadn’t felt in years or ever. It was all coming from the tree. I reached
out to touch it for some strange reason, but the bark was unusually very
sharp, and it cut the palm of my hand. I shook my hand after recoiling
from pain and I felt a hum in the atmosphere around me, like something
had just started up and active now.

Then I woke up in a cold sweat, feeling uncomfortable and scared beyond
belief. I felt a stinging pain in my hand and I looked at it, only to
see a small cut in my palm. I looked around and saw I was in my sleeping
bag, and I could hear the birds make their calls, which I could assume
that morning was approaching us. I got up and shook the gross feelings I
had off of me, and looked around. Henry was up this time, and he looked
over to see me. Guess I made quite the ruckus. I got up and sat next to
him, trying to figure out what would be a good conversation starter.

“Sleep well?” He asked. I just kinda shrugged, not wanting to really
talk about that weird dream. “I just started an hour ago. It’s been
kinda quiet besides the usual.”

“Yeah, at least we can hear some life out here. I was worried that there
wouldn’t be.” I sighed and got ready for the big topic. “How are you
holding up man? I’m sure none of this has been easy.”

“It’s not, that’s for sure, but I’m doing alright. As best I can be.” He
said. There was a good bit of silence before he started up the convo
again. “I wonder who that person was that we saw. They looked like they
were in agony. I sure hope that God takes care of them in these
troubling times.”

“Yeah, same here.” I reluctantly agreed. “Have you ever seen anyone look
like that? They looked so bizarre, almost like a corpse. I don’t know
how they are still alive. They were skinny as hell.”

“No, I can’t recall ever seeing anyone like that. Then again, it’s clear
that nothing is normal now, is there?” I nodded in agreement. “I have a
bad feeling about these woods. Nothing makes sense here. Things happen
that shouldn’t. It’s a mockery of what God has set in stone.”

I sighed in mild frustration. I always hated when he got philosophical
like this. Not like we didn’t talk like this normally, just when it came
to religion it always unsettled me and bothered me.

“Look Henry, I don’t know why most of the stuff is happening around us.
I can’t say what is spitting in God’s image for the world out here. What
I do know is I don’t feel like we are lost, I feel like we are trapped.
In some way, something is keeping us here.” I finally admitted what I
had been thinking.

“I do feel the same way, I just didn’t want to say it.” Henry said.
“With all that has happened, I feel like we are being tested out here.”

“I agreed to a hike, not a damn quiz in the middle of the fucking
woods.” I said, getting us to chuckle a bit. “For real, I don’t know
what is going on, but by your God, we are getting out of here. I’m sure
of that.”

Henry patted my back like he usually does when he is done with a
conversation and we just sat in silence, just taking in the sounds of
the forest. It must’ve been by the nearing dawn that I distinctly
remember that the forest slowly went quiet. I looked around slowly,
trying to take in any detail.

Far off from the distance of the campfire, I saw dull blue like eyes,
and as I paid more attention to them, I could hear the rapid breathing
far off in the distance. It was so heavy and forceful, and in quick
bursts. I won’t lie to say that freaked me out more, so I grabbed a
light and directly pointed it at the thing I saw.

This was another person, and they looked so much worse. They looked
nearly like a skeleton with skin draped over the bones, I could see
their heart pumping through the ragged clothes they wore, their hair
unkempt and so dark. Their fingernails were chipped and looked sharp on
one hand and where the other hand should be was a hardened jagged stump,
like a broken stick of an arm. Their eyes were dull like the others, and
fueled by what I could only assume was malice. The rage in their eyes
freaked me out the most. The last one I saw barely had any emotion, so
to see this one full of it unsettled me deeply.

We saw them for a few seconds when something came over me to chase them
away. I can’t recall why, but I felt like if they got any closer we
would be in major trouble. So I stood up and started sprinting at them,
my fight or flight choosing to fight out of nowhere. Henry yelled for me
but I didn’t listen. All I saw was a threat and I wasn’t going to let
them get hurt.

They took off in the opposite direction down the path we would have kept
on going down, their running so unnatural. Regardless I kept on running
at them, yelling at them. I chased them for a minute before they outran
me and ran off deeper into the woods. I slowed to a stop and tried to
catch my breath. My brain was fuzzy with adrenaline pumping through me.
It took me a good bit to slow down my thoughts and think clearly. That’s
when I noticed that I saw a big tree, maybe 100 feet from the path we’ve
been taking.

I was about to start walking towards the tree when my friends came up
and asked what happened. I was discussing everything that transpired
when I felt a resonance come from deep in the woods. My blood turned to
ice as I remembered the dream I had. I just stopped talking and started
to walk in the direction towards that tree. I felt like I needed to make
sure that it wasn’t what I thought it was, but once I got closer, my
suspensions were correct.

There, in the dead middle of the clearing, was the same tree from my
dream. The same symbols, carvings, unusual objects in the tree, and the
feelings surrounding it. This time, I saw a small blood mark left on the
tree. I could only make the assumption that it was mine, but I can’t say
for sure. My friends came up and inspected the tree. They were
completely thrown back by what we were seeing. I looked up and the tree
pierced the sky like before.

“What unholy abomination is this thing?” Henry said, his voice having a
hint of fear in it.

“Its not like anything I’ve ever seen before.” Matt said as he walked
around it.

“What the hell are these things carved in it? This is just a nursery
rhyme. And there is a piece of a necklace in the tree. This makes no
sense.” Tom said as he took a gander at it.

I stepped back in horror. I knew then that this was actually real, but I
still couldn’t tell why this was just here. It made no sense to me. I
couldn’t have any more chance to ruminate on it before I felt something
pierce through my chest. I saw that person’s spiked arm pierce through
me, and I started to cough up blood, which got them to turn around. Tom
pulled out his gun and shot it twice, once in the heart and once through
the head, which them dying pulled their arm out of my chest.

I had my hand covering it, but it was a decent size hole. I was losing a
lot of blood. They were all trying to tell me that everything was
alright, and all I could do was smile and cry as I felt the life drain
out of me. Holding Henry’s hand as he tried to pray this away and then
holding Matt’s hand as he tried to tell me that I needed to hold on, and
that I needed to be there to be an uncle for his son. Soon everything
faded to black as I closed my eyes.

What I saw next was bizarre as hell, even after everything that
happened. I saw a vision of me and my now ex girlfriend and the moment I
fell in love with her. I remember we went to the movies as best friends.
I can’t recall the movie anymore, but what I can recall is us laughing
at what was probably a dumb scene in the movie. I just remembered that I
stared at her once gorgeous smile and her radiant face, full of hope and
ambition to become something more than our uprising. It made my heart
flutter with an intense love that I became addicted to chasing. I
remembered as I was in that memory that I would give anything to make
this person fully happy no matter what. It still hurts to think about
that memory.

Then I woke up, gasping for breath, my friends crying around me, looking
immediately shocked and surprised, with that tree behind them. I went to
touch where I had been stabbed, only to find it healed to near
completion. I say near because it left a nasty scar that spread out a
little bit, some of it a light blue color. Henry looked shocked and
mortified at what he was seeing. I felt sick and immediately turned over
and started to vomit out the bits of blood that were still left in my
throat and mouth, my mouth soon tasted like bitter copper.

As I spit out the rest of the remaining blood that apparently didn’t
heal up, my friends helped me up, making me groan in pain from how sore
I still was. Matt and Tom had tear streaks left over on their faces as
Tom started to speak.

“I-I-I’m stunned. How are you alive? How the actual fuck are you alive!?
I felt your pulse leave your body, I saw that wound. This is
impossible!” He said, shaking his head and rubbing the back of it as he
started to pace.

“Tom calm down. I don’t know how it is even possible that he is alive,
but we should be more than happy that he is alive.” Matt said, trying to
keep his composure even to himself.

“T-Tom, it’s still me. The same Mark if you’re worried about that. I
don’t understand it at all, but fuck man, I’m scared shitless myself. We
just need to take a moment to breathe.” I said, trying to calm everyone
down.

“This isn’t even possible. How in God’s name are you still alive? Did He
bring you back from death? I don’t-” Henry was saying until a vitriolic
tone came out of me from nowhere.

“Your God didn’t fucking bring me back. I’m sure he didn’t want my
dumbass walking up to the pearly gates, if that’s what you were hoping
for you dumbass.” I said with such hate and anger. I still to this day
don’t know why that came over me. Everyone got silent and Henry looked
at me sadly. I felt so damn bad for hurting him to that degree. Even
when I did have my moments, I wasn’t that hateful before. “I-I’m sorry
Henry. I don’t know what came over me. Fuck, I fell terrible man. I’m so
sorry-”

He raised his hand, still feeling sad before I could see him try to suck
it up and smile. “Mark, it’s fine. You were scared and reacted. I
shouldn’t have done that to you. I’m just happy you’re alive.” he said.
I brought him into a hug and we stayed there for a bit, me still feeling
guilty as ever about that outburst.

We separated and we soon started to hear rustling behind us. We turned
to see that this person, who had just been shot and killed like me, was
starting to get up as well. We were dumbfounded by the impossibility of
this, even if I had just died myself. As they got up, I could see that
where Tom had shot them in the head was partially healed as well, but
dark gray thin streaks crossed into their face. Its breathing was ragged
and filled with despair. Then without any hesitation, it ran off deeper
into the woods.

It had been hours since that happened as we sat huddled around beside
the weird tree. We didn’t know what to make of everything that had just
happened. I died and came back alive a minute later and that thing took
3 minutes to come back from being shot in the heart and head. I was
deeply unsettled by why this had happened. Finally, Henry was the first
to speak to me.

“What happened after you died? Did you see anything at all?” Tom asked
with genuine concern.

I sighed and rubbed the area I had been stabbed. It felt so
uncomfortable and tender still. “I had a weird vision of me and
Elizabeth. It was when we went to the movies and I fell in love with
her. I don’t know why I saw that of all things. I was expecting either
brimstone fire or purgatory, I don’t know.”

“Why would you be shown that?” Tom asked pointedly.

“How the hell am I supposed to know man? I literally died. It’s not like
I got a choice of what I get to see when that happens.” I replied
annoyed. It bugged me that he would try to ask something so redundant. I
looked around at the sun rising through the trees, the shadows darker
than usual. Then off handedly, I noticed that the tree that had many
things on it didn’t have one at all. I pointed it out to them and they
confirmed as much. With all of these random occurrences and the fact
that 2 people out here have been brought back from the grave gave me an
unsettling realization that I have chosen to not say until that point.

“We’re trapped in these woods. It won’t let us go.” I announced. They
all just kinda stared at me with varying emotions. Tom was puzzled,
Henry looked saddened and Matt seemed very concerned. I can understand
why they felt that way. One of them is a man of faith and his faith was
being tested to an unusable degree and one of them was about to be a
father. Being trapped in woods that don’t conform to reality isn’t the
most pleasing thought. Tom was a rational man but everything that we had
seen broke any set rules that reality had, even as being brought back
from death and healed.

“So any ideas on how we can get out?” Matt asked.

I got up and walked around the tree. It didn’t take a genius to figure
out that this was a centerpiece of importance, but we couldn’t deduce
what it was. All of it was random and chaotic, and it didn’t make sense.
I told them that we needed to stick together and try to find a way to
get out and see if we can find out what is actually going on here. Soon
we packed up and we continued onward, preparing ourselves for more of
the unnatural and unreasonable nature of this cursed forest.
