Ever since my life took a downturn, people thought it would be a good
idea to find help, but I guess therapy doesn’t work when people think
that what’s making you sick is all in your head. Talking about it
doesn’t work. Maybe writing it will. I’m stuck in this hospital bed
anyway, and I’ve got time. Plus, I couldn’t waste the opportunity to see
the irony.

Back in the day, when I was just an aimless teenager, I figured I should
just get a job; at least I would have money to spend aimlessly. Work was
hard to find and the only place that accepted me was a hospital, weirdly
enough—the biggest one in the city and the one that I was born in. I
thought it was like a full-circle kind of thing, like I was helping the
place that helped me get into this world. I was a teenager, after all.

This wasn’t one of those ancient European cities, but the building still
looked like something people don’t build anymore. It had old
architecture, like something vampires would live in, but painted white. 

My job was pretty good, and I really liked working there, making
friends, and helping people, even if some of them couldn’t really be
helped all that much. Such is life. 

I guess the managers liked me too, because they fast-tracked me to
bigger responsibilities and even paid for my studies to become a nurse.
They didn’t get a lot of men interested in this job, and they really
wanted someone to work in the psychiatric wing.

At first, the job consisted of just giving pills to people and
entertaining the occasional “crazy talks.” The team that ran that wing
was older, maybe in their thirties or forties, but they were nice and
helped me get used to the work.

The doctors treating the patients would tell us that it was part of our
job not to get into patients’ delusions, but since they weren’t there
all day, the guys working there always seemed to ignore that part, and
so did I; I didn’t know why they did that, though.

Every now and then they would give me odd jobs around the hospital. I
figured it was so I could learn more about the place while still doing
something.

On my occasional errands, I would come across people asking for
information, looking for people and places that I didn’t know about yet.
So, most of the time, I would just direct them to an information desk.
Half the time they wouldn’t go. Maybe they didn’t really want to find
their loved ones suffering… or worse. 

Since it was a huge hospital, it was also noisy; you’d always hear
shouting, crying, and stretchers being rushed to the emergency room. 

One day, right as I came back from an errand, the head nurse told me I
needed to go to the fifth floor and hand some papers to the guys working
there since no one else wanted to. That floor was new compared to the
rest of the hospital and reserved for surgeries. You would need to take
a different elevator to access it normally. “The new guy should take
them, and don’t forget to take the stairs! The elevator is broken,” I
heard my “friend” say, laughing his ass off as I walked away. The papers
needed to be delivered fast, and since I was the new guy, I had no
choice. I figured those lazy bastards just didn’t want to climb all the
way up there.

The way up was through an old corridor, and the stairs looked like they
weren’t used that often anymore. They were even sectioned off. Old
hospital, mold, I thought. I had to ask around, and some people looked
genuinely surprised that I even wanted to find it. 

On my way through the fourth floor, on a set of stairs that never seemed
to end, a well-dressed woman stopped to ask me how her father was. I
told her I didn’t work on that floor and she should ask the people
working there. Before I could even finish, she scoffed, saying that no
one wanted to work in that hospital, and just went down the stairs. That
floor looked very quiet, so I guess she was right. When I finally got to
the fifth floor, the woman at the desk took the papers. As I was getting
ready for my journey back, she said, “Did you take the stairs? Don’t go
back through there, take the old service elevator out back.” It would
have been nice to know about that on the way up, too. The only thought
that came to my mind at the time was that my coworkers truly were
assholes for testing my cardio like that. 

When I got back from my tour around the hospital, no one said a thing. I
guess my furious look made the joke stale. “Why didn’t you guys tell me
about the service elevator? Wanted me to pass out on the way down?” That
was it for a few weeks. No more stairs or errands for me, plus I was
getting tired of having to answer the same questions every time I passed
the main hall. There was a giant sign that says “information desk” right
there! Anyway, thank God.

Since it was a psychiatric wing, most people were knocked out by their
meds by the time the night shift got there, so it was a joke we had that
most of their work was clocking in. One patient, hearing our
conversation, said he was going to give the night nurse a good scare to
“make her work a little.” We all had a laugh, since I was getting his
sleeping pills ready at that very moment. There would be no scare. 

By the time I was getting ready to greet the night shift and go home, I
was told I had to work an extra shift, since one of them was sick. Extra
money, I thought, so I took it since the other guys didn’t look so keen
on staying on short notice.

For the first few hours, it did seem like we were right. The hardest
part of my job WAS clocking in. I had my lunch break. I even watched
some fights on my phone. I could get used to it. That was until around 2
AM. I was feeling exhausted; I wasn’t used to staying up that long.
Outside, I could still faintly hear movement, even if I couldn’t see
anyone. It is a big hospital, after all. Inside that wing, all I had
were those purposefully harmless white walls, long corridors, and the
ticking of that huge clock on the wall. It almost seemed like I was the
one who took those sleeping pills. The wall next to me looked so soft
and comfortable. I leaned against it and almost slept. 

On one of my “long blinks” I saw it: the son of a bitch, butt-naked with
a blanket over his shoulder. *He must’ve spat out his pills*, I thought.
I had to check on him; after all, he was under my care and was unwell. I
called his name, but he just ignored me, so I had to go all the way
there. When I touched his shoulder, he turned, pushed me as hard as he
could, and ran. I fell on my ass but tried to give chase, only to turn
the corner and see there was no one there. I guess the commotion made
people wake up, and the guy that just pushed me was on the other side of
the hall, groggy from his pills. I just stood there for a couple of
minutes trying to figure out what just happened. When I told the head
nurse, she just laughed at me. “You’ll get used to it, honey.” I must’ve
been dreaming.

For all of the good and funny days I had working at the psych ward, one
thing was certain: I did not want to be on the late night news as the
guy who was brutally murdered by a rabid patient while working night
shifts at a hospital, so I asked to be transferred to the general ward. 

My first day there, I thought that maybe the “brutally murdered” thing
was better. I had so much work, so many patients to take care of, and
for the first time, I came face-to-face with how frail we all are. How
some diseases eat people, both the sick and their families. It was a
harsh contrast from goofing around with mental patients. 

One day, while I was caring for an old lady, she said that I spooked
her. I apologized. She laughed and said, “I thought you were an angel
coming to take me!” I am handsome, but not that handsome. I didn’t want
to waste the opportunity, so I bragged about it to another coworker a
couple of hours later, but she did not seem to find it funny. The only
thing she said was, “Poor thing.” The old lady died the next day.

We would get these “predictions” from time to time. Like the
surge—that’s when a terminally ill patient gets a last burst of energy,
starts eating, talking, hell, some even start to walk again. Some family
members knew what that meant, some didn’t. It was heartbreaking just the
same.

There were times when a patient would see an angel, just like the old
lady, or the grim reaper coming for them. And about the grim reaper, we
actually had one there. He was an old doctor; so old, in fact, that he
might’ve been around when this place was being built. That is probably
why he never got fired, because every time he came in to make the
rounds, we would have an abnormally large number of deaths. I don’t know
if he was trying to free up beds for “new customers” or sheer
incompetence, but I just couldn’t believe that he never got caught with
whatever he was doing.

Night shifts were fine due to the reduced workload most of the time,
however, if things went sideways, there were also fewer people to help.
Normally, when someone dies, a special team comes in to prepare, collect
the body, and take it to the morgue where all deaths are investigated.
Again, I have no idea how that doctor wasn’t caught.

On one of those busy nights, the day shift couldn’t finish getting this
one guy ready, so it fell to me to get it done. Preparing a body isn’t
difficult; you just clean it and bag it. But it takes a sort of
mentality to go from “them” to “it” that I just didn’t have yet. Since
it was my job, and I couldn’t just let him—it—rot there, I got it done.

When I got to the morgue, there was only one guy working. For such a
huge hospital, they sure liked to cut back on staffing.

“Busy night, huh? Reaper came in?” he asked.

“Yeah, about that guy, wh—”

He interrupted me. “Thanks for bringing it in. Since I can’t leave this
place alone, it would have been a while until someone came up to get
him, and I don’t like to keep them waiting.”

“Yeah, sure, no problem. It was my first time doing it, though. Hope
everything is alright.”

“Don’t worry about it. I’ll take him from here.”

A few days later, a rumor went around about a guy who was declared dead
and taken to the morgue. When they went to check later, there were
scratch marks on the inside of the bag, as if he was trying to get out.
They were saying it was the Lazarus effect. I read somewhere that it’s a
rare return of a heartbeat. This is a big hospital, and people like to
gossip and make up stories. But I couldn’t help but think about the guy
I took down there. I kept thinking about how that doctor could have
declared him dead, how the drugs or whatever he did weren’t strong
enough to kill him, and how I was the one who let him suffocate to death
in a body bag. I held on to the thought that the guy that took him did
his job better than the reaper. I think I need therapy.

While I didn’t want to go back to the psych ward, I did miss my first
coworkers. They were assholes, but so was I. We would meet in the break
room from time to time. They would crack jokes, talk about the latest
loony antics the patients were up to, and how some of them never seemed
to be able to stay away for too long. It’s sad how mental health issues
take hold of you and make you a permanent fixture of a place as awful as
this. Better than dying, though.

This is by no means an easy job and the people that stay long enough are
few and far between. Too much work, too much stress, too much death.
It’s not for everyone. People bounce from hospital to hospital just to
get a “fresh start” somewhere else. I was starting to get the same idea,
and maybe I just needed to stumble into this decision.

Around my one-year mark there, I overheard some people talking about
what the new management was doing. “Did you hear it? They are finally
gutting the fourth floor. I think they are going to make a memorial or
something there.”
I didn’t get around the hospital much at that time. I was finding out
that being given more responsibilities wasn’t a perk after all, just a
lot more work, so I was entirely out of the loop. I asked why they were
getting rid of an entire floor, and they said, “Because of the gas leak.
Three people died there and a bunch got really ill a while back. Plus,
that woman a few years earlier…”

That made no sense. I had worked there for almost a year. A WHOLE year!
I would have heard about it. I would have seen it on the news or
something. There had been people there just a few months earlier, I’m
sure of it! I wasn’t crazy, not yet anyway. I had to see it.
I took the elevator from the ground floor, where I worked. It wouldn’t
open on the fourth, so I exited on the fifth. I saw that lady, the
receptionist. She looked confused; she wasn’t expecting me. But she
quickly realized what I was thinking when I had my eyes fixed on that
corridor.
She stood up. “Don’t g—”

I bolted down the first set of stairs. When I reached the next landing,
there she was.

That woman.

She was lying at the bottom of the stairs, bloodied, her head cracked
against the wall, her high heels snapped in half. She hadn’t just walked
away that day. I had been unlucky enough to see where she always ended
up.

I had no tools to deal with this.

I ran back up as fast as I could. When I got to the top, my heart was
pounding. I felt like I was going to vomit, and all I could say was, “I
don’t think those guys are my friends at all!”

I woke up a few hours later in one of the beds meant for patients.

After coming to, they said I was talking nonsense to the fifth floor
staff about a dead woman downstairs. They called it burnout, but since I
punched a guy on my way out and had to be physically restrained, there I
was, back in the psych ward, but now on the other side. At least I’ll
finally get that therapy I was looking for.

It is certainly different being on this side of things. They wanted me
to say everything I needed to “get off my chest,” but at the same time,
no one really cared. I remembered the rule about not indulging patients’
delusions, and clearly, they weren’t indulging mine. 

There was an almost entirely new crew working there. Part of the
renovations by the new hospital management. They wanted to move away
from the sad, old, creepy aesthetic and toward a modern one, so there
were a lot of layoffs. Or so I heard.

One thing they couldn’t get rid of was the religious aspect of the
place. There were all sorts of statues, names and phrases written on the
walls, and other sacred items in that hospital, and unless they wanted
to bring down the wrath of the Catholic Church, every single religious
resident of that city, and maybe God Himself, they had to keep them.
That meant keeping the old traditions of priests and nuns visiting
patients.

That usually happened with critical cases. Pneumonia is a big deal when
you are a child or an old person, so they would come and pray for
patients like that because you might as well try everything at that
point. I actually got a visit from an old priest who had prayed for me
when I was a child, hospitalized for that same reason more than a decade
prior. This time, at least, we had a conversation. 

“How are you doing?” he asked.

“I’m fine, Father. And you?”

“As well as God allows me.”

“That’s good to hear.”

“I’m glad to see you survived back then. Although I’m sad to see you
back here. I’m sure you’ll pull through just as you did once before.”

“Thank you for your kind words, Father. I hope you are right.”

“I’ll keep you in my prayers, son.”

Funny how some things stick with you. Even though I was really young
back then, I still remembered his face. It looked exactly the same as it
did the first time I saw him. I guess not even death can keep a man of
God from his duties. 

I’ve been here for a while now, since my mind apparently still isn’t in
the right place. Even if they didn’t believe everything, they believed
most of it, and some of the meds helped a little. The doctors came in
with the usual generic questions: “Are you sleeping well? Are you
eating? Taking your meds on time?” As if I have any choice. But one
thing stuck.

“Are you still hearing voices?”

“I’ve never heard things that weren’t there,” I answered.

“The night crew told me you keep talking to yourself sometimes.”

“No. I only talk to the five night-shift workers when the noise outside
keeps me from sleeping. No extra voices in my head.” 

“There are only four workers at night.”

Well, I think I’m still learning things about this place.
