You think you’ll be young-ish forever until your body tells you to fuck
off. I had recently found a shiny bright bald spot, center-back on my
head, a bit smaller than a dime. It looked, she said, like the eye of a
tiny hurricane. I saw it as my vigor circling a naked drain. Holy fuck
did it hurt when I brushed my hair. 

Date night, small talk, small whining on my part. She said she’d love me
anyway, no matter what, hair, no hair. Easy to say. She performed an
autopsy on her served-whole branzino while I contemplated my tomahawk
steak. I looked into the vacant eye socket of the fish, thinking how I
preferred my meal to not look like what it once was. 

She had never been squeamish. She was fascinated by injuries & was the
household medic; she was brave in all things. I thought of the giant
splinter in my head I self-inflicted standing up at the wrong place in a
too-short basement last summer. She’d used the sanitizer goop we carried
for our yard-sale adventures on a pair of tweezers from her purse,
pointed for me to get on my knees. I watched her work through a dusty
mirror on a dresser ahead that happened to reflect into a dusty mirror
on the wall behind. Waiting, I priced the basement within my view.
Decades-old empty(?) vaseline jars weren’t worth packing and shipping
(they sold for around $6 online, not a good find, even in that
quantity), but the VHS erotica might be… the Trinitron was to the gaming
people, the VCR no way. Then, her ‘yes!’ and a beaming smile, showing me
how small the splinter was right before the guy running the estate sale
yelled to us that the sale was restricted to the main house. 

I glanced at the couple at the table behind us, a younger couple bored
with their meal but not each other. I wanted to warn them, I wondered
about the shelf-life of love. 

We sat in silence, she worked her fish. My steak looked wrong, like
things in 1950s movies look wrong, fake and perfect at once. I struggled
to eat it. She had no such qualms. The only time I’d ever even seen her
flinch is when Oscar found a hole in the cement wall of an abandoned
well in our back yard & discovered gravity; the muffled yelp, time
dilating while we shoved off the heavy cement cover, the realization
that we couldn’t retrieve the dog’s motionless corpse and the
well-floor-burial. The first load of dirt had hit Oscar’s flank, forcing
breath, blood and a faint wheeze from his body. It looked so much like
Oscar actually flinched from the hit that my wife let out the smallest
possible ‘oh’ while backing away with hand over her mouth.

I tried to save it. Minoxidil, finasteride served w/a side of Biotin, a
prescription courtesy of one of those websites for aging men who set you
up with a doctor you’ll never meet and prescribe based on your honesty.
My thoughts recently were foreign. I’d been wondering if I would
sacrifice myself for my wife, what the worst thing that I would be
capable of doing to another human being was, and wondering why I’d
wonder about that, but work was stressful and the balding compounded
that stress. I hadn’t been myself. I bought a few hats, some of them
novelty-type hats, like one that said ‘I’m with stupid’ with an arrow
pointing down, the rest from the Company Store so i could wear them at
work. 

Work:  In my industry, the type was smart enough late bloomers who
didn’t, who drifted into industrial management and stayed with it
because it was steady. Think a white-collar job washed with a pair of
jeans- some work, mostly computer time. Facilitating excellence through
upper management experiments like the ‘Field Amendment Process’ that was
to make everyone ‘better align with core values’. It took upper
management a while before they figured out why the awarded once, meant
to be quarterly FAP award was met with restrained laughter. One morning
was different funny. I did my ritual spot-check with the
mirror-and-phone in the early AM men’s room. It was guaranteed private
and wife-less. I’d been holding coins over the spot to judge growth, I
was ready to graduate from dime to nickel. But that day, I saw my
naked-skin bald spot replaced by a wet-looking black hole in my head. I
could see through that hole now. I was literally looking through the top
of my fucking head in the mirror at the top of my head, no phone needed.
I saw a sliver of skull on each side of the hole, like I’m splitting
along a lengthwise center seam. I noticed I’d now need a quarter. When I
locked my neck and looked ahead, I saw the stained suspending ceiling
and overhead light fixture; I’d never noticed its one corner was a
sunburst of dried cat-piss orange to cockroach-wing brown and cracked at
the place where a too-large bulb had been burning against it for years.
My two-eye-sight snapped back, I went home sick. 

More hats. 

My wife didn’t ask questions, just accepted I was going through
something and, I’m sure, figured it was something men go through. She
had her own medical distractions to tend to- ‘the mutiny of the body’ -I
thought the phrase tragic and repeated it to myself often even before I
knew what it meant. I had always been a ruminator and I was obsessed
with checking Spot. I remember reading of a scientist who’d allowed a
bot-fly to mature in his head, feeding it, waiting for it to emerge. I
wondered if people would pay to see Spot, like an OnlyFans for weird
shit. I started going to the gym like I had before we met. 

Spot grew. He wept. It was worse when the hats were fitted, a mesh back
became standard. His seam widened, and I recognized Spot as a full eye,
not a up-seeing-inkwell. I had only been seeing his pupil, now I saw
part of an orb too huge in apparent size to be that big and fit in my
head. A shimmering, wet-abalone translucent cornea, sometimes irritated
or puss-filled or bloodshot, somehow both dry-and-slimy but always with
infinite broken blood vessels. A pearlescent plasma ball with a million
tiny hands pressing against it from within. A bad joke of a superpower
and a non-mystical third eye. It became familiar if useless, and I
learned how to toggle my perspective and even got a type of panoramic
view if I could hold it.

I had to line my hats with Oscar’s-pee-pads to keep Spot’s weeping from
running down my head; I gained a new skill in absorbance-mitigation and
appreciation for a good pair of scissors. I quit my management job when
I couldn’t restrain the fluids; it seemed allergic to certain team
members. Tried a job restocking cold-goods. Spot’s runoff would freeze
in the sweatband or ice my head, and they were 10 hour days- I quit. My
new questions about how far I could go in violating another human being
drove workouts that built a body that got a lot of ‘what do you eat’
questions at the gym and a a no-references-needed job at a steel mill.
Perfect job, hard-hat required, everyone was sweaty and a lot of the
lighting had failed and not been replaced. Most people didn’t interact,
I doubt I’d have made friends if I wanted to. Their only mutual care was
about the day ending. Classic country played over satellite 24/7, louder
and more repetitive than the machines.

I took shifts no one wanted. If it was overnight, strenuous, if it
involved hammering, shoveling, or carrying, I volunteered. I became
stronger. Spot grew too, and had developed baby-doll cute eyelashes. The
hours were long and kept our schedules opposite. Our ‘together’ was
infrequent and often just small-talk between shifts. My wife didn’t ask
me to remove the hat(s) when we were fucking, which happened less and
less. What happened more and more were my wife’s trips to the doctors.
The first surgery didn’t go well, then a fall at home caused a tear that
could only be resolved with more surgery; at least we had crisis in
common. I said I was too new for time off. The sick days I did have I
used pretty quickly while she was gone. I had discovered Spot’s power;
Spot’s vision was precise and clear, mine had been shrinking for years,
readers over my Rx glasses had been common before Spot. Seeing clearly
again was revelatory. First use was hobbies I’d abandoned when the parts
got too small like fixing old stereos, then lots of movies. I saw better
than new. There were details I’d never seen in movies I’d seen my whole
life and parts I didn’t even remember. Watching TV with Spot became
routine. First movies from my youth, then it drifted into porn, and
eventually it wasn’t the porn that I liked- but ok. 

She was gone more than she was around. I didn’t feel it. 

At work, I was tolerated for competence and loathed for how often I’d
call out. But I was the default pinch-hitter. I could operate most
machines, I was ‘the guy’. One day I got to cover someone’s crane shift-
it moves heavy shit around, that’s all that matters (other than that I
was short of the 80 hours of required training by 80 hours). Business as
usual until my vision collapsed into a dull orange sun and I lost
control of the machine for one fucking second, during which I knocked
the sweeper into the forge at the perfect time for the press to come
down and both cut him in half and seal him shut. No blood, just a
bisected man melted together doing an involuntary jig before falling
over and popping open. Then blood. I thought of Oscar in the well. I
felt Spot’s eyelashes whipping in my hard-hat like this was funny. I
clenched so hard I cracked a tooth, staring in horror and envy at the
bursting half-man and any career I might have had left anywhere. Cops
came, the boss’ boss came, lots of huddling and side-eyes towards me. I
got fired when I couldn’t produce urine for the probable suspicion test,
they called it a ‘voluntary quit’. 

I realized that what I saw that day was the inside of my fucking hardhat
backlit by the flashing safety lockout beacons, a view courtesy of what
I hadn’t realized was new management on the top of my head.

I still had to pretend to go to work, not having a job became a job.
Slowly, our house, the outside corner of our bedroom, specifically, had
become a hookup spot for dogs and cats, wildlife, whatever, like the
house put them in heat, it was non-stop rutting. People would come
looking for their pets instead of posting signs. Sometimes they found
their pet, but it would keep coming back until it didn’t. My wife
freaked out a bit. She nervously took my hands and tried to start a
conversation about steroids. We laughed. She looked like she was going
to cry. The HOA demanded monthly power-washing. I learned that if one
person doesn’t clean up after their dog other owners see it as ‘when in
Rome’. It smelled of fluids of all creatures. The closer to the bedroom
I was, the more spot watered. I tried to just stay away but always felt
compelled to go to the bedroom, even if i didn’t remember wanting to
sleep. I didn’t dream anymore. 

Spot’s lashes had grown fine, soft and luxurious and, best of all,
longer. I could create the world’s most complex comb-over if Spot would
stay shut and dry; styling it meant playing with the lashes, which, it
turns out, hit Spot’s spot, dewy lids would get heavy and close (dew =
hair gel, why not), proper styling would net me a couple hours of
closure- a mutually beneficial, efficient win-win- as long as I didn’t
use hairspray, which caused hours of weeping convulsions. I pretty much
always had to use those two hours to clean up whatever happened during
movies or the poop outside. But I had hair… it looked like my hair,
even. I could blend it right in. The closed eye-seam could pass as a
hairline, probably, definitely could cover with a side-part. Maybe long
like when I was a kid if the lashes continued growing. Things might be
looking up. 

Spot was now roughly eight inches long (eye-corner to corner) running
from just behind my hairline in front to about the place where my wife
pulled the splinter in the back, the biggest that standard size hats
would still comfortably cover him, luckily.  When she was gone, I didn’t
need hats. Her surgery time was no-hat time, quality time, date night
with Spot. One night, I decided to give Spot mascara and eyeshadow- I’d
never done that before- but Spot’s eyelids were plump and glistening- I
thought about lip gloss. I showed Spot us in the mirror. I ran my
fingers around the slippery, wet eyelids. Spot’s eye rolled past its
lids, burying the pupil in the whatever was behind, and ruined his
makeup with a torrent of eyeliner and mucus, past my ears, dripping onto
the floor, then, lids quivering, refocused his pupil and gave me a
sloppy wink. I either shuddered or got butterflies. I found old makeup
magazines my wife had, different nights I tired different styles- the
‘smoky eye’ or garish 80’s hair-metal style, other tips and tricks from
those magazines proved useful. 

All our nights now ended with a particular type of film- Spot and I
always ended there no matter where I began, my choices weren’t up to
snuff. I could not remember the last thing I ate. 

One movie night I felt up Spot with my left hand. Gently at first, then
harder, until I felt its surface tension break, like it was liquid. I
was reaching into a heated pool, a blanket-warm wet void where my brain
should be. Spot’s eyelids closed softly on my hand, lashes holding at
the wrist, velvet handcuffs but I wasn’t trying to withdraw. I felt a
wet massage that reminded me of when my wife would suck my fingers-
until it turned into pain that resolved to shock then back to pain in
increasing frequency until I couldn’t enjoy the numbness of being in
shock, the pain seemed eternal, like someone resetting the GFCI of my
mind while the circuit kept blowing. I lost track of time. When Spot let
go and I retracted my hand, I had three less fingers, one less ring, and
neatly cauterized stubs with enough bone protruding as to appear like
three miniature, perfectly fake tomahawk steaks. I don’t remember
anything after, but in the ‘morning’, I found my hand restored, my
crushed tooth fixed, and burning pain on the left side where Spot had
sewn my ear to my head over the earpiece of my glasses with an eyelash
from within. I put on a hoodie. I left for the gym. Nothing was strange
anymore, I didn’t bother with wondering. 

A couple days later I threw up my ring and a glistening, baseball-sized
hairball.  

My wife’s surgeries had become multi-day affairs. She was vague about
what it was- woman stuff- but she’d never really talked, and we had
always valued each other’s independence. She’d found a new clinic, new
doctor. She put more into this decision than I had put in to my entire
life. She showed me his bio. I wanted to burn his hair off. She left for
a couple days and Spot and I watched TV while she was gone and I
continued the routine of going to the gyms when I was supposed to be at
work. The anger didn’t abate, and I ignored that it was becoming more
and more focused on my wife. Gone so long. Multi-day affairs. Dr. Hair.
The realization he saw more of my wife than I did. Wondering why she
never seemed to get better after all the doctor bills and trips. The
rage at wondering how she could miss what I was going through, the need
to reassert my position in the marriage. I would. She’d left me small
gifts around the house- things I’d find, eventually, but not
immediately. They used to cheer me up, the type of tiny rituals that
stitched us together, now they were interruptions and a reminder of
Dr. Hair. 

I had a small ‘fan club’ at one of the gyms- even though I hated people,
I guess I still needed contact. I didn’t talk much, I lifted a lot.
Bench 405. Ass-to-grass-squat five plates a side, no problem. Felt like
I’d be signing autographs soon. No, I don’t need a fucking spot.
Blooming late, finally, knew it. Learned why gods want worshippers. I
felt power, I felt rage. I felt a mother-fucking eyelash in through my
ear and then what I have come to know as the ‘reverse GFCI’,
disconnecting me from myself.

It is what it was like before you were born, except you remember. It is
knowing nothing- awareness that time is passing with no reference or
proof aside from a panicking, terrified, ever-increasing urge to hide,
not thoughts, thoughts require words, yours are gone, as is any other
understanding of this moment beyond a fear you couldn’t have
comprehended even before all this. You, pre-utero, mind wiped clean of
all but flight, trying to hide in an infinite room which seems empty but
isn’t. The other things in that room are why we are born screaming. Spot
passed me around.

When that was over, I saw myself in the gym mirror through the mesh back
of my trucker hat, my mouth screaming at the ground, the bar and plates
I’d been pressing bouncing towards someone ill equipped to receive and
horrified faces. My head was dangling from my shoulders like a rock in
the toe of sock, I was a screaming letter ‘X’. My fingers were broken
backwards at the precise angle to land 315 lbs. of shoulder press right
where they would snap my neck. I could tell I’d already been screaming
before he switched me back on and the pain faded in. I charged out of
the gym with my head flopping and slapping against my chest. 

My next memory is being at home, naked on all fours, my hands unbroken
and my neck vertebrae fused; my eyes looked at the ground through
glasses that could not fall off, how thoughtful, only through Spot could
I see ahead. Based on the bloody knee-prints it appeared I’d been
crawling around for a while. I noticed I was developing a tail. I
thought about the impossibility of seeing a doctor. I replaced any
despair with hate. I thought of Spot’s lashes running through Dr. Hair’s
pompadour, watching Spot’s filaments burning corn-rows across this head
while large patches of hair and skin fell to the floor, him a living,
begging phrenology bust. I thought about killing and scalping or
scalping and killing Dr. Hair, I’d investigate best order. I put on the
hoodie. I bagged tons of animal poop. The power wash people had given up
but the HOA had not. Someone came to the door, I answered without
opening, another person looking for a dog. I told them I hadn’t seen it.
I could feel spot getting excited.

This was the last time, she’d told me when she left the day before. A
week down south, minor surgery Monday, follow-up Wednesday, the big
surgery Friday. The schedule on the fridge, my once-favorite candy
inside along with a bottle of Coke she’d usually forbid me. A note that
said ‘it’s almost over’ with a smiley face and a heart, then her
initial. Spot and I watched movies. I didn’t go anywhere anymore.
Someone had put a board from the open-every-morning window to the ground
and the pets had largely stopped coming. One morning I heard bumping in
the closet and found the hindquarters of two cats sewn together having a
tug-of-war tear-apart. I bagged it and headed for the well. That was
apparently not the first time I thought of that method of disposal or
the first time Spot played with my food. 

We watched more movies, I would hear and feel the strands that hold my
eyes in place snap, twist and break as he ratcheted them into place for
us to see. It sounded like popcorn in a distant microwave and felt
orgasmic. He projected my dreams on the back of my skull. Later he made
cameos. He showed us what Dr. Hair was doing for my wife. He showed me
Dr. Hair’s fingers in my wife’s mouth and other places. I thought of
Spot making Dr. Hair into a body-part-buffet. Spot made documentaries. I
would watch. I could watch all day. We did. Spot would slip a wet lash
in my mouth and the movies became euphoric choose-your-own-adventures. I
would weave his lashes into braids, the braids became whips. Spot lashed
while we watched, I would pray and beg and bleed and his emissions would
burn me from within, stripping me to a heaving naked ribcage until I
couldn’t tell the difference between myself and agony. In the morning,
I’m back, restored and well. Our life became a movie. My wife should be
in movies. Spot snapped my neck back for non-weird driving, we decided
to go see a doctor. 

Once we got there, the questions that I had about how much violence a
person can perform against another had better focus after I put the
staff out of service from reception to the OR; there was no shortage of
sharp things available, and no difference between a sharp or dull object
when enough power is behind it. I ground an EKG patch directly into a
tech’s heart and watched the monitor trace die as he did, I played
doctor. When I placed myself between my wife and the shrinking Dr. Hair,
I surged, I swelled, I basked in it, I became enormous, a god. The
screaming, first him, then me, when I realized I was invisible and
impotent, transport, a ride to the meeting.

It was fucking upper management. 

Dr. Hair was seeing Spot unfurl as Spot rose from the void that my
splintering skull revealed. Just a giant, aurora-throwing pulsating
eyeball with a shimmering & now golden, extremely fine, impossibly long
and radiant undulating corona of lashes. I felt the reverse GFCI, I saw
the OR from inside Spot. I was viewing the room from every direction at
once, all of it, in every way it could be seen, and as preview- I knew
what will happen next while feeling what is happening now. I have seen
Spot as he rises from inside my head, rupturing the plates of my skull
outwards and forwards, my face the center of a human sunflower, the back
of my skull flopping down like a lobster bib while he threads my organs
and nerves. I have seen the two hemispheres of my brain heaving like
lungs while he rides my body through time like his fucking horse,
dragging my self behind. I have watched Spot hold my wife aloft by soft
lashes, rearranging and rebuilding, Ichneumon probing. I have witnessed
Dr. Hair enter the horizon of Spot’s pupil and felt the man reborn
through my rupturing throat. I have felt lifetimes of genetic ‘what if’
applied to all bodies, evolving on Spot’s wandering clock. I have seen
Spot’s many mansions. I have seen my wife’s lips move like waves on an
oscilloscope but there’s nothing to hear but Spot’s music. Spot is the
Sun of the Infinite Room. Waves of his force constantly changed me even
if his lashes did not. I understood the infinite room as a temple, us as
Spot’s eternal offering. Spot is everywhere, all the time, he is
infrastructure, He is upper management living its core values. 

Spot’s love is all around.

Then sometimes I am back here, now, reading you and typing to you. My
coffee is warm. My head is Spotless and my mind’s mine. It is a now
where I tried harder and Emma and I are happy. She remembers nothing. I
remember everything but I don’t try to make her remember. Em’s doing the
half-dance walk she does when the music’s on, the window is open to a
near-perfect autumn day. There are apple cider donuts in the kitchen and
Em’s nothing-to-worry-about lab results on the fridge, alongside a
calendar, clear of every appointment but date night. Em is asking if I’m
hungry because she wants donuts and I’ve been too long taking to you. I
hope this is the final date night; I hope it’s with her this time. I
won’t know until I try the door. 
