​

I started the voice recorder. I couldn’t go into the room personally,
due to potential violence. He started talking about what happened, and I
decided to leave for a bit. Around an hour later, I came back, and he
finished. I let him go. The following text is a transcript of the
recording.

​

Me and my colleague started performing the autopsy. We didn’t know how
he died, so we started looking into it. It looked like another case of
SADS. (Sudden adult death syndrome) But we knew SOMETHING had to be
happening.

​

There was no obvious evidence of how he died, so we decided to look in
his house, to see if we could find mold, or anything toxic. It could be
something that doesn’t show up on a toxin screen, and someone killed him
intentionally. After all, this was the 5th SADS case in around two
weeks, all within this general area. We rechecked his body to see if we
could find any punctures, but we found nothing.

​

We decided to enter his house. On the first day, we didn’t find
anything. Just a dusty old book and some kind of hornet’s nest. We kept
searching, and found something strange. A closet full of blindfolds, and
a smashed mirror.

​

We were weirded out at this point. We decided to look into his computer
and search history next.

​

“Why are my eyes turning yellow”

“Pinkeye symptoms”

​

“Diseases that turn people’s eyes yellow”

“What do dreams mean”

​

​

“Dementia symptoms”

It was clear that something had happened with his eyes, and they turned
yellow. Pinkeye was the closest I could think of, but it’s rare to die
from it. My colleague saw a decently new book. I read it.

​

“I think I might be having dementia. I sometimes go for long periods of
time just staring at a wall. I usually forget what I’ve been doing for a
couple hours. I decided to keep a journal and write down everything I’ve
done. How do I get dementia at 21? I wonder if this is linked to the
dream I’ve been having.”

​

We decided to look in his bedroom. We saw a dreamcatcher, as if he’s
been trying to block out the dream. We found nothing else, and decided
to look in the book again.

​

“I will also use this book to document every dream I’ve been having, to
make sure I’m actually having the exact same one each night.

​

9:00: I ate breakfast and called my friends. At 9:30, I finished my
breakfast and went to work.

​

3:00: I can’t remember anything that happened previously. Why didn’t I
write in the journal?

I’m going to go to sleep.”

​

“7:00: I woke up from a dream. The dream was of me waking up in my
office, and walking around. Then, a man with a fedora and suit appeared
at my desk. It looked at me, and its neck started cracking. It was like
some sort of demented giraffe. Its neck craned so it could look at me.
It smiled, and its hands started growing. It tried to grab me, but I ran
away. I appear in a hallway, and the door in front of me is locked. I
see it standing at the other end. I feel like its sucking my soul away,
while it looks at me with this cold, dead, smile.”

​

I was utterly terrified at this point. My colleague started
hyperventilating. I started looking around some more. We couldn’t find
anything else, so we took the journal and went back to the morgue. We
kept performing the autopsy, but this time we took what the journal said
into consideration. We called his parents and asked them if dementia ran
in the family. They said no. I jokingly said to my colleague “Has to be
a demon then, haha.” He looked at me, and I could tell he genuinely
thought that. He suddenly had to go. I decided to head home too, and go
to bed.

​

The next day, my colleague came to me, crying. He was wearing
sunglasses, but I could see how puffy his eyes were. He told me about
something that had happened last night. Just thinking about it just
makes me terrified.

He told me that he had a dream last night. It was about the man the book
described. It started with him appearing in our workplace, and walking
over to the dead body we were performing the autopsy on. The body slowly
started changing, until it was perfect. A normal person. However, it
didn’t look fully formed. It didn’t have eyes, or ears.

​

It stood up and started walking to my colleague. He tried to run, but he
was mesmerized. His hands started contorting, until they looked the same
as the bodies. Clawed, and completely burned. He woke up again in a dark
box, with laughing around him. He felt a needle poking him repeatedly.

​

He woke up in his driving car. He quickly snapped awake completely, and
drove to work. At this point, we definitely knew something was up. I
brought the book in, and started to read. Everything past this point was
gibberish, as if something was trying to mimic human language.

​

I kept reading, until the last page with writing on it appeared.

​

“ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS
NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME ITS NOT ME”

​

It was terrifying. It seemed like he was writing it while running. All
of a sudden, my coworker gripped his head. He sounded different. He told
me he had to go home. That’s when I had an idea.

​

I went to the body, and cut open its head. I grabbed its brain, to see
if anything weird was there. I found- oh god. It was horrifying. 7, huge
poke marks. Like a 7- pronged fork, but the prongs were in a circular
shape. I felt like throwing up, but I kept investigating. I grabbed some
tweezers, and poked a hole. A strange, purple fluid came out. Just
smelling it made me woozy. I guessed it was some kind of thing to slow
people down, since I got woozy just smelling it.

​

I decided to head to my coworkers house, and tell him about it. I walked
in, and immediately almost passed out. I wore a face mask, but that
didn’t work. I put 3 on, and it worked perfectly. I walked into his
room, and saw him. He was lying on the floor, dead. His eyes were open,
and I looked into them. Yellow. Just like the last person.

I called 911, and when they arrived, he was immediately pronounced dead.
His body was already decomposing, and there was a weird bee hive in his
living room. They sprayed it with pesticides, and the whole hive fell to
the floor. A weird, spider thing fell out. Someone with a lab coat took
it. The same lab coat that YOU guys wear, might I add.

​

WHY are you making me do this? You have the purple stuff, and the
creature, Why do I have to bring up my friends death?

​

(The person was silent for around 5 minutes, with only occasional sobs
heard. He resumed after precisely 5 minutes and 7 seconds.)

​

Anyway, back to what happened. I immediately opened the poor guy’s head
when they sent him to me to do an autopsy. The same 7 puncture marks. I
decided to look into the mirror. My eyes were normal, luckily. It’s been
around a week, and I think I’m good. That’s all I can remember. Now
please let me out?

​

(End tape.)

Thanks to this voice recording, along with many others, we were able to
get relatively good info on the thing.

​

Subject A, aka the Dream Man, is a spider-like parasite that attaches
onto a host’s brain, attempting to completely control them. However,
this usually fails, resulting in the host’s death. However, thanks to it
maturing in the brain, it can survive in the outside world. It is
affected by standard pesticides, leading it to be rather simple to
control its population.

​

Lifecycle: Subject A starts as a tiny larva, born in a hive made by an
adult. Eventually, due to it being very small, around the size of a tiny
gnat, it can be easily breathed in by a human. Sometimes, the hive
releases blasts of purple smoke containing a substance that dazes the
host, and stops pain. It also contains larvae. If the smoke is breathed
in, you must immediately expose your brain to radiation in 24 hours. Any
kind will do, but before long, the larva will be able to use your brain
as a host, no matter what, it will always get through, even if it has to
bite. Killing it would mean killing your brain.

​

Eventually, the symptoms begin. The larvae grows needle like appendages,
which get longer as it grows. They inject into the brain, releasing a
similar substance to the purple smoke. This substance stops you from
feeling much pain while the needles also absorb vital nutrients. This
leads to a yellow tinge of the eyes. Eventually, the larvae grows into a
spider like creature. The creature begins adding something else into the
substance. It is unknown why, but this substance makes it seem like some
demonic entity is hunting you. It appears in your dreams, and it slowly
seems to be possessing you. It is unknown if this is just to hide
itself, and make itself look like a paranormal entity, or if it is
unintentional.

​

After the spider like creature gains enough nutrients, it attempts
complete control of the host. It tries numerous times, but the host
usually regains consciousness afterwards. Mostly, this happens while the
host is dreaming of the demonic entity. If the host is unconscious for
around 12 hours, the parasite attempts to kill the host’s brain. This,
kills the host. Due to the host not producing enough nutrients, the
parasite leaves through any orifice, usually the mouth or ear canal, and
starts building a hive out of purple substance, which turns yellow in
time.

​

If anyone here tries to enter a victims house, they must cover their
face as much as possible. They don’t want to die slowly and painfully,
right? Also, my coworkers may create more logs. Long story.

Alright. Tape recorders off. Subject A recorded, send it to the boss…
dang it. Forgot to turn it off. Eh, whatever. Going to make a
transcript, either way. I can always delete this.

-Liam
