Hey ya’ll, so last Friday my two buddies and I did a backpacking trip
from the base of Mt. Cammerer to the top via the Mt Cammerer Loop Trail
in the Great Smoky Mountains. The trail itself is about 16 miles and
since we all had to work a half day on Friday we got a late start and
didn’t hit the trail until 5pm. This resulted in deciding to do the
trail backwards and stay at Campsite 35, ~4 miles in.

We soon realized that almost no one does the trail in this direction,
others tend to hike the correct direction (The one AllTrails takes you
in) and stay at a shelter ~7 miles in. That just wasn’t a possibility
for us unless we wanted to hike in the dark and set up in the dark
(sunset is 7:30ish). So, we opted for a light 4 mile first day followed
by a 12 mile day on Saturday.

On the way to our campsite, we did not see a single backpacker and by
the time we reached our spot, we were very remote. The site was a very
nice clearing surrounded by hills on every side. These are group
campsites with a capacity of 8 but no one else was there. This
particular site is notorious for bear activity so the park installed
bear cables, which we quickly realized were completely destroyed.
Thankfully, we brought our own rope to tie up the bear bag and did so on
the hill behind us.

Everything was going great and we were chilling by the fire bullshittin
for hours. We even found a pack of 6 sealed single shots of fireball
that a previous camper had left behind (and gladly drank them). When it
was getting close to 11pm the fire was dying down and we decided it was
time to head to the tents and call it a night.

It was close to midnight when I was finally starting to fall asleep.
Then, deep in the woods ahead of us, I heard the distinct sound of a
hatchet striking wood and wood tumbling to the ground. It shot me awake
and I was trying to make sense of the sound and questioning if that was
what I actually heard. Then a few minutes later I heard the hatchet
strike again and wood fall to the ground. The Eerie part was that this
is the only campsite on this side of the Smokies (with the other closest
site being at least a 10 mile hike away) and you are not allowed to camp
outside of the designated camping areas. You even have to register with
the park before you can stay at any backcountry site here.

I got up to go pee and looked around to see if I saw a fire or
flashlights anywhere in the woods around us and sure enough, nothing.

I crawled back into my tent and tried to forget about it.. then at 1am,
when I finally started to fall asleep again, me and both my buddies were
awoken by a large boom that echoed off all of the hills around us. It
was oddly gunshot like, but I knew it was not. That’s just the best way
to describe it. We were all like “what the fuck was that?” But after 30
mins of us all listening and occasionally talking amongst ourselves my
friends fell asleep in their tents and I couldn’t get back to sleep.

Sometime between 2-3am I heard the hatchet strike wood again, this time
it was so much closer than the first two times. This time it sounded
like it was down in the valley with us. I sat up and looked out of my
tent, my eyes had adjusted to the dark pretty well by now, and I didn’t
see anyone. I also, saw my other buddy was awake and doing the same
thing. We were low key tweakin’ now. Someone is out in the woods with a
hatchet and there is no denying it.. I got my bear mace ready and just
sat and listened about 30 mins later we heard the hatchet strike
something again but this time it was further away but in the opposite
direction of where it started. I did not get any sleep again until about
5am and we woke up at 6am to get our day started. We woke up and went to
get the bear bag so we could cook breakfast. It was still dark out so we
were using flashlights to find our bag. We didn’t see it in the trees
anywhere and started to think we were in the wrong spot. Then we
realized the bag was lying on the ground, and the rope we had used to
hang it was clearly cut and had fray marks….. like a hatchet had sliced
it. All of our food was there, someone just came through and chopped our
bear bag down. We gathered that was the boom we heard around 1am.

This whole experience has seriously spooked me and I will never stay at
that particular campsite again. I don’t know if this person was
dangerous, but they clearly wanted to fuck with us.

It’s either a local who’s out there terrorizing campers, a weirdo that
wondered down from the AT (Appalachian Trail), or something else all
together.
