“I wonder what people with normal friends are doing tonight,” Elijah
Carter said, gracing me with a sidelong glance.

We were sitting on the edge of the cliff, just him, Nettie Peterson,
Frankie and me. The ladies from the diner had already left, wanting to
avoid the hassle. Mary Markov had promised to be there with her staff in
half an hour. She was preparing for something big. We all were, in a
way. The area around the cave had fallen silent, and it was that silence
that had been unnerving us for the last couple minutes. Most of us, at
any rate. Eli was twitchy—the tension in the muscles of his arms and
shoulders gave him away. They coiled and uncoiled, tensed and relaxed in
barely noticeable but hectic intervals. His long legs were dangling over
the rim of the precipice, crossed at the ankles. He was staring down
moodily, but with a hint of his usual weary, sarcastic smile. I took
that as a good sign.

My savior human had tried and failed to stay seated. She was pacing to
and fro behind us, wringing her hands and occasionally muttering to
herself. “I wish you didn’t sit so close to the edge,” she told me for
the third time that night.

“I’m close to the edge, too,” Elijah remarked, giving her an odd look.

“Well, are you gonna listen to me and scoot back?”

“No.”

“There you go, then. Big idiot.” She waved him off. “And you,” she
addressed Frankie, “I don’t know you so I’d be a phony if I made a fuss,
but you’re just as bad. No. Worse. You’re worse.”

“I don’t know what you mean,” Fran replied sweetly, shifting a little so
his feet stuck out over the cliff. His head was in the mold between my
crossed legs, and one of his hands was gripping my knee, passively
preventing me from moving. I shot him a quick glance. Don’t start.

“You’re so… nonchalant,” Nettie grunted. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t
you? This is like a show to you.”

“A bit,” he admitted, not sounding very bothered by the fact.

“How?” my savior human asked, her tone flat and stony.

Frankie lifted his head just enough to meet her gaze. “I won’t start
another fight. I like this thingy here—” he pointed at me, “so Imma be a
good boy and show some restraint. But, and I wanna say this as politely
as I can, you are way too scared.”

“Way too scared? That’s my woman in there!”

“Not just now. Always. I’ve served you espresso for over a year, I’ve
heard you moan about all sorts of things. You’re never not worried about
something.”

“Wait, you listen in on your customers?” Nettie sounded affronted.

“You’re with the most intriguing creature I know. That makes you
interesting by proxy. But don’t worry, normally I tune it out.” He
shrugged.

“Oh. My. I am so flattered,” my best friend said dryly.

“Yeah, yeah, I know I’m a creep. But I don’t have the need to
obsessively mother everyone around me. What are you afraid of, exactly?
You think if you leave your friends out of your sight for longer than
two seconds, they’ll get rolled over by a bus or something?”

“Frank,” I growled. He hadn’t posed the question in a malicious way, but
he’d got closer to home than he’d likely bargained for. Nettie however
didn’t erupt like I’d expected. She dropped the hand that had previously
dug into her hip and brought it up to pinch the bridge of her nose
instead.

“Maybe,” she said at length, slowly walking over to sit with us. She
hesitantly scooted closer to the edge and stretched her legs so they
were dangling down the overhang. With an unreadable expression in her
deep, soulful eyes, she stared at the night sky. Silhouetted against the
round moon, her gentle profile looked indescribably beautiful. For a
long while, all four of us remained silent.

“Is there something wrong with wanting to take care of people?” my
savior human spoke up again. “To protect them?”

“If it eats you up inside, then yes,” I replied without thinking. “If
you’re neglecting yourself.”

“If you treat them like kids and expect them not to question you,”
Elijah Carter added.

“Do I…?” Nettie’s voice was soft and low. Not puzzled or undecided. She
knew the answer.

I freed one of my hands from under Frankie and reached out to her. She
placed hers in mine almost instinctively. “I love you,” I said. “I would
be on my own if it weren’t for you. I was before. Where I’m from,
everyone was distant. You’re everything my home was not, in a good way.
I miss home, but you make it so it doesn’t hurt as much. You make me
glad I’m here.”

She pulled our joint hands up, pressing my knuckles to her cheek. Hot
tears landed on my skin. “It’s been so hard,” she breathed. “It’s scary,
I-I’m scared—I try not to be, but I am, and I always was. Even before
you came. This is just who I am. I need this. If I don’t make sure
they’re safe, who will? Anything could happen, you know.” She paused.
“Lord, now I’m rambling.”

For a beat, we stayed silent. The boys didn’t dare to say a single word.
Frankie was stock-still in my lap. “They’d be proud of you,” I finally
told her. “I’m not sure I’m getting the breeder-larvae-dynamics of this
world right, so pardon me if I don’t, but I do think your parents would
be immensely proud. If pride is the sentiment I’m looking for.”

“I think so,” Nettie whispered as she placed my hand back in my lap.
“Thank you, Evangeline.”

“You don’t have to thank me, ever.”

She sniffed, and Frankie wordlessly passed her a little pack of
handkerchiefs. She dried her cheeks, then turned and asked me to check
if her makeup was still on right. I said yes, to which she said she was
glad she’d picked a mascara that didn’t run, to which Elijah commented
on the degree of femininity of the conversation, to which we told him to
shut up. Just then, we heard a sigh coming from behind us. “Look at
that, we got the entire Scooby gang.” We turned to see that Mary Markov
had come up behind us. In the distance, several cars were pulling up to
the cliffside, agents hopping out and trickling down to the shore to
secure the site of the cave-in.

Mary Markov smiled thinly. “I shall never know peace. Or sleep,
apparently. But I did promise I’d do what I can so we broadcasted a
storm warning to make everyone stay inside. You should be glad the
locals are used to this.”

“We’re very grateful for your assistance,” my savior human said gamely,
rising to offer a handshake. The newsreader’s face softened as she
accepted, her grin becoming a bit more genuine.

“We’re about to witness a battle between deities, so this should be
mildly interesting at least,” she conceded, straightening her pencil
skirt and gracefully lowering herself to the ground beside us. “Some
rules. No matter what we’re about to see, we’ll keep to the sidelines.
There’s no use in getting involved. For us, the forces at work here are
unstoppable. So do not do anything stupid…er.”

We all told her we understood. And thus, we waited. Nettie and Mary
began chatting and Frankie switched positions with me so I could lie
back and nap a little. After half an hour of sitting on the overhang,
Elijah said something about how burgers would be “pretty great right
now” so he and I got up to go grab some from an out of town joint for
the lot of us. Except the waiter, who apparently doesn’t actually eat. I
shelved that as one of the many things I wanted to ask him about at a
more suitable point in time.

The streets were completely empty, so Elijah saw no problem in speeding.
He seemed to rather enjoy racing his Chevy through the maze that was the
town at night time, and I had to admit it was fun. We sped back, as
well, hurrying to return to the others. The hour that followed was more
pleasurable, the food helped take off some of our edge. My savior human
even refrained from commenting on the nutritiousness of our late dinner.
For a while, it was like there was nothing brewing on the horizon; like
we were just out there stargazing. And then, after two whole hours, a
roar as could only be produced by tons and tons of shifting water tore
through the silence.

The five of us froze up in an instant. Elijah Carter’s broad shoulders
tensed as he leaned forward a little more. Nettie Peterson grabbed my
lower arm with both hands as Mary Markov sucked in a sharp breath. Fran,
whose spread legs I was sitting between, popped the bubble of his gum
dangerously close to my ear. Mary hastily made a call to ensure every
last one of her staff members had withdrawn from the beach and retreated
to some point of elevation.

Shadowed against the bright full moon hanging low in the sky, far, far
off in the distance, a wave began to build. A wall of water rose into
the night sky, higher and higher as though it was aiming to meet with
the stars themselves. Its sheer size was mind-boggling. Mary Markov
jumped to her feet. “We need to get away from here! This thing is bound
to roll back to sho…”

“Shore”, she’d probably been meaning to say, but her voice broke and
trailed off when we saw the wave collapse, the water falling back down
and revealing the form that had risen behind it. The gigantic woman that
emerged from the depths was visible even in the nightly darkness. Out in
the open, free from the confinement of the cave, I registered her
actual, true size. She was even larger than I’d thought. As she threw
back her head and stretched her arms, it looked like she could have
knocked the moon out of the sky. By some miracle, none of the masses of
water she’d shifted arrived at our beach, the tide licking at the sandy
plain with only a little more rage than usual.

“Holy shit,” Eli breathed, his eyes transfixed on the scene unfolding
before us.

Fran snaked an arm around my waist from behind. “Easy,” he murmured into
my ear, and it was only then that I realized that my body had
practically turned to stone; every single one of my muscles having
coiled up in horrified expectancy. However, when the ocean surface broke
once again to make way for another creature to stand upright, even the
waiter lost some of his composure. The newcomer straightened up to come
face to face with the giant woman. He was just as enormous as her, but
much, much less humanoid in shape. His back was arched, countless long,
thin spikes jutting out from his bent, gnarled spine. Despite the
distance between him and us, we could tell we were looking at something
ancient. I don’t know how to properly describe it—somehow, an air of
eternity seemed to radiate off of him. His long arms hung from sharp,
bony shoulders, limp like yoke and unnaturally thin.

“Oh my God.” Nettie Peterson’s voice came from right beside me,
breathless and empty like the shock had knocked any other emotion out of
her.

“That is…” Mary began, only to falter and fumble for words. “I’ve never
seen…”

Kit’s mother reached out to him with both hands, her movements not
slowed one bit by the masses of water around her as she lunged at the
ancient one. She threw him over, and the two of them disappeared in an
explosion of splashes and flying droplets. The impact sent massive waves
whipping up and rolling towards the shore, but incredibly, they broke
just before they could come crashing down upon us.

“That’s Kit!” Nettie suddenly cried out, her fingers clamping down
tighter on my arm. “She’s keeping the flood away!” Fear, pride and
unabashed joy created a strange blend of inflections in her tone. “She’s
okay,” she added in a husky whisper, gazing at the furiously tossing sea
with milky eyes. I wordlessly reached over to rub her back. She was
sitting ramrod straight, her entire body frozen and rock solid.

The waves cracked down like whips as the two giants reemerged. Kit’s
father had grabbed her mother by the neck, forcing her to back off. The
two of them plowed a valley through the water as they moved, their huge
bodies pushing away the masses on either side. My heart was pounding
wildly, ice-cold dread knotting my stomach. No, no, no… She could not be
losing. She simply couldn’t.

“What do you think is gonna happen if he beats her?” Elijah Carter
thought aloud. His voice was strained as taut wire.

It was then that I first considered the possibility of Kit’s father
taking revenge on the town. Fuck. I tried to chase the image of my first
home being swallowed from my mind. “She needs to win this,” I breathed.
“There’s no other way, she literally has to.”

As if she’d heard me, Kit’s mother suddenly grabbed her former mate’s
arms and tore them off her throat, only to then swing at him, causing
him to stagger back. My chest felt close to bursting with relief when I
saw him double over. The giantess didn’t waste any time, lunging at him
once more. She dug her hands into the skin of his midriff, pulling it
apart in a crude tearing motion. A deafening howl of pain rode the waves
to the shore this time, mingling with the rushing of water. One of my
friends gagged audibly, but I was unable to take my eyes off the
struggling pair.

The old giant’s stomach burst, chunks of goo and thick fluids spewing
out into all directions. He fell, closely followed by Kit’s mother. She
didn’t let go of him, never once relinquishing her grip. Mercilessly
tugging on his back spikes, his arms and the flaps of flayed flesh, she
dragged him under. Both of them were swallowed by the sea, the waves
coming up to envelop them with a loud clap.

All was silent for several seconds.

Neither my friends nor I said a single word. I’m almost certain none of
us did so much as breathe. Then, from before us, a murmur seemed to
arise from the ocean, whispers like hissing undercurrents or babbling
streams reaching our ears. And from the quieting tide that was calmly
playing at the stretch of dry land below us emerged another figure. A
human-appropriate size, leanly muscled, distinctly familiar.

Nettie Peterson let out a yelp as she sprang to her feet.

The woman drew closer, effortlessly stepping over the rocks and rubble
in her path and striding up the hill before she finally came to stand
before us. Her long blue hair was soaked, the smell of salt clinging to
her even as the barnacles, seashells and starfish fell off her skin.

“Ayo, Tom’s Diner,” she said, her voice heavy with an unfamiliar
gravity. Frankie Preston perked up. “You got a knife on you, you little
creep?”

“You know I do,” he replied gamely, reaching into his pocket to pull out
a switchblade and tossing it to her.

She snatched it out of the air, then bunched up her waterfall of hair,
wrapping it around her wrist as close to her head as she could before
severing it in quick, successive cuts. As it fell, it liquefied and hit
the ground with a splash. Rearing her head, a familiar smile unfurled on
her face—part triumphant, part cocky and part moronic.

Mostly moronic.

X

1

2: deadbeat roommate

3: creepy crush

4: relocation

5: beach concert

6: First date

7: Temp work

8: roommate talk

9: a dismal worldview

10: warehouse

11: staircase

12: explanation

13: hurt

14: hospital

15: ocean

16: diner

17: government work

18: something in the caves

19: shopping cart

20: olms and Jewels

21: long hair

22: recruitment

23: waitresses

24: dollhouse

25: burning plastic

26: fog dimension

27: sea goddess

29: Heads up
