After Elijah Carter and I returned from our trip to the catacombs, we
went our separate ways for the day. We made our report to Mary Markov,
of course, but we both just wanted to rest up. I felt like I had come
dangerously close to losing my mind down in that shaft. The newsreader
wasn’t done with me, though. She offered to drive me home in Eli’s
stead, saying that she had something to discuss with me. I agreed and
got into her truck. She told me that she was planning on sending some of
her staff further into the tunnels to explore, now that we had ensured
there was probably little to no immediate danger in doing so.

She expressed her gratitude for our cooperation, to which I informed her
I’d prefer it if she expressed it in money. We drove by a bank where she
transferred a significant sum to my account as well as Elijah’s. That
lifted my mood in the best way, and I felt far more relaxed as we
continued on our drive. Mary’s demeanor however had changed. “Take a
look into the glove compartment, please.”

I complied, opening it to find a small cardboard box sitting inside. I
carefully wrapped my fingers around it and took it out, inspecting it
warily.

“Think of it as a gift.”

Whatever it was, it was quite heavy. I began to open it, only for the
newsreader to stop me with a raise of her hand. “Wait with that until
you’re home, please.”

“Well, what is it?” I raised a skeptical brow.

“It’s… an item I would like for you to look at. See what you can make of
it, okay?”

“I don’t get it. Is it dangerous?”

“Probably not. Nothing you can’t handle, I’m sure.”

“So me exploring a murder cult’s lair wasn’t enough for one day?” I
asked.

Mary Markov sighed. “Look, this is important for you, too. I have a
suspicion… relating to Frank Preston and the item in that box. I believe
you’ll be able to draw conclusions from this object that we can’t. If
so, please let me know.”

I reminded her of the more pressing issues we were facing at the
moment—the Collective, the impending apocalypse, etcetera. She, however,
insisted that if she was correct in her assumption (which she still
wouldn’t disclose), it could work to our advantage. I finally conceded,
taking the little box home with me. I didn’t immediately unwrap it,
though, instead leaving it on my nightstand and collapsing on the bed,
deeply in need of some rest.

I had the strangest dream. It was about Frankie, and mind you, this
isn’t the first time that’s happened. This one was weird, though. I
couldn’t remember any of the details upon waking, but there were some
images that lingered. Naked people in caves, someone whittling, with the
waiter appearing in the mix at random over and over again. I woke up
prematurely, startled and in a cold sweat. I didn’t go back to sleep
immediately, opting instead to grab a glass of milk and open Mary
Markov’s box. I just wanted to take my mind off of things.

I started tearing away at the cardboard. After a bit of a struggle, I
had bared the object hidden within. It was without a doubt one of the
stranger things I’d ever seen. A figurine, about the same size as my
hand, carved from stone or something similarly weighty and rough. It had
to have been painted at one point, tiny flecks of white and gold
interrupting the natural sandy color. The rest must have peeled away
over time—it looked insanely old. Practically ancient, like something
from a museum.

It was hard to tell what it depicted. It seemed to be some kind of
half-animal half-man thing with what looked like a bull’s head. Its
lower half was covered in a long, wrap-skirt kind of thing and there was
a set of folded wings on its back. It stood on a tiny pedestal with even
tinier writing on the front. I had never seen letters like these before.
They didn’t remotely resemble any language I knew. I couldn’t stop
running my fingers over the inscription, the rough texture oddly
pleasant to the touch. I prodded the little horns atop its head and
stroked its slender shoulders. It was weirdly fascinating. Eventually, I
set it down and rested my head back on the pillow, slowly drifting off
once more.

When I woke up the next morning, the sun had already risen outside. I
yawned, comfortably twisting and turning beneath my blanket only to
squeak when I felt something hard and pointy. It didn’t take me long to
find the source. The figurine was in my sweater, scraping against the
skin of my stomach. I shot up, grabbed it and threw it across the room
with all my might. My chest was heaving, and I stared at it with wide
eyes. It had fallen into the heap of dirty clothing I keep in the right
corner (because it’s the right one to keep laundry). For some reason, I
wondered if I’d hurt it. What was wrong with me? I must have grabbed it
and pulled it close in my sleep. Still rather unnerved, I rose to my
feet, trying to look straight ahead as I walked out the door.

Sitting down in my living room, I turned on my phone. I’d been planning
on calling Mary Markov right away, but I found that I had three missed
calls and twenty-seven texts from Frankie Preston. Normally, I only wake
up to around twelve to fifteen messages from him, so I knew something
was wrong. Weirdly enough, they were all asking whether he could come
over, as in, very urgently. I shot him a quick response telling him
sure, and barely half an hour later, he was at my doorstep.

“Hi, you look amazing and we can do something together later if you
want.” He exhaled the words as one, bouncing on the balls of his feet.

“Is everything alright?” I inquired, taking a step back.

“That’s kinda what I came to ask you. I can feel something, it’s like
an… an instinct. I need it, and it’s close.”

“What do you mean?”

He hummed, stepping around me and into my bedroom. “Oh Sunshine, my
Sunshine. I’m going to have to clean up in here.” Throwing me a sheepish
glance over his shoulder, he added, “If that’s okay.”

“Frankie, what are you doing?”

“Where is it?” He grabbed a corner of my blanket and tossed it to the
side. “I can feel it’s close.”

“What do you mean?”

His head swiveled around and his gaze landed on the figurine. His eyes
lit up. He lunged for it, throwing himself at the heap of laundry and
wrapping his hands around it the way a drowning man would grasp at a
lifebuoy. His fingers clamped around the stone, stroking the tiny
statue. He raised it into the light, the widest, brightest grin on his
face. “Where in the world did you get this?” he breathed.

“Mary Markov gave it to me. It’s not mine. You should stay away from
it.”

“I can’t. I won’t.”

“Frank, you’re—being very strange.”

“Am I scaring you? I’m sorry. I don’t want that.” He straightened up,
rearranging his attractive features into a pleasant smile. “We’re good,
right?”

“Give that back,” I told him, extending my hand.

“Sunshine, this is mine. I don’t want to be rude, but I do need this.”

“How can it be yours?”

“I don’t know. But it is. I forgot it was mine, but I got this feeling
last night that you had it, and I need, need, need it. I’m so glad.” His
eyes turned soft. “Answer to all my questions,” he muttered, reaching
out as if to hug me, but I pulled away.

This simply wasn’t normal. The thought of refusing him was highly
disagreeable, especially due to how adorable he looked, but I couldn’t
ignore the unease he was giving me. “Frank, what’s going on? What is
this thing?”

He looked down at the figurine like he wasn’t sure either. “Someone made
this for me a very long time ago. Before I was me. For so long now, I’ve
been feeling like I was forgetting something. And now it’s not as far
away anymore. I feel like it’s this memory just… bubbling up. It’s
close.” He shook his head in disbelief. “I’m so happy.”

The feeling of wrongness was practically overwhelming me. I held out my
hand once more. “Frank. Please.”

“No! Eva, don’t turn this into a fight, I’m begging you! I swear, this
does belong to me. See the writing?” He held up the pedestal. “It has my
name on it.” As soon as those words had left his lips, he faltered, his
expression wavering. “That’s my name on there,” he repeated quietly.

Cold dread seeped into my bones, my stomach turning as the hair on the
back of my neck stood up. I had no idea what was happening anymore, all
I knew was that things were spinning out of control and I didn’t want to
see where they were going. “What is your name, then?” I whispered
through the lump in my throat.

“It’s been so long…”

All the warmth had disappeared from the room. I only realized this
because of the gooseflesh forming on my skin, feeling the sudden sting
of the cold. I whipped my head up when the ceiling light flickered to
life above me. My jaw dropped as I watched it grow brighter and
brighter, shining stronger than what should have been possible before
burning out with an angry buzz. “Frank, what’s going on?” I shouted,
trying to slow my quickening, shallow breaths.

“Don’t worry, everything’s fine!” His smirk had grown so wide it didn’t
look real anymore. The waiter looked completely unhinged. I couldn’t
help but wonder what Nettie and Kit would say, seeing him like this when
his normal looks had been enough to unnerve them. I jumped when I felt
the floor beneath my feet starting to vibrate and wobble. I glanced
around frantically and my stomach dropped. My room was warping before my
own eyes, like a screen being tugged on while a movie was projected onto
it. I couldn’t tell if it was merely my perception being influenced or
if the space was truly moving. It was as if the walls were
breathing—they constricted, then bulged outward in quick succession.

“Stop!” I bellowed. Purely on instinct, my tentacles had unfurled from
behind my back, and I frantically pulled on my top to make room for
them. Clammy sweat laced my palms as I tossed the sweater aside. I
didn’t want to do this. Not to him. There was no other way, though.
Whatever was going on, I couldn’t take it anymore. “Frankie…” I pleaded
with him one last time.

Fran finally lifted his head to look up at me. The grin disappeared from
his face and his eyes grew wide. Within an instant, the walls stopped
pulsing, and some of the warmth seemed to trickle back into our
surroundings. “Oh God,” he muttered. “Sunshine, I’m so sorry…”

I didn’t move a single inch. My gaze remained fixed on him and I
flinched when he lifted his arm, his hand clutching the figurine. I
looked on in shock as his fingers clamped around it tighter and tighter
until cracks began to form in the stone. Then, with one powerful
squeeze, he crushed it. The remains crumbled to the floor as a tiny
cloud of dust lingered around his fist. He wheedled it away. “Look,
look, it’s all gone.”

I couldn’t produce a single sound.

“Evangeline Shirley,” he said, looking me over as though he was seeing
me for the first time.

“What just happened?” I choked out.

“I remembered myself. I didn’t mean to scare you. I wouldn’t hurt you;
I’d rather eat shit than hurt you, okay? I know I got a bit intense
there; I totally lost control.”

“Would you please just explain?” I reached up to massage my temples,
sinking down on my bed. “You said something about your name being on
there. Does it really say Frank?”

“No, of course not,” he answered, chuckling indulgently. “It was another
name. The one I used to go by. I’m being cagey again, aren’t I?”

“Very.”

“Okay, well, I literally just remembered who I used to be. But I’d
prefer if you still called me Frankie.” He moved over to sit down beside
me, and after I gave him a small nod, he wrapped his arm around me. One
of my tentacles came up to rest on the back of his neck. “That annoying
news-woman was right about me. I can do some stuff that’s… irregular.”

“Besides walking and talking?”

He huffed and pinched my earlobe. “Rude. But yeah. Hell, I’m confused,
too. Not as much as I used to be, but I got no idea how to tell you
this.”

“Your old name. What was it?”

“Qirin,” he said, after a short period of silence. “I was Qirin, the
wrath of life sent unto the world unbidden.”

“That’s a pretty long name.”

“Which is why I’d rather you kept calling me Frank.”

“So what are you? An angel or something?” I’m not big on the biblical
stuff, not on any human religion, but it was the first thing that had
popped into my head. Divine.

“Pretty much the opposite,” he answered with a wry, shaky smirk.

“You’ll have to be more precise.”

“Does it really matter what I am exactly?” he asked, nervously fingering
his bubble gum. “I mean, you said you’d like me even if I was a squonk!
So what if I’m not a squonk but an ancient evil spirit worshiped by
people who made human sacrifices to please me… That doesn’t change
anything between us, right?” He closely inspected my expression.
“Christ, you’re scary. I would actually prefer being a squonk right
now.”

I grunted.

“Do you want me to leave?” he inquired.

I reached for his hand. “No. So, these human sacrifices…”

“Oh, Sunshine, that’s so four hundred BC… The times of the Ancient Ones
are over. Everyone who used to pray for me has turned to dust centuries
ago. I mean, I was weak enough to be summoned into this plastic vessel.”
He gestured at his body. “I’d been asleep for so long; my mind got all
screwy when I took over the doll. I guess I was simply overwhelmed. I
was able to bring the other puppets to life, so I suppose I haven’t lost
any of my abilities. I only forgot that I had them.” He turned to me, an
excited smile flickering across his features. “I used to do that with
these huge stone idols. I wish I’d had the chance to show you.”

“That does sound impressive. I’d still like to circle back to the human
sacrifices…”

“It was more like something my cult did, back when I had one. But it
isn’t going to happen again. I can’t physically hurt anybody. Philomena
fucking Wallis, remember? So I made your lamp flicker, but for all I
know, that’s it. I have no idea if I can do anything else, and I’m
definitely not gonna murder anyone.”

“Don’t you want a new cult?”

“No. Look, I know I complain a lot but I actually… oh, I can’t believe
I’m saying this… I like living the way I do. Cults are a ton of work.
And once the humans were done with the sermons, they’d have orgies.
Every damn time. Super uncomfortable to watch.”

I told him I understood, but that this was a lot to take in nonetheless.
He promised to tell me everything about his former life, but suggested
we first talk to Mary Markov to clear up some things. Thus, we got into
his car. I grabbed a bottle of coconut water from the glove
compartment—I’m rather glad he’s taken to bringing them with him
whenever he comes around. That helped soothe my nerves. I leaned back in
my seat, relaxing as I glanced over at Frankie. I couldn’t help it; I
kept imagining his Ancient form. “So how big were you? Did you really
have a bull’s head?”

“Oh, I was big. About twice or thrice the size of a human. And yes, I
did; a white one.”

“And you had wings, too?”

“M-hm.”

“What color were those?”

“I don’t quite recall. Probably golden, or yellow maybe.”

“How big were your horns?”

He let out a laugh. “Sunshine, I have no idea. I didn’t really look into
mirrors a lot back then.”

I smiled faintly. “You must have been majestic.”

X

1

2: deadbeat roommate

3: creepy crush

4: relocation

5: beach concert

6: First date

7: Temp work

8: roommate talk

9: a dismal worldview

10: warehouse

11: staircase

12: explanation

13: hurt

14: hospital

15: ocean

16: diner

17: government work

18: something in the caves

19: shopping cart

20: olms and Jewels

21: long hair

22: recruitment

23: waitresses

24: dollhouse

25: burning plastic

26: fog dimension

27: sea goddess

28: mixed martial arts

29: heads up

30: underground

32: Crystal tears
