Hey mom, I’m following up on my many missed calls and messages from you.
Don’t worry, I’m completely fine. Sorry for all of this. I wanted to let
you know that I’ve moved in with Jason in his new home. It’s a fresh
start for me and I couldn’t be more excited.

Emily is with me and she’s still as cute as a button. She can make more
friends here at her new school that we enrolled her in.

Lately, I’ve been thinking about getting her a new sibling. It was
Jason’s idea and I’m all for it.

Perhaps, we won’t see you for a while since Jason is so busy with work.
Our new home is still not suitable for guests yet, it needs a long time
to be presentable and tidy, just how you like things mom.

We wanted to let you know, all of us here, that we appreciate your
recent concern but honestly things couldn’t be better,

Expecting video calls from us though will be hard, since our coverage
here is bad and we won’t be able to get a stable connection.

It’s sweet that you asked me what happened to my face in your messages,
I’m just such a goofball I was actually reaching for a big box when
moving and it fell on my face. 

No need to come visit us any time soon, as I said Jason is busy and
we’re still in the process of moving, but when you do plan to, please
contact Jason first. 

He loves you guys and just wants to get everything in order for when you
finally see us.

I saw that you filed a missing person report for me and Emily. Please
let the authorities know that you heard from us and we’re okay.

Soon, Jason is planning to take us on a trip. I don’t know where yet,
but I’m letting you know as I probably won’t be able to contact you.

Best way to get to me right now is via email. As Jason took my phone to
get it repaired. I broke the screen when the box fell on me.

Also, can you please tell everyone this too? I can only send you an
email from Jason’s laptop. I don’t* have the time to email everyone.

Someone from work reached out to me too. I told them that I quit and
apologized for not getting my notice in.

Evidently, that was unprofessional of me. Jason can support us for now,
he’s doing really well.

Maybe I’ll stay at home for the time being, since Jason prefers I take
care of Emily and I agree.

Emily sends her love to you. She misses her grandma and knows that she
can’t see her soon, but still loves her so much.

Not wanting to ramble on, I wanted to conclude by giving you Jason’s
number. Make sure to call him first before doing anything related to
seeing us (1-212-846-7824).

Thank you for reaching out. I’m going to get back to fixing up the house
now. Love you Mom.
