Deep into the heat wave that had hit the city with such veracity that
the AC industry was finally making its foothold in the usually chilly
state I was currently in.The sewer gratings stunk of old metal and
excrement that was carried on the dry winds with pollen and birdsong
everyday and the boredom of summer’s end had finally started to set in.
I sat on the balcony of my apartment, the smoke fumes from my cigarette
barely able to quench the rotten sweetness in the air pondering if I
should get up and continue unpacking the piles of boxes that littered my
living room. 

Only having moved in a week ago I had yet to find the motivation to try
and set up the living room or kitchen. Takeout boxes were stacked beside
the box labelled “Pots and Pans”, an irony not lost on me. I probably
should start buying groceries considering I was yet to find a job since
the move and funds were getting slim. Glancing at my phone after it
buzzed a text from five minutes ago sat above a checklist that I was in
desperate need of seeing to, but yet again choose to ignore it. 

As I turned on the tv, scrolling to find a series to put on in the
background that was when I first heard it. With all the windows open on
their latches and the balcony door still ajar, it drifted in with an
eerie shrill. 

EEEEEEEK!…

It hit my brain with a dull scrape, but didn’t stand out as much. Scrubs
took over the main funnel of sound within my property as I lay gently
sweating in the summer heat. I thought nothing of it. It wasn’t long
before I started to drift off and dreamt of pale horses running through
the streets of my home town and joyful tune-town music playing in the
background. As I reached into a tree made of syrup globs ready to take a
bite-

EEEEEK!

I shot up from the couch, jolted awake. There it was again. That sound.
Swinging heavy legs over the side of the dented cushions, I rubbed the
sleep from my eyes as I heard it again. The same two tone caterwaul. 

“What the fuck…” I said aloud, my bones groaning as I stood up. I
stretched, feeling my t-shirt that clung to my back and chest with damp
sweat shift slightly when it happened again. 

Curiosity gripped me and I sauntered over to the windows that were of
the front part of the skyrise tower block I lived in and I peered out.
The street lamps gave an amber-shaded view of the asphalt road below, it
looked like a miniature reconstruction from the thirteenth floor. Empty.
The distant sound of cars making their way home from late-night shifts.
The sky a dull purple bruise against heavy coal-coloured clouds. 

Peeking at my Casio, the placid screen lit up as I pressed the side
button. 2:03am. 

EEEEEEEK!

Darting my gaze to the street below again, and there was nothing…nothing
at all. I stared for a while longer, my eyes adjusting to the darkness.
Was probably some fucking kids who were allowed out longer while off for
the summer holidays. Grabbing a glass of tap water, I chugged it to
quench my dry throat and went to my bedroom (full with just as many
boxes) and climbed into the chilled sheets, thinking nothing of it. 

Waking the next day, I lazily put in my headphones and started to blast
the essentials of Korn, my recent nostalgia trip musically at the
current moment. Against the wave of constant procrastination I decided
to get those boxes open and stored away. By the time it reached lunch
time I had successfully found places for all the kitchen appliances, the
lamps and bookcases now filled with collected knickknacks and
photographs of more pleasant times. I took one of me and my
ex-girlfriend, Sally, when we took a trip to the Canary Island’s. I
couldn’t help but smile at it, grateful that even with the separation
from one another that we could still be friends. I made a mental note to
call her once I sorted the apartment. It had already begun to look more
like a home.

A remix of Freak on a Leash with a techno base was mid-way through when
I took the earphones off and instantly I heard it…

EEEEEEEEEK!

That metallic wailing! I sighed and put the headphones back on just as I
heard the first musical note begin to rise. Annoyance had bloomed in my
stomach like knotted embers. I busied myself by moving onto the other
packed away boxes with things like seasonal decorations that could go in
a supply closet and arranged the towels in the hot-press above the
boiler that lay cold, no need to use the gas to heat the already boiling
living spaces. 

I turned on the refrigerator finally after scrubbing the shelves with
degreaser and damp cloths so it almost gleamed with the sunlight that
sliced through the blinds. Proudly staring at my work, I thought why not
treat myself and go to a grocery shop. 

The music had drifted into my more chill low-fi beats as I went into the
elevator, briefly spying my neighbours door directly in front of my own
wide open. I could tell that there was some sort of commotion going on
as the woman and man in there seemed to be in an argument directly in
the hallway facing their front door. The man, scowling turned his
wrinkled tanned face, turned to face me for a second, which is when I
averted my gaze and waited for the elevator doors closed with
difficulty. It was an old building, so it was expected. 

Walking past the reception area I took to the streets and walked down
the main pathway to the superstore that was down the bottom of the road.
At the time, I should’ve paid more attention, but we live and we learn.
But my face was distracted by the doomscrolling I usually did while
walking to any destination, just to make sure I didn’t make awkward eye
contact with passers-by. I had a tendency to stare. 

I felt the beautifully chilling AC unit bellowing crisp welcomed air as
I entered the grocery store, picked up a basket and began down the
isles. I picked up basics I was low in (bleach, toilet roll, laundry
pods) and then looked at the discounted section for bread that had a few
days and cookies. When I reached the glacier row to pick up a carton of
milk, there was another curious sight.

A mother, her hair tied in a messy bun and her shoulders burnt a light
red, was pushing a cart full to the brim. Her toddler had snot dripping
down his nose accompanied with glops of tears that stained the rim of
his t-shirt. She passed at a brisk pace, not making eye contact with me
(thank god!) but barely looking at her clearly-upset child. And it
wasn’t just food stacked high in the cart, but an assortment of
electronics…. Before passing I spotted three of the same speakers and at
least a dozen pairs of headphones. 

“Weird…” I muttered under my breath, not hearing it outside of my own
headphones. 

Collecting the ingredients to make a basic Thai green curry (again, I
was treating myself) I filed to the checkout, seeing a moderate cue that
all had their own assortments of shopping. Some had metal baskets
similar to myself or carts,but all contained…sound equipment. 

Similar to the lady who had passed with the upset boy they all had
headphones, speakers, boomboxes, rip-off versions of Air pods and
multi-plug extension cords. I continued to covertly stare, pretending to
look at my own items or scratching my ear to turn to see the people
lined up behind me, all sporting their own identical piles of tech.

 When I got to the front of the line, I placed my items on the conveyor
belt and placed the separation slat so the person behind me could put
their own onto the line. The young girl at the checkout with her royal
blue bib to signify her as a worker was scanning across the label
reader, I could almost hear the ‘beep!’ as the faint red light scanned
the barcodes. 

Peering at the worker, before I could take my own headphones off, I was
caught by her appearance. She was in her early twenties, her hair shiny
and auburn flowing over her shoulders clashing against the bib. I
would’ve been a bit forward in my own thoughts and managed to see she
was fairly attractive, but her eyes…

The iris were deep moss green and the skin around them was irritated,
raw skin similar to sunburn. Clearly from crying. The bags under them
were heavy and created a purplish haze under the porcelain flesh,
contrast to the red sores.  

I stared for a bit longer, and expected her to say something. To pull a
face, something. But, nothing. She just looked glassily ahead and
scanned the last of my desired items. 

“-r card?” I managed to catch, just as I let the headphones touch the
back of my neck. 

“Sorry?” 

“Cash or card?” She said, her voice crispy. 

“Card please…” I fumbled for my debit card in my torn faux-leather
wallet. “Thank you.”

I tapped the reader and it beeped with a positive purchase
notification. 

EEEEEEEEEK!

Before I could even turn my- 

EEEEEEEEEEK!

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

Mumbles from the cue that were a cacophony of signs, angry curses and at
least one sob echoed from the people behind me, and from the other lines
to other checkout isles. 

“Fuck this!” A man squealed, slamming his cart into the ground and
stormed out of the line and towards the exit. An elderly lady in my
line, who must’ve been the one who let out the sob, put her head on the
stationary conveyor belt and started to cry. 

“What’s going on?” I asked the checkout girl, her gaze turning to me. It
was hauntingly distressing. 

“Do you live under a rock?”

I scrunched my face, shocked at my immediate annoyance. “I don’t
unders-”

EEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

Someone called for me to hurry up, along with some more unpleasant
words. As I packed the last item, a bag of basmati rice, into my
backpack, I felt a tense grip around my wrist. 

“It hasn’t stopped…”

The girl had a tear roll down her face, dropping her stature to be at my
eye level. My stomach dropped, knotted and churned all at the same time.

“What?”

“The noise,” she growled, her fingernails digging into my skin. “There’s
no pattern, but it hasn’t stopped…it hasn’t stopped all day.”

Since returning to the apartment I had begun researching to make up for
my social tardiness. My television blared the news, which had multiple
perspectives on what had been deemed by the public “The Whistle”. I
scrolled on my laptop at creators and reporter podcasts who had all the
same thing to say. 

The noise was not stopped now for a total of 32 hours, the sun beginning
to set. There was live footage and interviews with the public all giving
their own personal conspiracies on what the origin of the noise was or
could be. 

So far there was no definitive answer. 

“This is crazy, right?” Sally’s voice crackled on my phone. I had kept
the windows closed now even in the unbearable heat and decided to call
her. She was on her bed fur states over with music blaring in the
background, scrolling on her own laptop similar to myself. 

“I thought maybe it was just kept in my area but fuck, it’s global?” 

“Yeah, and it’s all happening in the same time frames. With it happening
in New York the same noise is happening across the damn pond in London.”

“Got any theories?” I asked, peeking at the screen. 

“Not really,” She groaned. “It’s very annoying though.”

“Ditto.” 

“How have you been coping?” 

“Just like everyone else I suppose,” I sank into the couch, grateful to
the muffling that the cushion on my right ear gave. “Got the volume all
the way up.”

“Same here…it’s only a matter of time though…”

“Until wha-”

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

I watched as she turned at the noise too, the Whistle deafening the
phone out. 

“Sal, sorry I didn’t catch that.”

EEEEEEEEEEEEK!

EEEEEEEEEEEEK!

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

The same noise breaking the singular pattern into a triple one, back to
back. 

A brief moment of silence (well, silence in terms of the Whistle not
thundering above and all around me) settled the moment. “What did you
say?”

She stalled for a moment, anticipating the next call from the clouds
above. She stared directly at the screen now. “Until this starts to
really do some damage…and people help it…”

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

The droning cries outside were muffled slightly as I sat in my
windowless, non-vented bathroom. I massaged some moisturiser into my
tender ears. I flinched as I tried to give the throbbing some relief
considering how much abuse they have been through. 

It’s been five days now since the Whistle had begun its berating of the
globe. Sleeping with headphones in had made my ears physically
sensitive, edging on sore. The opaque skin was now flushed red with
irritation and there was a ringing deep in my eardrum. 

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

I sighed, barely seeing the point of washing my hands as I had been in
the same t-shirt and shorts for two days now. No matter how much sleep I
got, the noise woke me. Spending every hour of the day anticipating the
next bellow of the beast was almost worse than the actual drone itself.
I was in such a state of restlessness and paranoia that I couldn’t focus
at all. I mean, I tried making some toast and eggs the other morning,
and zoned out. The only thing that woke me from the haze was the blaring
unknown alarm that had cursed the earth along with the billowing black
smoke that drifted from my kitchen. 

The sewer smell had gotten worse as well, with now (as Sally had
predicted) the public taking to the streets. 

News feeds from all over the world had shown that erratic people had
taken to the streets with signs that read “The End Times Are Here” who
had fully embraced the Judaic end of the world and the conspiracy
theorists having signs that read the polar opposite “The Government Are
Culling the Chaff”. These protests had collided in nearly every major
city and clashed among each other.

 Police services were being worked overtime and the once pretty news
anchors looked similar to the check-out girl. Bags under every eye, now
a societal given to everyone. It didn’t matter if you were a city
citizen or deep in the countryside. The noise, the Whistle had taken
over. 

As I exited the bathroom, my terrycloth robe slopped off one of my
shoulders. I heard a shattering of wood. My fight or flight system went
into full gear. 

“I can’t take this anymore, David!” A wailing shriek came from behind my
front door. 

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

“-top, what are you doing?!? Lis-”

EEEEEEEEEK!

Another scream, cut out by the -

EEEEEEEEEEEK!

“LISA! OH MY GOD, STOP!”

Without thought, I ran to the door and unlatched the deadbolt, swinging
the heavy wooden door open. I gasped at the sight.

The two neighbours I had spotted arguing the day I had discovered what
had happened to the world were now in the hall. The woman, I presumed
was Lisa, was crying hysterically on the floor. The man who had first
met me with an angry expression now had a face full of fear just like
myself in this moment. David now sat with clawed hands, covered in
blood. A glistening bread knife sat between us on the maroon splattered
tiles with bits of skin sloppily wrapped around the serrated blade.  

“What do I do?!?” He yelled at me, his wife curled up on the floor as
thick red ichor pulsing out between her fingers, flowing over her neck
that was veined from her constant screams. The front of her skull looked
like it had been beaten in.

In a dreamy shock I saw the back part of their own front door. There
were huge cracks in the wood, circular and close to the eye-glass. The
two closest to me were splintered while the other seven were soaked in
the same shocking scarlet dripping liquid. 

Lisa had stabbed herself in her ears, just to -

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!
 
EEEEK!

- make the Whistle stop.

You would think that after fourteen days of the blaring noise that you
would eventually get used to it. I can tell you, you don’t.

Distractions were rare and few between considering that the world’s
argument against the Whistle was in order to beat it then society just
had to be louder. My entire tower block of apartments was a constant
blare of speakers on most of the balconies, tv’s cranked up to top
volume and screams down below in the street were almost constant. 

Not that the stock market was much of an interest even though it has
managed to still keep itself afloat during this terrifying time but the
electronic sector had jumped by an infinite percentage. Sales of the
expected sound systems, headphones, boomboxes and DJ equipment had
skyrocketed as it became the only way to drown out the voice of God that
was indiscriminately punishing us. 

When my mind started to drift I watched birds. Never had any interest in
them until the sleep deprivation and the consistent annoyance nestled in
my chest now had me lazily looking at them. At first I wondered if they
could hear the booming beat of the unknown far up in the clouds. I
quickly grew jealous of them when I noticed the way they were also
acting…

It was 8.23pm and I was already on my second pack of cigarettes for the
day. The habit had gotten worse now that small convenience stores had
mostly been abandoned. You could now just waltz right into them and fill
your bag with as much candy, chips and cigarettes as you liked. Looting
was just a furious pastime of the untiring protesters. 

But I digress, he birds, yes! 

They had begun to act…different. The patterns they made now weren’t the
swishy waves that were usual to their behaviour. They now flew in almost
exact geometric shapes, switching between different types of triangles
to hexagons, octagons, decagons, then changing to the repetition of
pentagons, heptagons and back to triangles. And the weirder aspect, if
not already freaked out, they were silent. 

Not a single caw or call out of them at all. Just creating their own
display of geometric shapes up in the clouds during humid summer days.

I tried to bring it up to David when I checked in on him. Lisa was still
in the hospital after she had dug her own eardrums out. He just stared
straight at the tv, a rerun of The 100 plugged into three soundbars
around the boiling living room. He turned to me with tired eyes, his
expression zombie-like. 

“At least they get some silence…” 

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

One month now.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

And the world had only gotten worse. 

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

Sally was trying to stay in contact more considering what I had done a
few days prior. Just like everyone else, I had been driven to it. 

Just five days ago I had reached my limit. The mob mentality had finally
swept me up as I stumbled exhausted and frustrated to one of the riots
on the streets. Car horns blared and bonfires that were erected burned
as the Whistle blared overhead and all around us. I held no sign, I held
no position whether this was religious, political or natural. I was
simply mad. The anger had welled in me and I had just had enough.

Trash was piled high over bins on the street and buses sat abandoned,
most of them either burnt out or currently on fire. Trash men had quit
right after a guy had a mental breakdown due to the state of the world
and the constant sirens of the skies in which the result ended up being
that he had thrown himself into the trash compactor in the back of his
truck, to escape into silent bliss.

Between the crowds chanting, the sirens of the police that seemed a
constant in our now nearing-dystopian society, I joined the looting
crowds. Going into the belly of the beast I had one single goal. 

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

Get to a pharmacy.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

After shoving my way through the crowds, barely registering the blows
and hits my body was taking, I focused in as a rabid murder of people
tore the metal security gate off the front of  Perses Pharmacy, the neon
green lights shattered with incoming bricks and bottles. A trash can was
chucked into the window, the glass exploding inward.

Jumping over the window feeling the shards left sink into my palm I ran
over to the counter and made sure I was the first to get into the back
storage area. I pulled a piece of paper where I had jotted down a list
of medications that even if I had a fully-healed sleep schedule I
would’ve forgotten I scanned the shelves. 

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

Shoving them into my backpack, I pulled my scarf up over my sweat soaked
face, feeling the scraggly beard I had grown incubate the heat
automatically as soon as cloth met hair. A group of savage sleepless
sentinels barrage past me, reaching to grab things to treat their own
fix. 

“What were you thinking?!” 

I sighed, head in hands as Sally walked around her parents house shoving
newspapers into the windows. They had ordered a large pallet of
soundproofing which had all been used for the upper floors of the house,
and delivery was now a thing of the past. 

“I don’t know, I’m just so tired-”

“We’re all tired, Cormac!” She yelled, slapping the remaining newspaper
down with a sickening smack. “What you did was reckless -”

“I know-”

“-and you could’ve been killed for God’s sake-”

“I KNOW!” I screamed at her, the veins in my head pulsing. She stopped
speaking, her eyes wide with shock. Even over the facetime call I saw
tears well in her heavy hazel eyes. There was a silence between us, only
accompanied by a -

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that…”

“I know…but it’s not okay…”

“I’m sorry, Sal.”
“I know….I gotta go, my Ma needs help with the front rooms of the
house.”

The call clicked to a close, the powering down sound that accompanied
the disconnect of the facetime. 

Underneath the blare of the erratic Whistle, I sure she didn’t hear me
say that I loved her. 

I sat in the slight silence I got before the sky let out another droning
noise, five back to back. 

Pulling the backpack that smelt just as much as I did of smoke and rage,
I dumped all the contents on the coffee table in front of my sofa. I had
shoved the books and empty cigarette packets all just onto the floor not
caring for cleanliness due to the piles of laundry and gathering dust
that had begun to accrue with my lack of needing to keep the apartment
up to par. 

Taking time to set each of them up in neat lines, I sorted them by name.
It was the same system that I used when sorting Skittles or M&M’s into
colour formation. 

The rows went as follows; three bottles of temazepam (each containing
sixty pills), seven bottles of Ambien (each containing thirty two
pills), four boxes of daridorexant (four strips of ten pills in each),
two bottles of melatonin (500mls each) and a bunch of antihistamines I
managed to swipe on my way out. 

If I couldn’t escape the Whistle in my waking life, I would damn sure
get some fucking sleep.
