Sometimes, there are instances in your life growing up where, looking
back on them, you realize there was a very thin line between you
standing here in the present and being gone for good.

A careless run across a busy road, tampering with household circuits or
standing too close to the balcony railing. One wrong move and you
wouldn’t be lucky enough to think back on it.

I experienced something similar, not in the sense of mundane mistakes,
but in the sense that I would not be here recalling this incident to
you. I haven’t been able to sleep well for the past few days and I do
not know who to talk to about this anymore. Not because nobody believes
me (believe you me that is not the case), but primarily because nothing
can be done about it anymore. It’s a hollow place in my life where
nothing exists anymore and the past is too far away to try to prevent
the damage it had done.

I was 11 years old, my parents’ only child and daughter. I had trouble
fitting in socially. I had trouble making friends easily because I would
go on trying to tell them a little too much about a topic, purely out of
wanting to share my knowledge on it, but it would come off as me trying
to be better than the other kids. Looking back, I realize how rude that
could’ve seemed to them. I was awkward, to say the least, but I didn’t
know I was awkward, which is the worst kind in my opinion. I would jump
up and down, talk too fast, make weird expressions with my face and
think nothing of it.

When a child does this, the other kids, without necessarily not wanting
to be friends with them, pull away because they see something
unfamiliar, something unexpected from normal social settings. Therefore,
I was mostly by myself, eager and jittery whenever someone came up to
me, but if not, busy tinkering with some project of my own.

Not having friends to play with in the summer of 2005, I usually just
played by myself. My parents were both working and I was not allowed to
wander far from our house. It was okay then to leave a kid home alone
for the neighbours knew each other well and had a key to the house to
check in.

I was out in the backyard playing with a sort of 3D cardboard puzzle. It
was a pretty new concept to me when I saw it and I knew I had to get my
hands on it.

I was busy playing with it when out of the corner of my eye I saw a
figure and looked up. I had to squint a little to make out the features
but I knew it was a boy, a couple inches taller than I was, standing
there lankily and staring at me.

He wasn’t glaring or scowling, and his features were soft. He looked
like he’d been crying, but now his eyes just kind of stared innocently
at me, his head tilted. One of his eyes scrunched up and his lips
pouted, you know that expression kids make when looking at something.

Me, seeing a kid I could play with, perked up excitedly.

“Hello! Do you wanna play?” I shouted.

He didn’t say anything at first and kept looking at me. Then, when he
walked towards me, I noticed he was limping. He looked like he was in a
lot of pain to have been limping like that.

He came and sat next to me but still didn’t say anything. I didn’t ask
about the limp because, first of all, I was a child. I didn’t really
care much, I was excited to have company and didn’t want to make him go
away with questions.

I let him be but I wanted to see what he was like, so I kept my hands
busy with the puzzle. Instead of solving it, though, I kept my head down
while my eyes stayed on him. If he realized I was looking at him, I’d
look down again and start making motions with my hands, then go right
back to studying him.

His face was pale, even in the summer, as if he spent all his time
indoors in a dark room. His eyes were puffy and, at the moment, looked
lost. Dissociated is the word. Every now and then he would sigh
dejectedly and look at his legs, and I could almost see tears forming
before he looked away into the distance again.

“How old are you?”

Again, no response.

It was starting to hurt me a bit. I thought it was me again, that I was
causing people not to want to be friends with me so I started packing my
stuff and going inside. He saw this and stood up.

Then, as if reading off a script, he started:

“Hello. I am Park. I am 14 years old. I like toys. Will you be my
friend?”

I still remember the way he said it. Like he had memorized it. He tried
saying it normally, but I heard his voice break a little towards the
end. But he didn’t cry. Not at that moment anyway.

“Uh…”

He was older than me. Almost three grades older. I hesitated because, in
my school, older boys were generally scary to play with because they’d
push and shove you and not even apologize.

But I felt sorry for him. He looked like he didn’t have a lot of
friends, just like yours truly and he seemed far too weak to be able to
push people around.

“Okay!” I said, extending my hand.

He didn’t know what to do at first. I thought he was slow.

He then proceeded to shake my hand. “Shake” would be an exaggeration. He
merely touched my hand and he felt so weak that I thought I could pull
on it and he’d fall forward.

With that, I left. I don’t know where he went. I got inside and got
distracted with something I cannot remember now.

Over the next few days, he came to my yard almost daily. He’d mostly
just sit around and not talk much and I was okay with it. We’d hang out
in silence.

One such day, to my amazement, he started talking. He’d come at the
usual time, limping even more than before. I noticed a gash on his face,
not very visible because clearly he’d tried to put ointment on it to
conceal it.

“I want to show you something.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Come with me.” Again, like reading off a script.

“I am not allowed to.”

“Please?”

Now he wasn’t reading off a script. It sounded desperate, almost and I
could see tears welling up. I thought he cried a lot for an older boy.
Again, I really don’t think I should have been talking to this guy, let
alone agreeing to go with him. But go I did. Some kids, such as myself,
really don’t have any sort of street skills whatsoever. And being the
overexcited girl I was, I went along with him.

Now, I say I shouldn’t have gone not because the boy was scary. He was
the furthest thing from someone anyone should be scared of. In fact, I
felt deeply sorry for him. Here was this guy, same as me, without
friends, but clearly affected by it far more deeply.

I walked behind him. He led me through the side of the woods where I’d
been before with my dad, but instead of taking the usual trail, he
turned sharply inward and kept walking.

I’d been in the woods several times before. My dad would usually take me
birdwatching, which I thought was very boring in all honesty, but I
liked being carried by him through the forest, tagging trees with my
hand as we went along. He would lift me up so I’d be able to touch the
tall branches instead of only the trunks.

Fond memories. Which is why I didn’t really feel scared in the woods.

We came near a clearing. I saw a dilapidated one-storey house, its white
walls covered in graffiti. The path to the house had overgrown grass
that had turned rough and brown due to the summer heat. The ground was
uneven and I tripped.

The boy held his hand out for me. I grabbed on. He then cautiously
walked towards the house, trying not to make noise. I mimicked him and
tried to stay as silent as possible.

We walked inside, where there was really nothing there. No doors or
windows, just empty spaces in the walls where they should have been.

He walked further inside and around the corner of a wall, I could make
out steps going down. We were standing about ten feet away from them, I
guess.

He was still holding my hand. He looked at me and I looked back at him,
confused.

He was deep in thought. It was as if he was contemplating taking a step
forward, the way he was intently staring at his feet.

Then we heard a noise come from downstairs.
