I’m not even a nurse, right?
My original plan was to get out of school, train in some complex,
medical-y major and graduate, flying colours and get that high-paying
job, move out and get that life.

And then my parents died and I just couldn’t- I felt like I was trapped
under the same dirt they were, like some part of me, some organ, was
being trapped and choked and being trampled on by everyone around me,
everyone who couldn’t see it. That veil lifted, I think, about a year
and a half after they died, and that was just kind of like a sign to me
that I needed to get into the medical realm as soon as possible and I
thought of the apprenticeships I’d heard about, desperately peddled by
careers interviewers and I just thought- yeah.

The life of an apprentice nurse is worse pay than a nurse, obviously-
and it is also more thankless, both from colleagues and from the
patients. I am the person who has to go out and collect the bills, ask
why someone has been taking five times their prescription- so on and so
on. That and the coffee- like, god, how much coffee can a surgeon take
without their neural pathways turning to mush and over-frothed meat?
Make it yourself, at that point, surely. Bring it in a big flask and
just-

Sorry, sorry.

You guys are here for the bad part. Not blaming you- sorry, that sounded
a bit rude. I’m here to get it off my chest and you’re here to listen.
Or read.

Whatever.

When the repetition got horrible, when the patient’s scowls and endless
questions and demands and the doctor’s shouts and the endless stream of
I.Vs just became lists of things to mention by name in my suicide note,
I wanted out. I had seen by that time- or maybe someone had told me?-
about an opening in the maternity ward. Same thing, basically, an
apprenticeship for one more year before I like some medical Peter Pan
became a real nurse.

Salary was still horrible. But, for the most part, it was better. You
are- how to put it- less easily angered when the most of your worries
are the indiscernible lumps of cherubic fat and gurgling messesthat are
wearing matching clothes and their glowing, smiling parents. There were
off days here as well but it seemed like a sort of utopia to me, where
no one needed any coffee and I didn’t really have to do much. There was
nearly no work for me, though the meagre salary strips came in and went
and my nursing life came closer and closer.

Really, there was no work- I remember even taking a little seven year
old, there with his parents after an unexpected water break, all around
the hospital, pointing out all the little machines and-

But there was also enough time to worry, just about things. Just to mull
over the rest of my life and, later on, other people’s. I was worried
about some of the people who came. One such woman was, let’s say,
Sandra.
She was the child of two loving parents, she had said, who had loved her
just until the fact that she had gotten pregnant before marriage. Made
my blood boil, reminded me of my own parents- not cause I hated them or
they me- because I just couldn’t imagine what it was like for her, to
feel that same loss and know they were so close.

Sandra was also a little, rough around the mental edges, I got to
talking to her- no, that’s wrong. Sandra was talking to me, half-asleep,
just telling me stuff, telling me about her parents and her dog, about
who I could only assume was her boyfriend.

“He’s a dark man,’ she had said, hair, beautiful blonde, matted with
sweat, ’But I want the baby anyway. Even if it has him in it. Do you get
it?”

This sentence was relayed to me over the course of three minutes and at
the end of it, I had smiled- though I didn’t know if she could see me-
and squeezed her hand.

That was yesterday.

Today started with some administrator yelling something fierce, stirring
up the decibels, spittle flying- you get it. Someone had given someone
else the wrong baby.

Sandra’s baby, specifically.

I went over to talk to Sandra, though she didn’t really seem to remember
me- from her half-asleep, muttering night- I still hoped that she saw me
as a friendly face. I told her that it would be fine and that we would
get her child back. She had just nodded, a little faraway, and she had
said, quite firmly, that her baby couldn’t be left alone with other
people, that wouldn’t be right.

I agreed, I knew that this was a big hospital screw-up, the kind of
sitcom level screw-uppery that was talked about for years and years, and
Sandra was right to be angry or whatever she felt like.

And maybe this next bit was fate, or some kind of recommendation from
Sandra or just my ‘not technically a nurse’ status at work here but I
got handed the job, amid more disciplined yelling, to contact the other
woman and talk her through the situation as gently as I could.

As gently as I could- like there some kind of egg that would break.

I dug out the numbers and dialled it up, taking my seat in the office.

After a few minutes, someone picked up.

Said- hello?

I talked them through what had happened; it was only at the middle of my
explanation that I realised that the words were flowing hot and fast
from my mouth into the phone, as if I was scared that talking any slower
would point blame at me. I slowed down at the end, though I could not
remember what I had said before it and asked if they were free to come
down and just, you know, swap it back.

There was a long, loud silence;

“I’m sorry, I can’t hear you. I don’t think the phone’s working.”

Should’ve known then, goddamnit, that there was something wrong, the
guy’s voice was strolling over each word, like it was a foreign
language, like- like he had practiced it and needed that exact
intonation.

I told the administrator and she told me, roughly, that I should
probably ‘get my ass over there’ if I didn’t want my two years of
apprenticing to go to waste.

As you can figure out, I drove there, in the little hospital provided
vehicle and the address provided and, in a half hour, I reached.

The house was generic, in a word.

Two storey, wooden and with an impersonal front lawn, windows that were
perfectly aligned and also lopsided-

I knocked on the door.

After a few minutes, a man came out, I could see him through the side
windows beforehand, strolling forward, no shoes, only these long, black
socks that came up to above his knees and a t-shirt and shorts, he
opened the door and I found that it was never locked, and now that I
think of it, I cannot even confirm that it was properly shut; he walked
me in and, when I moved to take off my shoes, he watched me, I could
feel it, stared at me, struggling to take off the knots under his gaze,
and smiled a little. When I got up, I found that I could not even
properly remember why I was here and it was a long time before I could
ask where his wife- where the mother was; he smiled a little wider and
he told me that he was sorry about the baby.

What the hell?

He said he hadn’t known it was swapped.
By this point, I was just kind of following him where he was moving.

Into the basement.

He said he was sorry for the other lady, that she would not see her own
flesh- that’s what he said, flesh- but that it had gone well- there was
a fireplace on the upper floor and it was burning, I can remember that,
even though it was summer, and, downstairs, there was some other heating
turned on, making the heat palpable, rising up even through the closed
basement door. I think I asked, then, again- where is your wife?

He didn’t turn back then and he just continued to fiddle with the lock
on the basement door, a deadbolt, and pushed the door forward.

He didn’t turn on the light because it seemed to be bright like hell
down there- not as in it was extremely bright but in that it was lit
like what I imagine must populate the nightmares of many. There a faint,
amorphous light shining down there but it was not one produced by a
lightbulb. He moved down first- stopped on a step, halfway down, and
turned his head a little bit- I saw, then, a tattoo on the side of his
neck, a sort of Christian design maybe, or some religion, all stars and
crosses- and told me, flat and bubbled through: please lock the door
when you leave; I nodded and then I remembered, again, why I was here
and I licked my lips and I repeated- where is your wife, sir, where is
the baby?

Where the fuck is the baby?

The curse slipped through my mouth like a wet slime; there was no
response to it, though.

Seemed like that at first and, after a few seconds- with my breath held
and his frame unmoving- his hand pointed downward still, to the floor of
the basement.

He squealed.

I think I noped out at that moment, rushed downwards and tackled the man
off his feet, fell with him, making this strange, extended gurgle to the
bottom step, and I got off, head ringing, like all the blood in my body
was going there and staying, and my feet numb, as if they were faraway
and not mine but implants to be controlled, and I walked forwards off
the staircase and onto the ground- wishing I had my shoes, still,
because the ground was so cold- and I saw her first.

I had not seen her in the hospital, because I would have remembered her-
her red hair and that pale skin, thin and translucent, those green eyes.

She was staring straight at me, seated on an antique, wooden chair, a
long, white cloth held by her until her chin. She looked at me and
through me and I felt sick but it did not last because when she saw me,
or maybe something else entirely that existed near me, she lifted the
cloth over her head until she was fully covered, a ghost in a blanket- I
screamed, voice cracking, both to the man, lying behind me and the lady,
wearing a cloth over her like she was in some vertical morgue, what have
you done?

Where is she?

There a creak beyond me- behind me.

The man was up, I saw, and I backed up, stopped because I didn’t want to
touch the lady- I had the image that she was play-acting her stillness,
waiting to leap up and out of the cloth at me, slit my throat and bury
me there, eat me and sell my organs. He didn’t even look at me, he
didn’t even bother about himself, his injury, his broken, weeping nose
went untouched, uncomforted and he continued beyond me, forward and
forward and I backed up against the wall, rough and bubbly. He was kind
of limping and I could see that one of his legs was kind of bent out,
dislocated, maybe?

There was another chair in the opposing end of the room, the basement,
hidden away in the darkness, another cloth and I could see that this one
had fallen to the floor and I could imagine, in my mind’s eye, both of
them sitting there, just silently, under the cloth, like old furniture,
until I had knocked. He sat down and pulled the cloth over himself.

I could feel some kind of grain under my feet and I looked, only for a
second because I still thought they were about to pounce on me like
rabid dogs and tear my throat to pieces, and saw salt, encircling the
room, smudged by our footsteps, mine and his and maybe her’s and where
the hell is the baby, I am thinking, what have they done?

I ran, slipped on the stairs and ran faster.

Fell when I was out of the basement, slipped back on carpet and hit my
teeth on the wood floor, tasted blood, and I left my shoes there and
continued my dead sprint till the car.

I’ve called my administrator, told her what has just happened.

I did that at the parking lot of a supermarket nearby; I’ve seen police
cars drive by a few minutes ago.
Maybe they let it out or maybe they kept it in the bathroom or maybe
they kept it with their relatives or maybe they never collected it but
it was someone else or maybe there never was a swap or any babies-

But I pray that white lump, wrapped in cloth and lined in salt, is not
what I think it is.
