I quickly closed my widow as quietly as possible, switched off the light
and pulled the curtains . I was angry at myself for not paying attention
earlier and not having darker curtains to hide myself better. I stayed
there in my dark room, trying to make as little noise as possible. So it
could not hear me.

It happened so fast, before i knew what was going on it was already too
late.

Just a week ago i was in my room, browsing porn on my computer (i know,
i know), searching for that one specific video like many of us do.

But then as i clicked on a random porn video that grabbed my attention i
was instead met with a censored window. It was dark, but I could make
some vague outlines of something like a rotting, skeletal looking
creature. I wondered what was that doing on a porn site, some stupid
clickbite?

At first i thought it may be a weird cosplay, but something about it
didn’t seem right. It looked too raw and unprofessional from what little
i could see. And the suspicious tittle „Want to see a real fun”?

I tried to exit the page, but my computer suddenly became very slow and
glitchy. I barely managed to exit the page, slightly creeped out.

Then i remembered as i was doing all that i felt someone walk by my room
in the hallway, my door was slightly opened. I figured my mom probably
came home from work ,as it was well past 10pm.

But then i heard strange sounds and movement, which was strange because
the lights outside were still off. So why would my mom just stumble in
the dark, tired after work? I checked to see but before i could even
leave my room, the hairs on my skin stood up. That was when I saw
through the crack 2 glowing yellow eyes, staring at me and a disfigured
face partly illuminated.

Just as this thing was about to open the door i shut it off immediately.

I considered calling the cops, but would they belive a 16 year old guy
he saw a zombie in his house?

I spend the rest of the night locked in my room in fear, waiting for the
dawn and barely got any sleep.

The next morning my mom was making breakfast and i asked her about last
night. She brushed it off as me having a bad dream and said she went
straight to bed. But i could not quite belive her.

Later that day a female colegue of hers came by (let’s call her Viki).
They went on with the usual boring talk about their lives.

However when my mom went to the bathroom i was just passing by Viki and
she stopped me for small talk-how are you and such. I jokingly said
„better than last night”. She asked why and i told her what I saw, but
as a dream so i didn’t sound crazy. Then she gave me a strange look, as
if she knew more than she let on and I was confused. Then she said „have
you heard this old urban legend about people transforming into ghouls at
random nights? Particularly women “?” I said „no-never heard of it”

She mentioned how some people are so squeezed off their energy from
their job and the monotony of every day life, according to the legend
they slowly become a dead shell of themselves-looking like ghouls.
Usually they wouldn’t even know they are one, but others might notice

I said how suspiciously close that sounded to my mom and the „dream ” i
had last night. Then Viki laughed and said „if only you could see your
face now. I was just messing with you kid. No ghouls around. At least as
far as we know” - she said in jokingly suspicious tone.

Eventually my mom came back and said „Viki, are you going on with your
scary stories again? You never let go of those ”

„Hey, teenagers like that stuff anyway” she shrugged.

And at that moment as the sun was setting and the light from the window
fell on Viki’s face in a particular way i could see the same vague
outlines I saw in that censored video- the shape of a rotting skull and
flesh, beneath her face and her eyes having a faint yellow glow in them.

So now it’s 2:45 AM i am writing this from my room, trying to be as
quiet and hidden as possible. I don’t know, if the banging and
scratching outside is my mom or Viki, or someone else. What i do know,
is that my neighbors can’t be trusted either, as they too are now
scratching behind their own walls and windows, making loud gurgling
sounds.
