One time I (M) was out on the railways, without phone or wallet. I was
walking on the unused tracks, and there really wasn’t anyone else in
sight. Those tracks are a few kilometers away from my house, and it’s
kind of hard to describe but there are multiple walls and such to the
right side of the tracks, an express highway is built on top of the
railway tracks too so at regular intervals there are these huge pillars,
and two of the railways are unused due to being incomplete I guess.
Whenever I want to get away from everything, I like to go and walk
there. Nobody else around, see.

That day I was walking, and as always I was repeatedly checking if
anybody was walking behind me or not, and literally after a couple
minutes of my last check, my ears pricked up hearing the sound of the
railroad gravel crunching about 20~ meter behind me out of nowhere. I
looked behind me, there was this older, fat man wearing a red shirt. Now
it’s not unusual for me to see other people there, some poorer people
walk there too, to get around because there’s a railway station a few
kilometers up north. But I did find it odd for the time how he seemed to
just appear out of nowhere, even when I checked multiple times if there
was someone behind me or not, and there was a wall to my right, so he
couldn’t have come from there either.

I could tell he was walking behind me based on the sound of the gravel
moving. I have a pretty big fear of being followed, to the point of
paranoia, so whenever anybody is walking behind me on those tracks, I
pretend to take a break, and as soon as they walk past me, resume
walking, now behind them. I did just that, but the sound of the gravel
crunching behind me stopped. I took another look behind me, the man
stopped walking just as I stopped walking. I decided maybe it was some
sort of coincidence, and I started walking again. The gravel crunching
noises resumed the moment I started walking again. He stopped when I
stopped, and started walking when I started walking. I have to admit, my
breath started catching in my throat and I started losing my composure.
I decided to stop again. Once more, the footsteps behind me stopped. I
took another look behind me. There he was, just standing there, looking
at me (I couldn’t tell if he was looking in my general direction, or
literally AT me) at the same distance he always was. There was only one
conclusion to be made.

This man was stalking me.

I genuinely felt like pissing myself; I didn’t even want to think about
his intentions. Running would be difficult, the gravel shifts under your
feet, and the railway ties make sprinting awkward. The way I came from
was about a kilometer ish away, and my house even further. Even so how
was I supposed to avoid him? I stopped in my tracks, and went onto the
other, unused railroad track. From there, I walked south (I was
initially heading north), and even crossed his way (although he was on
the other track). After a bit, I looked back. He was now on the other
track, the track I was on, and he was still following me. It wasn’t like
he was trying to hide it anymore, he literally switched directions. I
thought about fighting him, but that was a nada. He was bigger than me,
and I was only a teenager.

This next part is pretty difficult to explain so please bear with me.
You know how I mentioned there is just a line of walls to the east side
of the tracks? Well there is this “alleyway” you could call it, that
really doesn’t lead to anything, but there are some branching paths and
stuff in it. Anyways as I was walking, still with the man behind me, I
spotted the alleyway and made up a plan to shake him off. There was a
big pillar right beside the tracks in front of the entrance to the
alleyway, as well as this massive pile
of gravel, I guess about 14 or so feet tall? right beside the pillar.
The entrance was about 3 meters away from the tracks. As I was walking,
I got in front of the entrance (still on the tracks), and when I could
tell he wouldn’t be able to see the entrance due to the pile of gravel,
I went off the railway tracks. The ground between the walls and the
railroad tracks was of compacted dirt, and I silently sprinted to the
north side of the pile of gravel, and laid there, hiding myself. I took
a sneak peak, and sure enough I saw him going into the alleyway. I got
up and went onto the tracks again, and you best believe I SPRINT all the
way till I got to civilisation.
