I had accidently sat on it, the hot dog, and felt the room temperature
mustard and grill-hot grease soak through my robe, pants, underwear;
polyester wicking the runny concoction directly to my balls.  That was
the day I left the priesthood.

But that was later, dear reader, the events of that day over, ink yet
seeping from a fresh tattoo upon my mind of the image.  Oh, the image of
that man, as he lay in bed, and the sounds he created.  It’s rather odd,
for though I doubt I will ever hear that sound again, exactly, tonal
relatives remind me.  Squealing car fanbelts, and shrieking children,
frightened dogs, and territorial cats; mechanical, human, and animal,
blended into…well, perhaps I get ahead of myself.

In every work environment there is one employee who operates at a level
of par, sub enough to attract the derision of their coworkers, yet
competent enough to warrant keeping on the payroll.  I was such a man,
Father…oh, we don’t need names now do we?  That was my old name anyway,
and it would do you no favors to further investigations of me, a mere
bit player, a…as the youth of today, or maybe a few years ago now, would
say, “a non-player character,” in this arc.  Irregardless, let it be
known I have rarely been the center of attention for my achievement in
the field of faith, hope, and charity, though I fall far short of the
outright evil of so many of my former colleagues of years’ past.  Doing
enough to get by:  dolling out the body and the blood in exchange for
tawdry secrets, and occasionally running a canned food drive to obscure
my only true love (my apologies, Lord):  slow pitch softball.

It was after the final out of one of these games, my team having
received a holy thumping from Jim’s A-1 Heating and Air Conditioning,
when I was approached.

“Father Dowd,” a heavily accented feminine voice had said to me.  

“What?”  I didn’t bother lifting my head from its resting place in my
hands, I said it without malice, or meant to, looking back, perhaps it
was there though, but that was only because of the score, 12-2.  

“Father, my brother is very ill, and mia patro has requested a sankta
viro…um…holy man.”  She spoke rehearsed, the way a child repeats the
Lord’s Prayer, from recent committed memory, mirror practiced, mouthed
before spoken.  My eyes peaked through the slightly parted fingers
holding my face, counting the lace eyelets on my cleats, six on each
side, twelve eyelets total, two sides…12-2.  Oh, you pesky Lord, I see
what you did there.

“Sure, sure,” I said, perhaps dismissively, no, not perhaps.  “I usually
work through local hospices, have them contact me and we can schedule
something.”

“No, Father, mia patro…my father say…we cannot…um…sekreta polico…they
cannot know we are here.” 

I wonder now, if I had bothered to lift my eyes upward, toward the woman
speaking to me, toward Heaven, if anything would have differed, an
outcome less cumbersome, less tragic, though I do not know.  Perhaps the
Lord in His wisdom…well, we shan’t speak of the Lord about actions taken
or not, it makes no difference on what I didn’t do, for what I did was
mouth “fuck Jim’s Heating, and fuck that ump,” counting discarded
sunflower seeds and Zyn pouches in the dugout dirt.

“Write your address down, I’ll be over tomorrow morning, around 11:00,”
I said, perhaps the need for secrecy, the times in which we find
ourselves, moved me.  Perhaps I just wanted her to go away. 

“Thank you, Father,” she said, and I sensed something small and light
placed on the bench beside me, then heard small footsteps crunch through
the empty dugout.  I counted to 60, and lifted my head.  The woman was
gone, having placed a piece of pink paper beside me, a power bill past
due, addressed to the Prospector Apartments, Room 228.  Folding the bill
into the back pocket of my uniform pants, I stood, gathering the
attention of my catcher and shortstop to assist me in loading the
depleted keg into my car.

“Who was the goth chick with the umbrella?” Mike, the catcher asked as
the trunk closed for the night.  A genuinely bewildering question, it
being summer, and clear skies for the evening game, now night.

“Maybe if you paid as much attention to the shift as you did to the
broads in the stands, we’d still be over .500 for the season,” I said,
imagining I hid the scorn in my voice with friendly sarcasm.  

Though it pains to do so, I won’t bore you, dear reader, with the events
of that night, nor of that morning, for though I believe they are of
great importance to me, as this was a defining day of my own life, they
are of little interest to many.  Slurred words spoken over a headset in
a game lobby, lurid jokes told amongst friends far distanced by
geography, half-edited rants on intake manifolds posted to nearly dead
Lincoln Town Car forums, and the morning’s headaches soothed with coffee
and dog hair, Hot Pockets, and Bluey.  I miss the life, I’ll admit, many
aspects.  Oh, I said I wouldn’t, and there I did…apologies dear reader,
but this is my story afterall.

My ’89 Town Car’s 302 Windsor burbled to silence, El-P on the speakers
following, against the curb, city park to the right, new constructed
apartments across the street to the left.  PROSPECTOR on the sun-faded
banner, crossed shovel and pickaxe for its coat of arms.  I was early,
fifteen minutes, it’s just a good habit to get into, and as I watched a
city employee work a zero-turn mower along the edge of the sidewalk,
another edging with a weed whacker, and a cheery man dressed as a
barbershop quartette minus three try to coerce a jogger to join him at
his hot dog stand, I wondered how many good habits I had left.  It
wasn’t my faith, never the problem, it was the job, almost twenty years
in, it had become a job.  The calling a man feels when he’s 20, and the
calling he feels at 40…the first call was on Ma Bell, and now it’s on
Teams.  God doesn’t need Teams, I knew that much, but the Diocese surely
did, and the incessant phone dings stole me from my fantasies of
normalcy, of being able to go home after 8 or 10 hours, and drink a beer
and hang out, and not fucking have to justify why Tuesday and Thursday
evening Mass is held in at the softball fields off State Street, and why
the tithe funds are used to purchase time at the batting cages.  I
digress.

Room 228 sat on the northern side of a bank of six apartments, three
stacked on the left, three stacked on the right, common stairs in the
middle.  227 below and across the breezeway featured a thick golden
cross on the doorway, 226 directly below featured a seemingly handmade
wooden cross on its door in the form of two 2x4’s crudely screwed
together, one on top of the other, and 229’s door was covered in blue
masking taped crosses, dozens of them.  228’s in comparison, was bare, a
welcome mat out front, and no further character.

Three knocks.  Three knocks.  Behold, I stand at the door and knock, as
to paraphrase a book I read, or maybe that’s straight up plagiarism. 
It’s public domain, right?  The Lord understands, I thought.  Hospice
was one of the most demanding things I had to do, and such it was the
thing I cared for the least.  Always the same:  pleasantries, the
spouse, or children, or parent, will explain the story, the illness,
generally work back to a time of health, fondness, tears, comforting
words, give them the analogy of the boat and letting go and giving up,
explain the difference, prayer, hope, then I leave, and they forget, and
I see them again, maybe to repeat, maybe for Last Rites, maybe to bury
them.  I used to write the burials out, and now I can plug names and
hobbies in.  It used to be better.  Everything used to be better.

“Please…come in…and close the door, it will be dark.  Please.”  A
muffled voice from a barely cracked window to the right of the door,
spoken behind a black curtain, sounded like the same foreign woman’s
voice from last night.

“Very well, and thank you,” I said, and opened the door.

Sunlight flooded a small room, tiny in fact, perhaps more of a mudroom,
a rug, and several pairs of shoes, sandals, work boots, lay piled on to
the side of the door, and black coats hung across a blue shower rod. 
About four feet in front of the main entrance door, the room ended, a
closed black door offering the only evidence of an entryway to the rest
of the apartment.

“Shall I take my shoes off?” I asked, hesitant to close the door behind
me, for the room gave the appearance of a mudroom, it felt more like an
airlock for a space shape, or undersea facility I’d seen in the science
fiction movies I’d watch on nights without morning mass.  

“Ne…no…please close the door…” She sounded as if she was behind the
interior door now.

“It’s very dark,” I said, stifling annoyance, or something I didn’t wish
to register, perhaps apprehension, unfounded to me at that moment,
though in retrospect…

“There will be light, please close the door.”  Urgency now in the
woman’s voice.  Certain drugs cause sensitivity to light, and I’ve
worked with my share of junkies and burnouts, drunks, and recluses, and
most are the same, I thought.  They’re nice to holy men, odd always, but
rarely willing to conduct the ultimate act of damnation on the off
chance the ghost stories they’re told about sulphur and pitchforks turn
out to be true.  Not always though.  Some understand damnation, and see
no degrees of it, one can’t be half-pregnant, and one can’t be half
damned, so what’s one more gutted priest?  Push such things aside, the
Emperor protects, as does the Lord. 

The exterior door closed behind, a dwindling sliver of light, an
inverted sun dial, withering in the room.  

Click.  

Closed.  

My sun-bleached eyes strained to make sense of the void, but only a grey
haze filled my vision.  I knew then, perhaps, that something was wrong,
beyond merely off, beyond weird, beyond holy house call to a dying
junkie’s house on behalf of his…sister?  Wife?  Too afraid of being
caught to have fallen through the cracks, so they chose to jump into
them, into the shadows of the crevices, the surface cracks leave.  

My right hand darted backward, desperate to find the knob, the handle,
any means of opening the door once again.  It found cloth, and cold
rubbery skin, and bone and muscle and sinew and something wrapped itself
around my grasping hand, clenching the fingers together, mashing them
with force to indicate more force could be applied, a warning.

“Dankon patro,” a heavily accented voice of a man against my shoulder,
stated so close to my ear his breath should have tickled my ear drum. 
Where had he been?  Behind the door?  I tried to pull my hand back but
it held firm, extended, and I felt it move, guided from behind me to the
side, to my front, the entire time held firm, iron hard and steel cold. 
And then, in front of me, it moved, my hand, still extended, chest level
to waist level, one pump, two pumps, and yet more movement in the
darkness, a pressure against my cheek, the breeze as something pulled
away from my face, then returned to the other side.

“Bonvenon.” The male voice, in front of me, now, so close.

“‘Welcome,’ he say,” the female voice further in the darkness, yet not
muffled now.  My right hand still held against the pressure I applied,
the darkness so total I did not know what my left hand was doing,
perhaps searching for the door knob, perhaps searching for my phone, I
know not, I only wished it would help, to find a way to free its
sibling, and by extension, its owner.  “Excuse…him…he is, how do you
say…no familiar with dogano…customs of this land.” 

My attempts at reply faltered, air caught in my throat, wheezing like a
pin hole leak in an air mattress, a clarinet without a reed…and then I
was moving, jolted, jerked into the dark, lifted, tumbled, blind to the
floor, ceiling, walls, carried as a child, or a rescued patient,
pressure on my abdomen, blood flowing to my head, weightless feet,
draped I was like a blanket over a couch of cloth, yet moving, bouncing,
swaying, and feeling no more warmth from the thing carrying me than from
a bag of laundry.  Left turn, right, darkness.  

The darkness.  The God Damned darkness.  Bootheels on hardwood, muffled
sometimes, maybe rugs, hands brushing against a wall, textured
sheetrock, to tile, to wooden trim, through a threshold to…

Light, red, single bulb, submarine hues, and I spun again, lifted from
the shoulder of a massive man in black clothing, and stood, placed like
a child’s hitting T, and positioned, facing a bed.  A bed.  God, forgive
me, a bed.  

Ratchet strapped, one across legs, across stomach and wrists, against
shoulders, lay a man.  Black stains marred his chin and chest, grisly
and putrid against his light colored shirt.  A man?  No, a gibbering
thing, writhing and straining against the trucker’s straps, foul,
inhuman sounds erupted as noise equal to the dark bubbles of liquid from
its mouth.  The room smelled of copper and potting soil, tinged with
bleach and hydraulic fluid, and the thing, the man on the bed,
registered my abductor’s presence, and my own, and it fell silent.

As surely as St. Catherine died upon the wheel, the man’s eye’s widened,
and a grin, a grin, lo a grin full of blackened, inhuman, jagged broken
window’s glass teeth.  And it smiled.

“Ekzorcismo.”  The massive man beside me growled at me.  

A cold feminine hand wrapped around the nape of my neck. 
“Exorcism…please,” light and soft in my ear, the woman.  The man in the
bed laughed.  Giggling blood from his mouth and nose, writhing against
his restraints, socked toes curling and unfurling, kicking as a
delighted child, laughter.  Laughter inhuman, channeled from someplace
far distance, translated, and retold, reformed, stripped of amusement,
warmth stripped to sound.  It’s very tone a challenge, one I…

No, no, no.  No!  No!  God Damnit, no!  I’m not…I can’t…I tried to say,
try to catch the thoughts, to weave them into something to set myself
apart from the gibbering horror, now silent, smiling from atop the
fouled mattress.  

“This…this…isn’t my department…” I managed to sputter, mind rolling
through the dusted halls of my memory, seminary school, talks on demonic
possession, and hazy nights with friends, cold beers and clinking iced
glasses watching the Exorcist, or Constantine cartoons, or–

“You speak…for…how you say…your God, speak him.”  Cold fingers on my
chin, death cold, turning beckoning to meet the gaze of the woman at my
shoulder.  Red light washed on porcelain skin, dolls skin, devoid of the
blemishes, birthmarks, wrinkles, freckles, bathtub smooth, her eyes
locked on mine, square Dutch-angled pupils, their color tainted by the
red bulb.  I blinked, brain forcing my eyes to correct their error, to
turn the pupils round, to find a blemish, a laugh line, to file down and
shorten the canines I refused to call fangs, but they were fangs. 
Fangs!  Fangs, smiling behind parted dark painted lips.  

“Fathah!  Hey FATHAH!  Come to see the new kid, Fathah?!”  Slobbily
yelled from the man on the bed, wet and guttural, like a drunk at a Red
Sox game.  “Come for a taste?  Come to nip it in the bud, Fathah?!”

A cross hung around my neck, it was given to me by Father Callahan, the
man whose parish I took over a decade ago, it was a solemn thing that
day, hell, it was holy, the weight and authority of the Church
transferred unto a man, maybe that’s what marriage is, the faith of
institution, of two forming to one, bride and groom, priest and God, and
like a philandering married man spinning his wedding ring, I gripped the
cross in both my hands, knees meeting dirty carpet, head bowed, and I
prayed.  Are you there God?  It’s me, Margaret, I thought, no.  No.  The
right one, the one that starts with Our Father, that one.  

“Our Father, so…full of…grace…” I sputtered, and the room seemed to
rock.  Beside me the woman took to her knees, and the big man behind. 
Oh Jesus, they were praying.  These things were praying.  

“Forgive us today our…Hosannah…”  Shit, shit, get it together, you’ve
done this, you’ve done this 10,000 times, that’s what makes you an
expert, that’s all you do, is say the words, the–

“Hey Fathah!  Look at your planet’s future!”

I lifted my head, to witness the foul thing, and it lifted its own head,
jaw pinned to its chest it unrolled its tongue, like a vine, no, not
like a vine, a literal vine, leaves, darks berries, frothing from the
man’s mouth like foam from poorly poured stein.  Spreading, curling,
auguring into his skin and ripping out again, cross stitching flesh with
needle of wood and thread of leaves, twisting through porcelain smooth
skin and stained t-shirt fabric.  

“Ne!  Ne!”  The big man behind yelled, and with inhuman speed he was off
his knees and to his feet, shoving me down as he bolted to the
restrained man.  

Gibberish from the woman, like Spanish, or Latin, or Portuguese, but
not, she yelled as she rushed to her own feet and tried to restrain the
big man, who elbowed her away and sent her crashing to my already prone
position.  She landed atop me and struggled.

The yells came first.  The fanbelt squeak, the startled dog, rustling
leaves and bubble wrap popping, punctured meat and slick cuts.  

The woman was off me, and I lifted my head in time to see the big man
wrapped in vines, being pulled into a thicket of bramble in the
mattress, engulfing him into a green tumbleweed, cloth and porcelain
chunks and dark fluid tossed into the air like confetti, like dollar
bills at gentlemen clubs.  

The woman turned to flee, but a vine caught her, yanking, dragging to
the bed.  Those inhuman goat eyes met mine, hand grasping empty air,
willing my own hand to fill it to pull her back as…

Dear reader, I apologize, though I have been forthright with you to this
point, I believe it is too much for me to bear.  I will say I left. 
Alone.  Crashing through the fuligin room, apartment by feel, tumbling
through doors to light.  To light.  And down steps, to sidewalks, to the
street, to my Lincoln, against a tree beside, and I cried, tears of
shock, and pain, and misunderstanding, and failure, 20 years’ worth of
failure, and dreading another 20 years ahead…of knowing, that unknowing,
wishing…praying to God to forgive me, to take it back, take it all away,
take me away, to tell me what happened, and then erase it, to never
speak of this again, and never want to, blink without seeing the woman’s
face bloom flowing buds, and fruiting berries dropping from her skull,
for her to forgive my cowardice, was it cowardice?  Was it–

“Father, you look like you could use a dog, a fine frank to lift your
spirits, a fine dog, neither pig, nor pork, but a beef dog, the finest
in town!”  The hot dog man from earlier, straw boater hat, candy striped
shirt and matching vest, white pants.

“I’m OK, pal, thank you,” I mumbled, placing my head back into my hands,
counting blades of grass on the ground between the fingers.

“Well, I’ve seen a man that’s merely OK, and friend you aren’t it!  Your
God may cure the spirit, but nothing beats a good ol’ fashion frank to
cure the body!”  He held his hand out to me, like the woman had, and
this time I took it, and he lifted me to my feet with that sun-warm hand
of his.  

“Didn’t your God say you just need a mustard seed of faith?” He winked a
hazel eye below chestnut hair.  “Welllllll, Father, looks like you could
use a little extra, on the house.”

Paper boat, cradling a grilled hot dog and bun.  Slathered in yellow
mustard.  He placed it in my hand, and wandered back to his cart.  I
blinked, autopilot, guided by habit, to my car, to routine.  Driver’s
door opened, I placed the hot dog on the seat, and turned to look at the
apartment building across the street, got in my car, and sat on the hot
dog.
