Most people remember the 2007 mega-ship that went missing for a month
and washed up in Mexico pretty much empty. My fiancée knows I was
onboard (it’s easy enough to Google) but I’ve never told her what really
happened. When someone brings up the “Children’s Cruise” I usually just
make a joke or say something vague, but she’s not stupid, and last week
she officially asked me to tell her the whole story. I can’t talk about
it—honestly, I can barely think about it—but I felt like I owed her, and
maybe myself, the truth before we got married. So I sat down and wrote
out every detail, starting from the moment things went wrong. This is
what I ended up with. CW: self-harm.

“Good morning, this is your captain speaking. On behalf of the crew, I
want to wish you a warm, tropical welcome to day four aboard the Queen
Eclipse—another day at sea en route to beautiful Hawai’i. Great lineup
of activities today, a.m. bingo in the observation lounge and Marine
Life Discovery in the Kid Zone. Don’t forget the ABBA medley in the
grand concourse tonight. I know I’ll be there.

“We deviated slightly from our course last night after identifying a
small craft in the water. We were able to recover it. Turned out to be a
vintage life raft that seems to have been at sea for some time. Don’t
worry, there were no people—probably a test deploy, which we find
sometimes—but there was a personal object onboard that may be of
interest to any amateur archaeologists out there. Feel free to swing by
the crew deck if you want to take a look.

“Anywho, lunch will be served in the main dining room, dinner in La Lune
on deck six. And lastly, the Staff Captain has informed me that he is
under the weather this morning, so First Mate Paulson will take over
bridge duty from 2300 to 0700. Thank you, and enjoy another beautiful
day here in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.”

The PA clicked off and breakfast noise returned. Scraped silverware,
slapped flip-flops, screeched conversation. Four days in, and I was
ready to call it: cruises weren’t for me.

Don’t get me wrong, the company was top-shelf. The man at the buffet,
loading his plate like he was trying to get arm hair in every dish, the
woman walking past in a shirt that said KID ROCK HAS SEEN MY ASS, the
seven-year-old two tables down watching *The Departed* at full volume on
a Zune. Luminaries of the American endeavor, gathered at sea for what
was sure to be a rigorous exchange of ideas and E. coli.

I turned to my parents. “You guys think the captain actually goes to the
ABBA thing?”

“Who do you think plays Björn?” my dad said around a mouthful of eggs.

A dimple dented my mom’s cheek as she grinned at me. “You should hear
him sing SOS.”

“Hard pass,” I said. The doors swung open, and I craned my neck to get a
look at the far end of the dining room.

“You see your friends?” my mom asked.

“Observe, one teenager has been separated from the pack,” my dad said in
a nasal British accent. “Frightened and vulnerable, he must resort to
desperate measures, like talking to his parents.”

“I’m not looking for anyone!”

He just shrugged and stood up. “I like the one with the nose ring. She
seems fun.”

“Kurt, tell me you’re not going back to the buffet,” my mom said.

My dad raised his eyebrows. “Uh, yeah? It’s all-you-can-eat.”

“You don’t think you’re courting danger?”

“Courting danger?” We were sharing a table, and my dad turned to the
woman next to us. “That’s her nice way of saying she’s afraid I’m gonna
end up firing out both ends.”

“Kurt!” my mom said. As my dad walked away, she turned to me. “Your
friends do seem nice.” Her fingers picked at a saran-wrapped apple next
to a yogurt with the lid still on. She wore a sleeveless blouse under a
pale pink rain jacket, like she couldn’t decide if she was hot or cold,
and her smile looked precarious. Was she trying to convince me that I
was having fun, or herself?

My dad came back with a second plate—lo mein, sausage, and half a
grapefruit.

“Oh come on, Kurt. It’s nine o’clock in the morning. What are you
doing?”

“I’m expanding my palate,” he said. “Next I’m gonna try a Scotch egg.”
As he twirled his fork in the noodles, I watched a waiter with a tower
of chairs try to work his way around a man in a rash guard.

“Well, I’m glad to hear you’re open to new things.” My mom pulled the
day’s program from her bag. “Because I booked us a family spa day.”

I turned back to the table. “A what?”

“One o’clock,” she said. “All three of us.”

My dad brushed muffin crumbs out of his mustache. “What does a package
like that run?”

“It would’ve been free if you sprung for a suite.” She squared the apple
and yogurt in front of her.

He sighed. “Was I supposed to read your mind that you wanted a suite?”

“You weren’t supposed to read my mind, Kurt. You were supposed to read
my email. The one where I told you we needed a suite, ya know, so Evan
wouldn’t have to sleep in an armchair.”

My face flushed. Dad didn’t say anything, just shrank a little as he
tried and failed to dig out an edible chunk of grapefruit.

I guess that’s what you get for going on a cruise with divorced parents.

I’d thought it was a joke when they first told me. Or that I was dying
of cancer or something, and this was how they planned to break the news.
But no, after five years of divorce—five years of me trading semesters
between Denver and Boise—they assured me they’d enjoy nothing more than
a vacation “just the three of us.”

Dad lobbied for a cruise because “fun happens to you.” Towel animals
appear on your bed, there’s karaoke every night, nobody has to be in
charge. My mom had always been an overachiever, so she picked the
bloated itinerary. Fourteen days, Seattle to Hawaii and back, waterfall
hikes, a five-hundred-dollar jeep tour. We’d be sharing one cabin, so
they both swore up and down they’d be civil the whole time.

Or at least until the airport. Literally, they’d come to a full stop
while arguing about who had the passports, backing the jetbridge up so
bad a gate agent had to come see what the problem was.

They’d always fought like this, so I can’t say I was disappointed as
much as confused why they wanted to take a trip together in the first
place. But I was fifteen, what did I know? Maybe divorced parents did
this all the time. Besides, I had other things on my—

Across the room, I saw a flash of familiar red hair. “Gotta go,” I said,
already standing. “See you later.”

I threaded between tables, pretending I couldn’t hear my mom’s stammered
protests. A clean escape. I caught up with Brandon and his dad near the
long corridor that led aft. They both wore Tevas, Grateful Dead
t-shirts, and floppy safari hats.

“Evan, my man!” Brandon’s dad said. “You hear about that life raft? I
saw the Staff Captain haul it in last night! They thought maybe there
was a person inside, or a bundle of rags, but it was just…” He searched
the middle distance. “Stone. Like a stone statue.”

“What kind?” I asked, trying to make eye contact with Brandon. Had he
heard from Tyler? Were we still on for today?

“Didn’t get a good look,” his dad said, wrinkling his nose, which still
had a dollop of sunscreen on the tip.

The ground felt steady underfoot; the only way I could feel the ship
moving was through the occasional judder and a low, consistent pulse. It
sounded like my own heartbeat in my ears, and as we funneled down a
hallway of identical doors with brass number plates, I imagined my heart
was beating the whole ship.

Brandon’s dad’s nostrils flared. “Hey.” He sniffed once, then again. “Do
you guys smell—”

BAM!

He walked full-speed into the edge of a watertight doorframe, hitting it
so hard I felt the reverberation in my heels.

“Dad!” Brandon jumped to steady him.

“I’m fine,” he said through cupped hands. “Just—just a nosebleed.”

Blood mixed with sunscreen seeped through his fingers and dropped onto
the carpet in plunky dots. Brandon steadied him with one hand and waved
me on with the other. “Tyler said everyone’s meeting in room 4118. I’ll
be there soon.”

“Go ahead,” his dad said, muffled. “Go have fun.”

“No, Dad,” Brandon said. “Let’s get you back to the room.” I heard him
muttering “So embarrassing” all the way down the hall.

The kid who opened the door of room 4118 was small with bone-dry hair
plastered to the side of his head. He put a finger to his lips and waved
me inside a suite. Couch, bathtub, balcony. It smelled fresh, like clean
sheets and a citrus basket.

Everyone besides Brandon was already there. Jennie sat in front of a
white clamshell iBook, playing with her nose ring. Holly lay on the
couch, too long for it, feet hanging off the armrest. And Tyler stood in
the middle of the room, tan and golden-haired, wielding a bottle opener
like a teacher’s pointer.

“Two years ago,” he was saying, “I was like all of you. It was my first
cruise, and I didn’t know anyone. Enter Patrick. He’d been cruising with
his family for years. He took me under his wing and taught me the truth
about cruise friends.”

I found a patch of wall next to the desk. “Whose room is this?” I
whispered.

“Cory’s.” Jennie nodded at the mousy kid. “His family sits with Tyler’s
at dinner.” On the iBook, MySpace was slowly loading someone’s summer
camp photos.

“They say the first cruise was on the Mediterranean, thousands of years
ago, and even then there were kids on it. While their parents were
drinking wine and doing the limbo, they made a decision that would echo
through history. God damnit, they were gonna have some fun of their
own.”

We all cheered. Tyler loved the sound of his own voice, but he was
right. Four days ago none of us had known each other, and some force on
board drew us together anyway. Boredom probably. Plenty of things about
the cruise grossed me out—the hairiest-chest contest, the teen lounge
frequented exclusively by old men, the Zales inside a bar—but this
little group wasn’t one of them. I wasn’t sure I’d call them friends,
but they made me laugh.

“Cory, big dog.” Tyler tapped the mini-fridge with his bottle opener.
“Bring ’em out.”

Cory went pink. “I didn’t think you’d actually—”

Tyler shrugged and opened the fridge himself. Circles of green glass
lined the top shelf, and he pulled one out, holding it to the light like
a jeweler.

Holly sat up. “Are those—”

“Champagne. They leave one here for Cory every night.” Tyler frowned at
the opener, set it down, and started untwisting the wire cage around the
cork.

“During dinner, I think. It just comes with the—” Cory gestured vaguely
around him “—the suite.”

“But you’re like… thirteen.”

“And yet I don’t look a day over ten,” he said. His protest had gone on
for about eight seconds. Now he was lining up glasses on the counter.

Tyler worked the cork out carefully. “Without further delay, I give you
the primary activity of cruise friends, passed down through the
generations all the way from those Mediterranean kids to you. An honored
tradition, a noble lineage, a—”

“A class three felony,” Jennie said.

“—a sacred rite: underage drinking!” The cork popped across the room.

When I cheered this time I meant it. Tyler had been scheming to get
booze since the day we met, and this was the first time we’d succeeded.

My parents never drank, which was kind of an advertisement. Maybe they
went easy on me out of guilt, or maybe they just weren’t paying
attention, but by that point I’d gotten away with it twice. Once on warm
beer and once on peach schnapps, both times alone in a garage. Sharing
cold champagne in a suite was definitely an upgrade.

Jennie accepted two glasses and passed one to me. “Cheers,” she said.

Cory took a glass and paced, nodding when Holly asked if he was all
right. It was hard to ignore how red his face had gotten.

Not for Tyler, who raised his glass. “To being in international waters!”

There was a quick knock, and the door opened.

A man in a crisp white jacket stepped in. He was blond, surprisingly
young, and wore a slight smile that didn’t dim at the sight of the
bottle or the glasses in our hands.

“Hey Magnus,” Cory said.

“Mr. Cory, I am sorry. Someone has complained of a smell in the hallway.
I do not believe you are responsible, but I must clean the room anyway.”

“Uh,” Cory’s eyes floated to Tyler. “Okay?”

“Fine with us,” Tyler said. He moved toward the door, bottle in hand.
Magnus stepped sideways into his path, still wearing that slight smile.

Tyler looked at the bottle. He looked at Magnus. With a grimace, he set
it back on the countertop. “Sure,” he said. “Whatever. But we’re coming
back in twenty minutes.”

The rest of us set our glasses down next to it.

“It is no problem,” Magnus said, holding the door for us. “Twenty
minutes.”

We regrouped on an empty deck. After half an hour, Cory went to check
the suite and came back almost immediately. Magnus had removed every
green bottle. *Damn.*

No one said anything for a while. We just watched the ocean below, flat
and metallic, as a vortex of black and white birds dive-bombed the
boat’s wake.

Tyler kicked his feet up on the railing. “Then there’s only one thing to
do. I hoped it wouldn’t come to this, but we need to engage… the
Scorpion.”

He stared at us until someone asked, “What’s the Scorp—”

“One of this ship’s legends. They say on a single deck, in a single bar,
there’s a single—”

“Oh god, no more speeches.” Jennie’s head fell back against the bench.

Tyler put his hands up. “Fine. At one of the pool bars there’s a
bartender with a scorpion tattoo. If you order something simple he’ll
serve you—no ID, no questions.”

“Why are we just hearing about this?” Jennie asked.

“Because it’s risky,” Tyler said. “The main deck is the busiest place on
the ship, and anyway, I haven’t—”

“You’ve never actually done it,” I finished.

“Patrick’s sister had a suitcase full of wine coolers. But listen, if
the Scorpion still works there, this pool bar is our only chance. We
have to at least try.” He looked around the loose circle until he had
nods from Jennie, Holly, Cory, and finally me. At least it was a plan.

“Then it’s settled.” Holly stood up. “We stake out the pool bar until
the Scorpion shows. And should we find Brandon? I haven’t seen him all
day.”

We were halfway to the stairs when a hand landed on my shoulder. I
flipped around expecting a crisp white uniform—Magnus, or the captain,
or someone else whose job it was to prevent fun.

“There you are,” my dad said, out of breath. “Come on. We gotta go.”

I frowned as Tyler and Jennie disappeared down the stairs. “Go? Go
where?”

“Don’t you remember? It’s family spa day.”

The stones were too hot to get wet. When the bald man poured water over
them, it skittered around in hissing beads before disappearing into a
wave of heat that swung around the narrow cedar sauna. The man settled
back into his corner and spread his arms along the top rail, not looking
at my parents and me crammed onto a single bench.

My dad turned to my mom. “Did they say when we pick it up?”

“Pick what up?”

“The gold bar that comes with this package,” he said. “I just assume
based on the price.”

I tried to laugh along with him, which just made the joke seem even less
funny.

My mom was past pretending. “You know, Kurt, if you’re so worried about
money, you could always sell that old house. Probably worth quite a bit
at this point.”

The man sniffed. Then he sniffed again, longer, like he was trying to
place something. “God,” he said to no one. “These ships are going
downhill. They barely clean ’em.”

My dad let the interruption pass. When he spoke, the bit was gone from
his voice. “Shirl, it’s the house I grew up in. It’s the house we
started our family in. I’m not getting rid of it.”

“You think Boise is the right place for Evan to get an education? To get
culture?”

“Right. I forgot the only place Evan could possibly get an education is
Denver, in a house with a sky-high mortgage.”

The man sniffed again, exaggerated, angry. “I’m serious. Smells like
shit in here.”

I inhaled carefully through my nose, the way you do when you’re figuring
if milk has gone bad. The cedar heat scorched my nose hairs, but I
couldn’t smell anything else. Anything off.

“I can afford my house,” my mom said.

“I’m sure you can. That’s one of the perks of working ninety hours a
week.”

Her response came too quickly. “Somebody has to.”

My dad slammed his palm against the wood bench. “God damnit! You think I
wanted to shut down the shop?”

Nobody moved for a few seconds. Then the man stood up. Again the
CA-THUNK of the ladle in the wooden bucket, again the hiss. This time he
didn’t go back to his corner; he stayed on his feet, staring at the bent
air above the stones.

My mom turned to me like she’d just remembered I was there. It wasn’t
even the fragility of her smile that made me sad, it was the brightness
she tried to put into it. “Let’s not talk about houses right now. I
wanted today to be nice. It’s Evan’s first cruise! Are you having fun,
sweetie? Honestly?”

My first instinct was to tell her I would be, as soon as I got my hands
on a cold one.

My second instinct was to really piss her off. To tell her I hated the
cruise. I hated the furniture, the food, the people. And most of all I
hated being wedged between her and my dad, feeling constantly
humiliated, and having no idea why we were even there.

“Yeah,” I said. “It’s fun—”

My mom lunged out, grabbing the man’s wrist. “What are you doing?”

He had been reaching through the stove’s metal housing. His hand was
less than an inch from a glittering stone when she stopped him, and for
a moment he held it there, fingers splayed like he still wanted to grab
it.

“What?” he said. He stared back at her, then blinked a few times and
pulled his arm away slowly. She didn’t let go of his wrist until it was
safely back at his side.

The ship shuddered a little. I tried to swallow, but there was something
in my throat. My mom stood and wrapped her towel tight. “Let’s go.”

The glass door swung shut behind us, and as we filed into the slippery
corridor, my dad cleared his throat. “He must not have gotten his gold
bar either.”

It was dark by the time I shook my parents loose and found Tyler and the
others at a table on the main deck. They’d been staking out the bar all
afternoon, but nobody had seen so much as a pincer. Around us the
nightly party was cranking up. The daytime chaise lounges had been
stacked away and replaced with up-lights, a fog machine, and a cringey
DJ.

Tyler, Holly, and Cory kept strolling past the bar, checking each
bartender’s forearm, which left me and Jennie alone at the table.

“So how was family spa day?” she asked with a grin.

“Relaxing.” I stared down at my ice water. “Who am I kidding? It was a
nightmare. My parents are kinda a mess.”

“Join the club.” She laughed. “You know this is my third cruise since
May?”

“Really? Why?”

“My one dad gambles, and my other dad has to watch him so he doesn’t
spend my college fund. So… this is my summer.”

“Damn,” I said. “Listen, maybe he’ll win one of these days. Then you’ll
have your own suite and your own Magnus.”

Jennie didn’t iron her hair flat, and her mop of short brown curls
gleamed purple and blue in the up-lights. “Let me put it this way. We go
on cruises because he’s not welcome at the casinos anymore. Honestly, at
this point he’s barely welcome in Connecticut.”

“Okay, so no Magnus,” I said. “So what would you be doing right now if,
y’know, it were up to you?”

Now she stared at her own ice water. “I’m supposed to be at camp,” she
said. “I’ve never missed a summer before, but I checked MySpace in
Cory’s room, and it looks like everyone’s having the time of their lives
without me. Danielle probably already gave Todd a handjob. I was going
to give Todd a handjob.”

“Hey, we all wish we could give Todd a handjob every now and then.”

She laughed, and it turned into a gasp. “Oh my god, I have to tell you
what else I saw on MySpace.”

“What?”

She jerked her head towards the bar, where Cory was doing another flyby.
“He made us all his Top Eight,” she said.

“Who, Cory? No way.”

“I’m serious. Tyler’s number one.”

“That’s insane!” I let out a loud, involuntary laugh. Truth was, I
couldn’t even remember who was in my Top Eight. I’d stopped updating it
in all the back-and-forth between Boise and Denver.

When the search party got back to the table, I threw an arm around Cory
and Jennie pinched his cheek. “You’re a good guy, Cory,” she said.

He smiled, then looked suspicious. I turned to Holly. “Any luck?”

“None.” She sighed. “No sign of the Scorpion anywhere.”

“He’ll be here,” Tyler said. “It’s only nine o’clock.”

“It’s nine?” Cory wrenched himself out from under my arm. “We should
bail. I’m pretty sure my parents are coming here after the ABBA thing.”

“Mine too,” said Holly.

“Come on, he’ll be here,” Tyler repeated, glancing over his shoulder.

Jennie turned to me. “I think we’ve both earned a drink today. So here’s
the deal, you go ask the bartender where the Scorpion is, and I’ll go
find somebody who’ll buy for us. Hopefully one of us gets lucky.”

“Deal,” I said. We shook hands and she disappeared into the crowd.

Well, here goes nothing. I slid off my stool and went to the bar, where
a tired-looking bartender in transition lenses was clearing empty
glasses. “What can I do for you?”

“Isn’t there another bartender?” I said. “The guy with the scorpion
tattoo?”

The bartender’s eyes narrowed. “You talking about Lee? That bastard.”

I forced a laugh. “Uh-oh.”

“I like the guy, but he called out last minute, which leaves me working
a double. And I’m not the only one, either. Like half the ship staff
called out. Anyway, what do you need Lee for?”

“Well, I heard he might be willing to, uh… help people out. With stuff.”
That sounded worse. “Not stuff. Just, like, things. For people who maybe
aren’t—”

“Listen, kid, I don’t have all day. You gonna order a drink or what?”

I blinked a couple times, waiting to see if he would yank the football
away. He didn’t. “Really? Like… alcohol?”

He glanced at all the people lining up by the far register. “Kid, I’m
gonna be pouring drinks until six a.m. in this smelly-ass bar. I don’t
care about anything anymore. So if you order a drink in the next five
seconds, I’ll pour it for you. If not, get lost.”

“Uh, a Jack and Coke?” I said. “Two Jack and Cokes?”

“You got it.”

He took my ten dollar bill, no change. The drinks finished off the
whiskey; he dropped the bottle in the trash, pour-cap and all, grabbed
an empty milk crate, and pushed through a door marked CREW ONLY.

And then it was just me and two drinks, sweating on the bar in plastic
cups, brown and fizzy and, somehow, mine. I’d finally done it.

“Evan?”

I spun around. My mom stood right behind me. “What are you doing here? I
thought you were with your friends.”

“I am,” I said. I put an elbow on the bar, very much not looking at the
two Jack and Cokes that belonged to some stranger who’d be back any
second.

“Well, have you seen your father? I turned around for one minute and he
vanished.”

“Um, yeah,” I said slowly. “Isn’t that him right there?” I pointed down
the bar. As we watched, he leaned into a woman with highlighted hair,
whispered something in her ear, and moved his hand to the small of her
back.

My mom grabbed my hand and pulled me in their direction. “Hey Kurt, what
are you up to?” she asked, danger in her voice.

The woman ducked out from under my dad’s arm and melted into the crowd
before he’d finished straightening up. “I was just checking out the
party,” he said, his voice a little hoarse.

“You were just checking out the party,” my mom said, “or you were
checking out her?”

My dad blinked. “What?”

“Oh my god.”

“So now I can’t even talk to someone?”

“Oh, you can talk to her. You can do whatever you want with her. I bet
she loves Boise—”

“Shut up, shut up, shut UP!” I exploded. “I’m so sick of this. Why even
go on vacation together if you’re gonna fight the whole time? Newsflash,
you’re divorced! You don’t have to do this. No one expects you to get
along. But you try and you try, and all it does is keep all of us
miserable. Well, I’m done with it. I’m fucking done.”

“Hold on, Evan,” my dad said. “It’s not that simple—”

I couldn’t stand it for another second. I ripped my hand out of my mom’s
and plunged into the crowd.

It took a few minutes to find the others. Jennie was there, face blank,
which told me she hadn’t had any luck either.

“I don’t know about you guys,” I said. “But I’m getting pretty sick of
striking out. It’s time to do something drastic.”

I led them to the far end of the bar and pointed at the door marked CREW
ONLY. By then my parents were gone, I assumed back in the cabin
fighting. A waiter banged out the door with a tray of glasses, and
behind him, for a second, we all saw a long service hallway disappearing
into the ship’s guts.

“That’s where they keep the booze,” I said.

“How do you know?” Holly asked.

“It’s where the bartender went when he ran out of Jack.”

“What if he sees us?” Cory swallowed.

“You think he’s gonna see us?” I tipped my head toward the bartender,
who was mixing three drinks at once. “Half the staff called out sick
tonight, and he’s running this whole party by himself. There’s nobody
back there. All we have to do is get in, get one bottle, and get out.
It’ll take ninety seconds tops.”

“I don’t know,” Tyler said with a frown.

“Come on! Now you want to chicken out?” I yanked at the door. It swung
open easily, and I held it while they decided.

Jennie went without a word, but her face looked paler than usual. I was
still too angry to wonder why. Holly and Tyler followed, and Cory came
last.

“You sure about this?” he asked. I nodded and let the door swing closed
behind us.

The crew side looked more like a ship—gray floors, metal edges, exposed
pipes, a bubble mirror at every corner reflecting the next distorted
hallway.

“You okay?” I whispered to Jennie.

“The lady I asked to buy for us,” she said. “She told me sure, no
problem. Then she tried to pry open my beer with her teeth.”

“People do that all the time,” Tyler said. “It’s a trick.”

“That’s the thing. She couldn’t do it. At first, the cap wouldn’t budge
no matter how hard she bit. The neck of the bottle kept clinking against
her teeth, and her face got redder and redder. Eventually the cap
started to bend, but then her hand slipped and there was this loud
CRACK, and I’m pretty sure she broke her front tooth.”

“Gross,” said Holly.

“But the craziest part is she didn’t stop after that. She just tried
again with the broken tooth. I said, you know what, that’s okay, and
went to find you guys.”

Nobody spoke as we passed a food-prep station: two coffee urns, drained
and rinsed, a cold cut slicer on a cart, and a sheet-pan rack with a few
trays missing.

“Maybe she was just drunk,” Holly finally said.

“I don’t know,” I said. “People have been off today. Some guy in the
sauna tried to reach into the stove, and he didn’t seem drunk.”

“But we’re about to be!” Tyler said, snapping his fingers like he was
packing dip. We’d come to the propped-open door of a room labeled
ALCOHOL STORAGE. We piled inside, where steel cages were stacked with
everything we’d been dreaming about, Mike’s Hard Lemonade, Smirnoff Ice,
even Bud Light.

“Jackpot,” Holly said, reaching for the door to the first cage. A
padlock held it shut.

“No,” Tyler said, rattling another. “They’re locked?”

Cory put both feet up on a third cage and pried with all of his
eighty-five pounds. “We’ve—come—too—far!”

“Shh!” I said.

Footsteps echoed down the hallway outside. Cory froze with both feet
still on the cage.

The door swung open, and the bartender who had served me swaggered in.
The room wasn’t big, there was nowhere to hide, and we wouldn’t have had
time anyway. So we just stood there, caught.

He threw a towel to the ground and roared, “Fuck!”

“Sorry, we got lost—” Tyler started, but the bartender ignored him and
made for the nearest cage.

He walked right past Holly, whose eyes bounced from mine to Jennie’s,
inches away from him. Was he pretending not to see us?

“It smells like dogshit in here,” he muttered, as he dug in his pocket
for a key, jammed it into the cage, and pulled out two tall bottles of
Grey Goose. “Smells like dogshit everywhere.”

Hands full, he tried to kick the cage shut without taking the key out.
The door rebounded and smashed into his forehead, knocking his glasses
to Holly’s feet. He grunted a little, but it was somehow the
happiest-sounding noise he’d made the whole time. Then he spun around
and left, never even acknowledging us.

For a second we stayed frozen. “What the hell just happened?” Jennie
said.

“He didn’t even see us.” I stared at the door.

“Do you guys smell anything?” Holly asked. “Everyone keeps talking about
this awful smell, but I don’t smell anything.”

“Me neither,” Cory said. “Do you think something’s wrong with the ship?”

I inhaled. Nothing, just metal and bleach.

“Who cares,” Tyler said, excitement creeping into his voice. “Who cares
about any stupid smell? We did it!” He raised both arms like he’d just
witnessed a holy miracle.

The cage door still hung open.

Without thinking, we swarmed it, grabbing what we could. Mostly
individual Mike’s, beers, and wine in a can. I made myself forget about
the bartender and the phantom smell as I stowed two Red Stripes in my
cargo shorts.

We left the storage room and stood for a second in the hallway, where it
was quiet except for the bass bleeding in from the party outside. There
was a faint hiss as Cory cracked open a Mike’s.

He looked as surprised as anyone. “What?” he said, taking a sip. “I’m
sick of waiting.”

“Hell yeah,” Tyler said, opening his own. I accepted another from Holly
and twisted off the top. The first sip was warm and sweeter than soda,
but underneath the sugar something tasted like gasoline. I imagined I
could already feel it as a tingle at the top of my head.

Now all we had to do was reach the main deck. We sipped as we walked,
checking the mirrors at each corner, but we didn’t see anyone. I knew we
wouldn’t. All night the ship had been taking things away from us, but
this time we’d finally won—

Snick.

At one of the last corners, Tyler stuck his arm out to stop us. “Wait,”
he whispered. The snick sound came again. Then again. It sounded
medical, almost. Steady, patient, intentional. We all looked up into the
bubble mirror.

Down the next hall, small and warped in the reflection, the bartender
stood hunched over the cold cut slicer like he was trying to hear its
heartbeat. For a moment my brain refused to translate what I was seeing,
desperate to make it into something else, a trick of light, a man fixing
his machine.

But his cheek was pressed too close to the slanted metal face, and his
arm worked the carriage back and forth in a calm, mechanical motion.
Snick. Snick. Snick.

Cory made a small noise and I swallowed hard. I don’t remember who
started running first, but soon we were all rounding the corner
together, heading directly for the bartender.

“Hey!” Tyler yelled. “Stop!”

The bartender didn’t look up. Another slice of translucent cheek fell
into the pile.

I realized I was going to get there first and lunged forward, driving my
shoulder into his chest. We tumbled to the ground, and as the
bartender’s thin cheek brushed my face it tore like paper. His tongue
forced its way out sideways, widening the hole as it thrashed less than
an inch from my eye.

“Help!” someone screamed.

After what felt like way too long, a pair of strong hands reached down
and yanked me up.

“Get off him!” a woman’s voice shouted. “Jesus, what did you do?”

“We didn’t do anything! He’s the one who was slicing his face!” Tyler’s
voice broke on the last word.

The strong hands belonged to a tall chef. “Slicing his what?” She caught
sight of the whittled cheek. “Holy shit. Let’s get him some air.”

She half-walked, half-dragged the bartender around a corner and through
a heavy wooden door with a porthole window. We followed, mostly because
we didn’t know what else to do. I still had to hold up my waistband
against the extra weight of the Red Stripes.

We emerged onto a narrow deck where I could hear the churn of water
flowing along the edge of the ship, black and loud. The night air cooled
my forehead.

The bartender slumped like an open sack of laundry, and the chef grabbed
his shirt collar. “Jesse,” she said. “Jesse, look at me. Are you okay?”

I tried not to look at the dark spot on Jesse’s cheek by focusing on his
wide, animal eyes. When he blinked, one of them didn’t close all the way
because part of the lid had been shaved off, and my stomach lurched like
a car popping into gear.

“Hey, Jesse!” the chef tried again. “What’s going on man? What happened
to your face? You have a few drinks tonight?”

The bartender only groaned, but then he held out his palm in a
give-me-a-second gesture. With what looked like a mind-bending effort,
he stood. He stayed on his feet, but his head hung forward, rolling from
side to side like he was trying to soothe a sore neck.

“Come on, man. You’re scaring me a little here.”

Jesse staggered forward and fell against the railing. After a minute he
seemed steadier, and he raised his head enough to see the water.

“What’s wrong with him?” Holly whispered. “Why did he do that to
himself?”

The chef turned to face us. “You tell me. You were the only ones back
there. You know that’s a restricted area?”

My eyes stayed glued to Jesse, who jerkily lifted one leg.

“It wasn’t us,” Holly said. “He did it to himself! We saw it.”

“Then you should have stopped him. He’s a good guy,” the chef said. “And
the stress probably got to him. All he needs is a bandaid and a night
off.”

“It smells…” Jesse moaned as his foot found the railing. “Dogshit…”

“A bandaid?” Jennie got in the chef’s face. “He needs a doctor.
Something is seriously wrong with him. We were in the same room and he
didn’t even see us.”

As he levered himself up, Jesse began to lean forward.

“Hey,” I said too quietly.

“What do you mean he didn’t see you? And is that alcohol on your
breath?”

“What does it matter?” Jennie nearly screamed.

“Okay, here’s what’s gonna happen.” The chef said. “We’re gonna go find
your parents, and—”

“Hey!” I shouted, as Jesse’s other foot left the ground and he pitched
forward over the railing.

The chef was there, hooking one arm around Jesse’s torso and hauling him
back onto the deck. They collapsed together and the bartender lay still,
a trickle of drool running through the hole in his cheek.

“Jesse,” the chef shouted. “What the fuck, man?”

“Oh my god,” Jennie said.

I exhaled and didn’t breathe in again, as if empty lungs might somehow
make it okay that this guy had just tried to kick the bucket in front of
me. At least he didn’t, I thought, but it wasn’t much comfort. What
about next time, when no one was there to stop him?

My answer fell from the deck above, curved silently down, and hit the
water with a splash so loud I heard it over the engines. Piece by piece,
my brain assembled the shape into a name. Knee brace, curly hair, rash
guard.

“Man overboard!” Cory shouted. “Where are the life jackets?”

We shot to the railing, but there was no sign of the man. The ship was
moving so fast.

When the next body fell, I recognized the t-shirt that said KID ROCK HAS
SEEN MY ASS. The woman from breakfast plummeted into the water, arms at
her sides, and disappeared.

Someone screamed. To my right, Tyler whispered, “Jesus Christ.”

Crumpled figures started dropping on either side of us. An old hippie
with bare feet and long gray hair, a young man in a crisp white butler’s
jacket, another with muttonchops and a scar on his neck. That one didn’t
clear the lifeboats, and he hit one of the orange hulls like a wet rug
before sliding into the water.

I felt my gorge rise. It tasted like lemonade.

We all took off in different directions. I passed a glassed-in
basketball court and a bank of elevators. I ran so fast my lungs burned,
but my steps were almost soundless on the maroon carpet.

In my head, a blank space tried to eclipse the memory of what I’d just
seen, and I was tempted to let it. What was happening? Some kind of mass
suicide pact? The woman with the beer bottle hadn’t been trying to kill
herself, so maybe dying wasn’t even the point, just the eventual
consequence. I shuddered. It seemed to be spreading. Was something doing
it to them, a gas in the vents, some government experiment? Was that the
smell? Then why couldn’t I smell it, or any of my friends? All I knew
for sure was that I wanted to be somewhere safe, somewhere away from
dangerous, erratic strangers. And that my parents would know what to do.

Soon the ship’s central atrium opened above me, a hanging sculpture of
warm light and uneven acrylic tubes. I went down a level, two steps at a
time, holding my shorts up as the Red Stripes clunked against my
kneecaps. What had I wanted those for? It felt like a million years ago.

The hallway on my deck was empty, with smooth jazz drifting from wall
speakers. When I found our room, my hands shook so hard I couldn’t pull
out the keycard. The door opened from inside.

“Hey squirt,” my mom said. “We were starting to worry about you.”

I pushed past her into the room, where I found Dad splayed on the bed
with the TV on.

“Hey bud.” He sat up a little. “You all right?”

The relief grew with every ragged gasp. They were still here.
“Something’s happening,” I said. “On the deck, people are—”

“Sit down, catch your breath,” my mom said. The cramped cabin didn’t
have places for both of us to sit, so she climbed onto the bed in her
capris. “We need to talk about what you said at the party.”

“Yeah, we shouldn’t have kept you in the dark.” My dad muted the TV.
“You were right, nobody expects a divorced couple to go on vacation
together.”

I blinked, confused. “That doesn’t matter. We have to get off this
ship—”

“The thing is,” my mom said, “we might not be a divorced couple much
longer.”

“—first Brandon’s dad ran into this doorframe, and it seemed like an
accident, but now I think maybe he did it on purpose. And you remember
the guy in the sauna—” I froze. “Wait, what?”

“That’s right.” My dad nodded. “We’re getting back together, son. That’s
why we planned this trip.”

“We were gonna wait and tell you in Hawai’i, but we were so excited, we
figured why not just get it out in the open!”

I sank into the armchair where I’d been sleeping and dug my fingers into
the armrests.

My dad turned to my mom. “Once we decide on a place in Boise—”

“Or Denver!”

“—we’ll all move into the same house and be a family again. Isn’t that
amazing?”

I pictured myself in the Denver Airport, an eleven-year-old flying alone
for the first time. I stood at a cold glass window and watched the
planes refuel, thinking how much I would give just to hear my parents
say exactly this. To remake our home and claw me back from the chasm
between them.

But hearing it now, I just felt sad. It reminded me of something from
science class, how space is expanding, so we’re always getting farther
away from each other. That distance had become my home, had become all
of ours, and to say anything else would be a lie. Maybe that was bad, I
didn’t know. What kind of kid is glad his parents split up?

Before I could figure out how to say any of this, my mom’s smile
slipped, and she looked around the cabin. “What is that?”

“What is what, dear?” my dad said, watching the silent TV.

She just wrinkled her brow and tilted her head like a dog.

“Do you hear something?” I stood up and checked the peephole. No one
outside.

“No,” she said. “Nothing. Must have imagined it.”

“That’s good,” I said. “Now, I know you guys don’t believe me, but we
need to stay in here. And we should probably barricade the door. Dad,
you move the chair and the table, I’ll see if the bed is bolted down.”

“There it is again,” my mom said, her nostrils flaring. “You guys aren’t
getting that?”

“Getting what?” I asked.

“That smell,” she said. “Something smells truly awful.”
