At five years old I had the first dream I can remember. I had to leave.
My whole family did: my parents, my sister, me, and my baby brother. In
real life, though, I didn’t have a brother. It was just me and Ellie, my
sister. I didn’t know why we were leaving or where we were going. But
the part of the dream that scared me the most was that we were leaving
the baby behind. We had to. He lay idly in his crib while the four of us
made our way to the garage. No belongings packed. The small,
single-story house left exactly as it always was…but I knew we wouldn’t
be back. The plain white door leading into our garage loomed just past
the living room. We opened it to find the train waiting for us, right
where the garage should have been.

On the account of my parents, the age of five was when my night terrors
peaked. . About once every week or two, I would wander around the house
in the middle of the night screaming, eyes wide open, my pupils
ridiculously dilated. I was inconsolable, and I was not awake. The best
way my mom could describe it was like I was being possessed. It happened
often enough that she went to the doctor about it, but, of course, they
couldn’t do much except advise her on how to handle them: remain calm,
don’t try to wake him, make sure he doesn’t crack his head while he
thrashes around in fear

Ellie was surprisingly well composed whenever I had my episodes, despite
being just 9 years old (and despite the torturous screaming that would
surely freak out any kid her age). She would often watch silently with
my parents as I paraded around the house like a demonic, headless
chicken. Mom even thought that having Ellie around seemed to make the
terrors end quicker.

The last true night terror I ever had was different. Mom—who slept very
lightly that year given my interruptions—heard me shuffling around in
the living room at two in the morning, but there was no screaming or
panic. She left her bedroom to find me standing silently, absently
staring at the door to the garage. She said my name, and I turned to
face her, locking eyes.

“Late for train”  was all she heard me say before I turned back to the
door, apparently showing no interest in trying the handle. Mom stood
there for a moment, unsure what to do. Ellie came out of her room then,
walked up to me, and took my hand.

“Not yet,” she said. She led me back to my room while I did nothing to
protest, never saying another word. As with all my night terrors, I went
right back to sleep and woke up in the morning with no recollection of
what had happened.

Around the time I turned six, my parents announced that a baby was on
the way: the third installment to complete our family. Although the
typical night terrors were behind me by then, I began acting weird while
I was awake. It is worth noting that most of this comes from my own
memory now.

Several nights, I woke up to the thunderous roar of an approaching
subway train, followed by the piercing squeal of brakes under a heavy
load. We didn’t live near any tracks, so after looking out my window and
finding nothing, I checked the only other place I could think of: the
garage, where I found the same result.

Like a lot of boys my age, I had my fair share of train playsets, but I
began insisting that I play with them in the garage, where I would use
the two steps in front of the door as an imaginary boarding platform.
While my parents were skeptical at first, keeping a close eye on me,
they quickly determined it was harmless and would leave me to my
business out there.

Five months into Mom’s pregnancy, I had an awful nightmare that left my
skin ice cold and my eyes damp. I played no role in the dream except as
an observer, like a static trail camera tied to a tree to record
wildlife. The white garage door framed her perfectly, so she was little
more than a silhouette. She was looking to her right, smiling (at
someone I presume). She wore her favorite black dress, and a navy-blue
purse hung on her left shoulder. She seemed to say her goodbyes, and as
soon as she opened the door, which revealed an arched ceiling and old
concrete walls instead of our two-car garage, it felt as if the world
itself were contracting and screaming in terror. She stepped over the
threshold, and there was a deafening roar and the wail of a horn that
shook the Earth, followed by a continuous blur that contorted her body
and flung it out of sight. As I jolted awake, all I could think about
was the distant sound of a baby crying.

As time went on, my paranoia only grew. Sometimes I would plead with Mom
not to have the baby.

“You can’t be the youngest forever,” she said one time.

Another time, I got a good scolding after I scared off Phoebe, our
babysitter. I played with my trains in the garage and simulated people
being run over, all while trying to convince her to convince Mom not to
have the baby. We never saw Phoebe again.

Finally, Mom sat me down one day for a serious conversation asking why I
was so opposed to the idea of a younger brother (the baby being
confirmed as a boy by then). But all I did was mumble some nonsense
about trains and tunnels. I even led her to the garage, but neither her
nor I really knew what I was trying to show her. When my dad held me for
something similar, this time a “man-to-man” conversation (as if that
meant very much to a six-year-old), I finally gave in, realizing that my
pleas weren’t working. I responded to the majority of his questions with
a simple “I don’t know,” choosing to agree with his assumptions about me
rather than try to explain what was going through my head. At the end of
the day, I didn’t fully understand it myself.

It was around 8 o’clock on a Tuesday when Mom’s water broke as we were
sat on the living room sofa watching a movie. My dad promptly called
over Julie, our neighbor from across the street, to come watch Ellie and
I for the night. I was a mess. I screamed and cried, literally clinging
to Mom’s leg, begging her not to go. Ellie wasn’t as much comfort to me
that time. She sat silently on the couch, but I could tell she was
crying. Julie had to physically hold me back as my parents left. My dad
threw a joke at her about how I would be so happy to have a little
brother in no time. I was just terrified of what I would see when they
opened the garage door.

When Julie sent Ellie and I to bed later, a light storm had started, and
I fell asleep to the tapping of raindrops on my bedroom window, dried
tears still staining my cheeks. I woke up to a massive crack of thunder.
It faded into a low rumble, but the noise showed no sign of fading.
After maybe a minute, it grew louder. The sound continued to amplify
until I could no longer hear my own heavy breathing as I sat paralyzed
in bed. Then there was the screeching, so intense that I had to cover my
ears. After a moment, I removed my hands to complete silence. Then the
crying started. Not from me, not from Ellie’s room. It came from
somewhere else in the house. It was a baby’s cry.

I slowly lifted myself from the bed and crept towards my door, just
cracking it open. I peered down the hall, where I could see that a dim
light from the kitchen counter barely revealed the shapes of furniture
in the living room, where the sound seemed to originate. The crying
carried on, so I cautiously continued my approach. Julie was sleeping on
the couch, where she was initially just a darker spot in my vision. As I
got closer, I saw she was curled up in a fetal position, and the crying
was coming from exactly where she lay. Finally, when I was close enough
for a detailed look, she turned towards me. Her face was horribly
contorted in an ugly cry, and her features were all wrong, like I was
staring at the face of an infant on a grown woman’s body. The crying was
certainly that of an infant. I felt tears of my own forming and yelled
in fear as I fell back on the floor. I quickly righted myself and ran to
the only place I felt I would be safe. I fumbled with the garage door
handle, finally pulling it open, never taking my eyes off the living
room.

I stepped down and yanked the door shut. I caught my breath for a second
and turned to the right, where I saw old concrete walls and an arched
ceiling forming an endless tunnel that faded into black. Only the area
where I stood seemed to be illuminated by a soft yellow glow that I
didn’t quite know the source of. Turning to my left, I was greeted with
a solid wall only a couple feet away. Finally turning around, I
descended the second step, and my feet found the cold stone of the
platform. There in front of me, a simple subway train waited, its nose
pointed down the tunnel and its rear simply disappearing right into the
wall as if it were a mirage. The door was open, and without another
thought I stepped over the gap and boarded the train. There was one
other passenger, so I sat across from her. As soon as I was seated, the
train began a slow, perfectly smooth acceleration.

“Mommy didn’t get on,” I said weakly. Ellie just shook her head. She
looked calm, but noticeably sad. “How did you know about…” I trailed
off, scanning the train car with my eyes.

“I don’t know,” Ellie shrugged.

I watched her for a while as the train began its journey. I never looked
back towards the house. I knew I would never be going back.

***

I don’t remember being seven years old. Or eight or nine for that
matter. Ellie and I briefly stayed with our grandparents at some point,
where I learned a few things. My mother passed away during labor due to
complications. My dad has never been seen since then. Nobody can tell me
anything about the baby. Dead, alive, missing… I don’t know.

Ellie and I have been in and out of foster care for a few years since
our grandparents died. I really don’t know if there is a place for us.
Sometimes I have dreams where I am walking down that tunnel, getting
ever closer to the garage door at the end, but never reaching it. I
doubt I ever will. I only ever mention these dreams to Ellie, but I have
begun giving up on that too. Maybe I have a little brother out there
somewhere. If I do, I don’t ever want to meet him.
