An odd man gave me a strange gift. It is a box that I can’t open. 

I was walking to the subway station. It was raining, which hadn’t been
foretold on the weather channel, so I plastered a stolen newspaper
over my head. I looked down towards the wet pavement and away from the
onslaught so that my glasses would stay dry. This didn’t work – the
water was sliding down my forehead and dripping off of my cheeks. There
was a jingling sound. Rattle-rattle. Several coins bounced around a
paper cup. I didn’t look up, I just patted my pants pocket as if
to say “nothing here”, and kept moving. 

“You’ve got eight dollars and seventy-five cents!” the man shouted. His
voice boomed above the sound of the downpour. Yes, I had exactly
that. That’s twice the subway fare, I thought: four loonies and a
quarter multiplied by two trips. It was a smart trick. I wondered,
though, how he knew I was carrying an extra quarter – I’d brought it for
the shopping cart at the supermarket, where I’d stop after work. 

“You have something for me,” he cooed. His gimmick had stopped me and
now, while I was stood still, he stepped in front of me. His grin showed
his horse’s teeth, yellowed and jutting outward. He had a nose like
an eagle’s beak; curved, sloped into a drooping point. His ears stuck
out and sagged like a cow’s and his long neck arched like a swan’s. He
had flaming orange hair that, where it had become damp from the rain,
faded into a murky copper colour. He was a very ugly man.  

“I’m sorry, I need it,” I said. I peered at him from above the frames of
my glasses. My eyes were cautious; I tried not to portray my
frustration. The newspaper flapped angrily as the wind picked up speed.
I moved to continue my path – splash, the sole of my rubber boot
slapping against a cloudy puddle. 

“I’ve got something for you.” 

I paused again. His smile was wider, toothier, and the golden caps that
decorated his molars peeked around the corners of his upturned
mouth. He spun and stooped down to his sleeping place. His bed was a
rain-soaked and sun-bleached blanket. On it there was a scattering of
items: sodden strips of cardboard, a dirty yellow bucket full up
with water, an assortment of pens, pencils, and markers. A folded grey
jumper served as a pillow. There was one more thing – a large box made
of wood. He scooped it up and thrust the heavy trunk into my chest and,
wanting not for it to crash down onto my flimsy shoes should he let go,
I gripped it firmly with both hands. I watched as the newspaper was
ripped away by the tempest, thrashing about in the air, flashing the
words Toronto Star at me before disappearing behind the fog. 

“Don’t look inside. Keep the lid shut.” 

“I don’t want this, I can’t take it on the train,” I stammered, and I
looked up towards him – but he wasn’t there. My head swiveled left and
right. I couldn’t spot him, but I could feel that the ugly man’s gaze
was on me, his figure obscured by the sheet of falling water. My glasses
were of no use streaked with rain. Crack! A thunderclap sounded, and a
bolt of lightning illuminated the street, so I broke out in a run for
the metro without another word. 

I was at the turnstile. I tried to fetch the fare that was tucked in my
pocket. I couldn’t reach it, I realized, because my hands were
full with the box. A curt “hello” attracted the attention of the ticket
inspector, and I passed the chest to him as I slotted the change into
the machine. Clink-clink. The gate opened. For a moment, a few seconds
at least, I thought I might leave the box with the attendant. The
wet trunk had begun to soak his crisp white shirtsleeves. He gazed at it
intently, his face revealing a mixture of confusion and
interest. He was inspecting it in more depth than I had, and I became
curious of it myself, so I snatched it back from him. I stepped onto the
platform and didn’t meet his eye as he watched me depart. 

While I was sat on the train I tried not to stare at the obtuse,
cumbersome thing; I thought that, the less attention it received from
me, the less it would receive from other nosy commuters. I glanced
around at the weary expressions worn by the train car’s
passengers, explained by a quick check of my digital watch: 7:34
AM. Some of their tired eyes twitched towards my box. My
head had begun to ache. I was clenching my jaw. 

I watched the dreary cityscape slide by as the train surfaced. The wet
window concealed the finer details, but I was familiar with the view;
this was my usual route, of course. Slick concrete littered with
colourful graffiti filled the
foreground. Mirrored high-rises spiraled towards plump,
rain-filled clouds and echoed the harsh gray of the overcast sky. Lake
Ontario could be glimpsed where a crumbling brick wall had been hastily
replaced by a chain-link fence. Without the sun to
illuminate its rippling waters, the Great Lake resembled a slab of
smooth stone. The window was consumed by darkness as the subway dipped
back beneath the street – reflected in the black glass was me, my box,
and the man who had silently taken his place next to me. 

“I’ll take that from you,” he said to me. His voice was a low
grumble. He was a large man. His hulking figure occupied one-and-a-half
seats, and though one sat vacant to his right, his bulk encroached upon
my space. He dwarfed me in height; where I was a measly five feet
and four inches, his sturdy frame surely exceeded six feet. I tore my
eyes from his reflection and did not look at him. I shook my head “no”. 

“Please?” He stretched a thick, meaty hand towards the box, caressing
the damp wood. I slapped it away – mine. As he recoiled, I rose from the
bench. The metal doors creaked open shortly after I stood. I scurried
off the train, several stops before my own, to thwart the would-be
thief. I walked the rest of the way to work. One half of a mile, pelted
by the steady downpour. 

My rubber boots squelched on the elevator’s carpeted floor. Drip, drip.
Water slid off of my drenched suit jacket and trickled onto the rug. I
pressed nine with my elbow. I had a meeting, some hubbub about an
upcoming project, but I wanted to visit my office
first. Numbers flashed on a red seven-segment display as the elevator
rose slowly. One, two, three – and then the elevator stopped. The door
slid open. There was a scoff. 

“Gee, look at you,” Deuce said. He lifted his arm to his face, covering
his mouth, and disguised his mocking laughter as
a cough. I couldn’t stand Deuce. I did not offer any pleasantries in
response. He gripped his suitcase firmly and entered the elevator
without another word, though I could see the edge of his lips tightening
into a smirk. His boss, Helen, stood behind him; her gaze was fixated on
him, a scowl forming on her face. She nodded to me in greeting. I nodded
back. 

The elevator began up, six floors until mine, but just two floors had
passed when I began to feel uneasy – Deuce and Helen’s eyes were on me,
I could feel it. On my box. I squeezed the chest so tightly that
a wooden splinter lodged in my pointer finger. It burned red,
painful. Ouch. To protect me, and to protect my box, I turned around. I
tucked my head and huddled around the trunk. I stared at the blank metal
panels that decorated the elevator walls and the thin black seam between
them where they met in the corner. The two shifted; they shuffled their
feet, and their heads turned to me, but I shielded the box with my
shivering body. Six, seven, eight, and then nine. I sprinted into my
office. 

I locked the door, pulled the blinds shut, and turned the lights off. I
closed the curtains on the window that overlooked the city. I sat at the
desk, the old chair groaning beneath our weight, and really looked at
the box for the first time. 

It was wood, yes, but what kind I couldn’t know, as the rain had changed
the colour and texture of the grain. There were two leather straps with
brass buckles that secured the lid. The edges were worn and
faded, the uncured hide visible through the cracks. There were two
zip-ties, too, made of ribbed white plastic. There were
many elastic bands wrapped around the box. A hundred or more thin strips
of tan rubber. There was an very, very small lock on the
box’s golden clasp – it was no bigger than the tip of my pinkie finger. 

This strange gift is a box that I shouldn’t open. He told me: do not
open it. But what was inside? When I rattled the chest, there was no
sound, it sounded empty. Was nothing inside? Why had the man given it
away so eagerly – why had everyone wanted it so badly? I wanted to know,
I had to know: in this box, what was there? 

I undid the metal fasteners and removed the strips of leather. I turned
them over in my hands, and on the soft back, they had been branded with
one word each. The first read greed. The second read envy. I tossed them
in the plastic waste basket – then I plucked them back out and stuffed
them in the locked desk drawer so nobody else would find them. 

I took a pair of scissors to the cable ties. They had text, too. Black
permanent marker had inscribed on them hunger and yearning. They went
into the drawer, too. 

I used the scissors again on the rubber bands. I could have stretched
them around the box, one by one, but I needed to know what was inside of
it. I needed to know now. As they shrunk back into tiny fragments of
stretchy cord, they made a noise which, if I were crazy, I might say
sounded like the word curiosity. But I’m not crazy, so it sounded
like elastic bands breaking. Their remnants went into the drawer. 

I stuffed a bent paperclip into the tiny lock. I wiggled it around,
jammed it in there, stabbed at the mechanism wildly; it didn’t work.
I turned the box onto its side and picked up my metal stapler. I slammed
it down, and down, and down again onto the little lock. I held it in
place with my left hand, pinching it between my splintered finger and my
sweaty thumb. I brought the stapler down again – I brought it down on my
thumb. 

“Foolishness,” I cursed beneath my breath. But the lock had sprung open.
I threw it into the drawer so quickly that it nearly bounced out. I
righted the box and wrenched the lid apart. Creak. The hinges
squealed. I was vibrating with excitement, my teeth chattering, when I
peered inside. 

There was emptiness. There was certainly nothing at all. 

I reached into the box, thrashing my hand about, and grasped at the lack
of anything. But there was something. There was a word engraved in the
bottom of the box. I traced it carefully with my finger, felt each
letter, searched for more on the four walls and on the top; but there
was just one. 

Hope, it said. 
