When I was young, my life was very nice.

I was raised by loving parents in an affluent neighborhood near Norfolk.
I was bright, and I had a good future ahead of me.

It takes 25 years for the male mind to develop completely. As such, boys
tend to make a lot of dumb decisions as soon as they gain some sort of
autonomy as a teen.

I was one such case.

When I was sixteen, I had a friend group of six. We did lots of dumb
things together. We lit fireworks inside, did stunts on motorbikes, et
cetera. 

Comparatively, what we did one certain time wasn’t so crazy.

One of my friends, Nick, had this big truck that we all called Badass. I
don’t remember the specifics other than that it was a Ford (I’m not
exactly a car guy). The front had two seats, and the back had three. One
of us would sit in the open trunk. We were apprehensive trying it at
first, but by this time, we had done it countless times. We even had a
voting system for who would get to sit in Badass’s trunk.

The previous day, we had a Chemistry test. Chem had always been Nick’s
weakest subject, so he asked (during the test) if he could cheat off of
me. I usually let it slide, but I was fed up with him not studying, so I
said no. 

In our voting system, Nick’s vote is worth two in order to counteract
there being an even number of us. He was the only one with a car, but he
was charitable with it, so it made sense. That day, he voted for me, and
everyone else ganged up on me.

It was August, and it gets super humid in Virginia, so I obliged.
Badass’s trunk was completely flat, unlike most trucks, so it was pretty
comfortable to sit in. I also liked the feel of wind in my hair.

We were driving to Chipotle for dinner. It wasn’t too far from where I
lived, and the road wasn’t too bumpy. It was about 8:20, so maybe a
little late for dinner, but they were still open.

The drive went normally. I caught my breath while my friends laughed
inside the car. Being with them could sometimes be draining. I rested my
head against the back window, and closed my eyes. The wind drowned out
the conversation. I breathed in…

“SHIT!” I heard Nick shout. He swerved Badass. I didn’t have time to
open my eyes. It rammed into something. My head crashed through the back
window, and I blacked out.

I awoke sitting on my knees. I opened my eyes. My head ached in a
million different places. The only thing I was seeing was stars.

I tried standing, but I couldn’t do it. I gasped. It felt like I was
inhaling sand. I coughed. My throat was so dry…

When the pain stabilized a little and I could open my eyes, I saw the
room I was in. It was fleshy. Orangish-red skin was occasionally
interrupted by what appeared to be veins and arteries. The floor was
deep red. I moved my leg a little, and it rippled.

I heard some splashing behind me. Feet…?

“Hell-oh!”

A head peered over the top of mine. It was some sort of man. I jumped a
little, but the pain came back, so I sat still. 

The man walked in front of me. I heard his voice again. “Welllll, Trent,
you’ve gotten yourself in a pickle this time, for suuure.”

His voice was shrill and nasally. It had an eccentric humor to it that
made him sound like a cartoon character. His giggle was the audio
equivalent of walking through a particularly thorny bush.

“Who…” I spat out blood. “Who… are… you..?” I stammered out.

He grinned. “Me?” He zipped right up to me. “I… am Satan.” 

I gasped. He laughed. It was incredibly dry. It felt cold when he did
so. “Juuuuuuust kidding! You guys fall for everything!” He paused for a
second. “My real name is Kakaki. Pronounced Kuh-Kah-Kee, spelled
K-A-K-A-K-I, but you coulda figured that.” He grinned. I got a good look
at him.

Kakaki had a very slender frame. He must’ve been at least seven feet
tall, but he couldn’t’ve weighed much. He was wearing baggy black jeans,
ripped in places that didn’t fit the fashion trend. He wasn’t wearing a
shirt, which revealed a very skinny midsection bordering on being gaunt.

There were stitches all over his skin.

His skin was, for the most part, ghostly pale. Some of the patches in
between his stitches, however, were more tan than other parts. 

His grin was disproportionately large, stretching over too much of his
face. Rows of decrepit orange and brown teeth filled the gap it left. A
rough ponytail wrapped up some of his stringy black hair, but even so,
most of it draped over his face. The stitches seemed to be pointing
toward his left eye, but I couldn’t see either of his eyes because of
his hair.

“I’ve been around these parts for a good while. My job is to help people
like you!” The way he spoke was so irregular, so foreign. “But enough
about me. What’re you like, Trent?” I opened my mouth, but he cut me
off. “I should probably tell you my, uhh… deal before we get started.”
He gulped. 

“Trent, you’re dead. I mean, you’re a goner. Some of those glass shards
pierced through your pretty little skull and wiggled their way into your
brain.” He shoved a finger through a clenched fist, and then opened that
fist. He made an explosion sound. “That’s you if you don’t take my deal.
But really, there’s no reason you shouldn’t.” Kakaki paused.

“If you say yes to my deal, you live! You’ll get to live your life to
your fullest, whatever that means to you.” He shifted his head and
looked up. “If you don’t take the deal, you stay dead. Pretty simple.”
He looked back down again. “Well, what’ll it be?”

I croaked out a “Y…yes”. He clapped his hands. “It’s decided! Trent (he
says my last name here) lives to see another day!” He grinned even
larger than he already was. “There’s one condition, though… I’m gonna
protect you, for the foreseeable future. That means I’m gonna watch over
you, and step in when necessary.” He lifted up his hair. His right eye
was sewn shut. His left eye was a wild purple color. The iris appeared
to be moving counterclockwise. “See you in the waking world, Trent-y
boy!” He cackled as I blacked out once more.

I woke up in a hospital room. About twenty minutes later, a nurse came
in, and reported my awakening. My parents rushed in not long after. My
mom hugged me. “Ohh, sweetie… I’m so happy you’re okay.” My dad was a
little more apprehensive. “You nearly died! Trent, imagine how everyone
around you would’ve felt if you had died because of that decision. Think
of the pain you would’ve caused us.” He eventually caved and hugged me
as well.

“A…” I coughed. My throat was still sore. “Are the guys…” I weakly said.
“Y-yes, they’re all okay. I told Nick you’re okay, and he’s on his way,”
my mom told me.

About an hour later, Nick arrived. “Good job on, uhh, living, man.”
There was clear tension in the air. I felt a bit better at this point.
“What… happened?” Nick put his mouth in his hand. “Drunk driver. I don’t
know who could get that smashed at 8:00…” he sighed. “We killed him. We
fucking killed him. The guy’s dead.” I solemnly looked down. 

“Deserved it.”

My eyes widened. There he was. Kakaki. In the back of the room. Right
behind Nick.

“Natural selection taking its course, huh.”

I picked up the bouquet to the right of me, and hurled it straight at
him. Nick ducked, yelling “Dude! What the fuck?!”

It passed right through him.

“Come on, Trent-y. You know better than that.”

A handful of days passed. He was constantly in my company. He was
incredibly annoying.

I thought I had suffered brain trauma and that Kakaki was a side effect.
Maybe he was temporary, but I thought he was most likely permanent. 

Either way, he was just a figment of my imagination.

I was at Nick’s house. Things had been weird in the friend group since
the crash. Badass was totaled. The engine was all smashed up. Nick’s
parents didn’t blame him, but they also didn’t reimburse him. If he was
to get another car, he would have to buy it himself. That would take a
while.

We were watching television in his living room. I think it was some TMZ
show we were watching, one where you would guiltily laugh at other
people with your friends. It was hard to pay attention, since Nick’s pet
tarantula was on the shelf.

I’ve always been arachnophobic. I knew it was just in the container, a
tiny glass box that was completely sealed away from the world, but
seeing its beady eyes staring at me… I always felt wrong around it.

A metal poster hung behind it. I didn’t understand those things. It was
from a game Nick liked. They apparently used magnets, but under those
magnets was adhesive. When Nick had bought it, I warned him about how
adhesive doesn’t work as well when it’s as humid as Virginia in the
summer, but he said he would figure it out if it fell down.

Kakaki eagerly stood over the spider. He was enamored with the thing. He
stared, or at least I think he did… his mess of hair made it hard to see
what his one eye was looking at.

I had asked Nick if it was venomous the first time I came over. It was.
Kakaki asked me the same thing. I didn’t respond to him, but my brain
was flooded with thoughts of the tarantula’s venom. He leaned against
the counter it sat on. “Interesting… so he, she, er… they’re poisonous.”

He quietly wondered to himself about the gender of spiders.

“I gotta take a piss,” Nick said. He quickly excused himself from the
room. I paused the show. To be honest, I don’t think he would’ve cared
if he missed the whole thing. The death of that drunk driver weighed
heavily on Nick, even if it wasn’t his fault. He still blamed himself.
He had been very downtrodden recently.

I heard a sound. It was like tape peeling off the wall.

The metal poster crashed onto the glass container. It shattered, and the
spider escaped before the lid fell on it. Kakaki stood still. A few
seconds later, his face dropped. I was standing on the couch at this
point. Kakaki zipped up to me. “Listen, Trento… this isn’t gonna be
comfortable, but ya gotta bear with me.” 

My vision became all blurry. 

You know how when you stand up too quickly, your eyes become filled with
TV static and random lines? That’s what it looked like. My body felt
completely weightless, and I couldn’t feel much. 

I reawoke an indeterminate amount of time later. I was in a weird
position, under a table with my foot extended against the wall. I pulled
it back.

Nick’s spider was crushed on my foot.

Kakaki looked at me with a small grin on his face. “I did what I had to
do, Trent… I protected you.”

Afterward, Nick and I grew apart. It was probably for the best. He
became depressed, and I grew distant due to Kakaki’s constant stalking.
That was the last time I went over to Nick’s house. Things were just
never the same.

Kakaki followed me everywhere. I became paranoid of him taking over my
body again to “protect” me. He saw what I was thinking, and caught on to
the act. But he didn’t do anything about it.

Kakaki’s constant heckling made life hard. Over the next two years, I
became more withdrawn and introverted, out of fear of danger and what
Kakaki would do if he saw me in it. I could never tell someone about
Kakaki, because, in his words, “What’re you gonna tell em? That you have
an imaginary friend?”

In good news, my grades were even higher than before.

One day, I asked him why he chose me. “Huh?” he said nonchalantly. I
said, “Why am I the one you have to… protect or whatever?” He stooped
down to my level. “Well, Trent-a-friend, you got a bright future ahead
of you. You’re gonna be an important man. You’re lucky to have me
around. I’m just here to getcha to that destination. When you’re there,
I’ll leave.” He paused. “Goodness, how DEPRESSING! Your life will be
sooooo boring without me.”

“But we don’t have to worry about that for a good while.”

I never thought I would be one of those kids who inexplicably thought
life would get better at college, but I began to hope that.

When I applied to colleges, the first one I applied to was Hampton. It
was a dream school for me. Close to home, on the water, great education.
The day I was accepted was the happiest day I experienced since before I
met Kakaki.

He attributed my acceptance to his protection skills. “Face it,
Trentino, you woulda been in the ground if it weren’t for ol’ Kakaki. I
don’t get any payment (or thanks for that matter). I just do it out of
love.” He tried to hug me, but I passed straight through him. “You know,
Trenton, there’ll be a day where you’re thankful for all I’ve done for
you. You’ll want me back, I know you will.”

About two months after I was accepted into Hampton, Kakaki pulled
another stunt. I was taking my AP Government final for the first
semester. It was clear that I had not studied enough. I told my parents
that I wouldn’t be good at AP Gov, but they expected a lot of me, and
forced me to take it. 

All that’s to say I wasn’t doing good.

“…Damn,” I thought as I skipped every question to come back to it later.
Kakaki giggled while looking over at me. He didn’t say anything to help
me. He just laughed. 

My grade was comfortably in the B range, but if I messed up this final
badly enough, it would be knocked down to a C-the first I’d have gotten
in my high school career. About halfway through the test, I thought of
this, and Kakaki stopped laughing. A snowball effect would ensue where I
might be rejected from Hampton if I failed this test.

“Hmm. Trent. I’m gonna need you for a second,” Kakaki said. 

My stomach dropped.

My vision began to get all fuzzy. I strained to get a better look. I
could vaguely see myself getting up.

My vision became entirely blurred.

I reawoke some time later, and I was outside. We were all lined up, my
entire class. I slowly looked at Kakaki. He lifted the hair over his
eye. “I did what had to be done, Quentin Trentantino.”

He pulled the fire alarm.

He must’ve known the school had security cameras, but he did it anyway.

Our finals had to be postponed to what should’ve been the first day of
winter break. I was given more than enough time to study what I now knew
would be on the test. However, Kakaki’s plan did not go without
consequence.

I was let off lightly for pulling the fire alarm. I had been a good kid
throughout high school, so they were willing to let it slide. I got
extremely lucky. This one act of poor behavior stained my record,
though. What if Hampton saw this and the higher-ups there thought I was
a troublemaker?

Kakaki didn’t care. He did what had to be done.

The summer before I left home was miserable. The last one was as well,
and this one comparatively wasn’t as bad, but it still wasn’t fun. The
whole time, I was anticipating going to college, because I thought my
life would completely change. Maybe, once I got into college, Kakaki
would realize that I was on the path to success and just leave.

I tiredly sauntered out of the house. I was taking out the trash. He
walked next to me. “This seems a little wasteful, New Jersey. See that
napkin? You could definitely reuse that!” I paused when I turned the
corner. A dog had gotten into our backyard. It was a larger one, almost
certainly a stray. It must’ve climbed over the fence.

It had knocked our garbage can over, and was tearing into the bags,
getting trash everywhere. “HEY! What’re you doing?!” I yelled. The dog’s
hackles raised, and it started growling. I backed up a little bit, and
it sprinted toward me. Just then, my vision became blurry again.

I regained control a little while later. Kakaki was squatting over the
knocked over garbage can. “Ooooh…” I weakly grumbled. After holding my
head for a second, I stumbled toward him. “Move.” He backed away. “Geez.
Don’t be so pushy.”

The dog was dead. 

Its jaw was ripped open. It was sitting at a 90 degree angle. Its tongue
sat disembodied on the ground, a pool of blood flowing behind it.

I slowly looked at him. “Did you do this…?” I said quietly. He breathed
in and stood up, as if proud of himself. “Sure did! It’s been a while,
but old Kakaki’s still got it down!” I collapsed on the ground.
No. No. No…

I let this happen. I killed this innocent animal. “No,” I thought. He
did. 

Before I could yell, he shushed me. “Hey hey hey! I did what I had to
do! Who knows if that dog had rabies or something.” He walked  up to me,
and put his finger on my chest. “I. Saved. You.”

I hurled the dog into the neighbor’s yard. What was I going to do? Bury
it?

My parents thoroughly berated me for spilling the trash.

I thought moving to college would be sadder than it was. 

I would miss my parents, but not much else. It would potentially be
difficult, but any sort of switch up from the monotonous life I led
throughout my upperclassman years was appreciated.

The day I finished moving wasn’t a particularly special one. I met my
roommate for the first time there, and he was… fine. Not much to really
talk about.

Life just… went on.

College was just as lonely as high school was. Kakaki had not left me,
but he was hardly company. Thinking that, he chastised me again. “NJ,
you’re lucky to have anyone in your life as funny as me.” 

I can hear his voice perfectly, even now…

I majored in journalism. I had always liked writing and presenting, but
I had never thought of myself as the type to write books. I thought that
maybe I could gain back some of the charisma Kakaki had knocked out of
me through this class.

In this class, I met my future girlfriend.

She never seemed particularly interested in the class. Her mind was
somewhere else. And yet, I couldn’t help but be fascinated by her.

Her curly brown hair splayed off her head in every direction, but it
didn’t hide her face at all. Her deep brown eyes stared through round
glasses at the exit as she wrote the little notes she did. 

The way I properly met her was when she crashed into me on a bike.

It hurt a lot. It was very sudden as well. Kakaki let out a huge gasp,
but he held his breath. “Oh geez, I’m so, so, SO sorry…” I brushed
myself off. It looked straight out of a movie. “Y…You’re good,” I
sputtered out. She seemed to recognize me. “Hey, it’s you! You’re like a
wiz at this stuff. I’m so gonna get an F on the test… when is it?” 

“Tomorrow,” I quietly said. 

“Anyway, I could use your help with it. Can I, uhh…”

My face got flustered. “Uhm… sure!” Kakaki looked extremely
uncomfortable. “Should I…” Her eyes lit up. “Yeah, I’ll give you my
number. I’m Melanie, by the way.”

“Trent,” I said in return.

Most of our time that night wasn’t spent studying.

We met up at my dorm at around 4:30. We studied for maybe 45 minutes,
before she said she was hungry. “I’m gonna get Chipotle. Wanna come?” My
face flustered once more. “Definitely!” I said. She beamed a gorgeous
smile, a greater view than looking over the boardwalk into the grand
Chesapeake Bay. “Great!”

That was the greatest day of my life.

I completely forgot about Kakaki. I didn’t even notice him. All he did
was lurk in the background. Jealous, indifferent, concerned, I couldn’t
tell. But I didn’t care.

The next day, we both bombed the test. She got 54%, and I got 79%. “In
what world is a C+ a bomb?” she asked me the next day. “I guess… maybe
it isn’t so bad.”

The class wasn’t giving me my confidence back. She was.

The next couple of months were a blur. I know I keep timeskipping, but
the other ones were because I didn’t do much, and my life was full of
sadness and darkness. But the days I’m skipping over here… they were
full of life and happiness. It was a blur, but a good kind of blur. The
kind of blur where you’re laying on your bed after a fun day, and
thinking to yourself, “Wow. My life is awesome.”

Mel was truly the greatest thing that had ever happened to me, and I
could tell she felt the same. But something still appeared to gnaw away
at her. One day, I asked her what it was.

“I feel like I’ve known you for a good while. You always seem sad in
class, and you never want to discuss what you’re going to do when you
get out of here. Is there something wrong?”

She sighed. “I just don’t like journalism that much. I always wanted to
start a flower store. My parents, well… being from Lagos, they weren’t
big on a job like that. They always said, ‘You have gotten the education
you have, and you want to live such a small life?’ I do. They just never
saw that.”

I was distraught by this, by the fact that she wasn’t happy with what
she was going to be spending the rest of her life doing. I looked not at
her, but within her. “You should do it.” The words escaped my mouth
without me even thinking about them.

“I dunno… what if it doesn’t pay well? What if I flop? Then what’ll I
do?”

I stood up. “I don’t know. But whatever happens, I’ll support you
through it. You don’t need college to be successful. I don’t care what
your parents say, your success is determined by you and you alone. If
you aren’t happy, then you won’t be successful.”

Mel thought about it. “Quitting college… but that would make my parents
really angry. You know I love them.” I put my hand on her shoulder. “If
they truly love you, then they’ll keep loving you even when you quit.”

She said she would think it over. I said that I would follow where she
went. If she was to drop out, so would I.

I noticed Kakaki for the first time in a while that night. “Trentonio, I
feel like I’ve taught you a lot. At this point, I think you’re pretty
much indestructible, with or without me.” He sat down on my bed. “You
know all those times when I told you about how depressing it would be
after I leftcha? That day’s a-comin. Your final lesson is in front of
you.”

He sighed. “You know, I only want the best for you. Nothing less.
Everything I’ve done? For you. And I feel… like ya sometimes take me for
granted.” He looked at me. “I’m gonna stop beating around the bush.
Leaving college? How fucking stupid are you? This is your future we’re
talking about! Her plant store is gonna die, and you know that. I know
that, and I’ve taught you everything I know, which is a lot. This time’s
different, though. I’m gonna let you choose. You’re an adult, Trent. I
don’t get to make your decisions for you anymore.” He leaned in. “There
will be consequences if you choose wrong, Trenton.”

The next morning, Mel gave me her answer. She was going to drop out.
There was a lot near the mall. She said her current college fund could
pay for three months of rent there. She reminded me that I didn’t have
to come.

The semester is ending soon. Kakaki has completely disappeared from my
life. I haven’t seen him since he gave me that “heart to heart” that
evening.

I’ve checked all over. He usually doesn’t play hide-and-seek, but he’s
completely gone. Vanished without a trace. Like he was never there. 

I am dropping out. My question to you guys is, what’ll he do about it?
Fate doesn’t exist. He’s been trying to tell me that for a good while,
but he’s contradicting it by even giving me this choice.

Like he said, I’m an adult. I get to make my own decisions now. I don’t
care if my brain isn’t fully developed.

Do your worst, Kakaki.

I’m waiting.
