It was Kro’s greatest night. Kro watched us in the dark outside the
campfire, learning, crafting, practicing for his greatest performance:
his wedding ceremony. Kro was Michelle’s fiancé, after all, and he would
make it clear she belonged to him.

I thought it would be the best night of my life. The campfire lit
Michelle—the best girl in the world. Her freckled face flushed full of
smiles, jokes she held back, and (I hoped) feelings she held back.

The rest of our friends found something else to do around the cabin,
which was pretty messed up. She’s the one who paid for this pre-wedding
getaway, and we’re all supposed to be here to celebrate her. However,
she was never the best at picking good friends or boyfriends, which is
part of the reason we’re even here now.

“So this is a little awkward,” Michelle said in a lull between laughs
and toyed with her glasses.

“I suppose this is why you don’t invite your ex to a joint bachelor and
bachelorette party,” I smirked.

Caught off guard, her glasses slipped from her hand and fumbled toward
the fire. I dashed forward, saving them. The heat of the fire stoked the
back of my hand as I waited on one knee for her to accept them from me.

Her hand wavered above the glasses. The whole thing felt taboo—her
ex-boyfriend on one knee for her just past midnight beside a healthy
fire.

Still nervous, still delicate, Michelle took them from my hand, clasping
my hand and lingering there. Michelle always had the opposite effect on
me that I had on her. With Chelle I’m confident; with Chelle I can do
whatever I want.

I jumped.

Behind her, sneaking out of the shadows of his cabin, was her fiancé. We
made eye contact before he slumped away, like a supervillain.

“What?” Michelle asked, noticing my face. “Is he out here? Did he see?”
She spun around.

“Yeah,” I said. “I’m sorry. I should go.” I had my suspicions of Kro,
but this wasn’t right. A week before their marriage, what was I
thinking?

I avoided eye contact as I walked away from her back to my room.

“No, Adrian,” she said. “Stay.”

It was her party, after all. Who was I to ever say no?

I could never say no to her—well, ever since we broke up. In the
relationship was another story.

I looked for Kro creeping in the shadows as he liked to do, but he hid
well. Shadows, corners, and beside doors—Kro always found a way to stay
back and observe.

I know what she saw in him, and it wasn’t good. She didn’t chase love.
Michelle wanted someone to shy to leave her.

I didn’t go back to my seat across from her. I sat in the chair beside
her.

“Yes… well, Kro thought it was a good idea,” Chelle said, not scooting
away from me but getting comfortable. Our thighs touched. “Since we grew
up together as best friends and all.”

“Does he know…”

“No, he doesn’t know why we broke up. I just told him we had… mutual
differences.” Michelle smiled, and I saw the mischievous kid she once
was flash on her face. Never around her parents, never around
school—only around me. “You’re not scared of him, are you?” she asked
with a wicked smile.

“Why would I be scared of him?” I asked.

“He’s bigger than you.”

We both let the innuendo sit.

“And he has a massive d—”

“Michelle, dude, stop, no.”

I scooted away. She slid closer.

“What? Why does it surprise you? He’s so tall.”

“No, I’m just surprised you let him make decisions. Considering…” I let
that sit.

“Yes! We are getting married! Of course he can make decisions!”

“But it’s a…” I should have finished. I should have called it what it
was—a sham of a marriage that she was too good for. She met this guy
online through a sketchy dating service, and he barely spoke English.
Essentially, he was a mail-order husband. I would do anything for her to
marry me, but even if it wasn’t me, she should find someone to love her.

I said none of that because I wanted to see her smile.

So I said, “Do you still believe in aliens?” I got my wish. Michelle
beamed and hooked my arm into hers.

“Yes, yes, yes, so much, yes. I got one book on it that relates our
folklore to modern alien sightings. It’s called They’ve Always Been with
Us. A friend gave it to me. Her husband wrote it.”

“Oh, which friend?” I asked. “Did she come to the cabin?”

“No, she’s been really busy with her husband recently.” She paused like
something wasn’t right. “But anyway, the book is based on interviews
from those who’ve been abducted. They very well could be describing what
we thought was just folklore—like banshees, vampires, and changelings.”

Michelle placed her head on my shoulder, maybe platonic, maybe more.
Flames shone on half her face and her orange hair; the rest was covered
in shadow.

“Can I tell you something?” she asked. “You just can’t tell anybody
else. They’ll think I’m a freak.”

“Yeah,” I nuzzled my head on top of hers. We watched the sticks fall in
the fire as she told me a secret.

“So this book,” she said, “it had the theory that certain spells were
really codes to bring the aliens down here—like an ‘all clear,’ like
‘you can come to this place.’ Almost how you’d signal a plane to come
down, so summoning demons or whatever witches and warlocks did was
really summoning aliens. Like telling them where they were was a safe
space to land.”

“Okay, that’s interesting.”

“Here’s the part that’s going to scare you. I found one for changelings,
and I did it.” She sat up and smiled.

“So Kro—he’s a changeling.” Her smile stopped, and she folded her arms.

“No, what? Ew, no. I tried to summon one and nothing happened. 

“Wait. No. What’s the punchline then? Why tell the story without a
punchline?”

“Because it’s embarrassing and supposed to be funny, and you’re supposed
to laugh.”

“Yeah, haha,” I said sarcastically. “But it did work. I knew there was
something strange about him. How can you even afford a mail-order
husband? You’re not rich.”

“It’s an arranged marriage, and that’s very mean and—”

I cut her off. Time was running out. The wedding was a week away, now or
never.

“‘There’s certain opportunities here in the US,’” I quoted the phrase I
heard from Kro verbatim. “Yeah, I’ve heard him say it. I want you to
think, though. Jace and I were talking about this earlier.”

“Oh, Jace.” Chelle’s eyes rolled. Until then, she had never had a
problem with Jace. He was another childhood friend. She knew him better
than Kro, and he was definitely a better guy than half of the people on
the trip. Half of the guests on this trip treated me like trash. I
didn’t know what was going on in her head, but I pressed on.

“Yes, Jace and I were talking. He’s weird, Chel. I need you to think and
put it together. Nothing makes sense about him.” My heart raced. I saw
the gears turning in her head. Michelle knew I had a point.

Then he came.

Kro’s hand landed on my shoulder, a hand so large his fingers pressed
into the veins of my neck and pushed down my shoulder. I didn’t look up
at him. Being next to him was like being next to a bear: there’s a
possible finality with every encounter.

Kro stretched out to be seven feet tall, blocking out the moon with his
height, and Kro was massive enough to fill every doorframe he entered,
his shadow covering me, Michelle, and the fire.

But you know the strangest part about him? He looks a lot like me. Not
the impressive physical features, but eye color, hair, olive skin tone,
chubby cheeks, and slight overbite. Of course, I couldn’t say that to
anyone. What would I say? This seven-foot-tall giant looks a lot like me
except for all the interesting parts.

“Allo, Adrian? Can I sit?” he said.

“Yeah. Of course,” I said and scooted over. He plopped on the log,
breaking some part and pushing me off. I moved to another seat. The two
lovers snuggled. I stayed long enough to be polite, and then I got up to
leave.

“No, stay,” Kro said. “Keep Michelle company. I beg you. I’m going to
bed early.” He leaned over to kiss Michelle.

“Goodnight, babe.”

“Goodnight,” she said and turned her cheek to him. Caught off guard, he
planted one on her cheek instead of her lips.

I watched him leave. Creepy Kro didn’t go back to his cabin—he went to
the woods.

“Oh, look, he’s going back home,” I joked.

“You should go. This isn’t appropriate.”

“Hey, he asked me to stay.”

“It’s fine. I can be alone.”

“It doesn’t look like it.” I said, only feeling the weight of my words
after the hurt smacked across Michelle’s face. “Michelle, no. I’m sorry.
It was a joke. I’m joking. He’s fine.”

Michelle ignored me and headed to her cabin.

“Michelle, c’mon. I’m sorry. Chelle? Chelle?”

I stayed by the fire alone and thinking that in a way, this really was
all my fault and that guilt might eat me alive.

Perhaps half an hour deep into contemplation, I heard music come from
the woods.

I followed the sound into the woods, my footsteps crunching over dead
leaves and snapping twigs that sounded too loud in my ears but
eventually even that died, drowned by a fiddle. 

Wild, frantic fiddle notes spiraled through the trees like they were
being chased. Whistles darted after them, high and sharp, and then
thudded a drum pounding with a rhythm that felt wrong—like a three
legged elephant. My heart matched it, racing loud in my ears.

After much researching after the fact, I found the song they sang it is
called the Stolen Child:

Where dips the rocky highland

Of Sleuth Wood in the lake,

There lies a leafy island

Where flapping herons wake

The drowsy water rats;

There we’ve hid our faery vats,

Full of berrys

And of reddest stolen cherries.

Come away, O human child!

To the waters and the wild

With a faery, hand in hand,

For the world’s more full of weeping than you can understand.

 I pushed past a final curtain of branches and froze. My breath caught
in my throat.

There, in a clearing lit by moonlight and something else l, something
green and pulsing from the earth itself, Kro danced. Not the wobbling,
toe-to-heel walk he did around the cabin. This was fluid, expert, his
massive frame spinning and leaping like a ballerina. And he wasn’t
alone. They moved with him; things that might have been human once, or
tried to be. Their heads were too thick, swollen like overripe fruit
ready to burst, and their eyes either bulged from their sockets or
stared unblinking, refusing to close.

Skin hung on them in folds and creases, like old paper left too long in
the sun. Their bodies bent wrong—backs curved into humps that made them
list to one side, arms and legs thin as kindling that shouldn’t support
their weight. Some had bellies that swelled and sagged, tight and
distended. All of them had that same sickly pallor, a yellowish-white
like spoiled milk.

They danced around Kro in a circle, and Kro danced with them, and the
music played on. I realized with a sick feeling in my gut that Kro was
teaching them. Teaching them how to move. How to be human. And they sang
the second verse.

Away with us he’s going,

The solemn-eyed:

He’ll hear no more the lowing

Of the calves on the warm hillside

Or the kettle on the hob

Sing peace into his breast,

Or see the brown mice bob

Round and round the oatmeal chest.

For he comes, the human child,

To the waters and the wild

With a faery, hand in hand,

For the world’s more full of weeping than he can understand.

I ran back to the cabins. 

Bursting inside to the smell of weed and the blare of beeps coming from
his Switch, Byron, the best gamer of the group, seemed to be playing
terribly at his game.

His eyes bulged, like I was some cop, and he tossed his blunt aside. I
practically leapt to him.

“I need you.”

“Haha, dude, I thought you’d never ask.”

“Not like that. Come to the woods with me now! There’s something you
need to see.”

Byron sighed for a long time. He snuggled himself in his blanket as he
sat on the edge of the bed. His Switch flashed the words ‘GAME OVER’
again and again. Byron picked up the game again and readied to start
again.

“Nah, I’m good here.”

“This is an emergency. It’s about Michelle. We have to save her!”

“Nah, sorry, dude. My legs hurt.”

“Please,” I said. “You’re just high and lazy. C’mon.” I grabbed at the
blanket and pulled. Byron tossed his precious Switch and pulled back. It
clattered to the floor, likely broken. Byron didn’t seem to care.

“Dude, I’m staying here.”

“What’s your problem?” I braced myself, pulling with all I had. “I don’t
want to exaggerate, but her life could be in danger. Either you or Jace
have to do it. Where’s Jace?”

“He left, man. I don’t know.” Byron didn’t look at me, his focus on the
blanket.

“He left?” I yelled. “You’re telling me Jace left after buying a plane
ticket?” I laughed. “Jace who completed the survey on the back of
receipts for free food, Jace who pirated everything, Jace who refused to
buy a laptop because you can use Microsoft Word from your phone—that
Jace paid to get a new flight home?”

Frustrated, I pulled the blanket with all my might, bringing Byron to
the floor. He got up quickly, staggered, and wobbled.

Byron stumbled backward, arms flailing but didn’t fall. He wobbled to
the left, hands in the air like an inflatable outside of a car sales
lot. Then to the right, then forward, then backward.

Crunch.

Something broke.

Byron stood in front of me. His feet twisted inward so his toes touched.
It looked horrific. My skin crawled. My brain lapsed. How could one push
do that?

“Byron, sorry—”

I cut myself off. Byron didn’t look in pain, just annoyed.

“I can never get the feet right once I start m-m-moving,” he said with a
stutter he never had before. “Cluck. Cluck. Cluck.” Byron flicked his
tongue as if it was glued to his mouth and he was trying to free it.
“Ah-an-and then my speech messes up.”

“Byron?” I asked.

“R-aur-are we—” Byron hacked twice. “Are we still doing this? We can’t
be honest? Do I sound like Byron? Can’t you tell I’m something else?”
The voice that came out did not belong to Byron. The accent belonged to
someone in Northern Europe and was full of bitterness.

I ran back to the fire. It was dying, and the world felt colder.
Michelle had come back. Alone.

“Hey, Adrian,” she said. “Sorry, I ran off. I was just feeling…”

“Michelle, enough. You’re in danger, and we’re leaving.”

“Adrian…”

“Michelle, now!” She got up to run from me as if I was the problem.

“I’m not going anywhere with you.”

“Think again, Michelle. Think honestly to yourself. What happened to
Jace?” I chased after her. She ignored me, but I got her eventually. I
grabbed her wrist.

“Where’s Jace?”

“I made Kro kick him out because he was the same prick he always was. He
just came up here to try to have sex with me, but I don’t have to deal
with that anymore.”

I didn’t know that, but still…

“Think—how did you afford Kro?” I asked again.

“I saved, Adrian! I saved because I want somebody who won’t leave me!”

“I won’t leave you, Michelle. I love you!”

“Then why didn’t you stay when you had the chance? When we were
together, why did you cheat on me?”

That part always hurts retelling it because that’s when I realized it
was my fault. All my fault. I let her wrist go.

“I can love you now,” the words croaked out, like I was the creature
from another world struggling to speak. My tongue felt thick, and my
words fell out hollow. “Please, just give me another chance or give
anyone another chance. Not him. Trust me!”

“I can’t trust you, Adrian! I gave you my heart! So now you don’t get to
pick. Now you don’t get to pick who I fall in love with.”

“Helllooo, guys.”

I whirled around, saw Kro, and stepped in front of Michelle, keeping her
away from him. 

“Should I go?” Kro asked.

“Yes, actually, we’re going to go home,” I said. “Can you pack the bags,
Kro? C’mon, Chel.” I reached out to her.

“No, I’m sick of everyone using me,” she leaped up on her own and looked
rabid. Dirt flowed down her red hair. “You guys can take the cabin for
the last night. I’m done. Kro, we’re leaving.” She stormed off. Kro
tried to follow her. I grabbed a stick from the fire. Its edge burned
red hot.

“What are you?” I asked him.

“Something that has waited,” he whispered.

“What? What’s that mean?”

“Something that is patient.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Something that can wait for his pleasure until the very end.”

“Where’s Jace? Where’s the real Byron?”

“Where Michelle will be.”

I charged, stick first. He caught my wrist. The red glowing stick rested
inches away from his heart. With my left hand, I pushed his face and
side. I hurt myself, not him. His smile hung in a strange O shape.

With both my legs, I swung my body to hit his legs and bring him down.
He was as resilient as stone. My kick to his groin did nothing.
Exhausted. Defeated. I let go to regroup. Still, I had to save Michelle.

“I want to thank you, Adrian,” he said.

 

I charged again, expecting nothing better but knowing I had to try. It
worked. I stabbed into his chest. He fell to the floor, and I got to
work, aiming for any soft part of his body to cut into. 

“Thank you, Adrian,” he said. “To be like you. To finish my
transformation. I thought I would have to put on such a performance. But
no, all I had to do was not be you, and she fell into my arms. Thank you
for your wickedness.”

Michelle screamed. I looked up and saw her running across the cabin to
save her man. Adrian still smiled, knowing he played his role perfectly.
The perfect victim.

Michelle knocked me over. I’m told my head bounced against the earth,
dragging me from consciousness.

I, of course, was uninvited to the wedding. Everyone who was there was.
They held a small wedding at the courthouse. She wore white and put her
hair in a bun and wore her glasses as opposed to her contacts that day.
She always said she would do that because it would be authentic. That’s
the last I saw of her—not even a Facebook post or Snapchat story—until I
got a message from her about three months after the day she left the
cabin. I’ll show you.

Chel: Hey man how’s it going long time no see. 🤪🤩🤨🤓

Me: It’s so good to hear from you. I was worried to be honest. I just
want to apologize. How are things going with, Kro? 

Chel: haha hey the past is the past 🤣😂😅 Really good he wrote a book.
In fact I’m messaging you because I’d really appreciate it if you
supported us and read it and tried it out. 

Me: Oh that’s awesome what’s it called?

Chel: They’ve Always Been with Us 

Me: That’s odd. Was it inspired by the one you showed me?

Chel: Huh 🤨🤨😟🤪

Me: Why so many emojis, it’s not like you 

Chel: Yes, it is I guess you didn’t notice before. But to answer your
question, nope only one such book in existence.

Me: Hey, Chel why’d we break up.

Chel: Whoah 😩😫🤣🙃😂😅 weird question to ask someone but mutual
differences. 

I didn’t text herback.
