He no longer called me “iknuitli”. “Cuexpalchicacpol,” was the new term.
I asked him what it meant, but he wouldn’t say. The friendly tone was
gone too.

We were approaching where I thought the border was. No border patrol. No
checkpoints. We would be heading straight through. I became terrified of
my rearview mirror. The dust cloud was close, maybe one hundred feet
behind. I could see faces in the dust, writhing and twisting, full of
malice and hatred.

“I thought a killer would have some balls, cuexpalchicacpol,” the dead
man in my trunk said. “What would you possibly have to apologize for?”

“Maybe the trail of anger behind us would be a little thinner if both of
us had considered it prior,” I said. He scoffed.

“My people took from the same tribe every year, harvested them for
sacrifice and slavery like cattle. I would never stoop so low as to
apologize to lesser beings,” he said.

I should have hated him. I had been wanting to smash his face in for
most of the trip, but I had been him not all that long ago. He continued
to spew hatred, but I stayed silent, the only noise for hours was the
wail of the damned behind us and his constant nagging.

“You know Cuexpalchicacpol, I could really mess up this ride,” the dead
man said.

“You’d be just as screwed if you did,” I replied. I felt the steering
wheel start to drift. I tightened my grip and turned it back.

“Won’t you let me drag you to hell with me?” he said softly. The
steering wheel turned the other way. I held it in a death grip.

“What you going to do now, Cuexpalchicacpol? Warriors know no fear. Be a
man.”

Up ahead I could see the spot I needed to bury him. I couldn’t explain
how or why I knew, just a gut intrinsic feeling, like simple factual
knowledge. Sky is blue, grass is green, books have words in them, and
that was the burial spot.

I slowed the car down to a stop, parking right next to the spot. As soon
as I shifted to park, my hand pulled the handle, and I was out of the
car. I ran to the trunk and opened it. The trash bag that surrounded him
peeled back enough to reveal his head. His smile was gone, instead those
cold dead eyes looked at me with unfathomable hatred.

I grabbed the shovel and dug a shallow grave. The cloud of souls was
closing in. I got it just deep enough to fit a body. I pulled him out of
the car and tossed him inside. His mouth didn’t move, but I could hear
his voice anyway.

“See you in hell,” he said.

The wall of souls, mere feet from us, stopped as fire shot out from the
grave. I could hear him screaming in an agony foreign to human
understanding, not ending but simply getting further away until it was
inaudible. The wall of souls dissipated, and what remained were several
standing figures that I had never seen, yet somehow, I knew. Wives,
children, girlfriends, all those I had wronged.

The hatred was gone from their eyes. They wanted the man who caused them
so much suffering dead. He is dead. I buried him with that corpse in
Mexico.

I’m turning myself in to the police and taking down the casino with me.
What we did wasn’t right, and I need to answer for it, in this life or
the next. I’m back in the land of the living. I passed a gas station and
a few cars, so my time in limbo has ended. Until I arrive at the police
station back in the states, I am going to enjoy a nice quiet ride down a
long stretch of busy highway, free of talking dead men in my trunk.
