I have been working as a freelance drone surveyor for about five years
now. Mostly it is boring stuff like mapping out timber plots or checking
for illegal logging in the deep woods of the Pacific Northwest. I use a
high end industrial quad with a thermal sensor and a 4K gimbal. Last
Tuesday I was hired by a private firm to map a valley that hasn’t been
surveyed since the late nineties. According to the GIS data and the
latest satellite imagery from Google Earth there is absolutely nothing
in that specific sector except for dense pines and some rock
outcroppings. No roads and no structures for at least thirty miles.

I was about forty minutes into the flight when I saw a glint of sunlight
reflecting off something in a clearing. I checked the monitor and saw a
small cabin tucked right against the ridge. It looked too clean to be a
ruin. The wood was dark and the windows were spotless which made no
sense given the location. I pulled up the map overlay on my tablet and
it still showed a solid green patch of forest right where the house was
standing. I figured it might be some off-grid survivalist setup that was
built recently but evrything about the architecture looked fifty years
old. I decided to bring the drone down to about twenty feet to get some
high res footage for the report.

As I hovered near the porch I noticed the front window was huge - like a
picture window you would see in a modern suburban house. I tilted the
gimbal down and looked inside. There was a desk with a laptop and a
bunch of monitor equipment. A guy was sitting there with his back to the
window. He was wearing an orange hoodie with a specific logo on the
back - a logo for a drone racing club I used to belong to three years
ago. I stopped breathing for a second because I was wearing that exact
same hoodie right then. I moved the drone closer until the lens was
almost touching the glass.

The guy in the window slowly turned around. He was holding a DJI
controller in his hands. On my screen I saw my own face looking back at
the camera through the window. It was not a reflection. The lighting
inside the cabin was different and the “me” in the room looked
exhausted. I watched myself on the screen as I looked up at the drone
and then I felt this sudden jolt of vertigo. I looked up from my
controller in the real world and for a split second I saw a white
quadcopter hovering right in front of my face in my living room. Then
the feed on my tablet just turned to static and the drone lost GPS lock.

I hit the Return to Home button but the signal was completely dead. I
hiked out to the clearing where the house was supposed to be but there
was nothing there. Just some old rotted stumps and a few pine needles. I
checked the flight logs when I got back to the truck and the GPS
coordinates for the cabin are pointing to a spot that doesn’t exist on
any coordinate system I know. It is like the data just corrupted itself
the second I saw my own eyes. I am still sitting in my truck and I can
hear a low buzzing sound coming from the roof of the cab.

I relly do not want to get out and check what it is .
