TW: Depictions of Violence, Child Abuse

It took me a long time to write this. Too long. But now that I’ve fought
him back into the shadows, I can write again. And he won’t come closer
now, since I have tools to keep him away. But I have to warn people of
him, in case he finds someone else to court into the darkness with him.

I call him the Man in the Window. He came to me in dreams before, but
once he had me in his grasp, he started staring through pitch black
windows; he’d taunt me with his lack of a face. Or show me terrifying
images of what he would appear as, if I chose to look. His eyes were cut
from different images, usually black and white, lined with jagged edges
like paper ripped from magazines. He didn’t have a nose, the darkness
always filled that space. But he would smell my fear either way. His
mouth, an awful slice through the darkness. Ripping it apart like a
wound on skin that wasn’t there. Always shaped in a grin like he was
delighted I was looking at him. Teeth so white they were too perfect,
and if I looked for too long they become red with blood of the people he
took from me.

All I know now is that he is the manifestation of dread. When I first
tried writing about him, he became so excited. He had the gall to tap on
the windows around me, which chilled my spine perfectly. And when I
tried to ignore him and keep writing, he moved to the front door of my
family home. One knock was all it took for me to put the pen and paper
away. I couldn’t let him into the one safe place I was inhabiting. For
some reason, I know that writing this won’t invite him in again. But I
know he is excited to be seen, to be documented.

When I was a kid and then a teenager, I liked to go walking in the
woods. I liked to explore the shadows and sunny clearings of forests. I
felt so free out there, like I could be myself. I think that’s where he
found me. He started to follow me, and when I was eleven, he appeared in
my dreams.

He had the face of a meth head I had seen at my cousin’s house. A sunken
face with messy hair, wild eyes that told of the evil he brought. I
can’t remember much, but I remember what he did. Three nights in a row,
I dreamed of my family being killed off one by one, by this man I didn’t
really know. He would kill everyone at the house I was staying at, and
the last house was my cousins’. I was staying there while they moved.
And in the dream, he languished in their demise.

Once he was done, he approached me. His bloody teeth were ripping across
the meth head’s face, the first time I had ever seen a part of his true
form. He spoke of killing the last person I had in this dreamscape he
inhabited: my mother. Somehow, she had yet to be seen in the trilogy of
dreams. I knew I couldn’t let him have her. So I told him I would do
anything for her life. He stepped close enough that all I could see were
his eyes. Eyes that didn’t belong to him. In that moment, all there was
was grey skin carved with demonic symbols around the eyes. He made one
request: “Kiss me.”

I did. Anything to save my mother. And then I was in a small room. There
were TVs lining one wall, like surveillance footage. Each screen showed
a different place in my life. My schools, my family homes. Some were
completely black, some showed the colorful bars of no signal. But the
thing was, the room was entirely in greyscale. As I looked around, I
noticed water damaged walls took up the rest of the space, along with
the meth head in a single rickety chair. There was a tube, like PVC
pipe, sticking out of his head.

This was my chance to see the monster for what he really was. So I
quickly walked over and looked down the tube. I was wrong, however. When
I looked through, I saw the waterlogged floor. And then he was gone. The
TVs were all off. And there was water slowly filling the room. It got to
my ankles before I woke up.

Life went on. Painfully so. My mother was pregnant soon after that. And
my little brother was born. I loved him at first. But the man started
coming to my windows when he was around two. I was suddenly engulfed in
responsibility for my brother. And the man knew I was full of fear and
anger. So he offered an ear for my troubles, and I naievly let him in.
Then it was more anger toward my brother, which should have been aimed
at my mother and stepfather.

Here is why I must warn others of him. He began whispering in my ear to
do terrible things. And at my weakest point, around when my brother was
four, I began to see images of myself killing those close to me. Not
hallucinations. But visions in my mind. Stabbing my best friend in the
neck with a fork, strangling my parent’s friends that misspoke about
their intentions. And then, when I was once again left to babysit my
brother on a weekend I was meant to go to a concert, I snapped.

I don’t know how it happened. I remember being angry with my brother.
And I stormed into the kitchen to get away from him. I remember looking
out the window over the sink, full of rage that I didn’t get to have a
childhood any longer. There were crimson eyes outside, I do remember
that. And the next thing I remember was holding my brother down while he
was screaming. He was scared, for real. I had awoken from my haze,
holding a knife to his throat. I screamed in fear too. I threw the knife
away and scooped him up in my arms. I apologized over and over. But I’ll
never forgive myself for that. I’ll never forgive the Man in the Window.

From that point on, I shut him out the best I could. I never spoke of
that night to anyone. I was too ashamed. Even now, twenty years later, I
can hear him tapping at the walls of my mind. But I will never let him
in again.

So if you hear his whispers, know that he is not a friend. He is a
dreadful enemy that must stay outside. Close your blinds if he starts to
appear in your mind, and never make a deal with him.
