The mountains are older than time itself, with stories just as old.

Growing up in rural Appalachia, we were taught stories and fables meant
to teach us and warn us, just like anyone else. Then there were other
stories. Stories that anywhere else would be labeled as myth, legend, or
superstition.

But they are true.

Things that we didn’t have to believe.

They were just true.

Stories that get passed around as ghost stories, or real beings that get
trivialized and merchandised.

Our story. Our life. Our home. Our horror and reality.

Sold for cheap thrills.

I write this as a cautionary tale.

With my strength failing me and my thoughts on home and what I have left
behind, I want to add to the record and to the second set of stories.

This is not a fable, a dream, or a scary story.

I was born April 7, 1950. I don’t care to talk much about my upbringing,
but suffice it to say it was rough. Dad mean and gone to the mine all
day, and mama trying her best.

She always wanted more for me, but I could never escape the siren song
of the mines.

There wasn’t much for work in Logan County, West Virginia. The only
option seemed to be to work in the mines or move out of town.

So at 18, with no money to move, I joined the union and went to work
down in the mines.

The year I started, it had been 47 years since the Battle of Blair
Mountain. Ten thousand miners arose to battle for workers’ rights.
Fighting against the coal companies, their hired guns, crooked cops, and
even the federal government.

My father was a child then. He knew many of the men killed, his father
among them.

My first day in the mine, I understood why my dad was so mean and stayed
drunk all the time.

One of the stories I never quite believed was of the shadow men in the
mines.

Men, miners, that had been called home while in or around the mines,
whose spirits were left to wander and rot in the all consuming darkness
of the mountain.

Men punished not for their sins, but that of the companies they slaved
for.

The mountain had been violated and ravaged by greed, with no thought or
heed given to where they were or what was there.

I had been told of these shadow men as long as I can remember and have
never believed in them.

As I prepared for my shift, I found myself walking into the mine.
Grizzled, aged, and exhausted men walking in with me.

I was lucky enough to get onto day shift.

As we walked in, night shift was walking out. I didn’t expect it to be
so quiet. Looking around, I saw the men to either side of me with their
heads down, focusing on something past the ground that we were walking
on.

As we continued to walk, I watched the men passing us and I saw a man
that I recognized. A face I had only seen in one old family picture.

I stopped.

Staring at who I knew, although never met, was my grandfather. He hadn’t
aged from the picture I knew him from.

The man behind me gave me a shove, making me lurch forward, catching
myself before I hit the ground.

Followed by a fear filled whisper of, “Keep moving, keep your eyes
down.”

My eyes now fixed on the unseen beneath our feet like all those around
me, I walked on.

As we got to where our work would begin, I realized I hadn’t blinked
since the encounter. I closed my eyes and rubbed them. I pulled out my
bandana and wiped the sweat already beading down my face.

When I opened my eyes again, nearly a third of the men I walked in with
were gone.

John Todd, a long time family friend, was the man who had pushed me
coming in.

He must have seen the surprise and fear written on my face.

“What’s wrong, boy? Don’t you know who the shadow men are?”

I did.

I just had never believed the stories.

I gave a slow nod, still in shock.

“Wa was that my grandfather?”

John’s reply did not, could not, bring me any comfort.

“He’s been walking back and forward with night shift longer than I’ve
been in the mines.”

This to me signified that not only does the mine take you and keep you
if you die there, it claims you long before you die.

My grandfather had died in Sharples, fighting sheriff and state
deputies, nowhere near the mines.

I shook off the thought and got back to work.

That was life for me for the next 12 years. The shadow men just another
part of life that wasn’t ignored but wasn’t talked about either.

Just don’t look at them, speak to them, or touch them.

The last day I was in the mines is a day that I will never forget.

It started like any other, walking in and through the mine, passing and
walking with the men that had passed before me, trapped and claimed by
the mine.

About halfway in, the point where I would normally see my grandfather, I
saw a pair of not quite natural feet stopped, not moving, just in my
peripheral.

I gave a quick glance.

It was him.

He seemed to look at me fondly, like he remembered the grandson he had
never met.

I now believe this was a warning.

At the time, I was beyond scared and wanted more than anything to be
anywhere else.

I pushed on anyway.

Walking beside John, even though he had passed years before.

We started work like any other day.

The shadow men disappeared, breaking the silence that we had walked in
with, and work began.

My mind only halfway on my work, I looked down at my watch. Almost lunch
time.

I was ripped out of the fog in my mind.

As I looked up, I could see the men with me, but also ones that I had
only seen while walking in.

A chill struck me to the bone.

The earth moved.

Popping and cracking all around us.

Ancient rocks and dirt raining down, I found myself running before my
mind could catch up.

I passed friends crushed and pinned by rocks. Men yelling for help that
I couldn’t give.

I needed to get out.

I found myself being chased by the men that were no longer men.

Anger and guile written on their faces.

It was time for the mountain to collect.

Looking back forward, a single entity stood before me, my grandfather.

Giving me a nod, I passed him, keeping my eyes glued on the man I never
knew. I watched as he fought back all the poor trapped souls.

I could see light.

I was so close.

Tripping, I fell into more than the dirt, but also into the deepest hole
of dread I’d ever felt.

Looking back and working to stand back up, one shadow reached me,
grabbing my arm.

It burned. Visible smoke coming off of my arm.

I pulled and fought and clawed to the opening of the mine. The mine, the
thing that wasn’t a man, disappearing into smoke as a ray of sun shone
across its face.

I scrambled out of the mine, collapsing just outside.

I woke up in the boss’s office. They tried to talk.

I didn’t listen.

They wanted to know what happened. I couldn’t tell them.

I later learned I was the only one to make it out.

I never returned to work.

I was paid out by the company for workers’ comp for the burn and the
shoulder I, in the moment, didn’t know I had torn.

With that money, I moved far away to downtown Nashville.

I retired from the union and now draw my check, which pays enough to
keep me here.

I’m writing this now as a record of not only what happened, but also of
what I fear will.

I am now 76, and I am dying.

I was diagnosed with black lung years ago, but I know the end is near.

I know I am getting close because last week I saw a miner at the end of
the hall.

I may have left the mine, but it never left me.

My lungs stained black with coal dust.

I am and was always condemned. Claimed by the mountain all those years
ago.

The miner in the hall is getting closer.
