It all started three nights ago, I had just arrived from my shift at the
local gas station and it was midnight. I’ve taken some sandwiches from
my job, as i don’t usually get hungry at night, opened a cold beer and
sit on my couch to eat while I take a look at whatever they are putting
on TV. When I finished I started to get ready to go for my usual late
night smoke, I like to go outside for a walk to do it since my city at
this hours is so calm and relaxing, I took a view from my window and
that was the first time I saw it.

I live on the 4th floor and my living room windows have good views to
this abandon-like park thats no more than a few trees, a slide that no
kid has used for years an some benches alongside it.

When I looked through my window I saw a tall figure underneath the
streetlight, it was clearly human and it seems like it was wearing a
trench coat and a hat. “Hmm very suspicious” I thought, but it wasn’t
that strange, I mean, I live in a poor neighborhood on the outskirts of
the city so seeing this kind of strange people around isn’t really a big
deal and he wasn’t doing something strange, just standing there beneath
the light.

I didn’t give it importance and i just took my keys, tobacco and a
lighter and went out to that very same park I can see from my window.

When I reached there the man was already gone. But while I was smoking
and walking I realized something was wrong…

I took a look at my building and realized that my window was wide open
and the lights on.

I couldn’t believe it, I could had forgotten to turn of the lights ok
and yeah I had just looked throught my window moments ago but why the
hell would I open it? This city is so cold and I only open that window
in the mornings to let a little bit of air flow.

It has been a rough week so I thought that maybe it was paying on me,
anyways I started walking back home since I didn’t want my apartment to
get cold.

When I arrived I went directly to close the window and then went to the
bedroom to sleep, its been a hard week bu tomorrow I have to work too so
no time to worry.

The next day pass in the blink of an eye, and when I realized I was
finishing my night beer and getting ready for my smoke, that’s when I
saw it again.

This time he was walking across the park but it was…strange, the way he
walks was so erratic I don’t know how to define it but it’s like he
didnt’t know how to properly walk and then I realized something.

There were no visible breathing, as I said I live in a very cold area so
this makes no sense at all, was he walking around the park holding his
breath? Anyways I only saw a glimpse of him between the trees so I
thought that I was tired and nothing else.

I went to the park as usual(not before double checking that my window
was closed and my lights off) and the first thing I did was take a look
at my window from the park.

It was close and no lights inside but then a shiver ran down my spine.

Although it was dark and only the streetlights shed some light I could
see, more like I could feel that there was someone in my apartment,
watching me from the window.I couldn’t see clearly, but it has a hat on
and it was just there standing looking at me.

I panicked a lot, at first I thought about calling the police but I
focused my eyes on the window again and I couldn’t see anything, I
attributed it to the stress, I live in a 4th floor and its not like if a
thief would lost time looking through the window.

So i went home, the door was locked just like it leave it, i went inside
and checked that everything was right and that nothing was missing and
went to sleep thinking about getting another job since it seems that
this schedule and the stress are starting to mess with me.

The next day I keep thinking about the trench coat man and this days
strange things in the work so it went by faster than normal and I was
already heading home with my sandwich.

As I was finishing dinner, I took a look at the park and saw him again,
standing beneath the light. “Maybe there are some kids trying to scare
me?” I thought, so I decided to turn off the lights and see what he does
when it seems like I abandoned my home. This was the single worst
decision I took all of this days.

I turn the light off and went running to the window to see what he does.
At first it was normal, It keep standing for a while and then started
walking in that strange manner, still no visible breathing but who know
maybe it was covering his face with a scarf or whatever.

Then it disappeared from my view and nothing happens, “Man I’m really
getting paranoid” but just when I was about to stop looking and leave I
saw it in the distance.

The trench coat man, running towards my building, and it was no running
like a normal person, more like some kind of animal on 4 legs.I
panicked, didnt’t knew what to do but who knows maybe it was just some
crazy dude ? even if it was running to my building whats the most he
could do ?

He reached my building so fast, I had my heart in my mouth and it almost
fell like it stopped beating when I saw him start to climb. His hands
were like this claw-like thing nothing like a human hand, it started
climbing my facade and I ran away as fast as I could, I locked myself in
the bathroom and started to pray for my life.

I heard my window open from the outside, I heard the erratic footsteps
walking through my flat, and then I promise that he came to the bathroom
door and stood there for god knows how long. I was curled on a corner,
covering my mouth trying not to make a single sound, and like an hour
later I heard him walk, he went to the window and I really think that i
heard him jump…

I slept in the bathroom, I was so scared and didn’t want to come out
till the morning.

When I woke up, I went outside the bathroom still trembling but it was
gone. There was nothing strange in my house, the window were close and
there was no sign of no one being there besides me.

I went to the police to told them what happened but they treat me like
crazy.They said that they had checked the street cameras and there is no
sign of this trench coat man in all the neighborhood, they went to check
my building too and there was not a single sign of someone climbing the
facade. They told me that I should be more careful about what I smoked
and that the police its only there for serious matters.

I felt desolate, no one believed my story and that’s why I’m writing
this on my way home from the police station but then I realized.

It was already night and i couldn’t see my breath.
