CW: Mentions of and LIGHT depictions of unsubscribing from existence,
potential triggering topic for those with religious trauma and/or
negative experience with weapons.
You have been warned, proceed at your own risk.

This post is a deadman’s switch, meaning if you are seeing this…I am no
longer here.
I won’t get into the specifics of the organization I’m associated with
or the exact nature of my work since that won’t matter. They have and
always will find a way to hide themselves, so there is no point in even
trying to expose more than what is needed. What I will tell you is that
I am not protecting them rather I want the focus to be on the
information that I died for so that the public can know.
The religious organization turned deadly cult known as “Fruit of Love”
lead by a woman now infamously known as “Mother Carmelita” has died by
suicide via police (it was not exactly police but for the sake of
simplicity we will just use police as a placeholder). Before being
gunned down, she shot one responder square in the face with a sawed off
shotgun and shouted in a shaky voice,
“Do everything in love!”
She was shot 27 times, which very much is overkill. However, given the
nature of the report that brought us there. It was not surprising why
police acted in excess.
In her church, we found the remaining congregation had also committed
suicide by means of candy laced with various chemicals including drain
cleaner, pesticides, and pure lye. There were 108 adults, 36 children,
and multiple goat corpses that were cut up and mangled for presumably
the last mass.
I’ll never forget the fact that all of their eyes were open. Eyes that
should have been lively looked more like plastic eyes you would see in
older dolls, think the dolls that would blink if you held them at
specific angles.
Mother Carmelita, while deranged and wicked deep down, was able to trick
many into thinking she was kinder than she actually was due to being one
of few religious figures that was accepting of gay and lesbian
individuals at that time.
At the peak of Fruit of Love, they had 50,000 members. Most of the
people left as soon as they had joined due to it being a fad at the time
to be a “Seedling of Carmelita”. Unfortunately, a notable amount of
members had lost their battle against AIDS related illnesses, given the
development of the cult during the AIDS epidemic. It is quite sad and I
do pray for all those who have lost a person who they cared about during
this time.
We would later learn that Carmelita herself, from her personal journals,
was very much indifferent to gay and lesbian individuals. Her writings
suggest she saw the AIDS epidemic as an opportunity to grow rather than
as providing a genuine safe haven.
By the time we received the report of the mass suicide that was about to
occur from someone we put undercover, her religious group was at its
lowest point. Funds had nearly dried, most members had left, and they
all lived in that church.
We had found the undercover operative deceased, though we found the
candy that he was supposed to eat unopened. Making causes of death
unknown still at the time of writing this.
I was apart of the “clean-up crew” as we had called it. I realize now
how insensitive that sounds. Our task was simple each and every time
during events like these; we document what we see, we get the bodies
packed up, we bring them back to HQ, and then we assist researchers as
well as morticians in the process of both collecting further data and
laying the bodies to rest.
I carried Mother Carmelita to one of the cars, I have had lots of
exposures to dead bodies. Each one I would say is different to some
level. Some immediately go cold, some rot eerily fast, and some may have
already had that post-death bowel movement.
Mother Carmelita was different from anything else though, I have
encountered bodies that would still be warm during the process but she
was as warm as you or I would be while walking around. The color never
drained from her face.
The bleeding from her bullet wounds had stopped and there was still
remnants of blood on her skin but it seemed as though the wounds
themselves were scabbing up.
What I had documented was that she had fallen straight onto her back.
The majority of the bullets had entered her head, neck, and chest. she
did had one bullet lodged in her left arm but that one was the outlier.
My peers had carried most of the bodies out already. I’m a slow worker,
I like to be thorough especially given the generous salary we were
given.
I remember just getting an odd feeling as I rode in the passengers seat
looking back at her. A face riddled with bullet holes appeared serene
with a slight smile on her face.
“Hey Brody?” I asked.
“What’s up Connor?”
“Mother Carmelita…do you think it’s true she was engaging in Santeria?”
“Some crazed white bitch pretending to be apart of another culture for
manipulative gain? Nope, never heard that before.”
“Like you are so PC and open-minded? You think the earth rests on the
back of turtle you call Jerome the Dome.”
“Do not disrespect Jerome the Dome. You try swimming in the ultimate
abyss.” He hissed at me.
“Whatever, I still don’t know how you got that idea.” I said as I turned
my head to face forward again. “It is sad what happened to those people,
they probably really did believe whatever she was telling them.”
“It is sad, but the American government and CIA are more occupied with
doing damage control on their politicians not on their citizens,” He
explained as we arrived at HQ. He parked the car in the designated spot
for transportation.
“That’s where we come in”, he continued as he turned off the car and
exited the drivers side.
I left the car as well heading toward the backseat to move Carmelita.
As we got her on the stretcher, I noticed a significant change.
“What the hell?” I thought.
Brody and I both looked to see that all bullet wounds, entrances and
exits, had perfectly healed up. Giving the impression she was never
shot.
“I mean I’ve seen weird, but nothing like this.” Brody claimed.
“What are we supposed to do?” I asked.
“Well most people would leave at this point because clearly this is the
start of something bad…let’s bring her inside and let the geniuses deal
with it.” He replied.
We wheeled her inside to the designated area. There stood Dr. Long and
our mortician Brenda.
When we presented the body to them, they looked at the body then us then
back at the body with a puzzled look.
“I was told over the radio that she had died from gunshot wounds. Where
are the gunshot wounds?” Dr. Long inquired while touching the parts of
the body that still had blood stains.
Brenda took the scene in longer, cocking her head to the side like a
confused dog.
“Incorruptible.” Brenda commented.
Brody and I looked at each other with confusion. Out of the corner of my
eye I could see Dr. Long roll her eyes and let out a slight huff.
“Brenda, we aren’t having this conversation again.” Dr. Long snapped.
“Zhao, I’ve been a mortician way longer than you have been a physician.
I’ve seen more cadavers and dead bodies in a single year than you have
seen in 12 years of medicine.” She barked back passive aggressively.
“Incorruptible?” I asked as I turned to look at Brenda.
“It’s not exactly an incorruptible I should say but it’s pretty close.
In Catholicism, there are certain miracles that occur. Stigmata,
visions, speaking in tongues, statute of Mary crying. One of these
miracles is a person or more a saint being an incorruptible.”
“Maybe I’m slow but that means exactly..?” Brody chimed in.
“It means the body is too pure of soul to rot.” Dr. Long and Brenda said
in unison, though Dr. Long had a mocking tone and Brenda had an excited
one.
Brenda shot Dr. Long a dirty look. Dr. Long just stuck her tongue out at
Brenda.
“Even then still these supposed incorruptible bodies can still sustain
damage.” Dr. Long added.
“Ok first of all, putting melting candles next someone’s dead face is
going to mess up the skin no matter what. Other than that, Saint
Catherine hasn’t rotted, just has bad skin.” Brenda added snidely.
“That still does not explain the missing bullet holes?” I added.
“That is a mystery, she’s also still very warm? Are you two just pulling
our legs?” Dr. Long asked.
“For the money we are getting, never.” Brody replied.
“Alright you two. Hand over your documentation and we will do further
assessment from there. Ready Dr. Long?” Brenda explained.
Dr. Long nodded, we reached into our bags and gave our documentation
along with cameras for them to assess the body more.
We left to help the others unload other bodies into the facility.
It was hard looking at collected evidence brought in along with the
bodies.
Teddy Bears.
Dolls.
Cross necklaces.
Wedding bands.
Even the sawed off shotgun.
I know by now they should “just be bodies” but for me I find it harder
to act as though they are just sacks of meat.
Two and a half hours had passed, all the evidence and bodies had been
brought in. Brody and I were just sitting in the car listening to the
radio, chatting about life and other things.
We were waiting to hear back from the gals, we usually stay out of their
business until they radio us for help. It’s an atypical format I know
but it what helps the process flow better for Dr. Long and Brenda.
“Come in now.” Dr. Long radioed.
We left the car and started heading inside.
When we got inside, we saw quite a sight.
Carmelita lay on the metal table naked but covered by a sheet with
pristine skin and her eyes were wide open with a closed mouth smile. She
was looking straight into the ceiling light.
We scanned further to see Dr. Long huddled in the corner and Brenda back
to us facing a wall.
“What the he-“
“GET AWAY FROM THE TABLE!” Dr Long screamed. “WHY ARE YOU HERE?!”
We hurried over to where Dr. Long in the corner.
“What do you mean?! You told us to come in on the radio.” Brody asked.
“Our radio has been broken for the last hour. Brenda accidentally
elbowed it off the table. There’s no way a message could have reached
you guys!” Dr.Long said in a panicked voice.
I heard faint mumbling coming from Brenda as her face was practically
pressed to the wall.
I got up from my crouching alongside Dr. Long and Brody, approaching
Brenda.
As I got closer I could now make out what she was saying.
Even as I walk through the valley of the shadow of death…Even as I walk
through the valley of the shadow of death…even as I walk through…
“Brenda? You ok?” I asked.
She turned to me and I knew something was wrong immediately.
“Even as I walk through the valley of the shadow of death…I have seen
the light in her and through her…I…do everything in love!” She whispered
maniacally.
I backed away slowly as I saw those plastic eyes again staring at me
through the face of Brenda. My friend Brenda, my coworker of 7 years is
gone.
What was Brenda turned back towards the table grabbed the body and
booked it out the doors repeatedly screaming with a horrifying laugh,
“DO EVERYTHING IN LOVE!”
It happened so fast that it didn’t initially kick in for me to follow,
the only thing I did was turn back towards Dr.Long slowly and ask,
“What happened in here?” I asked with a shaky voice.
Dr. Long swallowed her panicked breath before continuing to breath fast,
she reached into her back lab coat pocket and pulled out a folded pocket
knife. She unfolded the knife to reveal a blade stained in blood and
caked in bits of tissue.
“The body is incorruptible.” She replied before bursting into a full
wailing cry. Dr. Long is a veteran and a physician. One of the toughest
people I know. When she started to cry, that’s when the proper instincts
kicked in. I turned and immediately ran out after Brenda with the body.
Brody followed suit based on the footsteps behind me.
I am not a particularly athletic person, especially when it comes to
sports involving running but I can tell you that day I ran better than I
had in my entire life.
I followed the sounds of crazed laughter echoing before the echo stopped
and became more distant. That’s when I realized, she had gotten outside.
I flung open the emergency exit to see Brenda running with freakishly
long strides given her shorter stature.
She was now sprinting across the grass, still laughing and spitting out
that phrase but it closer and faster repetitions.
“DO EVERYTHING IN LOVE! DO EVERYTHING IN LOVE! DO EVERYTHING IN LOVE!”
She shrieked with a shrill voice.
As she got closer and closer to the gate, I knew what was to come.
The guards.
The guards came out with large automatic guns and gave Brenda only one
warning.
“Stop” the guard said firmly, aiming the gun at her head.
Despite being decently far away I could only hear her laugh but she
seemed to say something to the guard before lunging forward still
carrying the body.
I have never heard so many gunshots in my life. I watched as I saw what
I can only describe as Brenda being turned into pulled pork in real
time.
My friend was being shot down but never stopped laughing for a moment.
When all had cleared and Brenda was now the equivalent of a flesh soup
on the ground. Brody and I slowly made our way up to where the guards
were at.
At first they proceeded with normal procedures for the organization,
examine the scene, begin radioing higher ups. However, as we got closer,
we saw one of the guards freeze as her stared down at one of the bodies
before slowly backing up a few steps before turning away into a full
sprint screaming.
When Brody and I arrived at the scene, we were stunned at what we saw.
Brenda’s flesh had begun moving like a seal pulling itself onto a beach
onto Mother Carmelita’s body. A body that had once again been damaged by
bullet holes. The flesh filled each and every wound as though it were a
cup of soda. Every bullet hole became packed with Brenda’s flesh before
the remaining flesh migrated to Mother Carmelita’s face.
Mother Carmelita’s skin began crawling over the wounds to cover them
before fusing themselves back together as though there had never been a
bullet.
The process was completed and all that remained on the pristine body was
the flesh pile covering Carmelita’s face.
Hastily, I pushed the grounded meaty mound off the face.
Mother Carmelita’s face was now in the expression of a toothy smile with
wide open eyes. Her eyes themselves were affixed to the entrance gate.
Higher ups were called and ranks above us removed Mother Carmelita’s
body and placed it in a higher security facility.
Neither myself nor Brody has heard from or anything about Dr. Long in
two weeks. We know what likely happened.
That is why we decided, together, that we are going to break in and burn
the body. I realize that seems stupid but the body seems to be able to
heal from forces such as stabbing or being shot but it isn’t
unreasonable to think that it may not like fire.
It may be a stupid plan but how could anyone in their right mind not try
something? I mean one of my friends is dead and one is likely dead.
I’m a bachelor with no immediate family, all I had was this company and
these friends. My actions may be stupid but I do truly believe my intent
is noble.
To anyone reading this, I want you to take this one thing away if not
anything else. If a body does not decay, does not retain harm.
Essentially, if you find an incorruptible…
Leave the body alone.
It wants you to interact with it.
Don’t.
