The flies eat the scraps, the spiders eat the flies, and I eat the
spiders. Psycho of life. My apologies: I meant cycle of life.

I suppose you’d call me well-off: no trouble with creditors, no bills to
pay, no further need to work, and no mortgage on the old Victorian
nestled against Loon Lake, in that part of Maine no one since the
Penobscot Indians has really settled. But I have my own troubles and
foibles. I’m too quiet for one; my mother always said she could hear my
black thoughts, and I had better open up my mouth to drown them out. For
another, I cannot for the life of me find one good thing to do. In my
childhood, I had learning to do: geometry and arithmetic and history and
all the literature my tutor would allow me. I had games to play, other
children and my parents to learn from, to assimilate and grow into. Even
in the asylum, after the fire, I had projects and schedules and order.
But now…. I’ve walked and then memorized all the forest there is to walk
within ten, perhaps twenty, miles of the house; I’ve swum down to the
very bottom of the lake, even walked it with a wet suit, an old brass
diving helmet, and about two thousand feet of rubber hose for the air.
That one took a few days and nights to set up, and for all my trouble, I
found nothing down there of note save for an old rotten sail boat that
perhaps floated four people.

These days, I write longhand while listening to my mother and father’s
records, or walk the house, inspecting it and noting things I either
must or might do to it. For about a month straight, in the darkness of
night, I took to lighting two or three candles at once and watching them
to see which one burned down to the brass last. The optimal shape, in
terms of efficiency, appears to be a slightly conical cylinder, a pitch
of three degrees off plumb, and definitely no longer than one’s forearm.
I suppose that’s why it’s so popular a shape. The roof leaks a little,
and to pass the time and save the floorboards on the third floor, I
follow the drips around with a tin bucket.

I used to take the car into Rockwood once a week or so—there’s a good
grocer there; I think his name was Charles and perhaps still is—and
once, perhaps a year ago, I drove all the way down to Bangor to see what
all the fuss in the papers was about. Some chemical attack it had been,
acid in the face of a journalist or something of the like. I dare say,
however, the good people of Bangor were more frightened to see my sallow
face and dark countenance. Though surely their city is too far for the
old tales to spread, I saw more eyes meet mine and dart away on that day
trip than I have in two years of chance encounters.

Thus expelled (and with a lesson learned) I retired once more to my
house on Loon Lake, and preferred thereon to order my groceries and
necessities by telephone and have them delivered to me by Albert
Codsworth. He was a good chauffeur, both of goods and of myself, and
ever the servant to my mother and father. Quiet and stern most of the
time, yet also possessed of a dry British wit, I liked the man and
considered him a dear friend. He had three children, all grown up and
each with grandchildren on the way for him…yet I haven’t seen him in
months. Has he, too, abandoned me? Has even that old chap moved on or
perished? Something in me doubts the latter; he was but fifty, and in
pristine health for such an age. No, I fear even he has seen the change
in the world and fled from it, and I can hardly blame him.

But it is not all dark and dreary; I have plenty of stores. Potted meat,
salted meat, canned fruits and vegetables, a garden that I tend, and
pickling vessels of an oriental design which allow one to take his
spoils and add more to be pickled. Upon those lines, I can survive this
period of lonesomeness; upon those of sanity and self-actualization, I’m
not so sure.

This is, I suppose, why I read and write so much, why I take my meals of
salt pork and pickled beets or pickled cabbage or pickled onion in the
library, where the empty spaciousness of the house is somewhat abated by
the stacks of novels and tales. More oft than not, I find myself reading
Faulkner or Dostoevsky by candlelight with the hard tinge of vinegar
still in my nose, the lingering of salt on my tongue, and the west tower
creaking in the wind. A few bad joists in that tower…I’ll need to get
around to some carpentry, it seems.

On a very similar night, one week ago by my journal, I encountered the
first spider. Not the first spider of my life, of course—I suppose if I
had to count, I have seen just under two thousand spiders all told—but
the first of these spiders.

He spun down in front of my nose as Edmond Dantes wrapped himself in his
dead friend’s body bag, upon his escape from the Chateau d’If. The
thing’s body was coal black, splotched with clouds of a light brown, and
a little larger than a dime; his legs spread about a quarter. He twisted
in the flickering candlelight, spun out another few inches, then
stopped, either satisfied at his descent (perhaps trying to read along)
or indecisive now that he saw he had encountered one of the great apes.
I leaned back, considering for a dark moment to slam the pages of this
tome together right on him, but any satisfaction I could have garnered
from his little body flattened instantaneously to the breadth of a page
would abandon me the moment I wanted to read again. Nor could I do that
to our dear friend Alexandre Dumas.

Instead, I drew in a breath and blew softly at him. I still do not know,
even with mindful reflection that borders on panicked recollection, what
possessed me to taunt him as he hung by a thin web not eight inches from
my face, yet I did. I rounded my lips and sent him a minute gust of
wind. Should he creak and sway as the house does, I thought to
myself, should he creak, then perchance he is a friend.

If the spider did creak as would an old beam of wood, or if his tether
rung and croaked as would a bridge’s cable, it was inaudible to me. He
only swayed and spun, his many small eyes searching me, his tiny alien’s
mind wondering and wandering; and I knew then I would find no friend in
this being. As to finding in him a villain or adversary, I felt unsure.
When his small pendulous arc dissipated, I, now leaning in my chair so
there lay a foot between us yet still with the book open and my hands on
its beginning and end, opened my mouth to speak.

“What are you about?” I said. No words above a whisper had passed my
lips in days, perhaps weeks, and they came now stilted and from a dry
throat. A thunderbolt cracked across the sky above, engulfing the candle
and the world in shrill blue-white, and two breaths later its boom
resounded, fading in moments to rumbling cannons. “I fear it’s going to
rain again tonight. Wettest summer in ten years, I think.”

The silence seemed to spread from the spider himself, enwrapping me. I
licked my lips.

“If you please…” I cleared my throat. “Would you…”

Suddenly, I slipped my hands from underneath the book’s cover, shoved
the chair backward, and stood.

“I’ll be going now.” I glanced toward the roof, heard the beginning
pitter-patter of the sky coming down on the shingles. “I must retrieve
my bucket.”

For moments yet, however, I did not turn—indeed, I did not break my
stare with him. He made no move but to twist on his web, tiny face and
eyes meeting mine, rotating away, meeting mine, rotating away. Only when
I believed my breath might cease in my aching chest and my eyes spew
from them a river did I spin and thrust myself away, my skin prickling,
the muscles of my neck the north pole of a magnet; the little devil on
his web the south.

I fled from the library without retrieving a candle, and despite knowing
these halls (I thought) like the back of my hand, I wandered about for
minutes in a state of half torpor, half panic. The image of the spider
on his cable of silk would drop slowly into my mind as I fumbled and
tapped my way around a corner, his long black legs would curl then
unfurl, his fat body would spin slow as a planet, his pin-prick eyes
would catch mine, and I would blow him away with much more gusto than I
had while we palavered above the pages. And though I saw still the
yellow-orange glow cast from the open library door, I dared not go back,
even to run and snatch the light from my reading desk, even to peer in
and assure myself the spider had crawled back up his web and let me
alone.

I found myself in the parlor as the tumult came truly alive, saved from
bowling into my father’s cigar cabinet by a strike of lightning which
threw the parlor’s entirety into stark relief for a moment. Also in that
moment, I located the lantern, just where I had left it the previous
night. I retrieved it carefully and held it to my chest as if it were a
charm. Breathing deeply, I gave the lantern a gentle shake and decided
its kerosene contents would suffice for an hour of bright light, enough
that I could see to the third floor, locate the worst drip and place my
bucket there, then venture into the storeroom in the basement for more
kerosene. Renewed, I set the lantern back on the table, pressurized its
contents with three quick pumps of its plunger, and started the wick
aflame with the matches in my breast pocket. If only I had recalled them
in my flight through the halls, I might have saved myself from rapping
my knee against the wainscoting. Then again, I might have dropped them
from my shaking fingers, losing light save for that of the lightning
until the morning sun came.

Imbued then with both the heat and the light of the lantern, I began my
mission upstairs. You may think, dear reader, that I balked at every
shadow my lantern threw, that I jumped and whined at every strike of
lightning and their ensuing thunderous outcries, and did these things
with a spider’s black eyes peering into my soul at every turn…yet I did
not. The experience had, more than I later thought possible, dissolved
from my mind, leaving at most a mental smell, some warm tinge like a
house long-wrought with mildew, a thing one becomes nose-blind to in an
hour or so. And so too did I become blind to the happening that night,
only following the drips with my old tin bucket, muttering along as I
was wont to do; and when I returned downstairs to refill my kerosene
lamp, I noticed the glow from the library and frowned and went in and
closed my book and put out the candle with a wetted finger.

In the dream I lay on the side of a mountain, bed, bedclothes, and all.
A dark, cold wind blew about and rose the covers and my flesh. A sky of
starless night peered back at me, somehow echoing and vibrating its inky
self, and though I could feel my limbs, knew of their existence, I could
move no more than to adjust my fingers and toes. I stared into that
abyss, and after a time (though I cannot say how long) the darkness
began to take on a shape. I cannot, even now, say just what that shape
was, or why it forced itself upon the sky. I can say only that I saw it
that first night and that whatever it may be—a god, a demon, a glimpse
past the stars—it laid a great terror into my heart, and I will never
forget the breadth of it, the soul-deep ache of it.

Whatever it may be that causes man to cease immediately and inexorably
in some menial task, to cease in that moment and peer out at nothing but
empty space and feel tension and the memory of its tensor, indeed to
feel what he does not know…whatever it may be, the abstract of animal
instinct or Jung’s collective unconscious or an insulating gift from
God, I do know that it exists. For although I had forgotten my
experience with the spider the previous night, forgotten his body and
his sinewy string and the shape of the dream which in that unconscious
moment I knew he had engendered, I experienced quite a few of those
moments of stark, reality-softening recollection.

One such came as I knelt in the garden, pruning the cucumbers and
humming, happy to feel the sun on my neck, the damp earth under my
knees. When I leaned back and peered with a thin smile toward the line
of forest, I saw him in and behind the fork of a large elm. He was made
of branches and limbs, thinner twined together with thicker and seeming
to hang languorously, shaded by the arms and fingers of the trees. And
for all that he was green and lively brown and wooden, rather than his
normal mingling of black and brown, of bulbous body and spiny limb, my
under-mind knew him for a certainty.

The man who sat amongst birdsong and the smell of the night’s rain and
the warmth of a star, however, did not know him and thus blinked and
shook his head and took back up his scissors and bent back to pruning
and picking and pickling.

It took two nights more of rain and thunder to recall fully and
consciously my first experience with the spider and the dream that
ensued. On that second, I soaked my salt pork, fried it, and sat at the
table under my family’s crest to eat it, and only then did I look up to
see him then unsee him in the flickering shadow of a corner. In that
flash of sight, I remembered him: his spontaneous drop into my field of
vision, his legs curling and spreading as if to test the air, his eyes
and mind on mine, the way I fled from the library and could not return.
Also in that momentary sighting, I might have sworn he had grown. And
indeed he would have; the rain had made many a pool for the eggs of
flies, and though I had at the beginning of the summer taken by many
wheelbarrows the pile of compost another tenth of a mile from the house,
and otherwise and as a rule keep a tidy space, I smack down perhaps five
flies in a day—and impotently glare at the other ten I cannot reach. I’m
sure this spider and all the rest who find those corners and small
vacancies only apparent to themselves are eating very well.

My heart thumped along, and though the smell of fried pork hung heavy
and inviting in my nose, I could not bear to still my shaking knife to
cut into it, nor bear even to pick at it and pretend I had not seen him.
My stomach lay empty and wanting in my middle, yet how could I take my
eyes from the corner long enough to fill it?

Instead, I set my utensils across the plate and rose, trying not to make
a sound. I took up my candle and cautiously made for the corner in which
he had appeared. Step by step, the shadow shrunk in on itself, and step
by step, the beat of my heart and the pace of my breath rose to match
the beating of drops on the dining-room window. He is in the wind, I
thought frantically, he is in the wind and he comes only with the grey
and the black. What is he, who torments a once-strong mind, who views
with his eight tiny eyes a man so lost in solitude and with his
hydraulic legs contrives to spin this man up into a net of ill wonders?

I found the corner empty, yet so empty as to arouse in me further
suspicion. At once the vacancy of my stomach was not for lack of food,
but for a sudden frightful knowledge; and gasping, I tore away from the
dining room and flew toward my bedroom and peered with the vigor of an
impeding conflict into each corner and each dangerous space between
furniture large enough to house him. Yet he had evaded me again, the
intelligent beast; I found only one cord of sinewy silk between my
dresser and the wainscoting, spanning the six-inch space like a rope
bridge. By its placement and by its texture (for I tore it away from my
things and held it aloft between my hands and stared at it against the
flame of my candle) it was of his making.

The rest of that stormy evening I spent with my head in my journal,
penning furiously my thoughts on the happening. Thunder cracked, and
wind rose and fell and shifted north to south to east to west, and I was
beset not with the madness of an emptied mind, but that of one filled to
brimming and thence to spilling, a shallow well in a monsoon. My candle
burned down to its brass, and I replaced it; my hand cramped and stung
and finally numbed; and still I scratched and scrawled my pen across the
paper, a great and insurmountable loathing building in me. The storm
raged, and each drop coming through the roof dripped also onto and
through my own skull, for I could not chase them with my bucket. The
wind gave creak to the eaves and to the worsening west tower, and each
gust ran through and bustled my own ribs, for I could neither cease the
wind nor buttress the tower. Spiders had invaded my home, with ways to
avoid my sight and my memory, and they had equally forced their quarter
upon my very mind, for I could not root them out and clear their webs of
silk.

When finally I slept, it was not in my bed or in my bedclothes, but at
my writing desk, my pen clutched in my hand and bleeding its ink. The
final words I wrote, which I only read when I awoke, confused and slow
and utterly fatigued, were I am…. But what would I have finished it with
had I not fallen unconscious? I am dead. Is that what I meant to
write? I am alive. I am alone. I am mad. Which is the lie unwritten?

The day began grey and wet and cool, the mists hanging on the trees and
the house and eddying above Loon Lake, and though they boiled away with
the summer sun, it seemed to me they were obdurate to do so. Even with
the weather turning to bright heat and ocean-blue skies, the aftermath
of the storm was evident and indeed preeminent in my mind. Puddles like
nests of boils pocked the earth around my house. The wind had taken down
an old bit of fencing on the far north end of the property, had ripped
another old shingle off its nails, and fairly ravaged my garden.

Still, though I should have taken the day to assuage these victims of
Mother Nature, I felt I could do no more than to walk the forest as I
had hundreds of times. The familiarity of scenery and property that I
begrudgingly owned would clear my head, as would the exercise. It would
clear my mind of the spider and the dream and my temporary madness.
When, however, I happened upon a small tree spider, I knew that was far
from the truth.

Its full-legged breadth could have been a penny and its web strung
between two branches only a foot across, yet my eyes spied it from
twenty feet away, and my breath fled me much before my legs could carry
me. Indeed, for a moment I stood frozen and gaping at the fact of its
existence, but with time, in which the birds sang and tweeted and shook
water from their wings, in which the forest moved with small life and
the world itself kept on turning round and round, I knew that I could
not flee from the path as I wanted to, but must venture forward and see.

Stepping forward, I readied myself for the thing to slip down on a
string and spin before my eyes and with its being tell me the secrets of
the dark, but it did not see me, not in the way of my adversary in the
library. It only perched in one corner of its web, still and utterly
silent, its legs so long and so ephemerally thin I thought it impossible
they, even as eight fellows, could support its relatively heavy body. A
wondrous bit of natural engineering, I might have mused under previous
and normal circumstances, a testament to the glory and intrigue held in
all of God’s creatures, no matter how small or insignificant they may
seem to brutish minds…yet in this light I found myself in, in this bit
of shadow I’d trekked unknowingly into along the path toward clarity and
absolution, I saw this being and all of its ilk for what it truly was
and what it could truly do. He is a scourge, I thought, standing two
paces from the creature and his web, an alien scourge on this plane…and
why? Along what line of ancient history did he find us? In what cave did
he melt from the world of the under-mind and precipitate himself into
ours? Who was the first to see him, to know him?

Sudden enough to make me gasp, a horsefly battered into the center of
the web. It had almost made it through, though had unknowingly chosen
the place of closest weave and lay stuck and wriggling and buzzing. Its
tiny limbs jostled and pulled, one member free to move yet doing no more
than clawing at open space, and though to me this moment of impending
doom lasted ten grueling seconds, in reality it could only have been
three. As I stared, the tree spider shot forth, making the web shimmer
such that I could have sworn I heard it vibrate like a guitar string.
Then it was on him, stepping on and around the fly’s buzzing wings and
fuzzy vibrating body. I winced and cringed as those thin, robust legs
pounded time after time into the fly’s thorax, its head, and caught and
stabbed out the thing’s thousand-eye stare. Blood leached slowly from my
head, making the world suddenly cold and dim and unbalanced, like to
topple over at any moment. An aeon went by, and I only watched the fly’s
wings buzz, then slow, then cease, as the spider spun him and laced him
back and forth with a thousand little strings, its fat body pulsating
and gyrating as a creature in orgasm. I could feel its black excitement
in waves, and in tandem the shock of being caught by a thing which held
no love and no consideration in its chambers and tubes and vesicles, but
only a lust for nutrient-rich juices dissolved and burgled from the
living; and in that moment, the image split into a thousand glassy
repetitions; I was the fly, caught and wriggling and spun up into a
wretched cocoon; the grand spider had found me and would punch out my
eyes and my mind.

Numb, I found rising into the tableau my own hand, my book of matches
ready in shaking fingers. I knew not what I was doing or thinking, as I
was not a part of either. I was empty and only saw the fly-man open the
matchbook and peel a lump of three matches and strike them and act too
quickly for the feasting alien beast to be any the wiser. I saw him lean
and poke the sparking inflamed paper just under the thing’s round body
and felt his smile as the beast’s own shock and surprise found it. It
must have been a great pain the spider felt, the temperature of its
little atmosphere and its dark internal fluids raised instantly to
hellish degrees; and it jumped even as it curled and died out, and the
fly-man swore he heard a squealing jet of steam or fluid exit its
horrible tiny mouth. Yet the spider was now only a small black dot on
the forest floor, hardly visible.

Calmness returned on the heels of that great and extended vexation, yet
for a moment I felt in the temporary victor the compulsion to strike
another match, or to leave in a watery haze and return with his can of
kerosene…for there were more than just this monster he had vanquished,
many more.

I came back to myself hours later, unable to recall exactly what I had
done after my encounter with the tree spider. I found that the
surrounding forest was not on fire, nor was the smell of smoke anywhere
in the air. I had changed into my gardening clothes, and I was back to
pruning, the sun in the west too bright for my dry, tired eyes, too hot
for my pale skin. Some taste sat in my mouth, seemed to seep from my
throat and lungs, but I could not identify it.

Peering back toward the house, I found it there…hatefully there, as
large and solid as it had ever been to me, for though it had but
recently taken on the leaking and the swaying in the storm, to me it had
always been dark and old, insubstantial in stopping up the teary wet
grief, in blocking the fiery winds of accusation. I dropped my scissors
and rose and met the house with my glare and called out to it, my voice
rattling bones.

“Festering pustule,” I said. “Damnable, contemptuous thing full of
spiders.”

But in the end, I returned to it.

I checked my journal, but found nothing new written in it. The blank
space of the day’s middle drew long and dark, and I spent hours more
searching out evidence of myself.

As the night drew forth its curtain of stars, and as nary a cloud flew
across the sky, I checked my stock of kerosene—found it and my boxes of
matches would last me a year in the least—and refilled my lantern. I
knew not if he would return, newly enraged for my assault on his kin in
the forest, given that the skies were clear, the moon sat high, and the
earth lay uncovered and shimmering with a wonderful blueish luminance.
He seemed only to come with the rain and the wind and the cold pitch
dark.

Inordinately calm and lucid, I stood on the porch for the better part of
an hour, only breathing and peering out at my grounds and estate. The
trees of the forest stood tall and strong, at once a mass of blueish
black and green, a simple and singular object of background, yet in the
same moment a line of my own soldiers, subject to my beck and call and
providing the barrier between myself and the outside world. Loon Lake, a
quarter of it visible to my right, took on the moon-and-starlight and my
cavalry the trees and mirrored perfectly these natural forces their
indispensability to me.

And in this moment, taking in every piece of my senses, I did not have
to cavil with him, for across my mind flew like a dashing swallow the
surety that the spider would not return, either on this night or any
other. I had figured his tricks, had found and destroyed one of his many
envoys to this world, and in that had proven myself not a caught fly,
but a man made of fire.

My under-mind saw it first, and my eyes followed, catching the
conspicuous shimmer. The object lay in my garden, peeking out from a
leafy patch of cucumber. I felt him drop then into my mind: the turning
spider on his miles-long cable. Tiny black eyes, curled brown body, tiny
black eyes, curled brown body. It seemed I could hear laughter coming
from him, hilarity at my momentary belief in safety and self-clarity;
and dropping as well as he into that tiny black aperture past which lay
my memories, was the knowledge of the object I had so quickly forgotten,
an object physically of my own making, yet not of any design wrought of
a human or Godly mind.

I took the steps down from the porch, in the grip of a head-muddling
malaise. My limbs were weak and tired and creaked with each step toward
the garden; my eyes tracked nothing, flicked everywhere but toward the
object I knew sat in wait among the black earth. Yet my legs carried me
straight to it and hinged at the knees with a pop and left me no choice
but to look at the tableau of sticks and silk and silver.

My shaking hands dipped, my eyes cried their tears, and my heart drummed
out its beat; and up a man’s fingers came with the cursed thing heavily
in tow. The sun and the trees had borne witness to his creation of it,
yet now the moon and the stars and the spider whose bidding it was now
witnessed the man’s recognizance of it and the black hole that it bored
into his head.

I saw it among the light of the moon, beheld and retraced each joint I
had made and wrapped with his sinewy web. I knew it, could recall the
gathering of the twigs that made up his body, the strings of his own
excretion that held him together, the cast dots of silver that made his
eight eyes shine. I knew the texture of focus, of taking instruction
from a dark, liquid voice. I had made him and attempted to bury him,
presumably in a state of fugue and fog. But what was I to do with the
sculpture, indeed with my entire situation? The spider sat still and
wooden on my palm, his legs descending nearly a foot, hanging like
petrified vines.

I dared not meet his silver eyes, instead peering with heaving breath
toward the moon. That near and dear satellite had always held answers,
reflecting the light of the day’s lively sun and allowing some nightly
portent and perhaps protection. A blue-white face peered back at me, and
its craters whispered the answer; but as I sat with my face upturned and
an ear cupped and waiting, his shadow descended from the dark between
stars and like a marionette attached to a wire, dropped slowly in front
of the moon. His unequal and refracted pattern, the proportions
elongated to those of a squid, became a shadow on the dirt, crawling
toward me, snaking up and over the furrows, dancing about the leaves of
radish and cucumber.

I sprang up and turned at once toward the house. As I ran on creaking
joints, my wooden creation clacked as if to give voice to the shadow’s
pursuit; and though I fought not to peer back while rising up the
stairs, its power compelled me to, and I saw his dark-fingered
outcropping follow me as the effigy crept stiltedly along the sky that
God used to lay sole claim to.

I knew naught but one thing had ever beaten back his cold darkness, and
I pursued it, blowing through the front door and dashing toward the
basement and my goal of the incinerator. I threw the huge door open and
began pounding down into the dark, yet in my fervor I mistook the
third-to-last step for the last and sprawled forward with a shout and
fell headlong against the concrete floor, only catching myself and
saving my nose from a break by shoving both arms forward and throwing
the spider away into the inky blackness. I lay for half a minute in
aches and ire and the fear that the shadow would be silently descending
the stairs behind me, or worse yet have taken his wooden form and would
come clicking and scurrying toward my prone and defenseless form. My
knees had taken a harsh punishment, as well as the heels of my hands,
which had scraped along the rough floor and were now wet with blood. By
luck, I had saved my head a bounce or two, and my tongue a bisection.

I rose, groaning and swaying and cursing myself for forgetting the
lantern on the porch. Only the barest dim light bounced from the moon
and stars through the house and down the stairs, and that modicum faded
as quickly in the wider room as it would under a murky sea. I went
forward slowly, arms out to tap at some landmark, but before I found
anything, my foot kicked and then retreated from the wooden spider.
Bending, I grasped it and held it forth. It seemed for a moment I could
see it, that it had taken on an internal or metaphysical glow, yet as I
stood turning it this way and that, I realized my thinking so was only
fear and discombobulation. Despite this, I knew the object to be cursed,
and that it must be destroyed.

Soon, I found my bearings and the shelves of jarred food, which I knew
to be directly adjacent to my stock of kerosene and across from the
incinerator and workbench. Carefully, I gathered first a candle to light
my way and my work, then a small canister of kerosene and a box of
matches. In the cold incinerator, I placed dry kindling from a box and
wet it down with the fuel. I picked the wooden spider from where I had
placed him on the workbench and peered again at him, now in the
flickering light of the candle. When did I do this? I thought, Was it
truly today? Did I make this under a hot sun, or years gone, under the
Hunter’s moon? When, in the course of my life, did he find me? And
why…is it only to torture and consume me? What could lie behind the
world, where he resides? What could lie there, so large and overwhelming
that it brings forth creatures such as him?

For perhaps two minutes I stared into silver eyes I had cast, but the
sour, stinging smell of kerosene pulled me finally from that reverie,
and I placed the wooden spider in the incinerator, let him nestle
amongst the kindling. I struck a long match and glanced backward, sure
now he would show himself and attempt to stop me. There only stood the
flickering shadows of the jars and cans on their shelves, and only
silence surrounded me.

I poked the guttering, curling match into the incinerator and toward the
small wetted pile of kindling. Its fumes took light first, in a small
plume of heat and sooty smoke, and as the fuel warmed, it as well
ignited fully and curled the wood into a nest of dead spiders. Heat hit
my face immediately, and I blinked at the bright orange flames, in time
resting my eyes against the silver dots that haunted me so; and over
minutes I watched the flames flick, lick, and devour him, turning him
from wood and spider’s string to white ash and black smoke and vibrating
energy and carrying him off through the chimney and out to the glowing
night sky, among the harbor and quarter of those fellows of another
world and mind. They could keep him, for in their nature lay the tools
to do so, where in mine and in man’s lies no mental aperture large
enough to intake his image, no implement or mathematics complete or
complex enough to measure or calculate him. To us, he is intolerable and
maddening and unending. To cavil with him is to cavil with the abyss of
ignorance and to perhaps come out on the other side, changed but tied
still to our world. I believed I had done so….

Yet in the dream I walked the forest, daylight somehow shining on the
forest floor while when I peered up I saw only a black-blue inverted
marble, moving and convecting with cold winds made of starlight. I
walked and found a pit in the forest, its edges blackened with soot. In
that pit lay a large man, turned now to ash and smoking black bones. His
empty sockets peered at me, as if in accusation; the remnants of his jaw
formed words, questions, pleas. I remembered him, knew him, and in grief
at his choice to flee the world, I fell first to my knees and then into
the pit beside him, crying and pleading. But the spider had done this,
not my friend, and not me. It had dropped into my mind and my world,
crawling among my thoughts and my things and had taken him. It had taken
so many.

The spiders are biting my gums. After I burned his wooden body, two days
passed without incident, save for the dreams. In those two days, I
collated and penned my story, yet now I open it again, for I woke this
morning to a horrid inflammation around my top molar teeth on the right
side. My mouth was thick with something like the spittle wrought of
enduring exercise, yet my tongue lay fat and half-dry. I tasted coppery
blood and something sour and earthen. I rose like the dead from my
sweat-drenched sheets and inspected the area. Tonguing it brought pain
and little squirts of my own blood mixing with the spiders’ venom. I
spat and flossed and rinsed, spat and flossed and rinsed, moaning and
wincing at the pain, and in so doing exacerbated the area so terribly
that the whole right side of my face and head thumped sharply with my
quickened heart.

He has done this, I thought. Have I angered him? Is there even anger in
him, or only cold, abstruse calculation?

“No,” I said around my flossing hands, “not even that. As the tree is
cut, it bleeds sap; as the river flows, it twists round rock.” Similar
was the grand spider that had found me: a force that could not be called
natural, but in its purest definition supernatural, a thing so
extraneous and far away that its nature was not discoverable, nor was it
allegorical either to or from the natural world, but indeed the
opposite. It was not the underpinnings of God and man, but that which
informed him. The fingers on the keys of a typewriter are not the
letters on the page, nor is the ribbon or the stamping embossed metal.
They are aliens to the world of the page, held not within it but without
it.

One of my teeth popped out, and in my surprise I gasped in a breath and
choked on it, coughing and retching and spasming until my back smacked
the wall and the tooth flew from my mouth to click on the floor. For a
moment, I only stood and gaped at that part of me on the floor. Between
my molars, there lay only a hole now, large enough to squeeze half my
tongue into: a nest of thumping, inflamed hills lining a bloody
crevasse. My head thumped, and a dangerous dimness came to the world
through my right eye. I nearly fell faint, but caught myself with my
knees and my shaking hands and crawled toward the tooth. I plucked it
from the tiles and beheld it, so small a thing outside the mouth, and
now of no use whatsoever. That it could be removed from me so quickly,
so easily, angered and frightened me; and I fear to say, in that state I
might have tried to put it back in, had its root not been black and
rotting.

Nausea overtook me as I stared at the softening, jelly-like root; and
after a moment of holding down on it fiercely, I retched painfully, my
back curling, my bare abdomen contracting. I was sure I appeared like a
stray dog who’d found his way into human scraps and gorged himself on
something far rotten, yet what I vomited up was almost nothing, simple
acidic bile and pale, unnameable chunks. I had not eaten in…well, I
wasn’t sure how long. But as I stared through teary eyes at my pitiful
puddle of sick, I knew even this was not true. A tiny black and brown
thing squeezed out from under some chunk of undigested food and trudged
aimlessly through my bile: a spider, about the size of a gnat. And
though my stomach acid coated him, and either by dissolution or the
forces of fluids he should have been stopped and killed, he trudged
onward, impervious. Shaking in black horror and red rage, I balled my
fist and smashed him with the pinky side, and as more tiny spiders made
themselves known, I smashed those too, consumed by my madness, my head a
pressure vessel thrown onto a blazing fire.

How long? I thought. How long have they been in me? Was it only this
previous night? Did he crawl in to bite at me, or crawl upward from my
gut on a journey to dissolve my teeth?

I knelt then in a horror too great to imagine, an invasion so
disrespectful to the human form and to human consciousness as to make
any man go mad; and mad I am, for I knew in that moment there had been
no dreams of pits and smoking bones. It was as real as earth and body
and spirit. I had found my old friend on a night made of smoke, had come
upon him sleeping in the pit, and had watched the flames rise and dance.
There was no end to the pain, and no end to the being that had found me
and made me a target and a meal. There lies in every soul an infinite
depth, and in that, there is no point so low and wretched as to be a
lowest point. I can be cut ever deeper, and this entity whom I know now
to be the author both of my life and of my destruction will do so. There
is no fight to be fought with a winning aim, for he is in the sky and
the earth; he bobs and swings from the rafters, buries himself in the
floorboards; he stamps his silent feet in the night; and his shadow has
overcome me and is in me.

My mouth soaks with blood as I pen this last in the forest, knelt above
my journal’s grave-to-be. The sky is red and pink with the smoke of the
past, and I can feel its choking heat. I shall bury this journal, and if
you find it, dear reader, then I shall have buried you.

Something grows in my stomach, and with it grow stings and aches like to
double me over. If I wait but a moment longer to write, it will be too
late and I will haul out my own guts with a scythe, yet still be unable
to escape him. My body will grow plump with them, and my eyes will
explode outward from the pressure of the nests I can feel already
darkening my vision, and the grand spider will take my form and my soul
and feast upon it evermore.

I know what I must do. I have plenty of kerosene.
