THE HORSE GAME

I stared at my sister’s open mouth, observing her light, fleshy gums.
Her adult teeth were beginning to grow in, strong and permanent, and
soon she would have breath like mine, rife with the smell of Cola and
strawberry toaster pastries. Mandy was practically yelling at me, hence
my ability to see her maw in such detail, even sitting back on the
couch.
” Play with me, play with me! Pleeeeeese! ’’
She clenched the sleeve of my sweater and tugged on it. A part of me
wanted to snap at her for wrinkling my clothes, even though that was not
something I cared much about. When you’re annoyed with someone, you
reach to find any reason to bark at them. I just shrugged her hand off,
and clenched the rounded controller to my Super Nintendo. I jammed the
buttons, forcing Donkey Kong to jump over barrels and tubby crocodiles.
This was all I wanted to do. This was all I ever wanted to do. She had
her passions, so why couldn’t I have mine? Mom always took her side,
forcing me to play with Mandy, especially when I was enjoying myself. Or
at least, it always seemed that intrusive. Mandy reached for my sweater
sleeve again, and I pulled away from her reach. I didn’t look at her, I
just continued mashing buttons. I could however, see her pouting out the
corner of my eye.
’’ I’m gonna tell Mom. ’’
’’ Don’t. ’’
” Then play with me! The Horse Game! Please! I won’t tell Mom anything
if you do! ”
I paused my game, and turned to face the window to the right of the
couch. Ugly stiff yellow curtains hung at the sides, and I could see the
small tear-drops of rain streaking down the window. It was mid-day, but
so very gray out.
I motioned toward the window.
’’ You really want to go out in that?  It’s pouring out! It’s
disgusting. It probably smells like molding socks out there! ’’
’’ No it doesn’t! The rain smells good! ’’
’’ It’s like a’hundred degrees out! The heat and the rain mixed together
makes a terrible smell! Like a wet fart. You want me to tromp around
with you in a wet fart? ’’
” You’re being a wet fart! ’’
I narrowed my eyes at her. ” Real original Gummy. ’’
Her lip quivered, tears lining her eyelids. She was quite self-aware,
and sensitive, about her missing baby-teeth. She shoved away from the
couch, and yelled for Mom. I sighed angrily, and threw my controller
down. I needed a drink. Not alcoholic, but carbonated. I dragged myself
over to the refrigerator, pulled open the rounded metal door and leaned
inside. I snatched up the glass bottle of Cola, one of the last we had
in the fridge. Right there, I twisted the top and took a dip back,
taking several full slugs. When I pulled the bottle away, I smacked my
lips, savoring the sweet drink, then belched.
” Andy John Pereshaw! ”
I froze. It was always frightening when they brought out the full name.
I looked to the hallway, the small narrow strait that led to the
bedrooms. It was as if her voice had come from the depths of the void.
” Yes Ma’am? ”
” Don’t you ’ yes ma’am ’ me! ”
Plaid pajamas and pale arms came tromping out from the dark halls, and
soon came my mother’s frowning face, her hair wild. I put the cola back
in the fridge almost on instinct. She looked an ocean more angry than I
thought she’d be. All because I didn’t want to play with Mandy? The
little scrub herself was tumbling on my mom’s heels. Her bottom lip was
puffed out, a failing mimicry of our parent. Mom stopped before me, then
closed the open fridge door with one slender arm.
” Wanna explain yourself? ”
” Not really. ”
” Andy…” She was almost growling at me.
” C’mon mom! You’re accusing me without a fair trial! My attorneys’ not
even present! ”
” Stop with the theatrics! You can’t just call your sister horrible
names because you don’t want to play with her! You can just tell her no,
or…Ignore her! I won’t have name-calling in this household! ”
” I didn’t start the name-calling, she did! And you know how hard it is
to ignore her! ”
Mom pinched her eyes, shaking her head. She knew I was right, she just
didn’t want to admit it in front Mandy, who was staring at me, a subtle
smile on her face. She thought she was winning. And ultimately, she did.
After several more minutes of bickering, our argument climaxed when I
mentioned Dad. That earned me a finger pointing to the outside, and Mom
screaming at me to get out and go play with my sister. She even dropped
the F-bomb in there, which made both me and Mandy flinch.
Mom stood over us both as we shoved on our muck-boots silently. Once we
were outside, Mom slammed the door on us, and we both just stared at the
door.
” Huh? ” Mandy said. ” Did she lock it? Are we locked out? ”
I just turned away and rolled my collar further up my neck. ” If we are,
it’s your fault. ”
Mandy looked up at me, and I told her that she better not cry.
” Horse Game? ” She said, innocently.
Now, I was pissed. I could have been inside at this moment, playing
Donkey Kong Country till the cows came home, sipping soda. instead, I
was outside in the light showering rain, possibly locked out of the
house. Mandy had even got me in a fight with my mom, which wasn’t ever
pleasant to me, as me and my mom were close. If anything, our biggest
problem with each other was Mandy. She coddled her, and that annoyed me.
It was okay when she was really young, a baby. Hell, even a toddler was
expected to be looked after closely. But Mandy was six, fully capable of
existing without pampering or my mom talking to her in a high-pitched
baby voice. It was cripplingly annoying, to the point where I sometimes
wondered if Mom was actually performing some kind of self-humiliation
ritual. I never remembered her babying me so much.
With all this in mind, even with me being stuck out here with her, I had
a terribly hard time saying yes to any game she wanted to play. But what
else was I going to do? I could tell her I wanted to be alone all I
wanted, and she’d just follow me around, continuing to annoy me until
she got what she wanted. It was her ultimate weapon. Crippling
annoyance. The best I could do was play along and then ditch her when
she wasn’t looking.
” Fine. But can we play Hide and Seek instead? I’ll even let you hide
first. ”
” N…No, I want to play The Horse Game!
” Ugh, c’mon Mandy! That game is boring! All we do is run around a lot.
”
” It’s not boring! It’s fun! Come on Andy, let’s go up to the hillside.
”
Mandy jumped off the porch, her boots squishing into the layers of mud.
She giggled, then looked back at me, the wind blowing her golden hair
into her open mouth. She was waiting for me to follow along. Damnit.
Sneaking away wasn’t going to be easy. I sighed and tromped off the
rickety porch, a part of me hoping I would break the steps with every
stomp.
I followed Mandy up the hill on the edge of our property, near the woods
that sat at the foot of Cattenbury mountain. We lived in the trailer
house that my dad had bought for us, along with the single acre
property. It wasn’t in the woods, but it was very close to it, about a
mile away. We lived at the end of a dirt road, a good distance from any
neighbors, and a thirty-minute drive from town. I used to spend a good
bit of time up in the woods when I was younger, following deer trails or
collecting snails. I did this all alone, even being so young, because
even when Dad was around, Mom still had her hands full with house
duties. Those were good times, when it was just me. I had fun in the
woods, on the small wavy hillside. I could be as loud and wild as I
wanted.
When Mandy first came along, I had a playmate to take with me up into
the hills. She was younger, frankly dumber, hence, more fun. She didn’t
worry about the silly names we called each other, and when she got hurt,
she shrugged it off because she hadn’t yet realized that whining and
crying would gain her attention. Like many young girls, she was
entranced with horses. She thought they were wonderful, graceful,
amazing creatures. I didn’t agree, I thought they were smelly, and far
too large and skittish to be graceful. But it didn’t matter, because
Mandy’s love of horses sparked a game to play that I enjoyed at the
time.
The Horse Game was a fun run-around game, where I played as a cowboy and
Mandy played as a wild horse. I had to run around and lasso her, and
catch her. There was a large bramble of bushes on the West side of the
hills, and that was the sort of the finish line. If Mandy got to those
bushes before I caught her, she won, but if I did catch her before the
bushes, I would win. I guess it was kind of our version of cops and
robbers. It was usually fun for a couple rounds, then I would get bored,
but Mandy never tired of the game.
Now in the present, thoroughly sick of my sister, I walked behind her up
the small grassy trail leading to the woods. The grass surrounding us
was an ugly yellow-ish brown, and it was all wet and keeled over. It was
late spring, yet the ground around us still seemed very dead. Because of
the heat of the day and the light rain, a creeping mist crawled across
the hills, around the bases of trees and bushes. Mandy dragged me far
out to the center of the woods, among many tall pine trees. She stopped,
then ran around in a circle, her arms out.
” Isn’t it nice out here?! ”
” You don’t need to shout. ” I said glumly.
She faced me, and pointed a light pink digit at me. ” Alright, you be
the cowboy, right? ”
” You know, cowboys wrangle cattle, not wild horses. This stupid game
doesn’t even make any sense. ”
” It’s not stupid! ” She exhaled sharply. ” Are you gonna play with me
or not? ”
I nodded in defeat, though I mumbled that it wasn’t like I had a choice.
” Alright! I’m going! I’m running away! ” Mandy ran off, her curled arms
in front of her chest spurring forward to emulate a galloping equine. I
just watched her go. She ran between some trees, disappearing for a
second before emerging from the other side, still at a full run. I shook
my head and threw up my hood. Under the trees, the water really started
coming down, the trapped rain water slipping down in great dumps on
occasion. I tromped off in the opposite direction from Mandy. I just
wanted to be alone, and cool off for a minute.
I wrapped my arms arounds trees as I passed them, and watched from above
as I pressed my rubber boots into the soggy moss. Somewhere along the
line I picked up a stick. I swung it back and forth in front of me,
whipping bushes and short tree branches. Eventually, I found myself on
the other side of the hill, which was a rocky outcropping. A big stone
seemed like it had burst from the ground. In a moment of action I ran up
to the rock and jumped on it. I climbed, hoisting myself up on the
boulder. I sat atop the mossy rock, looking around at my surroundings.
Far down below, I could just barely see the trailer house. A lot of the
scene was obscured because of the growing mist. I found myself strangely
content. Taking in full breaths of the moist air cleared my throat, and
the walking around had gotten my blood shooting strong through my veins,
boosting my energy. This was actually nice. I hadn’t been up to the
hillside in a couple years, and I didn’t realize how much I had missed
it.
A branch sounded off in the distance, a sharp snapping. I looked over my
shoulder, gazing through the trees behind me. The mist was still at
ground level, but it seemed to be reaching up, trying to climb the
trees. I didn’t see anything. I knew better than anyone that forests
were notorious for their noises. The creaking of old wood, the voices of
the animals and the breathing of the earth. I wasn’t scared of the
snapping sound, not until I heard the second sound.
It was small, sharp, an intentional whine. It sounded like some sort of
animal, maybe in pain or calling out to an offspring. I turned on my
rock, settling on my knees. I squinted into the forest, hoping to see a
deer or some innocent animal parading about. I heard it again, closer
this time, and it made me freeze and hold my breath.
It was a horse’s neigh. But it wasn’t from an animal. It was clearly
someone imitating a horse’s neigh. I could barely move. When I managed
to glance down, the ground looked miles away. When I looked up again, my
eyes now in a panic to see something, I finally saw it. A dark figure,
standing in the mist about seven yards away. They were mostly obscured
the tree they stood behind, but there was no doubt in my mind that it
was a person. Though, something about their head was wrong, deeply
wrong. It was too…Long. Too large.
I did find the strength to move, but all I did was slide off my rock, my
chest and thighs getting scraped up along the way. I had to keep my eyes
on this person. I moved around the rock, holding my breath, my feet
disrupting the mist below. I needed to get to the opposite hillside. I
needed to find Mandy and get home. Tell Mom. I didn’t care if this
person had ill-will or not, they weren’t supposed to be out here. No one
lived out here. No road traveled out this far. My family lived at the
end of the road. It would be different if, maybe, they had a backpack
and looked like a traditional hiker. but this person said nothing. And I
know they saw me. I was staring at them, and they stared right back.
Still keeping the person in sight, I continued to move slowly. I wanted
to speak out, say something! Be a man and ask who the hell they were,
and why they were out here with me and my sister! But my voice had
retreated back down my throat, and no matter how hard I tried, I
couldn’t fish it out.
I was now at the edge of the rock pile, and the tree the stranger hid
behind had covered them completely. I stopped, realizing I couldn’t see
them anymore. My breath came out in great huffs as I waited. Did I move
back so I could see them, or did I continue on to find Mandy? I didn’t
know what to do, this was a nightmare.
Suddenly the person ran to another tree, nothing but a dark shape
disturbing the mist. I cried out, turned and ran. Seeing the person
move, it was like I finally processed what was happening. It wasn’t a
nightmare, I wasn’t going to wake up and smell the sweet scent of
Snuggle on my covers. I ran through the sticks and the mud, mist and
trees. Tears blurred my eyes. I didn’t want to call out and give away my
position, but all I could focus on, all I could see was Mandy. I needed
to reach her, I needed to know she was safe! A terrible thought popped
into my head. What if he had already gotten to her? I was out wandering
around like a dickhead on the other side for a long time, what if he had
already taken Mandy, or…Hurt her…
” Amanda!! ” It was so sudden, my voice returning to my mouth, and the
complete disregard for my own safety. I heard heavy footfalls behind me,
and I gasped and-
” Oh-OOF! ’’
I had tripped and fell, my face pressing hard into the mud. Me hitting
the ground somewhat shook the urgency out of my mind. I pulled away from
the ground with a groan, my mind reeling. The world pulled away then
spun back to me. I felt globs of mud falling from my face as I lifted to
my knees. I blinked, seeing black, then I realized it was mud that
smeared my vision. I wanted to cry, my face all lathered with the
rain-soaked earth. While wiping mud from my eyes, I suddenly remembered
why I was running. I looked up about to call for Mandy, when I heard a
noise from behind me.
” Hahahaha! Your fa-haha! ”
I turned to see Mandy behind me, her arms pressed to her stomach as she
laughed at the state of me. I quickly got to my feet and surveyed the
surrounding trees. Was he there? Did he follow me? I ran to Mandy, mud
flinging off my jeans.
” Mandy we need to go! Someone’s out here with us, a-a person! We need
to go home! ”
” Whaaat? A person? Who? ”
” I don’t know, they’re a stranger, I don’t know- ”
” Is it Mr. Gobsend? ”
” No! It’s not Mr. Gobsend! Jus- Come on! ”
I grabbed Mandy’s hand before she could say anything else and we took
off down the hill. Of course, Mandy cried nearly the whole way,
screaming that my grip on her wrist was too tight, and that I was going
to pull her whole arm off. I didn’t care. I didn’t stop, I just ran down
the trail, through the icky brown grass. Eventually, halfway down the
hill, the trailer house in sight, Mandy fell down. I heard a shriek and
a suddenly I felt as though I was dragging a bowling ball behind me. I
whipped around, breathing hard. Mandy laid on the ground on her side,
her tears a waterfall. She looked at me like I was the monster.
” Mandy, I-I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it- ”
She lifted her head to the sky and screeched, her cries now a wail. I
knelt next to her and tried to comfort her in some way, but she pulled
away from me, and continued to scream. She was holding her wrist and her
pants and coat was soiled in mud. I tried wiping the mud off with my
sleeve, hoping that would help, but every time I thought her voice
reached its peak, she would cry louder when I reached toward her.
” Mandy please! ” I cried out. ” We need to get home! Pleeeease! I can’t
carry you Mandy, I, I would if I could but I can’t…I’m not strong
enough! ”
It felt hopeless. But then she stopped, her wailing suddenly a small
whimpering. I looked up to her to see that she was looking up to the
hillside. I followed her eyes, and on the top of the hill by the
tree-line, stood a figure. Their hands were at their sides, dirty brown
duster barely draped over their shoulders, patched-up jeans with snow
boots. They were standing in the light, and I could now see what it was
that was wrong with their head. They were wearing a mask that looked to
be made of paper bags. It was a horse.
” What is that? ” Mandy whimpered to me.
” We need to go Mandy…Now. ”
Mandy got to her feet slowly and we both kept our eyes on the figure as
we made our way back to the house. The figure continued to just stand
and stare. We were only a couple steps from where Mandy fell when she
said, ” Andy, look! ”
I was already watching, and we both saw the figure turn, and run back
into the woods, their hands to their chest, bucking and reeling like
they were a galloping horse. Into the misty forest they disappeared,
never to be seen by us, and for that matter, anyone ever again.
Mom didn’t believe us. She thought that we just made it up as an excuse
to never go outside again. Because we really didn’t. Me and Mandy both
were terrified to go out, even just to the yard as the house really
wasn’t that far from the hillside. We both had nightmares of the
horseman visiting us in our beds, or creeping outside our windows at
night. But he never did. We moved away a couple years later, and Mandy
and I were more than relieved.
I’m an older man now, and this memory is still fresh in my head. I never
went into any forests, never frolicked by any trees. I always wondered
who he was, and if he meant us harm. It was too risky to find out. Too
dangerous to walk up to the person and ask what the hell they were
doing. But I guess I’ll never know. This was simply one of those odd
childhood memories that, really, never went anywhere bad or influenced
me wrong. Just an uncomfortable memory. Amanda seems to have no
recollection of that day. She remembers us being afraid of the hillside,
but she can’t remember why. It’s funny. She doesn’t even remember The
Horse Game.

 
