Hey guys. Sorry if this is kind of long. So for context, I live on the
outskirts of a medium sized city in Arkansas. It’s a beautiful city, the
people are really nice, and it’s pretty quiet here. The greenery is
absolutely beautiful here. I recently moved here for a job that I got
working at a prison as a caseworker.

I’m a young professional, 24 years old, and for a while I lived in a
townhouse that I rented. It’s not what I would usually prefer, as having
a neighbor literally means I can hear everything going on next door. The
walls are paper thin. It was one of the cheaper and nicer options for me
though.

For the first few months, I haven’t had a neighbor. So it’s been pretty
quiet mostly. But a few weeks ago someone finally moved in. I wasn’t
necessarily happy with it, but I guess that’s just part of living in a
townhouse.

I was pretty busy with work and life so I didn’t really pay much
attention. All I noticed was a moving truck parked in the driveway, but
I was extremely exhausted so I just settled in, watched some tv, and
fell asleep on my couch.

The next morning, I had the day off, i wanted to sleep in… but I could
hear my new neighbor moving furniture around and talking to someone on
the phone. He sounded like a man. It was kind of frustrating but I
decided to try and meet him and welcome him to the neighborhood.

I got dressed and went to go knock on his door. Though I found it kind
of strange that his vehicle wasn’t in the driveway. I guess he doesn’t
drive. Anyways, I knocked on his door and just stood there waiting for
him to answer. I tried to listen in, but I couldn’t hear anyone in the
house at all. Which was kind of strange considering I heard him move his
furniture around and everything. It literally woke me up.

So yeah that was pretty weird. But maybe he just didn’t want to talk.
Whatever.

The following Monday I went to work and came home. Threw my keys onto
the counter, feeling tired as usual. I heard the guy next door throw his
keys on his counter too. It was a funny coincidence … guess we both just
came home from work. But it’s weird because I didn’t see him outside
when I was coming in. But maybe he went inside a little after me.

I spent the rest of the evening in my living rooms chilling, and eating
some Kraft Mac and cheese cause I didn’t feel like cooking. and
FaceTiming my boyfriend who lives a few hours away. It was a pretty
quiet evening.

I went upstairs to get ready for bed. And as I was going up the stairs,
I hear my neighbor also go up his stairs. He’s so fucking loud, it’s
annoying. I can hear him doing anything. I hop in the shower to shower
real quick, and a few minutes later he also takes a shower. I joked with
my coworker that my neighbor is like an NPC who copies my routine or
something.

The next few evenings I notice he’s copying my routines even more. For
example, if I’m making a meal I hear his kitchen cabinets open and close
on his side. If I shower, he showers. If I go up or down the stairs he
does it too. It’s getting strange.

The moment that caught me off guard is when I was using the toilet, and
flushed. I heard a flush on his side too. It made me stop in my tracks.
I legit took three steps back from the wall, and that’s when I heard
three single steps on his side too. The floors were creaky so I could
hear everything. I decided to test this a little bit. So I took another
step and heard a step on his side. I lifted my foot up in the air and
held it there for 3 seconds and stomped it down. I heard a stomp on his
side.

I was freaked out at this point and on the verge of a panic attack. I
just bolted down the stairs and fumbled for my phone to call my
boyfriend. But strangely enough I didn’t hear the man next door run down
the stairs. In fact, I didn’t hear a thing for the rest of the night
from his side. My boyfriend tried to calm me down and he told me I was
overreacting. He said “he’s probably just as annoyed as you are by the
noises and is fucking with you.”

The next few nights are totally quiet and normal. Eventually, I hear him
making his usual sounds again.

Then one night I accidentally drop one of my wine glasses. I’m so pissed
off because I just want to go to bed. I start cleaning it then a few
minutes later I hear something glass shatter on my neighbors side. This
can’t be a fucking coincidence. So I test again I tap the counter three
times loud enough for the next door neighbor to hear, and it’s just
silent for a few seconds… but then I hear him do the same.

So I call my boyfriend again and explain to him that it’s happening
again. I put him on speaker to try to show him what was happening. I
grab a spoon from my drawer and tap the spoon on the stove 5 times.
Making it really loud. Silence for a few seconds, but then I hear it.
Metal clanking on a surface 5 times from the other side loud and clear.
So I asked my boyfriend if he heard that… he had to have it was really
loud. My boyfriend just said, “No. What am I supposed to be hearing?”

I assume maybe it’s a phone speaker quality issue so instead I decide to
test it again and record it with my cellphone. I bang the wall 3 times
and I hear the guy on the other side do the same thing. Finally I got it
loud and clear on recording so I send it to my boyfriend. He says he
still doesn’t hear anything. So I decide to watch the video back for
myself. I heard it. So why couldn’t he?

My boyfriend then questions while still on FaceTime, “wait, have you
ever even seen this guy?” I told him no, but I saw a moving truck and
I’ve been hearing him ever since. I tried to meet the guy but he never
answered his door. I was kind of irritated at the question because I
don’t really know why that was relevant anymore. This guy was copying
me.

Then my boyfriend asks me, “So did you actually ever see him or did you
see a moving truck?” For a moment I paused and thought about it. Yeah I
saw the moving truck, no I never saw him. But I’ve heard him. So
obviously he exists. I just hung up the phone I was so annoyed and felt
like my boyfriend wasn’t taking me seriously.

The next morning I decide to file a formal complaint with the housing
manager. The housing manager tells me that apparently the housing unit
is vacant and that they don’t even have a record of someone moving in. I
thought maybe they were confused so I told them the exact unit number
again, and they said it’s been vacant for 2 years. I asked if they could
pull up footage from the day I saw the moving truck. They had to go
through security to get it and the security guy wasn’t good at using the
software the camera footage was on so it took a bit. But eventually he
pulled up the footage and there in fact was a moving truck. However as I
was walking into my unit I guess it turned around to go somewhere else.
I guess I was too exhausted to realize it on that day.

But then why did I hear a guy next door to me after I saw that moving
truck? I told the housing manager if it’s truly vacant then can she walk
through the house with me to prove it. So she agreed after getting some
permissions to do so. We walked into unit next to mine and I was
dumbfounded because the unit was completely empty and unfurnished. We
walked through the entire unit upstairs and downstairs and no one was
there. We even went to the upstairs bathroom where I heard him shower
and flush the toilet. But there was no furniture. No toiletries. Nothing
was in that unit.

At this point, I felt my stomach drop. Did I just hallucinate
everything??

The next day I decided to move back to my parents home and maybe get
some help after what just happened.

I wasn’t able to move out completely yet though. I was also on a lease.
Thankfully my friend (who I’ll call V) just graduated college and needed
a place to stay so she took over my lease.

When I got home I decided to call V and ask her how things were going
for her new place.

She was about to go to bed when I called her so she didn’t really say
much.

Everything seemed to be going good for her though.

She was about to get off the phone. But then we both heard it… three
knocks on her wall and a man’s voice say “hello, new neighbor.”

￼
