I gasped, barely able to breathe. I could see the blood pooling over my
right eye, and my left hand was twitching uncontrollably. My head slowly
turned to the left, forcing me to meet my mother’s gaze. 

The taste of copper washed over my teeth. Blood pooled in my cheek
before forcing its way out of my mouth and down my cheek. I watched a
man plant his boot on my mom’s body. He took the handle of the axe with
both of his hands and slowly removed the axe from my mother’s skull. A
trial of blood and other bodily fluids spilled out onto our carpet. 

I whimpered.

I watched the man drag my mother’s body out of the house. I tried to
reach for our couch to get up, but my arm wouldn’t move. I tried to
wiggle my toes, to get my leg to bend, to scream for help. But I could
only whimper. 

The man came back into our home. He was humming a song, a tune that will
forever be burned into my mind. He took me by the leg and lifted me with
one arm, swinging me up and back. Pain shot through my body. It
reverberated through my bones. 

I wanted to scream. 

I heard him open the back door of his van, and he threw me inside with
ease. I was still for as long as possible, hoping that he wouldn’t
notice that I was still alive. But as he slammed the door, one of the
bodies near me jolted to the side. We made eye contact, and I couldn’t
help but try to scream. 

But I had no voice, and I knew that no one was coming to save me.

-

Eventually, I must’ve fallen asleep because I had to force my eyes open.
The blood on my lips and teeth was dry. I sat up as quickly as possible,
too quickly. Pain shot through my abdomen and down into my left leg.
Something was wrong; the room around me was dark. I could only barely
feel my injuries, which made no sense. I shouldn’t even have been
alive. 

I watched the darkness separate, as if it were made out of water. As
soon as the darkness started moving, I tried to get up, but I couldn’t.
It felt like something was weighing my hips down. I managed to get on
one knee, keeping my left leg out. I was barely able to keep my
balance. 

As soon as the darkness finished parting ways, the ground a few feet in
front of me seemed to transform into shallow blue water. The kind of
blue that you see in a painting. It looked surreal and unnatural, but
real all the same. 

I watched the area in front of the water slowly morph into black sand.
The sand crept its way up to my body. I tried to shy away, but I
couldn’t move. As soon as it got to my knee, I sank a little. Just
enough to feel the soft sand over my jeans. 
It suddenly became extremely hard for me to breathe. 

A few feet in front of me, a golden pole appeared. I tugged at my body
as I tried to force myself to stand up. Once the pole was finished
forming, I realized that I was looking at a giant scale. 

A pair of beaming red eyes met my gaze from just beyond the scale. I
could barely make out its shape. As it approached me, I watched its head
form. It had large, sharp ears like a dog. The closer it got, the more
details I could make out. The creature had the head of a dog. The canine
features ended at its neck, where it had the chest of a man. He wore red
pants and had the legs of a dog. 

As he approached me, I tried to trash again, and again, and one more
time. My bones felt like they were on fire. By the time the creature was
just inches away from my body, I became completely stiff. When he
reached his arms out and took my face on either side, I screamed as hard
as possible. 

In the darkness, in front of a monster, I had found my voice. 

-

 As soon as my eyes opened, I gasped for air, exhaling loudly. The room
smelled like chicken noodle soup. Homemade. I sat up slowly, planted my
hands on the ground, and tried to ground myself. Unsure of how I was
alive, or even if I was really alive. Nothing felt real until I heard
footsteps coming from outside the room. 

I tried to scramble to my feet, but it felt like my left leg was locked.
Just moving my toes sent pain up my leg and into my hip. I slammed my
teeth together and used the carpet to help push myself to the back of
the room. I tried to take my surroundings in. A boarded-up window was
behind me, and a wooden door stood in front of me. There was nothing
else in the room, no carpet, nothing. 

When the door swung open, I jumped back and screamed. A man wearing a
puffy blue jacket and snow-covered black pants entered the room. He
exhaled. I couldn’t make out his facial features because he was wearing
a black face mask and goggles. He stood there for a minute, watching me,
before stepping out of the way. He used his arm to motion for me to exit
the room, and I slowly rose to my feet. I had to use the wall to pull
myself up; my leg still hurt. But I wasn’t going to risk not listening.
Not after what I saw. 

I used the wall to support my weight as I limped into the hallway. As
soon as I hit the black carpet, I blinked. I looked at the walls, which
were wooden, but I could see sheets of metal underneath. 

Picture frames lined the wall, but they were flipped over, so I couldn’t
see anything in the frames. I kept limping down the hallway until I
reached what looked like a living room. I froze. A woman sat at a table
next to a large brown TV. I saw bits of her black hair poking out from
under her snowcap. She smiled at me when we made eye contact, and she
motioned for me to come over and sit on the green couch. 

So I did. 

As soon as I sat down and exhaled, I realized how cold it felt. A chill
ran through my arms and straight into my back. I love the cold, and I
love the snow. This was a different kind of cold, something I could only
feel inside my body. Like it was creeping around under my skin. 

-

“What’s your name?” The woman asked me as she reached forward and lifted
a steaming cup off the table in front of us. 

“What?” I mumbled. I heard her, but it was like my head was stalling. My
mother was murdered, someone tried to kill me, and this woman wanted to
know my name? 

“I need to know your name. Don’t bother lying.” The woman said after
taking a sip of her drink. I watched her put down the lipstick-stained
cup and go back to meeting my eyes. 

My body tensed. 

“Samantha. Sam.” I whispered as I turned my head from the woman and
looked out the window. The only thing I could see was snow, which was
weird. It was the middle of Summer when my mother and I were attacked. 

“Did you see what happened in West Brooke?” She asked. I had no idea
what she was talking about, so I shook my head no. 

“Did you hear about the plane crash?” She asked as she slid a notepad
out of her jacket. I watched her pull out a golden pen after popping the
cap off. The sound of the pen hitting the paper made my brain itch. 

I licked my lips and crossed my arms, “No.” I answered honestly. 

“The incident at Greenridge?” She asked as she wrote. Each time the pen
hit the paper, my body tensed. 

“Never heard of Greenridge,” I said as I looked around the room again.
Stacks of movies lined the north wall, and a pile of rifles sat next to
the TV. I could hear someone cooking nearby; there must’ve been a
kitchen somewhere. 

“Sam, I need you to focus.” The woman said as I slowly turned back to
her. 

“Where are you from?” She asked me seriously. Leaning in. I could smell
the coffee and cigarettes wafting off of her. It made my eyes twitch. 

I went to answer her question, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t remember where
I was from. I closed my eyes to think, but the woman eventually tapped
my leg. 

“What about your mom? We had no idea she had children. Our cleaner would
have handled the situation differently. What was your mom’s name?” She
asked me as she got ready to write. I was suddenly very aware of my own
voice. 

My lip quivered as I went to speak. Searching for the memory made my
brain feel like it was burning. I had to reach up and grab the side of
my head. I opened my eyes, and the woman was a little blurry. It wasn’t
until I felt the tears running down my face that I realized I was
crying. 

“Only a few more questions. Do you remember when the sky changed?” She
asked me as I licked my tears from my lips and shook my head no. 

“Have you ever been to LittleBrooke?” She asked me as I clenched my
pants and slammed my eyes shut. My head was pounding, and my brain felt
like it was pushing at every inch of my skull. 

“Sam. Stay with me. Did you get to meet Stella? Have you met your
sister? Did your mother ever tell you about the sky changing-” I heard
every word. I could practically feel the desperation pouring off the
woman. But I couldn’t keep my eyes open anymore. It was like my body
just gave up. 

-

When I woke up again, I clenched the ground underneath me. This time,
there was no pain in my leg, so I sat up, quickly got to my feet, and
moved towards the window. I could barely make out a car in the distance.
I was trying to calculate if I could make it through the snow when the
door behind me opened. 

“I’m so sorry.” The man in the blue snowjacket said as he walked into
the room. I turned to my left and tried to take off, but he reached out
and grabbed me with ease. I screamed, I screamed harder than I ever had
before as I was carried out of the room. 

I reached out to grab the doorframe. I tried to kick my legs, buck my
hips, thrash my body. I clenched my hand around the doorframe, but it
didn’t matter. The man kept pulling, I kept screaming, until I felt one
of my nails break. I felt the wood pushing into my fingertips.

He yanked me away from the frame and squeezed me into his chest. It
hurts to breathe. 

“This is all your fault. You and your damn mother. If you had just died,
we wouldn’t have to do this. I wouldn’t have to kill you this way,” He
said as he hugged me. A hug so tight it felt like my heart was going to
burst.

“I’ll make it quick. I promise.” He said as he slowly started moving
down the hallway. I sucked in through my teeth. As I trembled in the
man’s arms, he brought me into the living room and held me near the
couch.

“I’m so sorry!” He screamed above me as he kept squeezing. Tears flowed
down my cheeks, but I couldn’t scream anymore. I could barely feel my
body, my arms went numb, and then my legs. I had to force myself to
close my eyes. 
I could hear him crying. 

My mind flashed back to my mother’s lifeless eyes. 

I whimpered and let go.

-

I gasped when my eyes opened. My body twitched, and I looked around. My
legs were submerged in black sand. I tried to brace myself to see the
monster again. But nothing happened. 

“Sam.” A voice spoke out from somewhere around me. I dug my hands into
the sand and started pushing myself up. I could feel my broken ribs and
bruises. I coughed loudly, violently, but I just kept pushing. 

“Let go.” The voice said as I looked up to the black sky. Only looking
down, I realized a cup had appeared in front of me. My nose twitched
when the smell of fresh hot chocolate. Hit me. I could feel the warmth
radiating from the cup. It was as if it was becoming me to reach forward
and take a sip. 

For a moment, I considered reaching forward and taking a sip. But I
didn’t. Instead, I leaned back and let myself sink into the sand,
preparing myself to suffocate again. But instead, my eyes fluttered
open. My body was facing the TV in the living room, and I didn’t dare
move. But I could see myself in the TV reflection, my hair was partially
white. One of my eyes was a burning orange.

As soon as I heard voices, I closed my eyes again. 

-

“How many times do you think she can die?” The woman asked. 

“No idea, but she hasn’t moved. Is this our first time seeing this
ability?” The man who crushed me asked. 

“Yes. But it won’t matter. We cleared the town, and the endless snow
should stop. Everything should be okay. Get rid of her body and get
warm.” The woman said. She sounded so sweet, so confident. 

There was pressure next to me. I could hear the man breathing. He was
still sniffling, but I didn’t feel bad. Pain radiated throughout my
whole chest, my back, and the base of my neck. It was all his fault. He
didn’t have the right to feel bad.

But a question burned at the back of my mind. How many times can I come
back? 

I sat as still as possible for god knows how long before I finally heard
the man start snoring. I opened my eyes and slowly got off the couch. I
turned my attention to the pile of weapons and slowly made my way over.
I crouched down and slammed my teeth together, fighting back a cough. As
soon as my hand hit one of the rifles, pain shot into my arm. I yanked
my hand back, and bits of blood trickled out from my fingertips. 

I checked behind me before slowly standing up. As I moved out of the
living room, it felt like time was slowing down around me. I left the
living room and hit the kitchen. The first thing I looked for was a
phone. 

I didn’t even hear someone approaching me until it was too late. The
creak ringing out from behind me made me jump and turn around, just in
time to be hit in the face. I stumbled backward before a fist hit me
again, causing my head to slam off the fridge. 

“You killed him.” The woman snarled at me. 

“I didn’t-” I screamed as she slammed into me. I gagged loudly as I hit
the fridge again. I could hear objects hit the floor around me.

“If you would just die, the snow would stop! Everything would be okay if
you would just die!” The woman screamed at me as she took me by my hair.

I cried out and reached for her wrist as she dragged me out of the
kitchen. I coughed loudly, spitting blood all over my chin as I swung
back at the woman. 

“Look at him!” She screamed at me as she threw me next to the couch that
had the man sleeping on it. I looked up, and my blood ran cold. My whole
body tensed. I could feel my eyes filling with tears. 

He wasn’t snoring anymore. His whole face was an icy blue; his eyes
appeared to be frozen shut. He was snoring, I swear he was snoring.

“He felt bad!” The woman roared at me as she tackled me. She took my
head in her hand and screamed at me. I will never forget her scream. Her
fist hit my head again. I coughed again, blood shooting out of my mouth.
She hit me again, this time, my head bounced off the hard floor. I
whimpered. 

My hands shot up in a desperate attempt to fight back. It wasn’t until
she went to punch me again that I grabbed her wrist and brought her
closer to me. She screamed, and I used my free arm to reach up. I shoved
my finger into her eye. I pushed as hard as possible.

She wailed out and tried to pull away. Her free hand slammed into my
side. I yipped, screamed, and punished a little harder before she
finally pulled away. As soon as she got off of me, I forced myself up
and charged at her.

When we collided, her body slammed into the floor, and I screamed. I hit
her as many times as I could, as hard as I could. I hit her head, her
chest, her side, and her face. I hit her until she stopped fighting
back. I slowly got up and tried to clean the tears from my eyes.

It was a mistake to turn my body away from her.

I heard a screech from behind me as the woman came charging at me again.
We hit another wall so hard that we went through it. I cried out as we
went crashing into the snow. The cold stung. I screamed as the woman put
her hands around my throat.

“You let it in!” She screeched as she choked me. I grabbed her wrists
and bucked my hips.

My vision was becoming spotty, but I could see her skin slowly turning
blue. Eventually, she fell over. I had to pry her fingers from my neck.
I sat up, gasping, coughing up blood. I could feel blood on my back; I
could see it pooling in the snow.

I got up and limped back to the house. I searched for a bag of any kind,
and eventually found a backpack in one of the bedrooms. I also looked
for any personal belongings, but I couldn’t find any. I went back to the
living room to continue looking around. 

-

My arms trembled as I looked over the weapons. I even checked the DVD’s.
After that, I went on to the rest of the house until finding the woman’s
room. It was the most normal room in the whole house. She had a bed with
sheets, a flatscreen TV, and a lot of clothes. I searched everything.

Eventually, I found a green backpack tucked away in her closet. I opened
it to find papers, a box, and a few VHS tapes. The works. As I looked
into the backpack, it dawned on me. The woman said I let “it” in. I
closed the bag and got my stuff before making my way to the front door. 

I made my way off the porch and tested the snow. It was mostly frozen;
if I kept moving, I wouldn’t sink. I clenched the bags and trudged
forward. I was sure that I would hit a road, or another house, or
something. But just as I hit the middle of the lawn, I felt like someone
was watching me. 

I turned my head towards the trees and squinted a little. A pair of
pinprick white eyes looked back at me. I could barely make them out. My
body froze, and I started trembling again. A mix of pain and fear shot
through my body. Inside the house, I was scared. When I died, I was
terrified. But when I made eye contact with the creature in the woods,
it was like looking into the eyes of despair itself. My lip quivered as
I whimpered. I tried to will my body to move when someone spoke from the
woods.

-

“Mommy! It’s so cold! I don’t feel good!” A child’s voice rang out from
the woods. For a moment, I wanted to run towards the child, to let him
know that it was safe. But that feeling was fleeting. 

I watched the eyes get closer, slowly taking a step back, the snow
crunching under my foot. 

“Mommy! When will the snow stop?” The trees echoed around me. I kept
moving backward. 

“The pastor said when the sky returns to normal.” The woman’s voice rang
out from the trees. I clenched my bags and tried to glance around. It
was as if the trees were dancing around me. 

“The pastor said that his cleaner will fix the problem!” The woman’s
voice shrieked again. I could hear it clearly now. The voices sounded
human, so human that it was hard to ignore. But certain words were
wrong, the inflection and pitch were off. I kept stepping back slowly. 

“Mommy? Did God answer the pastor-r-r?” The child’s voice returned. This
time, it sounded like someone was speaking through a broken loudspeaker.

“Yes, my love. He said that God heard our prayers. He found the heathens
who have been causing the endless snowfall. It will all be over soon.”
The woman’s voice shot out again, and this time I started moving faster.
I could see the white dots dancing in the woods against the setting
sun. 

“Momm-y-y-y.” The woods screamed as the eyes finally escaped the
treeline. I watched as a grotesque creature emerged from the trees. It
stood on two legs that came down into large paws. Its arms were
abnormally long; I couldn’t see its hands in the snow. It had the head
of a wolf. The torso of a man was covered in white fur. I watched its
head snap back and forth.

Paralyzed with fear, I couldn’t help but watch. It was like my legs
wouldn’t move anymore. 

“Mommy, what was the first sin?” The creature bellowed. It hung its jaw
open to speak, the voice of the child playing out of the beast’s
throat. 

I screamed and took off running. It took everything I had left in me to
make it through the snow. But I could hear it running after me.
Eventually, it stopped speaking and made a sound like…a human crying.
After that, it screamed, the screams of at least ten different people. 

I shot through the trees. Grunting and screaming as branches slammed off
my body. I was so sure that I was going to die, that this was the last
time, until my foot hit the pavement. I slipped, landing right on my
left hip. I slid across the street and into a snowbank. 

As the falling snow peppered my face, I slowly forced myself to stand
up. Blood ran down my leg. My knees trembled; it felt like my bags were
my lifeline. But it didn’t matter. I didn’t have any fight left in me. I
coughed as I waited for the monster to come barreling out of the woods,
but it never happened.

 
I started limping up the street, trying to stay off the icy road. That’s
when I saw it in the distance, the beaming lights of a Bus Stop sign. I
made my way over and sat under the small dome. I just wanted to get out
of the snow. As I sat there, I could hear the snow cracking behind me. I
tried to sit up and look back, but I could barely move. 

A man sat next to me. He wore a black suit and a black hat with tinted
sunglasses. He leaned back and pulled his glasses off to meet my eyes. 

“I’ll trade you the green bag for a bus ticket.” The man smiled at me. I
wanted to say no, I tried to say no. But I couldn’t form the words. I
could feel my left arm rise. I watched my hand open and handed him the
bag. But it wasn’t my choice. 

“I’m sorry about your mom, kid. But I’ll make sure these get to a safe
home. In the meantime, be careful with your gift.” He said as he got up
and left. I watched him walk into the woods. Leaving nothing behind but
a ticket where he was sitting. 

I slowly took the ticket and watched a bus come roaring down the street.
It stopped right in front of me. Getting off the bench felt like hell; I
was so sure that my body was going to crumble at any moment. 

I handed my ticket to the bus driver and sat down, resting my head on a
window. I sat there sobbing as the bus drove down the street. We passed
by many different houses. All were different colors, but they all had
something in common. The snow outside of each one was stained red. Some
cars looked torn open. I saw people frozen, body parts missing. 

I looked up into the dark sky and saw the snow stopping, and couldn’t
help but cry harder.
