Her hand, pallid, bespoke by fires of fever, did stain mine shirt,
wracked muscles pining for the words taken from her half frozen face.

“Speaketh not, mine wife, mine love, for as in life ’twas thine path to
follow, thus in your death ’tis mine path to lead,” I viewed her as
Isaac viewed Providence through the Philistine fog, and I wept.  She
turned her head on her pillow, and did allow her drool to fall from her
seized mouth, and she did squeeze my chest.  “For soon ye shall be
reborn, and thus our spirits may never part.”

A knock upon the door, that I did ignore.  As Jacob did crack the door
of King Jeremiah, did it open nonetheless.

“Brother Ephram, the hour groweth short, He will be soon,” Brother
Festus, mine closeth brother.

“Ye, she ist ready, and I, too.”

“Very well, brother, blessings,” And the door did heal its crack to the
wall.

Lo, mine wife, mine wife, God hath chosen, and God hath spoketh, and as
one shall be born, so thus one shall be taketh, and the Group of
Seventeen hath chosen you in your condition to be summoned into the new,
just as your were summoned before, and I was summoned before, and they
were summoned before, and three hundred and one others shall be summoned
after, and before, and again for these blessed and holy six generations
shall turnt to seven.  Amen.

“Hey dipshit, you done having that Veggie Tales broad drool on you or
you gonna fuckin’ let me out?”

The newcomer.  The interloper.  The infildelium.  His arrival did harken
alarm, as the unclean, the spiritually broken doth.  We did commit him
to a cell of iron, secluded from the Godly soil, confined to our
sanctuary of faith.  His judgement would come at the hands of God now. 
As is their custom.

“Nay,” I spoke.

“Swell, you gonna grow a mustache to connect that beard, you fuckin’
moron?  You look like an extra from Kingpin, dumbass.  Let me tell you
something, I get out of this joint, and the Mounties are gonna be having
their fuckin’ way with all your asses, you dig?  I just needed to use
the fuckin’ phone, cause you primitive screwheads don’t know what a
fuckin’ cell tower is.  Or shit, how much for one of those pickups? 
I’ll buy it from you right now, be on my way, and you can go back to
being cornfed fuckin’ cavemen.”

He spoke violently in syllable, accent, a language of Sweet Sejenus
Himself, but in a way of speaking and words unlike the Census man, or
the Post, or the grain buyers, or automotive parts dealers we dealt
with.  

“‘…and I did bend the bars of iron, for mine arm was iron, and my
bracing was the Lord,’” I did quote, a favorite passage.

“I-gonna-ron this size 11 Carlos Santos up your ass if you don’t let me
outta here your fuckin’ dope.”  He did strike a cell bar, a ring upon
his smallest finger did ring, and mine wife did move her fevered and
ruined face to gaze upon the stranger.

“S’matta with your broad anyway?  ’Sides a chronic case of inbreeding?”

I did ignore him, and lowered mine wife’s head upon the pillow of
feathers.  She had been a goodly wife, twentyseven years did she serve
me, as I served her.  And lo, did we produce no future, I did love her
as Saul loved Edith, as King Scrooge did love for Marley, as God did
love us, his earthly spouses.  Yey, as shadows cast from thine window
frame upon this holy church, I knew our time, in this vessel for her,
was nearing an end.  To light the candles, as the sacrament drew near. 
I would guide her to meet God, and God demanded the old light, of waxed
fats and anointing oils.

“You know I’m a fuckin’ doctor, right?  Did I not mention that like
fifty fuckin’ times?  Or can you rubes not count that fuckin’ high?  Or
have you dumbfucks perfected the art of coughing in each other’s faces
until somebody feels better?”

God, may my final hour with mine wife be spent in silence, why doth ye
test me with this man and his harshest of word?

“Now she ain’t much to look at, but she’s hard to miss, if you get me
drift, but looks like she has Bell’s Palsy, lemme guess, she gets these
right?  Like half her face freezes up and she gets all messed up and
shit?  And let me guess, this time it didn’t bounce back to looking like
the beaming fuckin’ catcher’s mit of a mug she usually has?”

“‘As light in the darkness of night, doth the spirit of faith guide the
feet of righteous, and as feet are guided to God, so doth God guide His
choosing.’ Amen.” I did pray, as I put flame to another candle, and
repeated the prayer.

“HEY NUMBNUTS!  I CAN CURE YOUR WIFE!  ‘CURE’ YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
YOU DUMB SON OF A BITCH?!”  

A gurgle from mine wife, and I did return to prayer and flame.

“What’s up toots?  You wanna talk again?  You wanna say goodbye to your
fatass husband?  I can do that, it’s one shot, real fuckin’ easy,
miracle cure, you’ll be up and slobbering on each other in five
minutes.”  His voice was as a woman speaketh to a pup, who hath yet
learned not to make miracle puddles and piles on the inside rug. 

Forgiveth me Lord, for I fear this man doth draw mine ire.

“Come on babe, sorry I called you fat, just bring me that case, I can
make it all better babe, make you the smiling piece of god’s ass you
were always meant to be, huh?”

To mine surprise, I did see mine wife sitting, drops of fever sweat
dripping upon her gingham dress, and her bonnet soaketh as a horse at
gallup.  

“Mine wife, listen not to his words, for he deceiveth, God’s time has
come and…” I began, but faltered.  The enormity of losing her burned
with each lighted flame, though she would be reborn in Brother Ezekial’s
wife’s womb, as even now the infant did kick, soulless inside its
mother, begging to be given the soul of mine wife.  I kneeled to light a
low flame.

When God sent Thomas to the wilderness to fetch treasure of the pirate
Ahab the Whaler, as was written by Sweet Sejenus Himself on the Holy
Antler, was he not beset by flies?  By leeches?  By the children of the
serpent?  And though Thomas’s fath was strong, he lay dying, and lo, did
his faith hold, and a boy did approacheth him, and offer him bitter
root, and glowing fern, and though the boy was an infidelium, he did
heal Thomas, and when the boy did witness the miracle, he did fall to
his knees and pray to Thomas, and did renounce his father’s god of
fishermen and bread and wine.  God was coming, and soon, and maybe this
was His inspiration, mayhaps this was miracle.  Mayhaps God wished to
meet mine wife not as a cripple, but to see her smile before him, to see
her as she had been made.

“Mmmmemmfffrrmmm!” Mine wife did say, and did hold her finger toward the
stranger, whose hands did grip the bars of his cell.

“How stranger, dost thou heal an ailment from God?” I did ask, after
lighting the final candle.

“Cause I’m a doctor, dipshit, and I got all sorts of little fuckin’
miracles in my little fuckin’ bag of tricks over there, ya fuckin’
understand?  Or do you stupid hicks only have doctors when it comes time
to playing with your sister?”  He did a strange gesture of holding the
longer finger up on each hand in a motion, up and down, as the oil
derricks went on the outskirts of the compound.

God, is this temptation?  Or is this thine wish?  Will thoust forgive me
if I make the wrong choice?  I gazed upon mine wife, on the floor now,
crawling toward the stranger’s hard square bag with the strange markings
of three interconnected circles, one stacked upon two.  

“Yeah babe, you got it, you got it, a little further, and I can make it
all fuckin’ better, you’re fuckin’ beautiful toots, a real fuckin’
looker, we’re gonna make you look like Cher in her heyday, come one
babe, a little closer,” the stranger cooed in his strange accent.  Mine
hand did stay her progress, and I did drag her back, and did place her
back into the trough.

“Rest mine wife,” her eyes, one sagged a thumb’s width compared to her
normal one, seemed to plead to me, and drool did flow from her mouth,
and my forehead did meet hers, and mine sweat did mix with hers, and I
felt the heat of unholy fever inside her, and I knew that God would be
displeased with us, with her, if she was given unto him as ravaged.  

“I relent, and I trust mine God to guide mine feet,” I whispered to her,
and her gnarled hand did grace my cheek.  I squeezed it, and lay it upon
her soiled lap, and I did stand and faced the man behind the bars.

“What ist that which ist needeth, vulgar stranger?” I said unto him.

“You’re gonna do it?  My man, I take back everything I ever said about
you shmucks, listen, grab the case, and give it to me.”

“Nay, God is coming soon, and I shall bear the responsibility of denying
him or delighting him, I shall not place that burden upon you.”  He did
expel air as a frustrated teen doth when told their chores are undone.

“Fine, punch in the code, it’s 6969, there’s a needle in there, stick it
in her ass cheek, it’s preloaded, but it won’t work unless you gimme the
phone and the battery charger charging gimmick in my coat pocket.”  He
did speak fast, mayhaps excitedly.  His excitement was contagious upon
my spirit, already elevated by the notion of speaking again to mine
wife, and meeting God so soon.

I pressed the numbers and the case did hiss, cold air from within biting
the back of mine hand as did the rat of Nineveh bite the hand of Clayton
the Potato Farmer.

“Careful, it’s fuckin’ cold as shit in there, it reacts to heat, so
dont’ fuckin’ touch anything but the needle, ya dig, and it’s just like
juicin’ a horse, you rubes got horses don’t ya?”

“Aye,” I said, and did carefully wrap mine fingers around the large
injecting needle, seeing that it was filled with a grey liquid that did
begin to stir as my fingers’ heat made contact.

“OK, great, first, though, you gotta gimme the phone and the battery,
it’s my jacket, if you don’t do that, shit’s gonna get bad, fire and
brimstone and shit, ya know?  So pick up the needle, let it warm up in
your hand for a bit, and gimme the fuckin’ phone.”  An octave higher had
his voice raised, thus was the holy excitement, and I felt it crawl upon
my spirit.  This was a miracle man, sent from the barbarian world, and
chosen to come.  I wrapped mine hand around the cold needle and tugged
it free from the case’s hold upon it, and did wrap mine hand around it,
ignoring the bitter cold upon mine callouses.

His jacket, a grey thing of slickness, lacking buttons, but affixed with
a zipper the way of his kind, identified his sect as Member’s Only.  The
inside pocket contained a small rectangle of glass and black ceramic,
and another of black plastic.  The cellular phone I had witnessed
mechanics and delivery drivers use.

I did present him unto the phone and battery.

“Thank fuck, thank fuck, thank fuck,” he did exclaim.

“Mine name is Ephram,” I did correct.

“Yeah, thank you too fuck face, now stick that thing in your wife’s ass,
the meaty part, won’t be hard to miss.  Make sure you’re on muscle, and
make sure it’s a fuckin’ big part, you do too small a thing her fuckin’
legs gonna burn off.”

Mine wife had already cast her bosom and stomach upon the ground, and
raised her dress to show herself to me.  And I did pierce her, below the
hip, and I did inject the plunger as the Ferrier doth the horse.  And
she moaned, and she did buck, and drool, and howl, and did fall silent.

“Hold on, gimme a minute, she’ll be…”

“Lord, mine God, forgive me for the actions I have taken if they are not
in your name, for mine wife is your creation, and I wish to render unto
you her back, as close as she was, and-”

“Ephram?”

A voice, uncertain, quiet, broken.

“Dear?”

Mine eyes did meet hers, and I did see her smile on both sides of her
lips.

“Stranger, barbarian, beast, healer, how didst…” I stuttered.  In
moments, breaths, it seemed she had been freed from her bodily mark of
sin.  

She looked around, and did hold her shaking hand to mine, and I did feel
vibration of holy spirit course within her veins.

“What hath he done, Ephram?”  She asked, “I feel His power course
through me, and repair mine failing mind,” then she coughed.  A puddle
of grey and yellow mucus falling unto the floor, and I did watch as the
yellow turned to grey, and seemed to slowly slink toward the bars of the
cell.

“’Tis nay our knowing mine wife, as Natty Bumppo did transcribe the
plates of the last Mohican-” I began, but mine words were lost to the
creak to the rear of the church, and the thud-clop-hiss of foot and
breath upon the oaken floor of the livestock a distance two throws.

And then a breeze did extinguish the candles, and I looked, and I did
see, two antlers, a skull of a moose and a man melded as one, skin of
moss, and a rib cage of eyes under folded bat wings.  And I bowed my
head.

God had arrived.

“WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT!  WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT!  OH FUCK!” The strange
doctor did shout with irrational exuberance.  And from mine corner eye,
I did see him furiously hitting the screen of his cellular telephone.

God stepped on hooven feet, swishing His barbed tail to and fro, the
hollow skull eyes transfixed upon us, as the holy dozen eyes of
judgement upon its ribs did dart to and fro.  He paused three paces from
the trough and drew Himself to His full nine feet, and His voice did
click and purr.  Mine bladder did let loose, as mine faith did waver, as
has happened for all, and my wonderment masked by irrational fear of
mine loving and careful protector and creator.  Mine wife slid upon her
backside, and with the agility of a woman half her age, moved unto her
knees, and then lay prostrate upon the floor facing God, and I did the
same.  

She coughed, a longer, wretching thing, and she did vomit a stream of
grey unto the floor, though her hands remained clasped and her head
down.  The grey mass seemed to split, half traveling backward as a
snail, to the cell, half toward God.

God stepped toward the edge of the trough, and did lean down to consider
His creations.

I began, “God, I offer unto-”

At a speed inhuman, I felt myself snatched by the His holy claws and
uplifted, dangling, held out by bony spindle arms and judged by His
eyes, and I did see mine wife snatched in His second hand, and His ribs
did open like unto a bear trap, and I did see black matter and rows upon
rows of teeth in a circle, and lo, mine wife was cast unto His open
ribs, which did clamp and whirr, and grind, and I did hear screaming of
holy ecstasy from mine wife, though it sounded as terror and pain, and
blood did seep from the bottom of His rib opening, yet more grey than
red, and I wept and I kicked.

“YOU FUCKIN’ PEOPLE ARE FUCKIN’ FUCKED IN THE FUCKIN’ HEAD!” The
stranger from the cell.  I turned to assure him, and did see two bars
were dissolved, as if eaten through as acid does a bone, and a third and
fourth bar were nearly gone, and the mass of grey had increased tenfold
around him, coating more bars, and he would be free soon.

“Mine God…” I began to speak through a wavering voice, terror betrayed
me, though faith prevailed.

And God did open his ribs unto me, and I did see the black again, and
the teeth…were grey…and the black was grey…and mass of grey did skitter
through him, and course and surge, and God did howl and I fell as He
dropped me unto the trough below, and mine ankle did snap upon the edge,
and I cried.  

And God’s arms did raise to the roof, and He did thrash, and He did
kick, and He did scream as the grey mass dripped from His mouth and His
eyes and His ears.  And God did jump, and through the wooden roof of His
church he bashed through and unfurled His wings as His foot fell off and
landed beside me, and then He turned in the air, and His wings failed
Him, and He crashed to the ground, and screamed an animal cry of fear of
pain and death, and went silent as He became a puddle of grey.

“Come on, dumbass,” a hand upon mine shoulder, bunching my suspenders
together and pulling me out of the trough, and along the floor, a small
bubble of normal amongst the grey that had coated the walls around us. 
“You got the keys to your pickup?”

“Yay,” I did say, uncertain of what else to utter.

“Good you fuckin’ rube, you’re gonna drive me to Calgary, and we’re
gonna meet my guys, and you’re gonna tell them just how great
nanotechnology fuckin’ is.”  He voice was gruff, angry, and though the
grey mass did approacheth us, it seemed to die and dissolve as the
strange doctor drug me along the floor of the church to the People’s
door.

That night, mine ankle healed as the doctor had giveth me an injection
in mine ass, and I felt bone meld with bone within me.  

“Good shit huh?  And dumbass venture capital don’t wanna touch it, got
their raging micro boners all up on AI these days, before that it was
blockchain, fuckin morons.  Well, you can write this fuckin’ down, and
you can tell about whatever the fuck that was you primative dipshits
were about.”  

I did not understandeth his words, but mine colony, 15,000 acres of farm
and timber and oil, I had watched turned grey from the summit of the
hill.  And I had wept.  And I wrote down what did happen, and I giveth
it unto you.

“Guess you stupid mother fuckers should have just let me call a fuckin’
tow truck,” the Doctor had said.

God forgive me, though You are not alive to do so any longer.
