So here’s the deal:

This guy on Discord keeps trying to message people. But each time
someone accepts his friend request, the moment he starts a conversation,
the person he’s messaging gets a knock on the door, and types brb, or
back in a sec, or sometimes just hang on. Only… they never come back. He
doesn’t know what happens to them. Never gets enough details to figure
out real names, where they live, or who’s knocking. Just that someone’s
at their door. Knock knock.

Then—boom. Gone. Ghosted.

I’m about to find out why.

See, I’m the next guy to chat with him. He claims he wants to hire me to
solve the mystery, and he’s promised me fifty bucks if I can tell him
who’s at the door.

HIM: It’s always within the first 5 mins.

ME: So someone’s gonna knock and make me disappear?

HIM: I mean yeah that’s wut keeps happening lol

ME: How many people so far?

HIM: 8

ME: You sure you’re not just accidentally disconnecting?

HIM: I’m sure. u definitely disappear.

ME: But if I don’t, you’ll Venmo me fifty bucks?

HIM: Yeah just tell me y everybody else vanishes.

I check my watch. Only a sucker would believe him. But just call me Jack
“sucker” Wilde—fifty bucks is just big enough and five mins just short
enough that even though I know I’m being strung along, I linger like a
jackal eyeing a plump bird overhead, waiting in the impossible hope
it’ll fall from the sky. I ask him if he can tell me anything about the
eight others who disappeared. He claims he knows nothing about them
except their usernames, which he can’t remember accurately. Uh huh. It’s
only been two minutes.

ME: hey, reminds me of a joke. Knock knock

HIM: who’s there

ME: Jack Juicy

HIM: jack juicy who?

ME: ’Course I don’t see who, nobody’s knocked yet.

HIM: ugh lol

ME: knock knock

HIM: who’s there

ME: Jack Waddleweed.

HIM: do you… only know jokes with ur name in them? jack waddleweed who?

ME: I told ya, we gotta wait till they knock!

HIM: Bro… STAHP 🤦‍♂️

I got a million of these. My favorite is actually a Britney one. Like
most of my material, it’s not a Jack original (wanna guess where I…
reddit?). I’m about to tell it anyway when my phone pings and—nope,
nothing related to knocking. It’s just my girl, asking how studying is
going. I should probably get off Discord before she actually comes down
here to my basement office to check on me, and I hover the mouse over
the chat tab to close it, keeping one eye on the clock.

Right as I’m about to click, there’s a knocking at my door.

***

The number one rule of the paranormal is: It’s not real. 99.9% of the
time, anyone telling you a ghost story is selling you a fiction. They
might believe in that fiction themselves—in fact, that’s why these
things travel so well. Nothing sells a lie like a true believer. But at
the end of the day, that chain email’s not gonna curse you, that creepy
doll’s not gonna come to life, there’ll never be a knocking at your door
that will result in your sudden disappearance off the face of the Earth…
and Jack, you’re never gonna get that fifty (so close the chat
already!).

Without closing the chat, I get up and go up the stairs to the door so I
can let my fiancée into my basement office.

My girl, Emma, is a straight-A overachiever going for her masters in
public policy. She promised we’ll announce our engagement once I earn my
GED, which is why I’m supposed to be studying. Me? I dropped outta high
school and quickly found my true calling—raising money for charity.
Specifically, charity for yours truly. Yep, I’m a scam artist. Spent the
better part of a decade involved in everything from catfishing to
setting up gofundme’s that just fund me. Only degree I ever got was in
BS.

My girl wants me to go to business school and get an actual degree. I
reformed before I met her—straightened out a couple summers ago after
karma slammed me into a coma. Nothing like near-death to make a man
re-evaluate his choices.

So, the real reason I stayed in the chat? It’s not for that fifty. I
stayed on the teensy chance people really are disappearing… because this
is my new charity work. This is how I make up for my misdeeds. I save
people—as a paranormal investigator.

… which, as I’ve mentioned, 99% of the time is just about uncovering
scams. LOL no way this dude’s legit. Everyone he chats with disappears
in five minutes? Eight people and no one noticed the connection? Come
on. But also…

… What kind of sucker would I be to make it nine?

KNOCK

KNOCK

KNOCK

“Babe?” I rap my knuckles on the door and grip the knob. “Wanna hear a
joke?” I wait. And wait. Pretending not to notice the goosebumps on my
arms. Pretending not to feel the cold knot of dread forming in my gut
when she doesn’t answer. Then I let the knob slide back into its closed
position, drop down and peek under the bottom of the door.

No feet. Not even a shadow. No one is there.

I trot back downstairs and type:

ME: knock knock

HIM: who’s there?

ME: You tell me, bud. There’s knocking on my door. Wanna explain what’s
really out there, and why you keep luring people to it?

***

Most entities I’ve encountered follow specific rules. Since they don’t
belong in this world, they often require an invitation or a summons.
You’re probably already familiar with this concept through folklore,
stuff like vampires needing to be invited inside, or the Devil making a
deal to swindle someone outta their soul. The recurring theme is that
whatever terrible fate befalls the victim is in some way incurred, by
spoken or unspoken agreement. Like paranormal terms and conditions.

I accepted his friend request. Next came the knocking. If I open the
door—next comes my disappearance. Each step an invitation to the next.
But what did I really invite? And what’s this guy’s connection to it?

HIM: Oh, shit, there’s knocking fr? rip I guess lol

HIM: 👻

ME: I peeked under the door and no one’s there.

HIM: Wait, shit, really? OMG holy shit ur the first person who hasn’t
ghosted me. R u shitting me or is this for real?

ME: Who are you? What’s your real name?

HIM: Uh… I’m not comfortable giving my name out online.

ME: Why the fuck are you luring people?

HIM: I’m fucking not, man! I’m just Tim! That’s my real name, Tim! I’m
just a dude. I have NO IDEA why people get knocks on their doors after I
friend them.

ME: meet me in video chat

HIM: Yeah, yeah, sure ok. Yes. Christ, yes. I wanna know as bad as you.

But the video chat is all staticky. It is very difficult to make out
“Tim.” His room is dark, as if all the lights are off—or else the video
is just very low quality and the connection terrible. I cannot hear him
speak. The knocking continues on the door to my basement office.

“I need names.”

Nothing but static.

“I can’t hear you. Look, just send screenshots of your previous chats.
And the fifty.”

TIM: y do u need screenshots? Isn’t that like a violation of privacy?

“Do you want to know what’s knocking, or not?” I reply aloud.

Tim can obviously hear me and probably see me, too, because he hems and
haws and types out his responses to me on the keyboard. It’s not until I
threaten to log off that he finally relents. $50 from SomeGuyNamedTim
shows up in my account, followed by a series of screenshots. All his
conversations follow the exact same pattern as mine—a short exchange
followed by a brb or hang on. The only variation is in how he opens the
conversation, initially beginning with, “I’m looking to make friends”
but as he gets ghosted changing it up to, “I’m trying to figure out why
everyone disappears.” At one point he says, “Does everyone just hate
me?” Seems like just a regular lonely dude baffled by the world tuning
him out. He’s pitiful enough in these conversations I might assume it’s
his extreme social ineptitude putting people off…

… except for the knocking.

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

The knocking won’t quit.

When I get up and walk over to the egress window to crack it open, the
knocking at the top of the stairs moves to the nearby storage room door.
And when I go to take a leak, the knocking comes from the bathroom door,
barring me from going in to use the toilet. Good thing I have that
potted plant down here that needs watering. Oof, this is gonna get real
inconvenient real fast. Jack, urine trouble now!

… sorry for the pun. I’d pee myself out but as you know, I can’t. And
unless I can figure out who’s behind this knocking…

… I’m next in line to disappear.

So much for studying.

***

My first and best play here is to learn what I can from the previous
victims, and after rereading their chats, I start digging for deeper
data. The first guy I identify is a 67-year-old boomer who uses the
Discord handle QuentinS—, real name Quentin S—, and his password is
almost certainly “password” or “03XXXX” which is his birthdate that he
also publicly shares, along with his address on whitepages. He lives
about an hour away from me. His last post was one week ago, and friends
of his are posting birthday wishes on his FB and asking about him,
though there’s nothing in local news about him being officially missing
as of yet.

The next user I identify is T—Foxfire, who uses the same username for
her blog which links to her Instagram where she shares video of herself
(real name Lucia T—) walking her cat, Boo. From the landmarks in her
videos I find her address, and since she’s in the next suburb over only
twelve minutes away, I call a Lyft. Lucia’s conversation with Tim was
two days ago and there’s no missing persons report for her either.

While waiting for the Lyft I search the other users, trying to find any
I can identify quickly. The next to come up is Discord user Rosman, who
I find via the same profile picture on Instagram as R— Osman. She turns
up in local news: SEARCH FOR MISSING WOMAN CONTINUES

(These are all fake names by the way, out of respect for the victims’
privacy. But you get the gist of my search results.)

I’m still trying to ID the other victims when my Lyft arrives. Since
doors aren’t an option, I go out through the egress window.

As I approach the Lyft—is that rapping I hear from inside, muffled by
the ambient noise of the wind? Just to be safe, I ask my driver to lower
the rear passenger window so I can climb gracelessly in, my upper body
collapsing into the seat and my legs kicking out like I’m stuck in a
shitty sitcom. Only thing missing is a laugh track. The driver stares
like I’ve lost my mind. Smile, Jack. Thumbs up. This is gonna be a great
day.

***

Lucia T lives in the lower level of a red brick duplex in an artsy
neighborhood. Someone has written a poem in marker on an upper window of
the duplex, and Boo the cat peers out at me from the curtains of a lower
window. I ascend the front steps, only to be immediately exasperated
because like most duplexes, Lucia’s has doors. As soon as I approach the
knocking starts up.

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

I back off and head to the windows, rapping my knuckles on the frames
and looking for any that might be open. I’m standing there with my hands
cupped to the glass peeking in like the dictionary definition of “shady”
when the front door opens and an old lady confronts me—it’s Lucia’s
landlady and upstairs neighbor, Doreen (who according to Lucia’s
Instagram adores her cat Boo). I tell Doreen I was passing by and the
cat was howling and I looked in and saw what looked like someone passed
out inside. It’s a lie I blurt right in the moment, but I have what my
girl calls “puppy eyes,” sweet and earnest—and I turn on full
Labradoodle mode. My concern is contagious enough that Doreen wants to
call the police, but I tell her if the passed out person needs CPR it
might be too late if we wait—she can call while we quickly check.

Doreen unlocks the door, seeming not to notice the KNOCK KNOCK KNOCKing.
Nothing happens to her when she opens it. She’s not the invitee, after
all.

“Luce?” she calls.

“Hello?” I call as I follow her in.

Nothing but a cozy living room and a wide-eyed cat. While the landlady
goes to check the bedroom, I unlatch a window and open it just a crack.

We do not find Lucia.

I apologize profusely to Doreen and tell her I must have been imagining
that I saw someone fall—I definitely heard a thud, but it must’ve been
the cat. We go back outside, me babbling about how I’m so attuned to
cats. (I’m not. Dogs are objectively better. Have you ever seen a
guide-cat-for-the-blind? Of course not. Even cat fanatics know that cats
are assholes who’d let the blind walk right into walls.) We chat a
little longer and I say goodbye and head on my way…

… right back around to that window, slipping inside.

And now I snoop.

What happened to Lucia? There was no buildup of mail outside. No
evidence she is in fact “missing.” But the cat’s food and water bowls
are empty, and the cat is hounding me, weaving at my feet. When I told
the landlady the cat was signaling me for help, I was lying, but now
this distressed little animal genuinely seems to be trying to tell me
something important. “Hey buddy, where’s Lucia?” I ask. A dog would
recognize the name and take off in search of its owner. The cat, of
course, does no such thing, only meowing louder and in my face, clawing
at my jeans. Useless.

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

I press my hand to the door, and all the hairs on my arm stand on end.
When I take my hand away, the hairs settle. I’m not a medium—not
exactly—but ever since my very first paranormal encounter I’ve been
attuned to the uncanny. My first encounter left me… marked. That happens
when you catch the attention of the wrong entity. In my case, the
marking is an inked tattoo of a Lady in Red on my left arm. She’s a
demon who’s sworn to catch me and punish me for all my life’s misdeeds,
and sooner or later, she’s inevitably how I’ll die. Anyway, point is,
I’m attuned to the paranormal but I wasn’t born with any real psychic
gift (if you even believe in that stuff). So I have no way of knowing
what’s out there knocking on that door. I’m about thirty seconds away
from opening it out of sheer curiosity… but survival instinct, and the
fact the cat vanishes the moment I grip the knob, keep me from doing so.

Instead I sink down against the wall, tugging out my phone. Maybe the
other victims can shed some light. And presto—when I search for Quentin
S—, I find an update in local news:

OAKSIDE MAN’S BODY FOUND IN HOME, CAUSE OF DEATH UNKNOWN

Authorities are investigating the death of 67-year-old Quentin S—, whose
body was found in the crawlspace beneath the stairs of his home.

So he didn’t disappear? But then where is Lucia?

According to the police report, a neighbor decided to check on Quentin
after noticing that his front door was ajar. It was not clear how long
Quentin had been dead.

The neighbor told police that Quentin’s mouth “was open in a scream.” In
a subsequent interview, the neighbor, who asked to remain anonymous
saying he feared for his safety, said, “I can’t stop thinking about it.
The way his eyes were bulged out—I’ll never forget it. It looked like
something chased him under the stairs and literally scared him to
death.”

Huh.

Good thing I didn’t open it, I think, eyeing the front door of Lucia’s
unit. Then chasing right on the heels of that thought—But, what did he
SEE that scared him to death?

One of my best, or worst, qualities as an investigator is an insatiable
curiosity like an itch. Especially if warnings are blaring. Been like
that since I was a kid. What’s this red button do?—Set off an alarm, and
I was grounded. What’s in these confidential files on my dad’s
computer?—Proof he’s cheating. Again, grounded. What happens if I sit in
that cursed chair that kills everyone that sits in it? … Actually
haven’t done that one yet because Emma wouldn’t let me. The chair’s
still on my bucket list. Or as she calls it, my “obscenely stupid list.”
I should probably check in with my girl before I give in to the urge to
do something obscenely stupid.

But first—what happened to Lucia? Did she flee? I glance around the
living room, narrow my eyes on a couple of envelopes on the floor, right
at my fingertips. Letters. Like she was picking through the mail while
opening the door. Dropped the mail—in shock? Fear?

Dropped mail—then where did she go? The front door is where it would’ve
been, so if she fled, she’d run to the bedroom or bathroom. I check the
bathroom but it is tiny and there is no one behind the shower curtain.
Bedroom then, at the end of the hall, its door open. The landlady
already checked in here. Closet? But the closet has a sliding door
already ajar and I can see the cat peeking out. I push it further open
and peer inside.

Nothing but clothes and shoes.

The cat. The cat is crying. The cat is clawing at my pant leg and
looking at something, I realize. The cat is looking at something under
the bed.

And I get that feeling. That sinking in my gut. My limbs heavy, my
heartbeat suddenly slamming my ears. The cat looks back at me and meows
and I don’t hear him over the rush of my own blood. The apartment is
empty except for me and this loudly screaming cat. I lift up the edge of
the bedsheet and drop down to my knees and peer under the bed.

Here is Lucia, mouth wide open in a shriek and body stiffened in a fetal
posture of terror, hiding from whatever entered when she opened that
door.

***

Quentin’s neighbor didn’t do the description justice. I’m huddled on the
floor, holding the cat. And I can’t breathe. My pulse is slamming out a
rhythm with that KNOCK KNOCK KNOCKing and I can’t tell anymore whether
the pounding is from the door or my heart. it’s so fucking loud and I
can’t breathe and fuck, fuck! Why did I look at her face?

Suddenly I feel like such an idiot, such a phenomenally hopeless idiot,
for all those knock knock jokes.

Now I listen to that knocking and all I can see is Lucia’s eyes, the
bloodshot whites and the way her jaw is all but unhinged in a shriek you
can practically hear, hell I think I can hear it, somewhere beneath the
knocking… Lord knows I’ve had my share of scares. I thought I knew
terror. But whatever left Lucia like this, I can’t meet it. I’m not
going to end with my face stretched like hers in that godawful
sanity-shattering scream—no, no, NO! I can’t go like that!

“GO AWAY!” I holler, not even caring if the landlady hears me now.

Why, oh why didn’t I just do what I was supposed to, and study? I
should’ve learned by now to follow my girl’s advice, which is to make up
for my misdeeds in some ordinary way. Donate to good causes, volunteer,
become a public servant or work for an actual charity or a cat rescue or
literally anything, as long as I’m not poking around the paranormal.
This morning the plan was so simple all I had to do was pass the
practice test for my GED and not friend some haunted dude on Discord.
Emma’s gonna be so pissed at me, and that’s before she finds out what I
did to her potted plant…

Ugh. I guess just call me “Britney” now.

Knock knock.

Who’s there?

Britney.

Britney who?

I fucked up, Babe. Knock knock.

Who’s there?

Britney.

Britney who?

Oops, I did it again…
