This happened a couple weeks ago, but I’m still not sure who to tell or
what to do about it. I’ve contacted the exterminator, but they can’t
send anyone for another couple weeks. Figures. If anyone has any advice,
I’d appreciate it.

I noticed it exactly two weeks ago today, the Monday after I got back
from sabbatical. It was good to get away; I’d never seen the Midwest
before. And without having to worry about taking anybody with you, you
can see a lot of it on a pretty slim budget. A lot of my funds have
recently vanished.

Anyway, it was just an ant, that’s all. It sat on the floor in front of
the island, just a few inches away from the wood baseboard. I’ve seen
ants look for food or water or whatever, but that’s not what it was
doing as I ate. It just circled around. I thought it was broken or dying
or something, but after a while, it gave up and started moving in these
weird zigzag lines. After I finished my dinner, I went over and stomped
my show out. It curled and spasmed a little bit as the life left its
body.

“You and me both,” I thought.

I washed up the dishes and went to bed. When I woke up the next day, I
forgot about the whole thing until I got back home from work again. We
didn’t get many bugs even when they used to live here. At least, they
never complained; she was always scared of them, so I know she would’ve.

There was another ant doing the exact same thing but with a slightly
different route. Again, he picked when I was eating, but the weird thing
was that I got home and got fed about an hour later that day than
Monday. It’s not some circadian rhythm thing, I don’t think. He walked
from the kitchen sink to the cabinet back to the sink back to the
cabinet a few times before just walking away. After I ate, I went to
hunt him down, but he was gone.

I shook it off, though. Never was a bug kid; I didn’t know how they
worked. I figured I’d get poison the next day, but right then, I went to
the couch and watched TV. I almost forgot about the incident until a
pest control ad came on TV with prophetic foresight.

“Are you tired of creepy crawlies terrorizing your family? Are you sick
of gross roaches scaring your guests? Are you done with feeling like
it’s not your home anymore? Then try new P.I.T.T. insect poison!
Guaranteed to be a pain in their thorax! With one little pod-”

I turned it off and went to bed.

The next day I came back with poison, but before I set it out, I had
dinner which happened to be two scrambled eggs. I hadn’t gone to the
grocery store in a long time, and I had asked my friend to go with me to
show me the best deals on stuff. Anyway, I watched an ant crawl towards
the living room near my couch. It reminded me to read the instructions
on the P.I.T.T. pod I bought from the department store. But then it hit
me.

I stopped eating, walked over to the couch and turned on the bright
overhead light. And there, I saw it: the ant, standing in front of my
spot on the sofa, the most worn one. I stomped it out. It was tougher
than the last. But, it knew. It knew what I did yesterday. Like the last
one, and the one before that. I know it sounds crazy, but it felt like
they were mimicking me, mocking me.

I scarfed down my food, swept any and all crumbs off the floor that
could possibly be attracting them, and wiped down all countertops and
tables. I accidentally knocked over a picture of the kids that I had to
get a new frame for, but it just meant I swept that area extra well at
the time.

I put out the poison in the kitchen and went to bed, eager to see if it
worked. In the morning, I checked on the pod. Gone. No trace of it. To
be honest, I didn’t read the instructions, so I just thought that was
supposed to have happened. In retrospect, it should’ve surprised me that
the little bastards would’ve drug it to wherever the hell they were
hiding.

For the next several days, I kept an eye out when I ate. No ants
anywhere. And that’s how it stayed for the time. I just figured it was
some weird, stupid little species and that some bug scientist somewhere
could explain it. But then, I don’t think anyone could explain what
happened after.

For embarrassing but necessary disclosure, I got drunk one night. I
called her a few times until she ended up blocking my number.
Shamefully, I even tried texting the oldest one to get her to call back,
but that obviously didn’t work. Ashamed, drunk, and sad, I went to the
basement for the first time in a while to get something to reminisce on.

Our basement sucked, really just a loosely tarp covered crawlspace with
a small section you could stand in to do something, maybe, but none of
us ever figured out a reason for it. Aside from storage, that is. In the
tight part of the old crawlspace, there’s a small shelf section for long
term stuff. I always had to crawl in, and it was a snug fit for a bigger
guy like myself. It’s dark there until you reach the light switch.

I got down there and started the crawl. It was humid. The air was stiff
but the tarp stuck and tugged at sweaty exposed skin and sent a chill
anywhere it touched. It was an even tighter fit than I remembered. I
wasn’t sure if I’d reach the back storage shelf. I felt the splintery
wood crossbeams graze and pick the back of my shirt a couple times. I
reached out to blindly search for the switch until I hit it.

It took my eyes a second to adjust, and I couldn’t believe what I saw.
Right in front of the shelf, right in front of the photo album, there
was the pod. The little poison capsule. Around it was a great circle of
bugs. So many fucking bugs. Ants, mainly around the pod, with all sorts
of roaches and millipedes or centipedes and spiders and creepy crawly
bullshit spread out. But they all stood frozen in place. Alive,
standing, but fixated on it.

I looked at my hands, and they were surrounded by an outline of bugs,
each still looking at the pod. I moved my hand back, and they thinned
out and came back, filling in the new outline of my hand. I’d never seen
a bug move somewhere it wasn’t looking, but it was freaky as hell, like
their limbs aren’t designed to do what they’re doing. Questions raced
through my mind.

I didn’t have time to answer them, but I wasn’t leaving that album down
there to get eaten up by those things. I lifted up my arm, ushering in a
wave of them to surround where my chest met tarp. Great. I snagged it as
fast as I could and darted back quicker than I thought possible. I was
shaking involuntarily like they were all over me, but after I got out,
none of them had crawled on me somehow. Though, I did get an inch
splinter in my back in my haste.

I reached back and pulled it out. It hurt like shit, and I yelped louder
than I would’ve if other people still lived here. It was covered in red
that stained my fingers. I inspected it in the dim light, and as my eyes
focused on the horde, I noticed they had all turned their gaze towards
me. I ran the fuck out of there.

Stupidly, I just went up to my room, thinking they were all stuck in the
basement somehow. Wishful thinking, I guess. I fell asleep with the
album in my hands. I must’ve looked at every photo a hundred times. I
dreamt about the days they were taken. Feeling good about the past never
made the present hurt so much.

I woke up with my eyes closed, stubbornly refuting my alarm. I think I
hit snooze four times before finally realizing I was about to be late
for work. I got up, got ready, and went back to take one last look at my
photos. There was an ant on the album. I don’t know why, but I just got
so pissed off. I swept it off with my hand and stomped it a few times.
To my surprise, it was still alive, the blood loss, if they have blood,
contorting and shaking its body. So, I took my shoe and bore down hard,
dragging it across the hardwood bedroom floor as a brutal act of mercy.

When I got off work, I procrastinated going home again. I didn’t want to
find a billion of the little bastards in every square inch, so I just
stayed out a while. Caught up with that friend, took extra long grocery
shopping to learn the different ways of prepping salmon and what goes on
sale and when. It was informative, but my mind was preoccupied. I didn’t
tell her what was going on back home. I was hoping she’d come over, but
she was busy. I understood. I wanted to be busy, too, but back home I
went.

As I was cooking dinner, poorly might I add, I kept checking the ground
and the countertops and even the ceiling a few times. I couldn’t shake
the feeling that something was crawling all over me, but when I’d go to
look, it was gone. I was losing my mind. I burnt the salmon to nobody’s
surprise, but I still committed to eating it. That’s when I saw him.

It was the biggest spider I’d ever seen in person. Bigger than the size
of my hand, staring at me from across the way, unmoving. It was a hairy
bastard, head and eyes fixed in a trance. I’m not gonna lie, it scared
the shit out of me. I stopped eating and went over to investigate. I
thought those things were supposed to go make webs or react when you got
close or anything, but it just stood still. Hell, I didn’t even think we
had those big spiders in the States.

I lifted my foot carefully, and in one fell swoop, brought it down on
the body of the beast. Its legs splayed out flat, but something was
wrong. I felt it give on the bottom of my shoe, but the typical bug goop
wasn’t there. It was big enough to have meat; I knew it should be spread
out on the floor, but it was all under my foot somehow.

Suddenly, one of the legs started twitching. Then another. Then, like it
was alive and in pain, it started frantically scurrying against the
ground, stuck under my foot. I couldn’t believe my eyes. Eventually, its
legs started to bend and twist in ways I thought impossible. Web spewed
out from my heel as the legs rotated and started scratching the shit out
of my ankle and snapping at my laces with uncanny force and precision.

I was in shock, in some standoff. I didn’t know what would happen if I
let my foot up or moved it, if it would scurry out and start attacking
me. Hell, it was already attacking me. Eventually, I had to do something
as it started to draw blood from my foot. I yanked my leg back and
hopped away quickly, ready to strike. But, it wasn’t. It just stood
upright and looked at me. It wasn’t injured in the slightest. I felt
like I was going insane. Maybe I was. Maybe I am.

I tried backing away, but it followed me in these short little dashes
and bursts of movement. I kept my eyes trained on it as I backed up
through the living room. I tripped over something, and audio blared out.

“-not your home anymore? Then try new P.I.T.T. insect poison! Guaranteed
to be a pain in their-”

“Damn remote,” I said, turning the TV off quickly before training my eye
back on the spider.

It was closer now.

“What do you want?” I shouted.

For a second, I really thought it was going to say something back. But,
it didn’t. I got up, kept backing away, and when I got to our bedroom, I
slammed the door shut and locked it. A chill ran down my spine as I
heard its loud thuds against the wood door as it crawled up and down it.
All I could do was surrender and try to fall asleep. It took hours.

It was Saturday. I didn’t work on Saturday or Sunday. I woke up to the
terrible sight of my own outline made in the medium of bugs clinging to
my ceiling. I hate to say it, but it almost didn’t even phase me. They
were learning about me. My patterns. My shape. My possessions.

I started to crumble. I tried not to drink again since my last
embarrassing stunt, I really did, but this shit was too much. I went to
the bar and drank until I stopped remembering what happened. I’m sure I
looked like some sorry piece of work in there. I have a foggy memory of
a guy giving me hell, so I put it back to him. After a few harsh words,
somebody put their hands on somebody, and the next thing I knew, I was
in the back of a squad car with my hands cuffed.

After several hours, my friend came to bail me out. I told her I’d pay
her soon, and she knew I was good for it. She offered for me to come
stay with her, but I told her I didn’t know if I was ready to leave that
place yet. She told me to forget it, but I just couldn’t. I just
couldn’t yet.

She basically carried me to bed. I asked her if she saw any bugs as I
stumbled in, but she said no and asked why. I made up some excuse about
seeing a spider the other day. Not really a lie, I guess. She covered me
up, shot me a few friendly expletives, and made me agree to a few IOUs
before leaving me to pass out in peace.

I woke up, surprisingly, without a headache. My body was sore and
groggy, but I felt peaceful. I could hear the birds singing and the
light shined so gently. I kicked off the warm covers to a cold room. I
planted my feet on the ground, wiggling my toes into the soft, short
haired carpet which felt shockingly warm. Until I realized something.

My floors are hardwood.

Thousands of them. Half dead. Twitching. I sat up on my bed and tried to
find my shoes under the mass of bodies and fresh bug guts, but I
couldn’t. I knew I had to get out of there, though. Some of the spiders
in the mass of roaches and maggots started moving too coherently,
inching towards me. I made a run for it.

I felt sharp tinges and scratching sensations on my feet as I ran. Every
step crunched and spurted in a unique, gut-wrenching way each time. By
the time I made it to my door, they were ankle deep and active. I could
feel their legs crawling up me, sharp as needles. They were biting and
gnawing with their teeth as I grabbed the handle and pushed through the
front door. I fell to the ground, swiping my legs against each other and
smacking at them with my arms. But to no avail. They weren’t there. No
scars on my legs. No scratches on my ankle. Nothing.

I’m in a motel room now. I had to get away from it all. I was drowning.
She was, too, and I get that. It’s not a great spot, but it’ll serve me
for a night or two while I decide what to do next. A cockroach kept
crawling across my foot as I was writing this. I picked him up and set
him outside. Seemed like the most humane thing to do.
