I grew up in a small town close to a much larger town, there I was able
to get much depth and insight on the workings of the real world. For
example, how trains worked, for as long as I could remember I had a crib
right by a train station where the metal clanked against the wood, this
can’t happen forever as I spoke it soon went into existence as this old
town got revamped electric trains now as I type this for y’all. Growing
up my grandpa who often resembled the color orange would never go
outside much as he was older and the thing to do around there was a park
but it was really a swamp. My mom would introduce me to my nephew who
would come from another country and soon my life changed way too fast.

One day, my grandpa asked or I said, “I want to go outside.” He
confirmed, “Ok.” Just smiled, laughed, and said there are way too many
mosquitos. He couldn’t be more right or worse, he was actually so right
he laughed. I was just a baby being carried in my arms he then made a
joke around the mosquitos and the pond that once someone had hit someone
with their Bmw M2 from that edge of the corner all the way to the
staircase that led to the main road, anyway growing up trains always
meant something to me or at least change did. “When will this rackety
wood train turn electric?” As my one year old self implored that in 30
years things must get better.

I’m now writing this to you as my 30 year old self to say things have
gotten better. Over the years my family and I have changed schools,
houses, and such. We eventually found a stay 30 minutes from a school
that i didn’t go to, but laid awfully close to a train station by the
main road. Me and my two black friends were smoking, one who had often
referred to himself as lightskin had peer pressured us into taking shots
and smoking weed. The alcohol was done at his house, he had moved in
quite early in his 20s because he was a top salesman and his
relationship with his mom was tearing apart. Getting to his house I
invited my shorter black friend to kind of ease off the tension that you
normally would get from dealing with an aggressive salesman as a friend,
in his house there were so many twists and turns as soon as you get in.
Not to mention a round table in the corner of a living room which made a
sitcom like Family guy all the more funny and humorous that we can be
chased around if things weren’t going his way, an aggressive salesman’s
type.

Quickly, at the entrance we found ourselves at the staircase which led
up. He supplied drinks and a few weed tokes before we had to run off and
meet his plug. There all the time, he loafted. He kept making excuses as
why he couldn’t deal us weed one day then eventually texted back as we
had walked all over to waste time or moreso randomly come across weed
from another buddy of his. You could tell the annoyance in his voice.

“Yo can we pick up weed?”

“Yeah at 11pm.”

“Ok.” It’s past 11.

“Hello?”

“Oh my bad, ok come now.”

“Ok we’ll be there at 3am.”

It was one of those where the texts were so calm but the annoyance was
really felt by those around him. We really felt the pressure to stay out
to look cool in front of him, though, in hindsight he probably felt more
of a pressure to entertain us. Considering his anger and reputation as
the host as it goes.

That night I smoked, drank, and walked around so much (waiting for the
weed) that I ended up at the school where we all smoked a blunt. I then
instantly collasped though before collasping I had imagined that we were
walking up hill through our favorite creek and I had fainted and perhaps
slapped by chin against a hard rock. But instead no, the hazy fog of
static brought me back to where I was in front of my friends. They
recall fhe story as “dude you just stood there, your body waved, then
bam! You crashed chin first into the pavement.” They saw I was bleeding
massively and I needed an emergency a place to stay. My mind instantly
went to how the hell would I explain this to my parents as the black sky
usually says.

I eventually get a place at my shy friend’s house, as “okay” really came
as a shock to me. My friend that hosted that night had ran off with his
backpack in hand as if to say, “I never wanted any of this to happen; I
didn’t want to smoke, I didn’t want to drink, I didn’t want to stay out
this late. In fact if you thought I was peer pressuring you, it was you
peer pressuring me! As you invited an extra friend, imagine how that
made me feel the odd one out. I don’t really know him like that.” So I
had just landed a secure place where i could rest my damaged chin and I
told my parents they were to my surprise chill. “Oh ok.” I then spent
the night as a sleepover to congomegrate this party so it had been.

Years later I would keep the same amount of friends, this time at the
ol’ school park it was my four friends and I had dressed quite casually
in some swim trunks and a wide brim hat and a biege jacket. This was my
only day off. Around 3A.M we were just smoking like the boys then a dark
shadow of a chinese woman it seemed like had slowly ignored our loud
boys chatter and started doing tai-chi in the field of the school. There
in the dark gloom she showed how this is her usual place by the way she
gracefully was not afraid of the time. We boys made a joke that lets
disturb her peace, my black friends got close then repented. Came back,
I said “what happened?” They said “dude, if you want to try out go
ahead. It’s like as soon as you got close there was a forcefield that
makes sure you don’t get closer.” One friend nodded. That night was so
scary us four boys then ran in all four different directions as that’s
how the school was set-up, the fences. What’s really trippy is her in
her pale chinese skin alone in her own home had seen how dark it was,
tai-chi was her favorite movement, and heard some boys in her backyard
slowly screaming. She came out that night to terrorize us. And to think
it all started because someone once said I needed more of a social life.
