Part 1 https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/jozw1JGuwt

Part 2 https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/WnTJp2cQ59

I’m writing this from the cab of my truck, parked in the dim, flickering
fluorescent lights of a motel parking lot just outside of Dallas. A lot
has happened in the last 48 hours. I haven’t slept. Every time I close
my eyes, that low, rhythmic buzzing sound in my ears violently jerks me
awake, rattling my teeth until I force myself to stare back at the empty
highway.

After my last post, I pulled over at a rest stop just past the Tennessee
line. As the first pale rays of sunrise hit my windshield, I finally
forced open the rusted lockbox Andy told me about. The metal shrieked as
it gave way. Inside, resting on top of a heavy, coarse canvas sack, was
a letter written by my parents. The ink was old, yellowed, and written
in a frantic cursive.

This is exactly what it said:

“Dear Shaun, if you’re reading this, there’s a chance we are already
gone. I’m sorry, son. We thought the town would be safe. I’m sitting
here writing this just a few days after you were born, knowing that one
day our jobs may come back to haunt us… and maybe even you.

We were part of a team that helped capture the sister of what we believe
to be the first vampire family. They hold grudges—immortals tend to.
They believe their sister is dead, and if our plans came to pass, they
likely believe more of their family is dead too. They aren’t. You might
be able to save your own life with that information. If one of them did
kill us, it means they found the town in the void, and since you’re
reading this, it means you made it out.

You will be forgetting us. Anyone who dies in the void is forgotten by
those outside it. Shaun, just remember we loved you, son.

Find the Order of the Spades.”

My hands were shaking so badly I almost dropped the paper. I looked
beneath the letter. The canvas sack underneath was filled with heavy,
coarse rock salt. Tucked beside it was a Polaroid picture of a man and a
woman holding a baby. In my heart, a profound, aching grief told me
those two people were my parents. But my brain felt entirely hollow. The
buzzing pain returning to my head. There was absolutely no recognition.
No names, no memories of a voice, or a smile. Worse yet, as I stared at
the photo under the morning sun, the colors seemed impossibly dull. It’s
hard to describe, but it feels like every single time I blink, the ink
itself is fading, dissolving into blank white paper right before my
eyes. The Void isn’t just erasing them from my head‚ it’s erasing the
physical proof they ever existed.

frantically texting Andy what I’ve found. His reply came minutes later,
sending a chill straight down my spine

“I know. I found a box too. Mine says something very similar… but my
parents didn’t die there. They passed away years ago while we were on
vacation, far away from Holloway. I still remember them perfectly. But
your parents? And John? Shaun… I’m trying to hold onto them, but they’re
just fading. John’s face is completely gone from my head. Let’s meet at
this motel just outside of Dallas.”

I flipped the truck around and started driving like a madman back toward
Texas,

Andy and I finally met up in that Dallas parking lot, both of us hugging
a silent grief between us. But before we could even speak, the motel
lights started to flicker and dim.

In what felt like a second, he was on us.

Alaric. One of the first vampires. A monster I can barely describe.

“Well boys, I will say I thought you both smarter than this,” he laughed
coldly. “It is no fun when the hunted decide to meet back up—and back in
Texas, no less. I am disappointed in the children of hunters.” He
laughed again, his eyes bleeding back to that terrible red, black veins
pulsing as they met his black pupils. They ran out onto his surprisingly
handsome face, a dark, terrifying contrast. “So, I believe it is time
you both die. Or maybe I let one escape… maybe I make you both choose.
Maybe I make one kill the other.”

“Wait! We have information on your family! The ones you thought were
dead!” Andy yelled as I stood trembling beside him.

A flash of pure, deep hatred washed over the vampire’s face, and I
thought he’d kill Andy right then and there. But he didn’t move.

“Speak quickly, boy, or I will tear your throat out where you stand,” he
growled.

“They are alive,” Andy said, his voice shaking. “Trapped somewhere by
the Order of the Spades. Imprisoned, not dead.”

“The Order of the Spades… is that what those disgusting hunters call
themselves? Why should I believe you? Why shouldn’t I strike you down
where you stand?” Alaric asked, but a fraction of his anger seemed to
fade.

“It’s true. Both of our parents left a note saying it,” I stammered.

The monster turned to me instantly, grabbing me by my shirt and pulling
me close so his bleeding eyes were staring deep into mine. “Is this the
truth you speak?” he demanded.

Instantly, my mind went completely blank. Unable to think, resist, or
move, I was somehow forced to say, “Yes, it is true.”

In an instant, it was over. He shoved me away, releasing his iron-clad
grip.

“Well. You both have earned yourselves a free chance to continue our
little game. You won’t die tonight, but tomorrow is a new night,” he
said. He walked over to the front of Andy’s car and casually slammed his
fist right through the metal hood. I heard a loud, grinding whine as the
metal gave way under the immense force, completely destroying the engine
block. “But now y’all share a car. And I will kill you both next time I
see you, unless you have better information.”

We took that as our cue, hopping into my truck and peeling out of the
parking lot into the night.

Now, we are back on the road. The monster is somewhere behind us, and we
have less than 24 hours. I don’t know where to go, what to do, or where
to even begin looking for the Order of the Spades. All we have is each
other and a bag of salt each. If anyone reading this knows anything…
please help us.
