For three years I lived in a house thirty minutes from the nearest town.
An old Highschool friend I hadn’t spoken to in years offered me a room
on a whim for only $300.00 a month. The only rule was that I put up
with, and helped with on occasion, whatever oddities showed up on the
property.

I say oddities, but that doesn’t cover it. Some were almost ordinary,
like the floorboard that kept migrating to different rooms every few
weeks. Others were more concerning. The tall man in the trees, and the
frogking are a couple that come to mind. I’m getting ahead of myself.

My housemate, let’s call him Anthony, was an odd fellow. About a year
older than myself, he had a lanky build and would talk your ear off
about whatever war happened to be his hyperfixation at the moment. He
had a dog named Pickle who always seemed to stare a little too long.

The story that sticks with me the most happened about a year in. The
neighbors across the street were a retired couple, relatively quiet and
pleasant. Every couple of months they would do a burn pile. 

You always knew when they’d started. A pungent, sour smell would waft
its way into the house, reminding me of the reek of old vomit. I never
knew what they were burning on such a regular basis, and I didn’t care
to know. 

This time the gap between burns had been longer than usual. I figured
they’d been away on vacation. Then the smell arrived again, more pungent
than I remembered. I needed air and a cigarette. I grabbed my cheap pack
and stepped outside.

“Need to pick up a better brand next time I go out,” I muttered,
lighting up. The first cigarette of the day always hits the best; the
burn in the throat, the rush of nicotine to the head; even with the
smell hanging in the air. 

I finished the cigarette and turned to go back inside when something
moved by Anthony’s broken down Mitsubishi. A small green creature, no
more than three feet tall, squatted in front of the bumper. Its ears
hung down to its ankles. Its nose was like a pig’s snout. Its mouth was
far too wide for the head, like someone had stretched it.

I reached slowly for the door handle. The thing turned its head. It
startled, tripped over its own ears, and hit the ground with a
wet-sounding thud.

“Please don’t hurt!” It cried out with a cartoonishly shrill voice.

I fell on my ass in surprise. Did that thing just speak English? I got
up carefully and took a step closer.

“I’m not gonna hurt you buddy. What’s your name?”

It glanced around, ears dragging against the cement, then it seemed to
settle.

“My name Trash. Are you friend?”

I could have sworn I smoked a cigarette. I hadn’t done psychedelics at
that point in my life. Fuck I needed a smoke. I reached into my pocket
and pulled another cigarette. I brought it to my mouth and lit it.

“Is food?” Trash pointed at my pocket.

“No, it’s called a cigarette, not food.” I took a drag.

Trash looked up at me with wide puppy eyes.

“You wanna try?” I held the cigarette out.

Trash quickly snatched it and jammed it in its mouth before I could pull
back. For a moment nothing happened. Then Trash began spinning in a
circle letting out high whoops while smoke began to billow from its
ears.

“Nasty smoke!” It spat the butt onto the gravel and stomped it flat.

I laughed despite myself.

“Yeah it is. You’re a fun little guy, Trash”

It stuck out a hand. The skin was cool and slightly damp. I shook it.

“Nice to make friends with you, Trash.”

The shot cracked across the yard. Trash dropped. A neat hole opened in
the side of its head and a thick white fluid welled out, slow and
stringy. The old man from across the street walked over with his rifle,
whistling something cheerful under his breath.

“Thanks for finding this sucker. When they get ripe you’ve only got a
couple days to harvest and cook them before they get like this.”

He bent down and inserted his thumbs into the hole. He peeled the skull
open with a loud wet crack. Inside was a quivering white mass with
creamy veins bulging out. He pinched off a chunk and held it out to me.

“A little bitter at this stage, but still good.”

I swallowed hard and shook my head.

“More for me.” He pushed the piece into his mouth, chewed with pleasure,
and started dragging the body back across the street by one ear.

Some of the things that happened at that house were the best moments of
my life. Some I wish I could forget entirely. I’m not sure I’m ready to
tell all of them. But I needed to get this one out.
