Well, what do I do now? It’s been a week and a half, I haven’t been
fired for sharing my Last post and things haven’t gotten better. If this
is your first time seeing this, you don’t need to know much, just a few
things.

1: I’ve been an active officer for the Fort Kaverette Police Department
for six years

2: I’m trying to encourage other officers to share their accounts and
experiences in the field

3: There is something wrong with this city.

That’s all you really need to know. I’m sure some of you who live here
have been wondering what happened with the accident out near Connal
Creek. That’s why I’ll start there. I’m not technically under any
agreements or oaths to not talk about this, but I’ll be vague about
details unknown to the public.

Six days ago, during an exercise at the Fort Kaverette Air Force Base,
an Airman First Class who’s name I’m not allowed to share had to make an
emergency landing. It was at noon when we got there. For some reason the
pilot didn’t land on the 26 mile straight stretch of six lane
interstate, and instead opted to land in the brush next to the road.

I was driving out there with another officer, Walls. Walls’ law
enforcement career had consisted of being extra security at college
football games, posted at the few local highschools there are and
working speed traps for the past year or so. He was more excited that
anything else.

”I don’t know why’d they call us out here, seems more like a job for the
military.“ I kept my eyes trained on the road ahead, another patrol car
was blocking off the road in front of us. Traffic was being diverted to
the farthest most lane. If anything we would just be putting up cones
out here.

The radio crackled to life. “11-78 on interstate… Airman is, uh…” I
grabbed it and spoke into it before Walls could get a word in, I could
tell he was itching for info.

”Repeat what’s the condition?“

“Don’t send medical. Possible 10-92f.”

I set the radio aside as I pulled to the side of the road. It was easy
to see the jet as the sun glinted off of it. It stuck out like a large
metal thumb in the field. Honesty, it was impressive to see that little
to no damage had occurred to it. The only times I had seen a plane up
close was at the aviation museum at the AFB, I went there on a field
trip in 4th grade. It was unseasonably hot out, I could have cooked a
steak on the wing of that jet.

I didn’t have to rush to the scene before Barrows told me and Walls what
happened.

I don’t know what I can talk about, so all I will say is that I don’t
think that a pile of ash beneath perfectly clean airman’s clothes is
normal to find during an emergency landing.

The drive back to the station was long and quiet for me and Walls. On
the way back we watched as six blacked out SUV’s pulled up to the site.
Believe me, I wish I had an explanation or that I could speak freely on
everything. Maybe, it wasn’t weird, maybe they pack extra clothes in
jets, maybe the plane was on some kind of auto pilot and landed after
the pilot ejected.

Nothing can explain the ash though. I still feel compelled to talk about
it since it’s on everybody’s mind around here. Maybe we’ll get answers
soon.

With that out of the way I can get to what I really want to talk about.
The second occurrence of my first year.

December 25th, 2020. It was a late night patrol for me, rolling around
the east end of town by myself. I had been conversing with Barrows on
the radio. It was around her third year on the force back then.

She became a security guard right out of high school and then went
straight to the force after a little bit of that. Meanwhile I was in
college, working on a degree that was useless at the time, and still is
now.

This isn’t important to the post but, If you’re thinking about going to
Fort Kaverette University, don’t. Besides the horrible dorms and subpar
benefits there’s a reason they accept 85% of applicants.

The night was cool, we rarely get snow during winter. It was about 67
degrees, My heater was cranked up to 75. in a few days it would be
Christmas, I would travel to Carlsbad to see him. Sometimes I envy the
fact he got to get away from it all and then I remember why I do this.
If I’m not trying to protect someone then someone’s out there who needs
help

I was driving on 47th street, beneath the sodium vapor lights the city
refuses to replace. The few businesses on that street were closing down
if not already abandoned. My brother actually used to work at the blood
bank there before he got his real job. I’m proud of him, I couldn’t have
the skills to be a teacher if I tried.

I had my eyes trained on two parked cars at the old theater. The only
two cars parked on that stretch of street before it became residential.
The door to the theater was wide open. It was a pit of darkness through
that gap.

”Possible break in at the theater on 47th.”

”10-9?”

“I’m seeing two vehicles parked outside of the abandoned theater on
47th, appears to be a break in.”

“Is backup needed?”

”No, but standby.” I put the cruiser into park as I pulled up next to
the red Pontiac Aztec and a Toyota Camry. The theater had been abandoned
since I was 9, the owner ran into money troubles, took out a few too
many loans and skipped town. Every time I passed it the doors were
chained shut. Now that rusty chain was uncurled on the cracked pavement.

I exited my car, patted my pocket for my taser and switched on my
flashlight. Last thing I wanted was to fight a squatter.

I could feel a warm gust of air hit me from within, as I angled my
flashlight into the room I saw two figures. Both bolting for the door, I
didn’t get any time to try and analyze what was happening before my
hands were already moving and my voice was projecting.

”Fort Kaverette Police Department get your hands up!”
Immediately, one of the figures paused and put their hands up as the
other one kept running towards me. I don’t know what was going through
their mind but they retracted one of their hands down and grabbed the
runners collar of their shirt and pulled them backwards.

“Jesus Christ man, you need to help us!” One of them shouted as they put
their hands at a half mast position. At this point I could slow my mind
and take in what I was looking at.

Two teens, one male, one female. One of them had held bolt cutters which
now laid on the carpeted lobby floor. One had a medical mask on, and a
buzz cut. The female was wearing an unfamiliar band T-shirt and jeans
shorts. I could also feel the grip of my service weapon in my hand, I
didn’t even remember unholstering it.

”What the hell are you doing in here at this time of night?”

Choked vocals was all they could muster.

”You better find the words fast, maybe once you’re in cuff you’ll find
them.”

”Urban ex.” The woman squeaked out.

I can let things fly, but the FKPD has a searing hatred for urban
exploration. Even today, most of the officers I know hate it. Idiots
commit a crime to get into a building and then one of three things
happen. They attract more people to come and vandalize the place, they
get attacked by squatters, or they hurt themselves. For no reward in my
eyes.

“Oh, breaking and entering, good, how about you too turn around for me?”
I began approaching them, my left hand free and my right fishing for my
cuffs. Once I found them I radioed in to Barrows. “Two subjects, putting
them into custody, can I get backup out here?”

”No, no man it-it-it-it’s Jamie, he’s still in there.” The kid in the
mask blurted out. From the outside, I couldn’t see any other way in, he
would have to come out from this door.

It was clear the lady didn’t want trouble as she had no resistance to me
putting her under arrest. The masked kid was a different story.

”Don’t worry, I‘ll make sure he joins you.” I grabbed him by the wrist
but he was writhing like a tentacle as I tried to get a firm grip.

“Get-Get the hell off of me! I have to find him!“ By the time the metal
trapped him, he was exhausted. The whole time he was constantly yelling,
yelling at me for being a pig, yelling at the woman for not resisting
like he was, yelling at God for all I cared. The whole time making it
worse for himself as he would rack up a charge for threatening a police
officer in his rage.

I grabbed him by the shoulder and hauled him out to the cruiser, I could
see another car approaching, headlights blinding me as I shoved him
inside.

The SUV parked on the side of the street instead of the small parking
space infront of the theater. I didn’t watch them exit the vehicle as I
brought the woman out.

”Please, you need to find Jamie, we went in here just to mess around
and“ tears were forming in her eyes. “It’s been two hours, we lost him
in theater 3 and we can’t find him.“

If what she was saying was true, god knows what could have happened to
him. I would have the other officer ask her and the masked kid whilst I
went inside and looked around. I also want to take responsibility after
taking some advice from another officer whilst writing this.

I was a dick back when I was starting out, I will admit that I often had
a strict black and white divide back then. I was the righteous fury and
until proven otherwise everyone was guilty. I have since changed after
some developments in my second year on the force.

I met Carlson at the door, despite it being midnight he had dawned a
cattleman style cowboy hat, the same white as his thinning hair.

”Hey, can you try and get some info out of her and the guy in the back?
They say there’s another kid in here and I’m gonna go look for him.” I
started to turn around, but before I forgot I added ”Make sure you run
their plates.”

”Okay hotshot.” Carlson called out with a loud exhale as I entered the
building.

The lobby was in complete disarray. The carpet was filthy, in some spots
it looked caked in mud. I couldn’t even tell if there were any patters
or if it was just all dark blue. The reflection of my light bounced off
the steel bolt cutters into my eyes, I aimed my light up instead, to the
ceiling. What used to be white drop ceiling was now green and off white,
generations upon generations of mold had grown and lived here, thank god
I had my covid mask.

The counters, which were covered in rat droppings obscured the machinery
behind them. I could tell one of the popcorn machines had been
overturned, on the wall someone had tastefully graffitied “Shitass”
above a 90’s soda fountain.

If the place was fixed up, I really think it would have been a good hang
out spot for kids, when my daughter is born, I hope she has a place like
that. Some place to go and be a kid. I’m not giving her a tablet.

From the concessions, I maneuvered my light to the ticket counter. I
thought someone had lit it on fire at some point as black scorch marks
crawled through the carpet and up the wall behind it. I then quickly
realized the black was a massive hive of mold, stretching what I would
guess is 20 feet end to end.

Behind the counter was a metal door, out of reach from the mold, I
approached it and pushed it open to resistance. The tiny crack between
door and frame showed that a massive metal shelving unit fell inside,
perfectly wedged into the wall and the door.

My best bet was to go to the theater.

The large hallway gave way to six doors, one on each side with large
black numbers written on them. The door to theater 3 was wedged open by
a soggy cardboard box. Staying in here for hours, maybe they were
hallucinating this third friend.

On my fourth week on the job I had to attend a hoarder house cleaning,
where I saw my first dead body, bloated and covered in maggots. Dead for
eight days. We found a notebook in the house where they were keeping a
journal. Forensics found brain damage that matched with what they were
writing about. Mold rotted his mind and it showed in the scrawlings
about hosting house parties and caring for his pet which didn’t exist.

”Fort Kaverette Police department, your friends are waiting outside.” I
hadn’t dealt with anything like this before, I could only guess what to
say at the time. My call into theater 3 was unheard.

Stepping into the pitch black hallway I had my flashlight at head level,
the light hitting the opposite wall to me, revealing a tight corner
leading into the real theater-

My foot hit something, sending me careening onto the floor, where I
caught myself in an awkward plank position with something large and
circular under my stomach.

A trashcan. The trashcan had tipped over. I could still smell the
popcorn butter from the rotten food. Pushing myself up I stepped over
the biohazard, realizing I should radio this in.
“We got a biohazard here, still have a 10-65, massive presence of mold.”
No response came, but I pushed on.

The light swung across dusty chairs, and fallen roof tiles. A patch of
carpet was growing mushrooms of some kind, someone had shot the screen
with a paintball gun, a rainbow of small balls of color.

I could see that the emergency exit door was propped open by a seat that
had been ripped out of place. Why the hell were they propping so many
doors open? Now that I think about it, probably to mark where they had
been to prevent back tracking when searching for that kid.

The exit door lead into a cold, disgusting yet sterile hallway leading
to the outside world. A large metal ladder was positioned leading into
the drop ceiling. Did this asshole climb into the ceiling and get stuck?
If the decay was bad out here, I could only imagine how bad it was up
there.

”Kid, come out, you aren’t in trouble,” I was lying out my ass “we’re
all real worried.” If I was crawling up there I was n’t going
barehanded. I started slipping on gloves, my flashlight to the ground,
revealing stains on the tile floor, brown splatters.

Dried blood. Following the trail it lead to a pile of dirty clothes,
unbefitting of a teen. A moth eaten trench coat, XXL wrangler jeans and
a pair of decaying vans. Looked like a homeless person did live here.
The blood looked to be weeks if not a month old. Black ants crawled
across the sticky spill of blood.

I began to climb the ladder, The metal swaying beneath my feet as my
head crested into the hole. Immediately warm, stuffy air flew through my
hair. My eyes met darkness as I clutched the top rung with both fingers,
the air coming in warm bursts into my face, smelling of rot and
unfinished basement.

I fumbled for my flashlight, pulling it upwards and flicking it back on.

What I saw resembled a large white trash bag full to the brim, with
black stringy threads hanging out of its top. The small ripples of
plastic falling over each other, blowing in the gusts of air.

I could hear a noise resembling sliding a knife across metal, which made
me realize what Iw as looking at.

The head was flowing over itself, large folds of loose skin drooping
over its empty eyes. The mouth, a large black slit across the face.
Before I could react I watched as it started wriggling towards me, flesh
beating against metal as it writhed like a worm in my direction.

Instinctively jumping back, the ladder buckled under me, folding inwards
on itself as one of the bolts fell off, sending me careening to the
ground. My head made contact first, and the small pinhole of vision I
had started spinning. The pain was so immense I felt I was going to
vomit, and that if I did vomit that I would have expelled blood and only
blood.

Between my shallow, shaky breaths I tried to focus on the hole in the
ceiling. My hands desperately feeling for my gun. I couldn’t make sense
of anything.

The ceiling was morphing into different shades of white and yellow, the
square tile hole was more of a circle, then an oval, then a square
again. Two tiny roots began to grow from the hole. My mind can only
watch and try and comprehend as the running in my ears started to dim.

Two white pencils, wet towels, large tapeworms, table legs, melted
candles, two long skinny insect-like arms.

I had it in my grip, I wasn’t going to wait for it to come down here,
for that thing to find me.

I fired into the ceiling until I couldn’t fire anymore, and once that
point came I laid motionless on the floor, the world a kaleidoscope in
my eyes.

They say It was a concussion, that I was lucky to not have a brain
bleed. They say that Officer Trin came with Carlson, and once the
gunshots sounded she rushed in to the theater. They say that security
footage from across the street shows only two people entered. They say I
never radioed in about a biohazard. They say that I was found stumbling
out the exit hallway, vomit covering my face. They say that the
utilities of the building were never shut off, that the combination of a
dangerous gas leak and a massive group of black mold caused me to
hallucinate.

They say I am lucky to be alive.

They say nobody was in the ceiling.

I am lucky to be alive, I can say that. I’m lucky I wasn’t mentally
affected. I’m not a nut job in Garland Lake, I still know right for
wrong.

I know there was someone in the ceiling, something with arms that
reached down to the tile.

And I know that if there was a gas leak, those shots would have burned
me up. They say those gunshots were the sound of the ladder giving out.
I say that a ladder falling down can’t make 17 bangs.

I might have been hit on the head six years ago, but I’m not stupid.
They tore down the theater last year. One less ghost of the past for me
to deal with.
