The OTHERS, they keep moving into MY house. For years I have seen them
come into my house and stay. Then they leave and then someone else comes
and stays.

It’s the same thing everytime . I hear the door open and HE walks in.
HIM with his expensive looking suit and a smile like he is trying to
sell you something , HE is the source. HE brings them here, HE brought
all of them here.

I peek at them from the cracks in the walls. I see him as he brings them
into my house. It’s someone different everytime. Sometimes they come
alone with him. Other times they bring their family with them. I see
them as they step into my living room. I see them entering my bedroom.

Most of them go away and I never see them again. But some return.
Everytime I hear trucks outside, I know immediately that someone NEW has
decided to stay here. I watch them bring their stuff into my house.
Arranging it how they like it. They call their

“Their HOME”. I can’t stop laughing everytime I hear that.

It funny to me. It’s funny how they think it’s their home because they
live here. But they don’t know. None of them know That I LIVE here too.
I have lived here longer than any of them. I am part of their family
too. I watch from the walls as they all sit around laughing in the
living room. I watch from ceiling as the man and women make love on MY
bed.

I watch their kids from the gaps in the floorboard. They remind of my
little girl Dorothy. Thinking of Dorothy makes me sad. She used to be a
beautiful little girl. But time has not been kind to her. Everyday day
that passes she rots and stinks even more like all my other children. I
still remember when I first got her.

It was the family that moved here 10 Years before the the ones currently
living here. Oh I remember them. Such a beautiful family. A drunk
husband who used to love her wife everyday, even when she didn’t want
it. A lovely wife who kept cutting herself and hanging from the ceiling,
but never could. And the beautiful little daughter. When I saw their
daughter I decided that I wanted one Just like her. And so one day I
just got her from the bedroom. She cried soo much when I dragged her
from her bed to floor below. But eventually she behaved like a good
little girl and embraced an eternal sleep. And so my Dorothy was born.

The new family living here also has a good little boy. I always wanted a
little brother for Dorothy.

But sadly they moved away within a month of moving in.

But I don’t have to worry because HE will bring more of them. HIM with
his expesive suit and a simple like he is trying to sell you something,
he will lure more of the OTHERS. He will tell them it’s their house and
lure them in. He lies quite well. He knows it can never be their house
as it will always be my house. He knows it because he is the one who
gave this house to me.

100 Years back it was him who swore this house to me. He called me here
by offering me the souls and flesh of soo many children . HE summoned me
and and swore this house to me and said as long as I stay in this house,
HE will bring More.

And so that’s what he does. He bring more of OTHERS in MY house.
