This is not a story, it’s a warning.

I have no name or location to give. I had been a normal person who lived
a menial but otherwise productive life. In my eyes, there was no further
merit to being a member of society than simply doing the right thing,
being a decent person, staying out of conflict. Most of you reading this
are in the overwhelming category of people who follow these unspoken
rules of society without thinking about it too much. Most of us can be
rude or have our flaws, but typically we’re not actively wanting to seek
conflict. A smaller selection of people go out of their way to adopt
these traits to the point of hardly perpetuating negativity in their
lives, and an even smaller fraction devote a lifestyle for the sake of
helping others. We naturally gravitate towards the latter types, people
who we cannot imagine living without, whose love and overwhelming
selflessness can almost feel intoxicating. We can all think of someone
like this, and how they’d never hurt a fly, much less start conflict
with anyone. Yet they become a target all the same.

As of writing, I’m the first documented survivor of the Morenda Script.

I lived in an unremarkable town where our biggest export was coal.
Hardly anyone had aspirations and those who did left as soon as they
found better opportunities elsewhere. It wasn’t a dying town, but it was
doomed to hopelessness unless our mayor welcomed new industries in the
oncoming years of rapid growth everywhere else surrounding us. I was
head of a small nonprofit that combatted unemployment, homelessness, and
addiction within our community. It was extremely exhausting work that I
questioned monthly if it was something I could do for the rest of my
life, but every so often I’d be reminded by one of our former clients
that I couldn’t see myself doing anything else with the same level of
personal conviction. No matter its direct impact on my income and mental
health, it was something I’d be constantly told by friends and family
that mattered more than I made it out to be. I let it all not get to my
head, but it did feel nice knowing my work was seen as a net positive to
our community.

This was what made me a target of the Morenda Script, a monotheistic
cult of zealots with a twisted interpretation of a single god who they
called the Entirety. According to their scripture, this was the true
form of God, a being with no indifference to good and evil in humans, as
that was what derived from Its image. This was a philosophy that openly
embraced all aspects of what makes us human, good and bad. What made it
entirely different from other religions that practiced something similar
however, was the contents of the script itself.

The concept of an ideology or philosophy that depicted opposing forces
as part of the same cycle is not unheard of, Yin and Yang serving as a
strong example. The name “Morenda Script” comes from a set of scriptures
that are said to have been written by a monk of unknown origin who
kidnapped a benevolent advisor of a high-ranking governor in the
Khwarazmian Empire, flaying him alive. It is said in the script that
this act served as a contentious reminder to the Entirety that humanity
could only ever act upon the limits of its creator, and to seek those
limits was the truest justification of our purpose in this life. I
researched this information for myself after my escape and if true, that
advisor’s death may have influenced the events that led to the infamous
execution of the Mongol caravan of 1218, which resulted in the complete
and utter annihilation of that same empire in one of the bloodiest
military campaigns in history. This would make the Morenda Script one of
the most successfully hidden organizations from human record, with
little information on just how much they influenced the events of the
world throughout their existence.

I was kidnapped in my own office by these people, having disguised
themselves as clients for nearly a year. I was taken to an abandoned
warehouse and handcuffed alongside three other strangers to a thick
wooden beam. In a final cruel act, we were told everything down to how
we would die. We all pleaded for our lives which only served to
entertain these fanatics.

They set fire to the entire house with us trapped inside. We burned
horrendously, helpless as the building collapsed around us. In what
could only be described as a miracle, part of the collapsed roof
contained trapped rainwater from the night before, which landed directly
onto me right before it gave way. It was not nearly enough to put the
fire out, but it kept me soaked and less susceptible to the fatal burns
the other three suffered. I survived long enough to feel the weakened
support beam give in to the flames and made my escape while nearly
severing my tongue from the blinding pain, forcing myself to remain
quiet in case these cultists were still watching over the building. I
don’t know if I would call it luck, but I managed to escape through a
nearby thicket without being noticed, my burns needing immediate
attention as no amount of adrenaline was able to prevent my attempts to
scream, to have any noise be pushed out of my scorched throat. I fainted
once I made it out the other side near a hiking trail.

Waking up in a hospital bed, I was told that I had been spotted and an
ambulance was called shortly before my collapse. The burns were severe
enough to permanently disfigure my body, but I survived to tell
authorities what had happened. What seemed like hours of investigation
concluded with no possible leads, as absolutely no evidence was left at
the burned house. I pleaded with them to believe me, to believe the
words of the killers who were so confident in leaving no evidence that
they’d tell us everything before we died. The more I told them however,
the less inclined they were to believe my rambling, narrowing their case
down to cartel activity that surged nearby. The worst part was that I
couldn’t fault them as the motives of this group were unclear even for
me at the time.

What I learned that night was that the Morenda Script only seeks one
type of victim; people who follow the aforementioned rules of society to
the highest degree. In other words, they single out good people to
butcher ritualistically. They don’t care about your money or
connections, only your accomplishments. The more selfless acts you’ve
done to help others, the higher up you’ll be on their list. And they
won’t just kill you.

The purpose of your death was to be sent back to the Entirety with a
life of love and hatred in balance. Those who only knew love in their
lives would consequently be tortured the most under the watchful eye of
their creator, instilling a seed of unfathomable hatred towards the
world and its god who let it all happen to balance out a lifetime of
good deeds. That was why they explained everything to us before our
slow, agonizing deaths. It was to ensure our final thoughts be that of
worldly betrayal and incomprehensible anger, to break us into believing
that abstaining from the malice that shaped our humanity was an act
punishable by the creator whose complete image we rejected.

Calling them evil is not enough. This is an organization whose members
see evil as a necessity to the human experience, that denying its
purpose would be to spit at their complete, perfect image of God. The
fanatics of this group have been brainwashed to believe their purpose
was to bring a necessary balance to the world, that to deny their lust
for bloodshed would be to deny their creator who filled their minds with
malice for a purpose, not as an obstacle to overcome. I cannot think of
a more terrifying human than one who justifies their sins with divine
right.

Still fearing for my life, I discharged myself from the hospital the
moment I felt like I could walk, making my way back home to prepare
myself for searching everything that was related to the Morenda Script.
There was no doubt those fanatics would have some semblance of knowing I
was still alive before the cindered house became taped off by police,
and even returning to my home was a risky decision. Even so, I wanted to
know the truth before my life ended. I wanted to share that truth with
the world, now that I’ve lost everything.

It took all that remained in my spirit to withstand the pain of
navigating the web with my charred hands, each key pressed sending a
surge of agony down my spine. Over the course of several days however, I
finally reached a source of discussion that hadn’t been fully censored
by this group, as well as the identities of the most recent victims of
their attack. Trapped in the fire alongside me was an elderly community
volunteer, a valedictorian studying medicine, and a former officer who
risked his safety to become a whistleblower. Below them was my name,
face, and occupation, with bold letters underneath it all saying “NO
BODY FOUND”.

I collapsed to the floor as I realized how limited my time on this Earth
was. They already knew, and in prior messages shared between cultists, I
saw mention of their perfect record. It was truly an act of divine
intervention that I was saved by such an improbable chance, but fury
swelled across my face as I was reminded that these monsters were also
fueled by their own faith that my unlikely survival now put to the test.

I don’t know who funds them, and how far their outreach goes. I have no
idea if their perfect efficiency holds true, and if they’ve survived for
centuries like my research showed. Regardless, their exposure is my
newfound purpose in the last moments of my life; to send this warning
and plead others to watch themselves, because the Morenda Script is out
there constantly watching, punishing those with the most guiltless
hearts in the name of their wicked depiction of God. I want the world to
burn them all, to have them beg for their lives like we did.

I will use the last guaranteed moments of my life to finish this letter.
I ask all of you to continue striving to do good. The contents of the
script itself gives instruction to seek balance between good and evil as
the ultimate depiction of our creator, but its fanatics are not excused
of what they do. These are overzealous, sadistic fanatics who justify
the pleasure they receive in their mutilations and torture as signs of
worship when in reality, they’re taking a gamble in their faith like the
rest of us, one that revolves around the anguish of humanity’s most
compassionate souls. That is a gamble I sincerely wish they face the
consequences of when it’s time for them to meet their creator.

As I sit here, collapsed on the floor in continuous torment, I’m
beginning to make peace with my departure from this life, be it by my
own hand or when they inevitably find me. If their interpretation of our
creator somehow turns out to be true, I’ll have done exactly what these
fanatics wanted, for I can’t imagine a greater feeling in my soul than
the unbridled hatred of a being who let a group like this exist for
centuries. The thought of it all has me tearing through the grafted skin
in my arms in madness, as I could not consciously live with an
omnipotent being that allowed all this.
