Aspects of the Marrow house range from obscene to sickening, depending
entirely upon which angle of the lawn you view it from. Some sides of
the house may incur only a vague sense of nausea, others may incite a
rage so great it drives one into a frenzy. Of the builder, I know
painfully little. But of his wretched depiction of Babel, I know more
than I wish to. What I know for certain is that weight and gravity do
not seem to weigh upon the house or its acre of profane forest in the
desert. By every law known to physics the house should collapse. While
the outer shell of the structure is strange enough, it is the inside
that you need to know about if you wish to survive the coming days. For
your sake, and indeed the sake of humanity, I need to explain the
incident in as vivid detail as I can recall.

The incident I speak of, I’m afraid, was of my own doing. Curiosity has
always been my most fallible weakness, and the prospect of entering a
structure so bizarre was too enticing to ignore. I fear that the
consequences of this action have flown far further than I’d anticipated.
Jail time or a fine would have been dreamy, but I fear that instead. I
have left a bleeding wound on the face of reality itself. This all
sounds very woo-woo, and you may think me somewhat insane. But allow me
to explain myself, and perhaps explain away the patchwork creations that
may or may not be appearing in the corners of your household.

My name is Phil, but I go by ‘Pill’ in my local urbex community. For
those unaware, it stands for urban exploration, and the whole gist is
exploring abandoned properties/buildings for fun. Living in the dusty
hellhole of Casa Grande Arizona, there is criminally little else to do.
In a state with trees and rivers, I might have turned out a proper,
upright citizen of the states. I would have picked up fishing, and
hiking, smiling, whatever you forest-farers luxuriate in all day.
Instead, burdened by the endless desert and oppressive heat, I’ve been a
bit of a shit since youth. Though I’ve stayed out of prison through
nothing short of divine intervention, I was in juvie at fifteen
following a break-in I’d been a part of. Mind you, I thought the
building was abandoned. It was this old dilapidated shitshack out on the
reservation, and I’d wanted to explore it. 
Wow, I remember thinking after entering an open window, this place is
unlooted and untagged! While most of the urbex community lives and
breathes by the rule not to loot abandoned buildings, I was a broke
teenager desperately in need of weed money. Seeing the detritus of a
hoarder in the house, I’d thought it a pirates hoard ready to be looted.
The man who found me unplugging his TV did not understand the unique
circumstances, and held me at gunpoint until the cops arrived. 

Urban exploration has brought me the highest highs, and the lowest lows.
Exploring the broken and forgotten places of the world is a subject of
intense fascination to me. Old mines, abandoned hospitals, airfield
boneyards, these places are as good as the garden of Eden to me. In
those moments, I feel like a kid again. Exploring the unknown, alight
with wonder and curiosity. Finding old paperwork in filing cabinets
betrayed by time, finding objects of mysterious nature beneath dust
heaps and refuse. I am a thief, but only of the curious sort. Have you
ever taken a pretty rock from a national park? Ever plucked a pretty
flower from a public park and given it to your significant other? To me,
taking from abandoned buildings is the same. I take what I think can
harmlessly be taken. You’ll never catch me scrapping water boilers and
rummaging for antiques, but you will catch me taking belt loops, ornate
tiles, small objects of trivial consequence. 

What I would do now to go back in time and beat this hobby out of my
younger self, to save the world so much trouble. Let me formally
introduce you to the Marrow residence. It exists deep in the
reservation, nestled at the far end of a dusty dirt hillside beside an
abandoned gold mine. At least, that was where it existed yesterday. 

It was Wednesday, and I’d just finished exploring an abandoned gold mine
a buddy of mine had sent me the GPS pin to. Four hours alone in the womb
of the Earth, and I’d finally resurfaced. I was in a cheery mood, seeing
that there were no invisible alarms or police presence at the site. I
took in the surroundings, admiring the clouds in the distance. I
remember staring at the tips of trees poking out over the hillside, and
wrestling with my memory for any inclination that they’d been there when
I’d arrived. 

From what little I could see of them, they were big, healthy oaks, the
wobbling bulbs of leaves waving to me from behind a craggy hill. Seeing
that the only other trees for a hundred miles were the wiry, sad sort
only a desert can nurture, this was shocking. They looked like healthy,
proper trees with good soil and a water source. Noting the expanse of
roiling desert hills and cacti for miles around me, my curiosity was
infallible. 

I crested the hill, and found an oasis tucked into the recesses of a
small canyon. I stared at it for a long time, confused by what my eyes
were trying to convey to me. At the bottom of this lifeless desert
gorge, was a single square acre of lush forest. It looked torn out of
another state and injected into the landscape, with perfect green grass
spotted with wildflowers and overlapping root networks from the trees.
The sound of rustling leaves caught the wind, a sensual whisper in my
ears. This was strange, but not ecologically impossible. Somehow, the
soil here had prospered. Somehow, these plants were getting a
sustainable amount of water. 

There must be an aquifer beneath, I’d reasoned. I’d gone caving in every
freeclimb cave, legal and illegal, in a two-hundred mile radius of my
apartment. The prospect of an undiscovered water cave had me wet at the
chops. But the acre wasn’t just a verdant patch of heaven. In the center
stood a house, hidden and warped in the property’s net of branches. From
what little was visible, It seemed profoundly wrong. A reliable source
of architectural advice I am not, but I didn’t think that houses were
supposed to be so… erratic. It was two stories, slanted at a strange
angle as if partially sunk into the ground. Windows were not square and
latched, but tarped-off in strange streaks, as if the claws of a great
beast had raked the timber and windows had been constructed in the
gaps. 

The longer I looked at it, the more curious I became. Bile stung the
back of my throat as I pondered why the roof dropped down around the
side like a waterfall of shingles, crawling like a vein across the soil
beside the house. My mind raced for explanations on why an entire room
on the second story was unsupported from underneath. Or why at the crest
of the house, there was an enormous church bell. It looked like a failed
experiment, the ambitious manor of some eccentric architect who’d gone
bankrupt halfway through his masterpiece. But to me, it looked wholly
abandoned. Ivy had claimed all aspects of the house, and the tarps on
the windows were loose and sun-bleached. 

Obviously, I went to explore it. If you say you wouldn’t, I would think
you’re lying. Presented with something so unique, so totally unknown, It
was impossible to resist. I’d come for the cheap thrill of breaking into
an abandoned gold mine, and had struck a different kind of gold. You
see, it’s a very prestigious thing to ‘know a spot’ that nobody else
knows about in the urbex world. It’s a show of expertise, a subtle flex
of one’s capabilities as a scout that earns you the respect of your
peers. I’d been shown new places by my buddies time and time again, and
I wanted to return the favor by bringing them something that stood out.

So I descended the slope. It was about 3 in the afternoon by now, and
the sun beat down brightly between thickets of clouds. Every few
seconds, one would pass beneath the sun and cast a great shadow on me as
I climbed carefully down the rocky hillside. By the time I reached the
grass down in the valley, the house became more and more visually
unappealing. As I stared, I swallowed vomit and held back an involuntary
groan of sorrow. The closest thing I can compare the sensation to is
waking on a day of a highly anticipated vacation, and feeling suddenly
mortified by the prospect of traveling. It was a sudden, overwhelming
sense of trepidation tinged with something like sorrow. 

The house was not just ugly, but upsettingly hideous. It made me angry.
Flashing, directionless rage that crept into my skull and ached my mind.
Each heartbeat pulsed pain in my skull, the sound like a wardrum in my
ears. But I knew that if I didn’t explore this place now, I would be
back by nightfall. I wouldn’t rest until the mystery of this place was
settled, until the house was explored and every chance of a cave
entrance was exhausted.

If you feel an otherworldly sensation overcome every aspect of you
being, usually it’s a fine idea to listen to it. Especially when the
sensation comes as a warning. As I waded into the tall grass, I found a
mailbox with embossed letters on the side spelling ‘Marrow’ in peeling
stick-ons. As a distraction from the headache and the sudden unfounded
hatred for all things architectural, I checked the mailbox. It was
packed to the rim with mail, several envelopes spilling out like a
stationary avalanche. Many were bills, labeled with red bands
proclaiming ‘IMPORTANT’ and ‘FORECLOSED’. So the poor bastard had gone
bankrupt building the creepy house after all. 

Most strange among the mailbox’s contents was the greeting cards. There
were dozens of them, all addressed to ‘H. MARROW’. Of the sender, there
was only an identical oily-black smear on each card, like a strange
printing-press error. One was from Portland, another from Brazil. There
was one from a city I had never seen before, a strange place of black
rock and hovels that shot into the sky like spears. 

Everyone in the photo was barely discernible, but I swore that their
arms were too long for their bodies. Their faces were blurred, I assumed
for privacy. In the center of the city was an enormous clocktower, a
thing of intricate beauty. The picture was black and white, and a very
strange cracking pattern covered the sky. ‘Greetings from Loscephalis’,
read the card. I figured it must be some gag gift, an obscure movie
reference I didn’t get. Later research proved that Loscephalis is not
from any piece of media, and reverse image searches turned up no
results.

In total, there were twenty six greeting cards. The Loscephalis card was
the only abnormal one, the rest very real greeting cards from very real
cities, though each of the pictures did seem strangely out of focus. All
of the dates were smeared over with the same inky blot as the
signatures. This was strange, but I chocked it up to the owner falling
victim to some strange practical joke. What bothered me more was
considering how the mail route here would be vivaciously inconvenient
for a mailman. Scaling down dusty gulches was not part of their job
requirements, and there were no ways to maneuver a vehicle onto it that
I could see. 

But here was the mail anyway. I’d almost forgotten my anger at the house
when I heard the thing settle in the distance. Its timbers groaned in
broken agony, like the wet cracks of bone you hear when elderly people
stand up. I remember screaming at it to shut up, the words frothing out
from nowhere. Why the hell would I tell a house to shut up? I certainly
hadn’t meant to. A wise person with more wits than I would have turned
back by now. I could blame the whippets in high school, maybe the glue I
huffed in kindergarten, but I’d been lacking in the intellect department
for a long time.

So I carried on. Even though the house settled too frequently, like
every gust of wind was causing it extreme pain and its only respite was
its subterranean moans. Biting back my next verbal outbreak at it for
its insolence, I began pushing my way through the tall grass towards the
house. All of the trees on the property had looked healthy from the
hilltop, but each and every one had a rotten hollow within, large enough
for a man to squeeze into. What bothered me about this was that the
gaping hollows all faced towards the house. It was like something had
crawled out of each of these trees, freed from their timber prisons and
beginning a pilgrimage into the house. From where I stood among the
trees, I knew this symmetry was wholly unnatural. 

This only served to pique my curiosity even more, an emotion that was
warring with the flashes of hot rage and boiling sickness when I
perceived the house in its entirety. As a wayward wind picked up, the
church bell trundled softly in its mountings, not quite chiming but
rumbling melodically. The trees stopped swishing in the wind, and began
whispering instead. Fast, gossiping murmurs passed between them as their
ire bore down on me, accusatory hollows now facing my back. I got the
notion that there were eyes I could not meet in those hollows, and I
dared not turn to meet them.

Root systems became unnaturally thick the farther I descended into the
plot, to the point where knots of roots began to grow upward like flower
stems. They crept up at a crooked angle, each and every one magnetized
to the house like a compass needle. They formed a thick wall, as tall as
a man apiece. Why was this house so paradoxically strange? How could
such a place exist? That knowledge would prove nearly too much to bear. 

Squeezing between the thicket of roots, I stumbled into a clear opening.
With no roots, no leaves and detritus, I got my first unbidden look at
the house. I’d sworn that the room that hung thirty feet off the
building had been on the right side, but it was now defiantly hanging
off of the left side of the crooked building. The church bell grumbled
in dissent, the trees chattered in primeval tongues. With a start, I
realized the roots behind me sported carved visages of agonized men,
thousands upon thousands of wailing ents in the gloom of the whispering
canopy. So, old Marrow had been a hell of a woodcarver. A psychotic one
at that, but it fit the bill for someone who would build… this.

Archer towers sprouted from random sections of rooftop, genuine
battlements of timber with bow slits and strange roofs slanted like
spearheads. I counted eight tumorous chimneys, bulbous and uneven like
they’d caught an obscene sickness. The windows, previously great slashes
through the stories, were arranged in bewildering triangle formations
like fractals, the tarps having moved to support the new formation. In
no world was this the same house I’d spotted from the hillside, even
from the mailbox. Had the building always been so tall? Had it always
had four stories, uneven and crooked like a loose pocket cigarette?

Everything was spinning, blinding whorls of hatred the likes of which
I’d never experienced slamming into me from every angle. If a man had
shot my entire family and killed my dog to boot, I think at that moment
I’d still hate the house more. It was blind, irrational hatred. Most
hatred tends to be, but this anger felt like an external force pressing
against my psyche.
In an attempt to find a suitable entrance, I tried to do a quick circle
around the house. The house was far more stout than anticipated, and the
more I tried to walk around the house the more I realized how
ineffectual my sense of dimensions were. Buildings generally have four
walls and a roof, but the Marrow house had upwards of a hundred of each.
Where I assumed a wall would end, where I could earn access to a
cardinal direction of the house, two more walls would sprout before me,
defiantly appearing out of thin air. Fixtures became increasingly
obscene, with gargoyles perched on various objects far too light to
support their weight.

One gargoyle was an operational fountain, spouting out water from its
perch on the side of a tumorous chimney. There was no marble base, no
support for the crawling stone creature to plausibly be uprighted by. I
don’t know how long my single lap of the house took, but it was well
over ten minutes. The color of the house was another matter of great
upset for me, patchworks of colors reminiscent of a quilt. Each color
was muted, appearing sun-bleached for hundreds of years. The faintest
robin’s egg blue would shift into an ugly intestine-brown, shifting
further into the hue of a red carpet made in ancient Egypt. A portion of
the house warped like a helix, creating an uneven wall that caved inward
at its base and bulged outward towards the top. All around me, the
grisled faces carved in the vertical roots stared on as if jealous of my
ability to enter the house where they could only watch.

When I completed my lap of the building, there was a door. It hadn’t
been there before, but it now stood defiantly on a porch of solid
concrete. The door betrayed no hints of its age, masked in fresh maroon
paint, wholly unburdened by the sun. An intricate brass doorknob that
had oxidized to the point of being almost entirely turquoise-colored,
contradicted the notion that this door was in any way new. There was a
large, lacey knocker depicting a deer head. Its eyes were impenetrable
spheres of dark onyx set in brass fixtures, its mouth open just enough
to show strange, whale-like teeth.

Against all wisdom, I grabbed the door handle. As I stepped inside the
Marrow house, my anger washed away. Sloughed off at the threshold, like
I’d shed a coat and hung it up on the rack. I remember feeling relieved,
like I’d taken some overwhelming drug that had finally worn off. The
inside was every bit as eccentric as the outside, the open atrium
sporting a spiral metal staircase up fifty feet. There were no visible
floors above the first, only the domineering ceiling so far above. Of
the rooms that hung without gravity on the side of the house, I could
faintly see lushly decorated rooms with no way to access them from the
entrance.

The main room, at eye-level, was bare and unimaginative. Furniture
existed, but it was all pushed away from the central piece of the room.
A massive grandfather clock ticked away, bracketed to the floor with
enormous bolts and mountings as if to keep it from flying away. I’d seen
industrial factory equipment held down by less. Several iron beams shot
out of the walls to hold it steady from the sides, pristinely polished
and free of rust. Large stacks of paper cluttered the legions of desks
lining the outside of the room, yellowy and frayed. It was less paper
and more papyrus scroll, imperfections and holes in every sheet. 
Throughout all my years of urban exploration, I’d never seen anything
like this building. Buildings were not free, certainly not cheap. So who
had farted around with thousands of pounds of timber and plaster to
create this useless monolith in the desert? Who had wasted so much money
on building this abomination? Maybe it was an abandoned movie set, the
strange setting of some flopped horror movie. 

The house settled. As I looked up, I found a ceiling over my head. 
Unadorned plaster, accompanied by eight concentric ceiling fans that
were fully in motion. The spinning blades of the fans, each taken from a
different place and time, were so close to one another that they
appeared almost to collide. This was the last straw, the rational part
of me caved to the unknown. All of my human attempts at reasoning the
place away were filmy and frail. This was something completely out of my
bounds of understanding, and that should have been far more terrifying
than it was. But urbex is all about venturing into the unknown, finding
the most obscure corners of the Earth and staking your claim. This
twilight-zone ass house was the definition of obscene. An abandoned
building that defied the laws of reality, in my mind, was the single
coolest thing I could imagine. I could claim the place as my own by
proving I’d been the first to tag it. 

Stupid? Yes. Of course it is. But I was presented with the supernatural
for the first time in my life, and it was my way of conquering the fear.
I took out the purple and black spray paint from my pack, and spritzed a
hasty tag on the wall. ‘PILL’ in bold purple block letters, outlined by
spiky black offshoots. It was halfway through the first ‘L’ that I
realized the drips of paint were crawling up the wall towards the
ceiling. After a moment, the paint began to scab up like a human flesh
wound. Some part of my brain finally clicked into place that there was
great danger in the unknown, and I was meddling with forces far from my
comprehension.

I left the paint, and scrambled for the door. Tearing it open, I found a
new room. A bathroom from an indoor pool, all tile and porcelain.
Braziers on the wall cast eerie firelight across the room, the clashing
time periods giving me whiplash. I slowly swung it shut, opened it
again. Maybe the house was feeling generous. It was not. There were no
other doors, only gaping doorways that led deeper into unknown chambers.
The windows were hidden above the ceiling, now. New fixtures filled the
room, including new walls free of my paint and a spiral staircase of
masterfully chiseled marble descending from the roof. It was supported
by a cage of brass fanning out in extraordinary depictions of flowers.
Each step appeared to be carved to mimic dozens of rows of human teeth. 

Each time I clasped my hands over my eyes in fear and bewilderment, the
room would become new. The only constant besides myself was the
grandfather clock and its brutish mountings, the soft metronome of the
second hand ticking away. I noticed for the first time that it was not a
traditional clock with twelve hours, but a full twenty four. Each hour
was its own triangle, a twenty-fourth of the clock face divided into
triangles for each number. The triangles, all set with an ornate number,
sported masterful paintings. The first hour was a radiant flower field,
with a resting fawn and happy bumble bees. How a painting could be so
detailed in such a small area was beyond me. It was masterwork beyond my
wildest comprehension, so realistic yet so stylized in oil paint. Each
triangle of the circular clock became more erratic as the hours became
higher, each painting growing fuzzier and more vibrant in color. 

Colors began soft in the first eight hours, depictions of calm waters
and verdant fields. These all felt peaceful, felt as if all was right in
the worlds they depicted. Nine through eighteen were deserts, broken
plains and deserted towns with increasingly destitute inhabitants. These
inhabitants, I realized, had blurred faces and various imperfections in
proportion. Without faces, I didn’t know how I could tell they were
crying. Nineteen to twenty three were perfect pictures of suffering on
Earth. Death, war, pestilence. Each triangle was almost entirely brown,
gray and black, muted colors opposed by the presence of bright red
stains of blood and fire.

The twenty-forth was a masterpiece. Its title came unbidden to my mind,
as clearly as if it had been labeled. Annihilation. The total desolation
of Earth in the cruelest, slowest ways imaginable. The angels of heaven
carved into the flesh of man with such ferocity, such deranged
determination that the demons in the margins wept. It was only a two
foot-long triangle of a painting, and yet its many aspects seemed to
stretch for miles. The longer I stared, the wider the painting seemed to
grow. More suffering, more wretched angels breaking the sky with their
rapid fall from heaven. The city depicted was black obsidian, spire-like
structures broken by the sheer force of divine impact. The painting, I
realized, was of the strange city from the card, Loscephalis, in ruin.

A new sound came from above, different from the house’s groans. Tap,
creak, tap creak, tap creak. Footsteps. In my slack-jawed stupor at the
painting, the room had changed yet again, It was now a forest of spiral
staircases, a scattering of ceramic vases between each one. I covered my
eyes, trying to change the room for the better, but this time it offered
me no succor. No matter where I stepped, I would come dangerously close
to knocking over a vase. Dangerously close to making a sound. There were
hundreds of the things, ranging from tiny pots to four-foot centerpieces
of masterful artistry.

The footsteps were just above me now, just above the brand new all-brick
ceiling barely above the top of my head.
It was like the house was trying to rat me out. As silently as I could
manage, I took the lid from one of the largest vases next to me and
carefully used the bars of the staircases on either side of me to vault
into it, sealing myself in with the lid. None too soon, as the footsteps
soon pounded on the metal grates of one of the staircases. I dared not
peek yet. The weight on the stairs sounded human, best I could picture.
Was there a man living in this magical carnival house? How ironic it
would be, if my punishment for impeding on the eldritch was merely a few
years in jail. It sounded dreamy compared to the countless alternatives.

The person’s gait was slow and methodical, a click of something hard on
metal announcing each step. A cane. 
“Vases… Vases…” The voice of a man. A very old man, from the sounds of
it. He had the low, croaky tenor of a man on the brink of death.

“Must you torment me so?” He croaked to himself. What must have been his
cane cracked into a vase, shattering it into a thousand priceless
shards. I heard the man grumble as he stepped through the ruin,
shattering vases as he went. Each one sounded closer. Oscillating
between holding my breath for silence’s sake and hyperventilating, I
prayed that my sarcophagus wouldn’t come crashing down around me.

Thankfully, it did not. I heard the man’s ruinous path continue away
from me, towards the clock. Daring a peek, I lifted up the vase’s crown
with my head and peeked out like a frog surveying a pond. He was every
bit as ancient as I’d expected. More so. I had never seen a man so
singularly old in my life, so brittle and tiny. He was extremely short,
his back bent forward at a shrimpish angle. Crooked shoulders bent too
far forward in their sockets, barely attached to the spine so defined it
looked like the spiky dorsal fin of a fish. His liver-spot dappled scalp
was accompanied by only the most sympathetic of white hairs. 

He carried with him a briefcase, and unfortunately was not wearing a
single bit of clothing. His feet bled from stepping on ceramic shards,
but he paid them no heed. I watched him perch the briefcase on a vase,
opening it to reveal a line of glittering oddities. Each looked more
fine and obscure than the last, winding pipes with key-like teeth,
whorling spirals of metal that shone with the opalescent cast of oil in
water. A small withered human head carved from oak, so realistic that I
jumped at its advent. Grabbing the too-stiff head, he wove it around
before the face of the clock while chanting quietly to himself. By now,
I was far too mesmerized to turn away.

The house settled angrily. Its creaking grew to epic proportions as the
walls racked and bucked, pulling inward and pushing outward as if great
winds moved it to the brink of collapse. With a booming trill, the bells
laughed from miles above the building. But the head had some profound
effect on the clock, as the timbers of its seams relaxed like muscles. A
panel of the fine mahogany dropped open, though no indicators a door had
been there before were visible. Inside was pandemonium, a nest of metal
tubes, small clockwork mechanisms of gears and pistons, modern devices
like small LED displays and technology I couldn’t quite comprehend. It
was as if the clock was made of every century of development, those long
past and those not yet to be. 

I watched the mechanisms work in perfect clockwork, everything so
perfectly set that despite the mechanical guts being packed without room
to spare, not a single piece collided with another. Beauty had so many
forms, but I had never comprehended it on this scale before. The inside
of that clock was suddenly like staring at heaven laid bare, and I
nearly vaulted out of my vase in an attempt to leap into the man-sized
hole housing its innards. To become one with the workings, to have my
very own perfect place in its holy order, was suddenly all I could ever
ask for.

The man took a small ivory carving of a hippo and handed it to two tiny
animatronic arms dangling from the top of the clock’s gaping wound.
Those tiny little arms swayed about, moving out of the way of
backracking pistons with millisecond-perfect timing. As the claw-like
arm seized the hippo, a portion of pipes pirouetted away to the back of
the confines, opening a view to a modern-day alarm clock with a tiny
stone sundial grown into its top.
The mummy of a man retrieved a strange copper pipe, clicking a button at
its base. A tiny diorama of the planets began to spin around its tip,
which glowed with the ferocity of a miniature sun.

Casting the rod over the sundial, the digital display’s face rapidly
rewound to zero, and a series of pistons and gears at the bottom of the
box racked up and over, facilitating the view of a chrome growth of
glowing technology that I could not possibly parse the function of.
Thick, chord-like spirals grew into the walls of the box like nerves. To
these, the man offered the oily key, then produced a small flute and
piped a series of twenty-four notes, each slightly less skilled in
performance than the last. In satisfaction, the chrome box ceased
glowing, and the perfect clockwork danced elegantly aside to reveal a
waterwheel being turned by a floating current of blood. 

There were too many questions, too many answers I wasn’t sure I wanted.
While I did not kill Harold Marrow myself, I gravely misjudged my timing
to speak. I shouted to him from my ceramic confines, too overwhelmed to
remain in isolation any longer. 

“Um… Hello?” I shouted over the din of the house. He startled, dropping
the oily key as he retracted it from the nerves. With a whip of movement
too fast for this age, he turned to face me. His mouth hung dumbly open,
bottom jaw flickering with fear. He took a single step back in terror at
the sight of me, and that was all the clock needed.

The clockwork leapt out. Each piece of the machine sprung, fanning out
like a casting net at an unsuspecting minnow. Before the man could turn
back to his task, it devoured him. Networks of impossibly fine,
impossibly sharp wires seized the back of his skull, puncturing skin and
muscle and coursing beneath like worms to seize the skull in an inward
cocoon. There was no blood, for the clock did not waste a drop. A dry
pallor overtook the man’s face, his eyeballs shriveling in their sockets
to withered prunes, dangling by their cords set in the black caves of
his eyesockets. His lips became cracked paper, his skin going loose from
the flesh beneath like a piece of ham draped over a skull. 

I was too horrified to scream. I just watched, spluttering like a baby
who’d just done something very, very bad. The alarm clock shot forth
small probes, joining with the bones of his shoulders with a series of
cracks. His skin sagged from his bones as wet muscle began to grow on
the inside of the clock, inversing the guts of man and clock. As pieces
of machinery shattered and overtook bone, as wires wound tightly to form
artificial muscles, the clock grew organic. Somehow, Harold Marrow was
still alive. He groaned as his arms jerked involuntarily, too stiff at
the joints at first but learning to move by the second. His fingers,
which were now pierced with little brass blades beneath the nail, carved
open his own stomach.

Organs supported by clockwork spider legs swarmed out of the open
cavity, out onto his outstretched arms and into the waiting chasm of the
clock. I hope, for his sake, that he was already dead before this. The
organs settled themselves into various aspects of the muscular box,
assisted by spider legs and pincers and living wires of brass. As the
windpipe was affixed, the clock began to breathe, the timbers of its
exterior shuddering in delight. In the center of it all was the man’s
heart, beating slowly, uncertainly, but beating nonetheless. Quick
mechanical pincers freed themselves from the clockkeeper’s open stomach,
using bits of discarded bone as support struts for walls and ceilings of
fatty tissue slabs. The effect was that of a house diorama, each organ
secluded in its own doll-house room of sopping wet flesh.

While the clock grew sated from the man’s lifeblood, the perfect
machinery needed new confines. I watched as the skinsuit grew taut once
more, gaping in gruesome stupefaction at the clock keeper. He was being
refilled bit by bit, the perfect machinery finding new purpose in limbs,
in the hollowed-out chest cavity, in the skull that to my knowledge,
still held its brain. Pistons oscillated the length of his arms and
legs, refilling each appendage with more and more latticework until he
was nearly twice his original height. His skin cracked and showed brass
workings beneath, and I was made sick by how beautiful I found the gears
and pistons, levers and bolts.The clockwork man took a jerking step
forward, a wet, freshborn animal taking its first wobble out of the
womb. 

The tiny mechanical arms from the top of the machine broke through the
front of his skull, breaking through his eye sockets with a dry crack.
Those tiny arms beckoned me forth, a mother holding out her arms for the
nurse to deposit her newborn child into. It crashed into vases with each
erratic step, trying to voice sounds with powerful gusts of air from
somewhere deep in his chest. Each came out as a shrill whistle that
fluttered the lips, sending the sand-dry tongue flapping like a flag of
surrender. It was trying to speak, but it knew not how to spend the air.

I closed my eyes to blink away tears, and the room became new. The vases
were gone, as were the staircases. There was only a ring of furniture,
as it had been when I’d entered. There was shaggy, office carpet,
low-light incandescents. The clock dominated the room, still confined by
its brackets. It vibrated and trembled, as if trying to break free from
them. Numbly, I watched as the hour clock rapidly approached 24. In the
tiny sliver of painting set behind the hands, I saw the old man. He was
the centerpiece, his hands pulling apart either end of his gaping chest
cavity to reveal only clockwork. 

The automaton hacked and whistled, clacking its jaw repeatedly as it
tried to forage for syllables in the effort. Wires of copper wrapped in
muscle fiber bound the once-man to the clock’s insides, without much
slack to allow movement a few feet past the clock. It seemed that it
could not reach me, a relief of proportion that you cannot possibly
fathom. In the new room, I sought an escape. The red door sat where it
should have, and to my shock, was wide open. The sight of trees and
sunshine made me hack up a sob of longing. 

As I stared at the hand marking the seconds, overlapping with the minute
halfway to the 24th hour, I understood. It was not a clock that
repeated. It was a timer, and I could only imagine that the old man had
spent his many days winding the clock back. I watched the guardian of
the clock, his duty forcefully having changed hands. Where once he had
guarded the clock, preventing it from completing its cycle, he now
guarded it bitterly to ensure it did. I couldn’t possibly fathom what
brand of armageddon a monstrosity like this could herald.
I didn’t want to find out, but nor could I approach the clock in the
vaguest attempt to unwind it. From the few steps I’d seen the old man
take, I knew that I had all but killed the keeper of great libraries of
priceless information. 

“Gowwwwwwwh” The man managed almost a coherent sound, teeth clacking
frustratedly as it tried to replicate it. “Go. G-O. Goooooooo.” The
mechanical baby arms that pierced his eye sockets pointed to the forest.
I didn’t want to listen, but I felt I had no other option. With mere
minutes before the clock reached the twenty-forth hour, I fled. I fled
for my life, past the ranks of wooden men now wearing masks of rage,
past the mailbox with thousands of greeting cards now flowing out like
in an infinite cascade.

I ran to my car, and ripped off back onto the freeway. Driving felt
alien, after what I’d just seen. Just living felt wrong. I am a coward.
The best kind of coward is a man who is afraid, but struggles through
the crippling fear and into failure. The worst kind of coward, a man
like me, lets the shackles of fear bind and keep. I did not even try to
wind back the clock, even though I knew a great calamity would come if I
did not. There is no doubt in my mind that what I saw was real. I don’t
expect you to believe me until the clockwork begins to appear in your
home, in the forests, in the streets. 

Ever since the clock struck the twenty-fourth hour, things have been
appearing in the shadows of my home. Small pieces of clockwork machinery
at first, gears, wire, brackets, and the like. This was unsettling
enough, as each item was rather large and unseemly in my apartment, but
I’d eagerly take the loose pieces over the alternative. Currently, there
are five anomalies trapped in various places in my apartment. They are
the Clock’s attempt at making life. One, which I have secluded to the
bathtub, is a dead crab with animatronic claws and a multitude of
oscillating pistons that simulate a scuttling motion. It was doggedly
determined to swipe at me, and no amount of stomping seemed to harm the
thing.
There is a perfect balance between man and machine, and I fear that the
clock will not stop until it finds it. It plays god. Maybe it is a god,
I honestly don’t know. I just finished reinforcing the cupboard with
several boards, which is now the prison of a severed deer head that
slinks around on segmented clockwork tubes, like how an octopus would
crawl on land. It whispered my name as I sealed it away, despite having
no lungs with which to speak. It is learning. It is perfecting.

After the first two creations, I drove back to the Marrow house. It felt
much like trying to stop a gunshot wound with a bandaid, but It was the
very least I could do. Of the house, there is only one sign of it ever
having been there. The trees, the wretched home itself, are nowhere to
be seen. Only the mailbox remains, and a torrential heap of greeting
cards. They all proudly announce ‘Greetings From Loscephalis’.

When I returned home, I dealt with more minor clockwork abominations. As
I finish this document, finish cataloguing my misdeeds for all to see
and judge, I hear an abomination far, far worse. Heavy footsteps at
first, then scratching. It’s moved to kicking. It’s inside. It speaks
with my voice. I’m so, so sorry.

Fear not, brothers and sisters of the Obsidian City! I believe that our
stay in Loscephalis won’t be half as bad as we think. See the obsidian
spires, and take heart. See the Clock in all its indomitable glory, and
see divinity unveiled. Under the bleeding skies and broken stars, we
will all be made one. As the herald of Loscephalis, I formally invite
you all to the Marrow house. We will throw a party to celebrate the
unification of an imperfect planet, and be made one in the hearts of the
broken stars. The clockwork feels far, far more freeing than flesh. The
pleasures of skin are made dull by comparison to the ecstasy of perfect
tandem. You will feel your pistons fire, feel your perfectly-oiled gears
turn without chafe, and wonder why you ever bothered with skin and bone.
Crawl from your shells, accept our gracious host, and seek the City. You
will be free. We will be free. Together.
