It’s been two days since I moved to the small town of MillCreek with my
mother and two sisters, Reada and Jane.

Originally, I was born in Toronto and lived there my whole life up until
now. My father passed away six months ago, and without him, my mother
couldn’t afford the cost of living in the city anymore.

There were only five houses on our street, and the nearest general store
was one hour away by car.

“Dean, get in here and help your sisters unpack the kitchen.”

“Yes, Mom,” I replied.

So I powered down my laptop and walked over to the kitchen. As I walked
in, Reada was unpacking all the dry goods we had, and Jane was working
on putting away all of our dishes.

I looked at my mom and asked what she wanted me to work on, and she
pointed at a box and said,

“This goes in the basement, please.”

I had yet to go down there, and all I knew was that the only way in was
a door out back. I heard it was made for emergencies like tornadoes and
shit.

I bent down, picked up the box, and started walking to the basement.

I put the box down, unlocked the door, and opened it. I stood at the
doorway for about 30 seconds.

It was dark, smelled like mold, and I couldn’t see any light switch near
the entrance.

I got this eerie feeling, but I quickly shrugged it off and pulled out
my phone so I could use it for light.

I left the box outside and walked down the concrete steps into the
darkness with my phone on so I could find the light switch.

I got to the center of the basement, and there was only one light that
was dangling from the ceiling with a rope I could pull to turn it on.

Once the light was on, the basement was still dark, but now I could see
a bit.

As I looked around, the basement was empty, had no windows, and had a
strange tiny black door that looked like it was made for a child.

“What the fuck is this for?” I thought to myself.

I wanted to see what was behind the door, but fear got the best of me,
so I booked it up the stairs, got outside, grabbed the box, quickly
placed it in the basement, and got out of there.

I walked back to the kitchen, and my mother looked at me and asked what
took me so long.

So I said to my mom,

“There’s a tiny door in the basement. Did you know that?”

She replied,

“What are you talking about? I was down there yesterday, and there was
no tiny door.”

So we both went out back together.

I stopped at the door and gave my mom the keys.

“Go look.”

She walked over and opened the door.

“You can’t forget to lock this, Dean.”

She walked into the basement, and I followed.

We couldn’t see anything, and when she turned the light on, the tiny
door that was at the end of the basement was gone.

“Where is this door you’re talking about? Are you doing drugs, Dean?” my
mom said, looking at me concerned.

I rubbed my eyes in disbelief.

“No, I am not on drugs, Mom. I was in a hurry, and it was dark, so I
must have been seeing things.”

We both left the basement and went inside.

After a few hours of unpacking, it was now 8 p.m., and my mom said that
we were done for the day.

So I decided I would take a drive over to the nearest store and buy a
few beers.

I grabbed my keys and drove over to the general store. It was one hour
away from where we lived.

As I was driving to the store, I turned on the radio and decided I would
listen to the local news to see what’s been going on in the area.

The person on the radio was talking about a local festival happening
next weekend and that the weather would be cold and cloudy.

I was about ten minutes away from the store when the radio had some sort
of interference.

It was static.

That’s when I heard a child’s voice singing a creepy melody.

“There’s a door and it’s black, it was gone, now it’s back.”

(x3)

“The doooor’s back.”

The radio cut back to the local news just as I pulled into the general
store parking lot.

I turned off my engine and sat in silence, trying to process what the
fuck I just heard.

Then I immediately thought about that tiny little black door in the
basement.

“Am I losing my fucking mind right now?”

I opened the car door and walked into the store, still thinking about
what happened with the radio.

The cashier looked at me and said,

“You alright, buddy? You look a little spooked.”

I looked at him and replied,

“Yeah, yeah, everything’s fine. Can you tell me where the liquor aisle
is?”

He pointed and said,

“Aisle 6, buddy.”

As I got to the liquor section, I came across a bottle of gin and
thought, fuck it, picked it up, and walked over to the counter.

I looked at the man working and said,

“I also need a pack of smokes, Paul’s Lights, please.”

He grabbed the pack and rang up the total, then looked at me and said,

“That’ll be $34.55.”

I handed him cash, and he said,

“You’re new in town, aren’t you?”

“Uh, yeah. I just moved here with my family two days ago,” I replied.

I smiled and walked back to the car, got in, and stared at the radio.

I decided not to turn it on this time since I was still creeped out from
what happened earlier.

After getting home, I went to the kitchen, grabbed some lemonade, and
made a mixed drink.

My mom walked in and asked for a glass as well, so I made it for her and
asked,

“Where’s the girls?”

My mother replied with a bored tone,

“Reada and Jane are driving over to Aunt Lisa’s house and staying for
the weekend.”

I thought to myself, why would they invite me?

But I brushed it off and said,

“Okay, well, I’m going to sit out front on the porch for a bit. I’ll see
you later.”

I said this while handing her a mixed drink garnished with a half-sliced
lemon.

I sat on a chair out front, and I looked at my watch.

The time was now 9:30 p.m.

“What is going on?”

I thought to myself while sipping from my glass.

For about two hours, I kept on making mixed drinks and chain-smoking my
brains out until I could only think about what I heard on the radio and
that little black door I had seen earlier in the basement.

After obsessively drinking, I gained enough courage to check out that
basement again.

I boogied inside and grabbed a bottle of gin and took a shot straight
from the bottle, then grabbed the basement key along with a flashlight
since it was now around 11 p.m. and completely dark outside.

I walked past the living room, and my mother was passed out on the
couch.

Ignoring that, I stumbled towards the front door and headed out back to
the basement.

Again, upon arriving at the basement door, I got that weird, eerie
feeling that something wasn’t right.

My heart started racing, and I almost backed out of going in.

With hands shaking, I reached for the key and unlocked the basement door
and opened it.

I turned on my flashlight and shined it inside as I stepped down the
stairs.

And when I did…

The door was there.

It was back.

I freaked out and went to reach for my phone so that I could take a
picture to prove to my mother I wasn’t crazy, but realized I had left it
in the kitchen.

Out of sheer fear and being completely wasted, I fumbled backwards and
fell to the floor while still staring at the door.

That’s when it happened.

The knob on the door started rattling like something was trying to get
out.

I ran.

In fact, it was the fastest I have ever run in my life.

I tripped on the steps, basically crawling up them in a panic.

I quickly slammed the doors shut, locked them, and ran inside.

My mom was awake at this point, probably because of how loud I was
coming inside.

She looked at me confused and half-awake and said,

“What the fuck are you doing? What was that noise?”

I came up with some bullshit lie, stating,

“There was a spider, and it freaked me the fuck out, so I ran inside.
I’m sorry, and I’ll try not to be so loud.”

“It’s okay, Dean. I’m going to bed. Goodnight.”

I told her goodnight and went to the living room, sat on the couch,
grabbed my laptop, and tried searching up anything involving seeing tiny
black doors and folklore or anything.

There was nothing at all.

Around 4 a.m., I decided it was time for me to get some sleep.

I woke up the next morning at 10:00 a.m. to my alarm blaring some random
static, and my head was pounding due to the fact I drank way too much
last night.

I slapped off my alarm clock and stumbled out of bed, brushed my teeth,
and quickly showered.

I ran down the stairs to the kitchen to make something to eat quickly,
and as I looked out the kitchen window, I realized my mother’s car was
gone.

So I checked my phone to see if she left me a text saying where she was
going, but there was nothing, which was unusual of her not to say
anything.

I fixed myself breakfast and tried turning on the TV, but it wasn’t
working.

I checked to see if maybe it wasn’t plugged in, but it wasn’t.

I got up off the couch and headed to the kitchen, where we kept the
batteries.

Suddenly, the TV turned on while my back was turned.

I turned around.

The TV was showing static.

Then I heard that tune of a child singing:

“There’s a door and it’s black, it was gone, now it’s back.”

(x3)

“The dooor’s back!”

The TV shut off.

I immediately ran to the kitchen, grabbed the keys to the basement, the
flashlight, my phone, and a knife, and ran outside to the backyard.

“This is fucking it…” I thought to myself, half-drunk from last night.

I unlocked the basement doors, whipped them open, and with the
flashlight, staring down there…

It was the fucking door.

It was there.

So I walked towards it, centered the flashlight on the floor facing the
door, and pulled out my phone to take a picture.

I took it.

I put my phone back in my pocket, picked up the flashlight from the
ground, and slowly backed away to leave.

As I got to the stairs, I turned around.

That’s when I heard a little girl’s voice whisper in my ear,

“What were you going to do with that knife?”

I could feel the hairs on my arms raise, and with a burst of adrenaline,
I ran out, slammed the door shut, and locked it.

Staring at the basement door, I just stood there, not knowing what just
happened or what to do next.

So I went back inside.

In my bedroom, I pulled out my phone to look at the picture I took of
the door in the basement.

“What the… fuck…”

To my surprise, there was no door in the photo.

It was just a concrete wall.

My stomach dropped, and I started feeling so nauseous that I actually
threw up all over my bedroom floor.

After cleaning up the puke off my bedroom floor, I looked at the photo
once more.

And still, there was nothing.

Nothing but a dark picture of a basement and no door.

The only thought running through my head was that I must be dreaming and
none of this could be real.

I needed to get proof of this door.

To Be Continued.
