I’ve always loved blades. Big ones, small ones, straight ones or curved
ones, it never mattered.  The only requirement was that the blade had to
hold an edge.  Every time I would take my mom to an antique store, or
stop by a garage sale with my dad, I would look for knives.  Today, I
got lucky!

The young lady running the estate sale was sweet as a summer peach.  She
pointed my dad to the power tools and talked a bit about her own
father’s love of carpentry.  I trailed along behind them, listening with
half my attention as I scanned the tables around us.  I picked up random
items as my dad charmed the young lady into basically sharing her life
story.  She had just mentioned that both of her parents had passed very
suddenly when I spotted it.  A small box, rectangular, made of some sort
of dark metal.  The design on the top was intricate and slightly
raised.  I picked it up. My fingers slid over the three-cornered
design. 

It was cold.  Icy cold, like tracing the patterns of frost on a
windowpane.  A ripple of goose flesh ran up my arm. I pushed the lid
open, it slid smoothly sideways, a beautiful example of workmanship. 
There was a knife resting on black velvet inside.  I sucked in a sharp
breath, Oh my god,  I thought.  The blade was curved like a hawksbill. 
About four inches long.  Black with Damascus etching. Handle and blade
were all one piece, with the handle wrapped in black leather to provide
a good grip.  I stroked a finger down the curve of the blade.  Blood
immediately welled up and dripped,  Sharp as a rumor of ice.  I thought
nonsensically.

The sweet young lady sold it to me for $5.  I was entranced.  I sat
quietly in the car and stared at it as I waited for my dad.  The drive
back to his place was a blur.  He talked about the young lady’s parents
and I barely heard him.  Something about her father slicing her mother
up and then committing suicide.  I think I made an appropriate noise of
shock, I’m not sure though.  Once dad was safely home, I made my excuses
and left as fast as I could.

Here’s where I made my biggest mistake, I think.  I pulled over in a
scenic overlook and opened the knife box again.  The curve of blade
gleamed up at me like a smile.  There was no trace of my blood on it. 
Nor were there any drops of blood on the black velvet.  My finger did
not hurt, there was just a red line.  I closed my fingers around the
hilt of the gorgeous knife and lifted it from its resting place.

“Aaaaaaaah” a deep rasp of whisper sounded near my left ear.  I jumped
in my seat and screamed like a little girl!  Knife securely in my grip,
I twisted my body around to look in the backseat.  “Surprise,” rasped
the harsh whisper, still by my left ear.  “Oh fuck!” I said, twisting
back.  I was completely alone in the car.

“Blood is hot,” the whisper said.  I threw open the door of my car and
scrambled out.  My chest constricted and my breath sounded like a
whistle as I turned in circles.  Where was that voice coming from?  I
scanned the trees, the road, the whole scenic turnout, I was alone.

“Skin parts like water.”  This time the whisper rasped like sandpaper in
my ear.  Gravel and ice rubbing together.  Shuddering all over, my heart
a thundering surge in my chest, I fell to my knees and dropped the
knife.  Terrified nearly witless I knelt there staring at the gleaming
blade.  Time passed, I have no idea how long.  There were no more
whispers.  I’m losing my mind, I thought. Maybe I just need more sleep… 
slowly, moving like I was swimming, I picked the knife up again.

“Beautiful hot blood,” rasped by my ear.  Terror spiked in my head.  Ice
slid down the column of my spine and paralyzed me.  Black spots danced
in front of my eyes.  As unconsciousness closed over me like the sea I
heard one more thing.  “I’m hungry.”

I came back to myself with a hard jolt.  That wasn’t me!  I thought. 
“Blood soooo hot and sweet,” rasped the horrible whisper.

“Oh, shut up!” I exclaimed.  There was a sense, a feeling, of shock. I
pulled myself up and climbed back into my car.  Very carefully I put the
knife back in its box and closed the lid.  Then I stared at it for
several long moments.  Finally, I turned the key and waited to hear if
there would be more whispers.  When none came, I drove home.

Shabby streets with lots of potholes and half the streetlights out. 
Uncollected garbage bins on corners and stinking overfilled dumpsters
down creepy alleyways.  Yeah, I don’t live in the best part of town. 
But at least I’m not homeless!   I parked and locked my car up.  Then,
carrying the knife box, I started up the six flights of stairs to my
apartment.  The lights were half out in the stairwell again.  Shadows
wrapped the dirty concrete in shielding blankness.  The graffiti that
covered most of the walls appeared and disappeared like ships in the
fog.  Near the fifth floor I heard raised voices and slowed down.  I
didn’t need any more drama today.  The lid of the knife box slipped
smoothly under my fingertips.  What the f… I thought.  Then the
stairwell access door slammed open above me.  Light poured in a piss
yellow wave over me and dazzled my eyes.  I saw a silhouette of a skinny
man start down the steps towards me.  There was a gleam of light along
something metal in his hand.  “What the fuck!?!” I yelped.  Mostly
because my hand was suddenly filled with that knife.

“Danger…kill… soooo hungry.” Rasped that terrible whisper.  Something
slammed into the side of my head.  Sticky liquid heat poured over my
hand as stars shattered across my field of vision.  I stumbled sideways
and hit the wall.  More sticky liquid heat, this time running down my
neck from my ear.  Someone was screaming high and wild.  Was that me?  I
had to get away.  I lunged up the stairs, tripping and catching myself
on the cold metal bannister.  Each time I did, there was a silvery ring
of metal on metal.

The sixth-floor access door squealed loudly as I pushed it open.  My
heart was thundering so loudly in my chest it sounded like a herd of
horses.  I raced down the dingy half lit hallway fumbling my keys out
lefthanded.  Eternities seemed to pass as I tried to open my door.  The
knife was still in my right hand, and I couldn’t make my fingers open! 

Finally, I was inside, shaking and dripping with sweat.  I flipped the
lights on and locked the door.  Sweet sour fear smell mixed with hot
iron and copper in my nose.  I felt my stomach turn and ran for the
bathroom.  The knife clattered on the countertop, finally I could let
go.  Then I was throwing up.  When I was done I stood at my little
sink.  Tears and sweat and mucus all over my face, I looked in my
bathroom mirror.  “What the hell just happened?” I asked in a hoarse
voice.  My reflection said nothing.

Now I’m sitting here at my tiny kitchen table to write this up.  There’s
a lump the size of an egg above my right ear.  The police gave me back
the box I dropped in the stairwell.  That was an interesting
conversation I had with them.  They don’t know about the knife.  The man
was a drug dealer.  He had an aluminum baseball bat, that’s what he hit
me with.  He was found on the fourth floor with his belly sliced open. 
The officers were definitely a little green when I talked to them. 
Apparently, he made a big mess.

The knife is safely back in it’s box.  There were no whispers when I
picked it up.  I wonder if Google knows anything about knives that can
talk?  I need a drink.

 
