I’m outside as I write this, because the house doesn’t feel right
anymore. Outside, everything feels better. It started yesterday, when I
saw the boy walk straight out of the lake. But he wasn’t alive, at least
that’s what I thought. At first, that’s what I thought… I know it
doesn’t make sense, but I will try to explain. 

I should start at the beginning. I was sitting outside while my brother
was in the house—my brother Dale. After college, you see, we’d moved in
together, and on paper it was just because living together was cheaper
than living alone, but I also loved spending time with him. I really
did. He was more than my brother, he was my best friend. 

He was so nice too, the kind of nice where he’d put a spider in a cup
and take it outside instead of killing it. 

He was always so nice, that was the thing. 

We’d bought a house on the lake. It wasn’t a big house, but we had
enough space for our own bedrooms and bathrooms. His were upstairs and
mine were downstairs. It was a great place, it really was—we had
neighbors, technically, but the houses on either side of ours must have
been a mile away each, so we never really saw anyone else. We could
usually hear the cars driving down the highway, though, and that made it
feel like we weren’t quite so isolated. 

My favorite thing about the house, though, was sitting on the lakeshore,
just watching the waves. I did it every evening. Dale didn’t like it so
much, though, and I can’t really blame him. A couple months after we’d
moved in, he went for a hike around the lake and he got lost for almost
a whole day. Since then, he never liked to get too close to the water.
We’d always been near it, but he just… He didn’t really go by the shore,
and never went outside after dark.

But it’s been around a year since that. Yesterday evening… It wasn’t
supposed to be any different. I just went out to enjoy the lake like I
did every day, and yet…

The waves weren’t calm. Instead, they thrashed against the shore like
they were trying to tear away the sand and the rock beneath. The sun was
choked with clouds and the wind was howling. It was so loud I couldn’t
even hear the highway. So strong that the trees had to fight to stay
standing. 

Because of the wind, it was cold—that sort of uncomfortable cold where
no matter how many layers you put on, you’re always shivering because
the gale somehow finds its way through to your skin. 

I was wearing a jacket and two shirts under it, but I was still about
ready to go inside. As much as I loved watching that lake, it didn’t
seem worth it right now. Dale would be inside building a fire, maybe
even cooking dinner. I felt a sudden pang of hunger. Definitely time to
go inside. 

But I lingered a minute longer. The waves swept over the beach, washing
sticks and shells onto the shore in huge torrents. Even a dead fish lay
belly up on the sand. 

For some reason, I found myself feeling a shred of pity for it, but why
should I have cared?

I pulled my jacket tighter around myself, getting ready to stand, when
all at once, the world seemed to freeze.

In an instant, the wind had completely stopped. Yet I could tell that
the world had not truly frozen because the treetops still shook gently
with the ghost of the storm. The lake became so abruptly docile, waves
gently licking the shore as if the wind had never raged over them.

I gripped the arms of my lawn chair. It was not nearly as cold as it had
been, but my palms grew clammy with the feeling that something was
awfully wrong.

Then I saw it—a strange ripple several yards out in the water. I felt
trapped in my chair, watching, as he rose from the lake.

At first, there was only his hair, a slimy tangle of pale blond wisps
attached to a peeling scalp. He kept walking forward until his head was
entirely above the surface. I had to stifle a gasp. Between the strands
of hair, I could see his eyes—bulging yellow orbs leaking some scabby,
whitish liquid. His lips were blue and puffy, his skin somewhere between
gray and green. His mouth hung open, twisted, like a silent scream, and
I could see his black and yellow rotting teeth. Yet my eyes kept being
drawn back to his. His irises were clouded over, their color eerily like
the blue-gray of the lake.

I can’t tell you whether or not he saw me. His pupils were lost behind
that death-like fog, yet the way he stared, I felt naked. His eyes
burrowed down to my skin just as the wind had. Even though the torrent
was gone, I realized I still couldn’t hear the highway. 

The drowned boy kept walking toward me, rising out of the lake like some
zombie or demon come up from hell. The dead don’t walk, I kept saying in
my head, as if I could wake from a dream and it would go away. 

I stood up, ready to run, but some strange feeling kept me there.

As he ambled further out of the water, it struck me how small he was.
His tattered shirt hung on a skeletal frame that couldn’t have been more
than half my height. The fabric was striped yellow and brown, though
before the lake it might have been white and red. When his legs emerged,
I tracked his uneven steps with a strange fascination. My skin still
prickled, but curiosity rooted me to the ground.

I thought about calling out for my brother, but I didn’t want him to
see. In a way, it seemed, this moment was for my eyes alone. 

Abruptly, the boy stopped. He was entirely still; the only movement came
from the waves that broke gently over his feet. 

A strange lump got caught in my throat. My hands were no longer shaking.
All I could focus on was that desperate cry plastered on his face. 

“What are you?” I asked. His answer was silence. “You… You need to go.”

My voice sounded so small and useless. The boy kept staring at me with
glassy eyes.

I took a deep breath and tried to stand up straighter. “I don’t know
what you are, but I’m not afraid.” It wasn’t true. 

As soon as the words escaped my lips, a sudden gust of wind hit me like
a plow. Though I only stumbled, the boy’s legs trembled, buckled, and
collapsed. There was a gentle thud as his fragile body hit the ground. 

The storm was roaring again. The waves thrashed against him, but no
matter how many times they enveloped the broken boy, they could not drag
him back into the water.

Some protective instinct made me run forward instead of away. I know it
was insane of me, but as the lake tore at him, I grabbed onto his arm
and pulled him out of the water’s vicious grasp. He was so light it was
like dragging a cat’s body. Before I let him go, I felt his wrist, and
that’s what unnerved me more than anything—he shouldn’t have been alive,
but there was a pulse. It was slow, icy, but I felt it. I let his arm
fall, stumbling back. He was alive.

“What have you done?”

My head swung around, and I saw my brother in the doorway. His brown
hair was whipping over his face, but I could see his blue eyes clear as
the sky on a cloudless day. There was something in his gaze… He was
scared, I realized, and my throat grew tight.

“Dale… I just found him,” I said, looking at the boy. “He’s alive, we
need to call someone!”

My brother’s mouth twisted in a grimace. “He’s not.”

“Call 911, Dale! He’s alive!”

There were tears in my eyes as the wind battered my face. Why wouldn’t
Dale move? There was this look he had… The fear only seemed to come when
he glanced at the boy. He wasn’t afraid of me, I realized. He was afraid
of something else.

“Dale…”

“We can’t call anyone,” he hissed. “Get away from that boy, he’s dead.”

His eyes darkened strangely. Somehow, I wasn’t looking at my brother
anymore. Everything was the same, but he was a different person.

“Dale, are you okay?”

“Come inside,” he told me, so quiet I almost couldn’t hear over the
wind. I glanced back at the body, still sitting on the shore where I’d
left it. There was a pulse, but no movement, I realized. The boy wasn’t
breathing. I found myself following Dale, though my eyes stayed fixed on
the boy until we were inside and the door clicked shut behind us.

“We have to call 911,” I kept saying.

“Don’t,” he warned me. “You’ll mess it all up. You’ve already messed it
all up.”

A few pieces were starting to go together in my head. Awful pieces.
“Dale, look at me,” I pleaded. I had to see it in his eyes, had to see
that I was wrong.

But he never turned around. He stepped into the kitchen, kept going
until he reached the knife block. 

I didn’t want it to be true, but I knew it was. I started to sob. “You
drowned that boy,” I choked. “Why? How could you…” My voice slipped
away, just like everything I knew about him seemed to be slipping
between my fingers.

“I didn’t kill him.” The words slithered out of his lips almost like he
had meant to say something else. 

“He’s not dead,” I whispered. “There was… a pulse…” 

But it wasn’t right. A pulse, but no breathing. Decaying, but he could
walk. Yet what scared me more than anything, right now, was my own
brother. 

“He’s dead,” said Dale, almost more to himself than me. “He’s dead!” 

That was when he pulled the knife out of its slot… Turned… Pointed it at
me. 

I stumbled back as he stepped forward, but he told me not to run. I
didn’t. I thought about trying to wrestle the blade out of his hands,
but he was always the athletic one, not me. He did football in high
school. 

He told me to sit. I sat, and he fell into the chair across from me,
staring, never letting go of the knife.

I don’t remember when it got dark. He hadn’t built a fire like he said
he would, so I was left shivering. The wind still shrieked outside. For
so long, it was just Dale and me in the living room, together but so far
apart. I couldn’t take my eyes off of his. Sometimes, I felt like I was
watching me and him from above, like I wasn’t even there. 

I couldn’t stop thinking about the way the boy had limped out of the
water. I kept picturing his lurching steps, his dead eyes, and though
every ounce of logic told me it couldn’t be real, it was all too clear
in my head. There was a stab in my chest… something more than pity, but
less than pain.

I asked Dale who he was. The boy. That made my brother’s eyes go wide
again. 

“Nobody… Eli was… nobody…”

“Eli?”

“Don’t say that name,” he spat. “He was my Eli, mine… not yours, not
hers…” 

I thought I had heard him wrong.

“What did you say?” My voice shook.

“Not yours. He’s not yours.”

He sounded twisted. Insane. Nothing like the brother I knew. I wasn’t
sure what would happen if I kept pushing him, so I tried to back down.
“Just put the knife away,” I begged. Surely somewhere, he was still the
Dale I remembered. Hoping seemed like the only thing I could do.

“Promise you won’t call the police,” he said sharply.

“I promise.”

His nostrils flared. “You’re lying.”

“I’m not—”

He stood up, and my whole body tensed. For a moment, I could picture him
charging at me with the knife and slitting my throat—

He didn’t. There was silence, then he took a step back.

“We’ll go to sleep,” he said. His eyes darted to the window. “I’ll sort
it out in the morning.” 

“Dale…” I was crying again.

“Stop that,” he shouted, making me recoil. “Go to sleep. Just go.”

My heart was trapped in my throat. A day ago, I was sure he would never
hurt me. I was sure of how much he loved me, but in the dark, I knew
nothing. 

I looked out the window, though. Seeing the lake, I guess, made me
relax. From this angle, the boy wasn’t visible, but the water was there.
I remembered how much I’d liked watching it. 

But then Dale told me to walk, so I walked. The knife was so close. Its
presence choking me like a noose. How many times did I feel the sharp
tip tear through my flesh—but all of them were in my head. The steel
never touched me. 

He watched from the doorway as I clambered under my blankets. In the
shadows, I could only see his silhouette staring. After a moment, he
left.

I never closed my eyes, knowing I wouldn’t be able to fall asleep even
if I had wanted to. In the darkness, the little boy’s face seemed to be
everywhere, but he wasn’t looking at me, he was looking at Dale behind
me. Now I could see it in my memories. He had been looking at Dale, Dale
who had tried to kill him. Succeeded? 

I don’t know how many hours passed, but after so long tossing and
turning, I heard the noise. Somewhere above me, a sink had turned
on—Dale’s sink. At first, I thought he was just getting ready for bed,
and for a few seconds I could imagine it was a normal night. I could
picture him as the brother I always knew, the man who would never hurt a
bug, let alone murder a boy. 

But then he screamed my name. I pulled the blanket tighter around
myself, and he yelled again. This time, it became a twisted gargle.
Something crashed against the floor upstairs.

All I could hear was the sick gargling noise. It wasn’t a sound any
human should have made.

I still didn’t move. My limbs were ice, though I wasn’t picturing Dale—I
was seeing the drowned boy and his twisted mouth. 

There was more of that putrid gurgling sound, something that was almost
a wail, then nothing. Nothing, except… the sink was still running. 

I waited and waited, like waiting would make whatever was up there go
away. But I knew I couldn’t wait forever.

I pushed the blanket off of myself with stiff, icy hands.

As I walked through the house, I turned on every light I could. Still,
the dark pushed in at the edges of my vision like a lurching, creeping
monster. There was this way that the seconds dragged by as I climbed the
stairs, turning into hours of gnawing dread… It was somehow like the
feeling of never being warm no matter how many layers you put on. 

Dale’s room was empty, but his sheets were thrown in a tangled bundle at
the foot of the bed. I could still hear the sink. The bathroom door was
closed, but I could hear it. 

I had stopped walking. I had to search somewhere deep within myself to
start again. Somehow, even before I pushed the bathroom door open, I
knew what I was going to find, but I wasn’t ready. I never could have
been.

I gasped as the door swung open. It banged against the wall, the sound
dull. The light buzzed overhead and water poured from the faucet into
the drain, but I saw all of that through a fog at the edges of my
vision. 

Dale lay on the floor, eyes fixed at a spot of mold on the ceiling. The
knife had fallen at his side. His mouth was open, filled with water. I
forced myself to look closer, and I saw… God, there were little strings
of algae, or something green, drifting lazily back and forth in his
throat. I clutched my arms to my chest, shaking. His eyes were pink at
the edges, but aside from that he looked like he could have been alive.
It was only the water in his mouth, like a tiny lake swirling gently.

No, there was more water… The knife gleamed out of the corner of my eye,
little rivulets tracing their way past the silver blade. I followed them
back to Dale’s wrist. The skin was cut open—I could see the flesh
beneath, the gray flesh, and instead of blood leaking out, there was
only water. 

I looked away, then looked back, almost hoping I’d see something else,
but it was the same.

No blood, only water.

I could taste vomit in the back of my throat. I thought of the slow,
cold pulse I’d felt when I touched the boy’s wrist. Not alive. Somehow
not quite dead.

I couldn’t stand that sound anymore… I ran to the sink and turned off
the faucet. I had to get out of the bathroom, but Dale’s face wouldn’t
go away even when I left. My stomach churned. Dale always hated the
lake. I started to laugh. He always did, since a year ago. Lost. He said
he’d gotten lost, but what had he really seen?

I kept thinking about him, there in the bathroom, water choking his
lungs. Water for blood. But he’d gotten what he asked for. Threatening
me… and Eli. Dale was like Eli now, drowned…

But inside that house, I felt like I was the one drowning. I had to go
away. Outside, that was where. The water had always calmed me down. 

When I stepped out the door, I threw up on the grass. My stomach felt
better then.

It must’ve been below freezing by now, but the wind had stopped. The
water was calm, the trees still, and no cars drove on the highway. It
was two or three in the morning, maybe, by looking at the moon. I took a
breath of the briny air, and it made me feel okay. I wasn’t shivering
anymore. Finally, I couldn’t feel the cold under my skin.

I kept walking toward the lake. Everything was fine as long as I could
see it. I didn’t feel afraid even when I noticed that the boy was gone.
There was this trail of divots in the grass—small divots, small as his
little feet. They led back into the water. Through the sand he’d walked,
until the last traces of him were washed away by the waves. 

I smiled at that, because I knew then that my brother hadn’t killed Eli
Walker. He’d tried, but he hadn’t killed him.

I know I don’t have to be afraid of Dale anymore, but going back in that
house is like he’s drowning me. Over and over again. Out here, I can see
the water so clearly, not like in there.

I always loved watching the lake.

The moonlight sparkles on the surface.

She’s beautiful, she really is.
