PART 1

Previous Part

So, first things first before we jump right into the main subject of
this post. I’d like to let you all know that I’m alive and haven’t been
killed by the grove or Mary or anything else… At least not yet. Though,
that may change as I am stupidly planning on going back in soon. Now the
unfortunate fact is that I am an adult, with an apartment and as such
that unfortunately requires me to do something far more scary than
encounter monsters in the forest. It requires me having to go into work
in order to survive, which absolutely breaks my heart. In fact the grove
has actively led to some very positive changes in my life.

You see, word got out that I was trying to learn more about the grove,
learn about Mary and about how I ended up there. Turns out there was
this whole other side and culture to my town that I had never
experienced before revolving around it. Tons of people have their own
stories involving it and there is a sort of trading that goes on. Most
people who have never been inside won’t understand it and will write it
off. I mean unless you experience something like this you would as well.
I heeded the warnings but even I still thought they were mostly bullshit
until I had it happen to me. Yet now that I did, now that I had my own
run in and experience. Suddenly people are happy to talk about it and
share it, and trading these experiences has definitely made my own
memories of the place much more palatable. As for the stories I’ll share
more of the more disturbing and entertaining stories in my next post, no
for this one we’ll focus on the main subject. The one that was a dumbass
mistake that has me prepping to go inside once more… Maybe.. I don’t
know but maybe.

It was when I was interviewing an older woman named Georgia, that led me
to do something stupid. I swapped stories with her and then I brought up
Mary. See Georgia lived on the same street Mary was born on and watched
her grow up. She took care of her a lot when her parents were too fucked
up too, and she turned me on to my next lead in the Mary case. She
pointed out that Mary’s mom Maggie still lives in the same old house all
these years later and it was right down the street from us at that
moment. So once Georgia and I’s conversation ended and against my better
judgement I made a beeline right for it. After working up enough courage
I knocked loudly against the door.

Maggie opened the door and squinted as if to recognize me. “You’re
Samantha right? You graduated with Mary?”

“Sam.” I corrected her automatically. “Yes mam, I graduated with your
daughter.”

“What do you want?” She asked, eyeing me suspiciously.

“Just to ask you some questions about your daughter.” I answered
honestly.

She seemed to eye me up and down, silently taking in my appearance and
judging me. I guess she liked what she saw because after a couple
moments she replied. “Well, come on in kid, I’ll make us a cup of
coffee.”

“I take it black.” I said matter of factly as I took a seat at her
kitchen table.

“A woman after my own heart.” She replied as she turned the coffee pot
on. As she did so, I took her appearance in. I could see Mary in her
appearance somewhat, though Maggie looked far more worn and older than
the youthful and pretty Mary. I assumed that had to do with the frequent
drug use in Maggie’s youth and a lifetime of smoking. Still her eyes,
the way they focused on you was identical to her daughters. She took out
a pack of cigs and lit one before looking over at me. “You want one
kid?”

Never one to turn a free ciggy down I nodded and she handed me one and
lit it for me as I brought it to my mouth. “Thanks.” I muttered my
appreciation as I took a long relaxing drag from it.

“So what’s your deal with my daughter?” She asked inhaling a long slow
drag of her cig. “Wait you were that gay chick right? The one openly gay
girl in her class? Sam?”

“Yeah uh, that’s me.” I said nerves crashing over me as many of the
older residents of the town judged me for that in the past.

“Relax kid.” She waved non-committedly at me. “I ain’t some two bit
huckleberry finn fucking judgemental asshole alright? I mean I am not
some straight saint, the stuff I did when I was younger, it didn’t
matter whether you were a man, woman, or any in between. You know what
I’m saying?”

“Sort of.” I replied honestly.

“So you’re trying to date my daughter then, thought you’d use me as an
in eh?”

“No!” I blurted out at once before I calmed down and straightened
myself. “No… nothing like that, just I uh… Well I went into the grove
and saw her there.” I explained as succinctly as I could while trying to
hide the blush on my face.

“Ah… Well too bad, a tough bitch like you would be good for Mary.” She
shot back causing my face to go even redder. “But you’re here for those
reasons, brave of you to come to me and expect me to talk about it.”

“Like you said, tough bitch.”

“Hmph. I like you, you remind me of me.” She said waving her cig at me
and then taking another long drag. “Sure, what the hell I’ll tell you
what I know about her and that place. But first coffee.” She said
standing up and making her way to the kitchen before returning with two
mugs of coffee. “Alright let me start from the beginning.”

———————-

I was a shitty fucking mother. Part of me still is a shitty mother, but
I used to be a truly terrible mother. I can blame it on Paul or the
drugs or any number of factors but the truth is I was just terrible to
my little angel and everything I’ve done since has been to make up for
that. That’s getting ahead of myself however. Instead we have to start
from the beginning, start with Paul and how I got into this situation in
the first place.

You see, Paul was a narcissistic psychopath. I don’t use that term
lightly either, I mean he was literally a narcissistic psychopath in
ever fucking sense and meaning of those words. We got together when I
was thirteen and he was seventeen, I was a freshman and he was a senior.
Every moment from that point onward was about him having control of
every facet of my life. Me being a dumbass fucking freshman in love with
my first boyfriend, I fell for everything he said and did, cause I was
young and dumb. Over the course of the next four years we’d break up 24
times, with our longest stretch being our first year of dating. Our
shortest time together was around 6 hours before breaking up and getting
back together again. I had-have an addictive personality and Paul was my
drug before I discovered drugs… Or before Paul introduced me to them
that is.

You see I was 14 the first time I drank, 15 the first time I smoked weed
and by the time I was 16 I was already addicted to coke and ecstacy and
dropped out of high school. 17 was when I met heroin and began the
beginning of my downfall and Paul encouraged every bit of it. He was no
stranger to drugs mind you, he introduced me to them all after all.
However he did a lot less than I did, no he’d push more onto my pile and
cheer me on whenever I did more. Because he could control me that way,
and if I didn’t listen, if I wanted to get clean, well Sam honey. That’s
when the fists would start flying and I’d be in a whole new world of
pain, no you listened to Paul or consequences would happen.

I got pregnant with Mary shortly after my 18th birthday. I tried to run
when I found out, but Paul convinced me to come back. Said a kid needed
their dad and I listened, I mean I was an addict after all. I tried to
stop the drugs and drinking too, but he pushed me to do it. Told me the
withdrawals would kill the kid and maybe myself as well. He may have
pushed it but I listened because despite everything I wanted to listen
to him. I wanted an excuse to keep on using and doing the drugs. Like I
said I was a terrible fucking mother.

When she was born, when I looked into Mary’s eyes for the first time was
the best and worst moment of my life. She was a perfect and amazing
special angel. I mean you’ve met her, you know what she’s like. When she
smiled up at me as a kid, it felt like everything was gonna be alright,
that everything would work out and end happily. That was the good part,
the bad part is when I looked at Paul. Realized that this perfect angel
would have to spend the rest of her life with this fucking demon of a
dad. That I doomed her for all eternity, that night was the first time I
tried to purposefully OD, it wouldn’t be the last.

Paul to his credit was not the worst dad. He changed her, and fed her
and smiled and laughed and looked after her. He just beat me extra hard
later on whenever she did something wrong. He couldn’t beat her after
all, so he took it out on me instead, or he’d make me do more drugs. It
was shortly after she was born that he started selling me to friends. I
agreed to make more money for diapers, and food and formula and of
course for more heroin as well. I was an addict after all, and an addict
will do anything for a fix… Almost anything.

You see years passed and we noticed how special she was. How awkward she
was socially, how she’d believe in any lie, do anything because you told
her too. Paul blamed it on me doing drugs and alcohol while pregnant and
as far as I know it’s not a lie at all. I tried to protect her from it
all. Whenever he’d beat me I’d tell her to leave and she’d go away and I
think that’s the start of when she started going to the grove. Still
Paul noticed she’d never disobey an order from him and he started asking
her to do more. Small stuff at first, a theft here or a grift there. It
was when she turned 9 that he planned to sell her off for the first
time. I objected and he beat me half to death, she tried to step in and
he hit her for the first time as well. That’s when my decision was made,
when he touched that fucking angel… Well enough was enough and that
night as he slept I injected him with every last drop of H we had.

He of course died in his sleep, a better fucking death then that man
deserved and I called the police. James, who was a rookie officer at the
time, responded. I explained what he did, and what I did and was ready
to be arrested for homicide. James however and bless that man for doing
so. He just reported what a shame it was that another junkie overdosed
and I never went to jail for it. Mary would never know what I did to her
dad.

Mary however… What she did broke my heart and is the first step I took
to get clean. Seeing my sweet innocent baby, she saw that her father was
dead. She cried for him, she cried for that monster despite him hitting
her and making her do awful things. Despite him planning to sell her
off, she fucking cried for him. That’s the kind of angel my sweet
innocent baby girl was, and I knew she deserved a better momma than me.
She deserved someone clean and with their life together, not the mess I
was and so I made a decision. A terrible, idiotic and suicidal decision.
One that was a win win for me, because I either found a way to become a
better mom or I died and either way she’d be in a better place in life.
I decided to head into the grove.

I left to the grove separate from Mary. I didn’t want her to see me
going to her place, in truth I didn’t want her to see me going to my
planned death. I didn’t want to break her heart anymore then I already
had. But that place has a funny way of shaping itself around the person
that enters it. You can enter at the exact same place two separate times
and end up in two completely different places. It’s alive, it studies
you and then uses that to lure you in and trap you or trap someone close
to you. So of course the second I entered that place she called home it
plopped me right fucking in front of her.

“Mumma?” She asked looking up at me with those wide blue eyes and I
could barely meet them. “What are you doing here?”

“I…I came for help.” I said shivering, already the withdrawals were
beginning to hit me hard and my mind was fogging over with need for a
hit.

“Oh, I’ll take you Gram Gram.” She smiled at me and began leading the
way just like that and I followed. Truth being told as she led me deeper
and deeper through long twists and turns through the forest trees, that
I never would have navigated this place on my own. As we made our way
deeper, things became more alien by the step. Large glowing mushrooms
the size of cars, blinked and strobed through patterns of lights,
creating a luminescent pattern illuminating the path like a painting.

Then we hit the webs, the first few were small… smallish, more the size
of tarantulas webs, and along them ran spiders which greeted and waved
their legs and antennae at us as we passed by in greeting. As we went
deeper and deeper the webs grew larger and thicker, the spiders bigger
until they were the size of sedans and the webs the size of buildings.
Finally we reached a large valley of webs thick and large enough that it
blocked out all light and sight of the inside except a small glow. Mary
stopped out front and turned to me.

“She told me you’d see her one day.” She said matter of factly. “She
told me when you did that I couldn’t come with you, that you had to go
in alone.”

“Oh, okay.” I nodded slowly, my body trembling horribly now not just
from drugs but from fear of being anywhere in this place without Mary.
Still I knew better than to ignore her words as she’s the only person I
ever knew to enter here regularly and not have horrific things happen.
So I ducked beneath the overhanging webs and entered the spider’s lair.

Inside was a single smaller variant of the glowing mushrooms I saw on my
way here, it illuminated just enough of the interior for me to see where
I was going but none of the greater darkness surrounding that. Sat right
next to the mushroom was a silken chair weaved by the webs of whatever
made this lair.

As I approached the center I heard a whispering voice, “sit.” It
commanded and I complied at once seating myself upon the chair. As I did
I could hear the skittering and clackering of arachnoid legs rushing
around me on all sides and before I could react my arms and legs were
wrapped against the chairs edges, and I was trapped like the little fly
I was. A single web as thick as steel cable slowly descended from the
ceiling and down in front of my eyes and from it was the most terrible
sight I’d ever seen. A large spider that dwarfed even the largest I had
seen outside and where its mandible lay was the weathered face of an old
woman.

“What brings The Mother here to my residence?” That same voice asked and
it sounded like a sweet old lady but slightly distorted, like an
imitation or alteration of one speaking.

“T-to get help.” I responded nervously, unable to tear my eyes away from
the sight before me.

“And why should I help you, who brings nothing but pain for The
Neamhchiontach?” It asked, reaching forward and slowly trailing one of
its pointed legs down my cheek and drawing a tiny amount of blood.

“The Neamhchiontach?” I was confused.

“The little lady of the forest.” She responded and I realized she meant
Mary.

“Because I want to be better for her, to be better to her. So I can make
her happy and be the mother she deserves.” I explained and the spider
fell silent for a few moments while pondering that.

“This is an acceptable reason, I can help you with this. You may ask me
for a boon and I shall provide one, as well as a bane to balance it out.
What is the boon you ask?” She said sliding her legs down further and
with a small ripping noise she cut through the webs holding my hands and
feet and freed me.

“I want to be clean… to be sober, so I can be a good mother and always
be there for my daughter.” I responded the same desire I’d had since I
first learned I’d be pregnant with Mary.

“So shall it be asked, so shall it be done.” The spider said and before
I could respond it darted forward and bit deep into my shoulder. I felt
its venom pulse into me and let out a loud wail at the pain that was
greater than any I’d ever felt, then it was gone, my shoulder healed and
the spider climbed back up its web and into the darkness. “You may leave
now.” Its voice echoed as it vanished leaving me all alone once more.

I didn’t feel any different, I still had the shakes, still couldn’t get
the idea of my next fix out of my head as I emerged from the webs and
back into the forest.

“How did it go?” Mary asked when she saw me, a spider the size of a
small cat perched upon her shoulder.

“I-I’m not dead…” I answered shakily.

“Of course not silly billy, they would never kill anyone. Now let’s go
home.” She said and began skipping away cheerfully and I could do
nothing but follow.

I’d like to say that was it, that I was good and sober and everything
was perfect from that moment on but that’s a lie. I still had the
cravings, the fix, my demons and although I was good for a couple days.
I eventually broke down, it was here I began to understand what it meant
by a boon and a bane.

You see Sam. I had some heroin stashed in one of the kitchen cupboards.
I ignored it but knowing it was there was too much. So when Mary was at
school, I went and I shot it up. The pain I felt eclipsed even that of
the spider’s bite, it felt like I was shooting fire straight into my
body and as I looked down at my arm, I watched it bubble and char and
turn completely black before disappearing into ash. The blackness and
fire filled every inch of my body and I faded away into the sweet
release of death only to awaken the same morning of my relapse covered
in my own sweat. The memory of the incident fresh in my mind as Mary
came in and asked me to take her to school that morning.

Of course I thought it was only a dream, that it couldn’t be real so I
dropped her off at school then returned home. The shakes and need pushed
me towards that cabinet once more and the memory of that pain caused me
greater need for relief. I wish it was a dream but when that needle
entered my skin, the experience repeated itself once more just as
painful as before, and I awoke repeating the same morning again. I’d
like to say that was the last time I tried it but it wasn’t. I tried it
six more times in repeat succession before the idea of experiencing that
pain again beat out my need to fix my withdrawal.

So I figured I’d try another way, I’d have a drink instead. I cracked a
beer, took a sip and began to vomit. I vomited and vomited and did not
stop, I fell to my knees and still the liquid kept spewing forth from my
mouth. Do you have any idea how painful it is to die choking on your own
vomit while it continuously spills from your body? I do, and that
experience was enough to get me to stop trying to drink after the first
time.

Those were the first steps towards me getting sober. The next came three
days later, after the shakes began to disappear, my mind began to clear
and I began to process the horrors of my own life. The horrors of the
years I spent with Paul, the things he made me do. The things I made
myself do and the guilt of my murder of him. So I decided that Mary
would be better off without me, I wrote a note, said my goodbyes and
then I hung myself from my bedroom fan. Fate was kind enough to make
sure that I would not experience pain upon my attempts at death, but not
kind enough to grant it. For I woke up that same morning alive and
repeating the day again. I had no way out, no escape, I would have to
face my demons and myself no matter what happens.

So after many more attempts on my own life and my more attempts to
escape it through drugs, I eventually relented and became sober. It did
get easier eventually after enough days, though a part of me still
craves the sweet release of heroin so badly. But I got better and as I
got better, I was able to be a better mother to Mary, to be the best one
I could after all this time. I can hang my head proud of how I was able
to treat her for nearly the next two decades. Not only that but a
miracle seemingly happened. You see I went to the doctor and I was as
healthy as could be. My body somehow repaired itself perfectly upon
being sober. My liver regrew, my heart despite decades of cocaine use
was healthier than a marathon runner, I can smoke as many cigarettes as
I want and my lungs stay perfectly healthy. As far as the doctors know,
I am the healthiest human alive and have been for years now.

——-

“So that’s my story.” Mary’s mom said, lighting up another cigarette.
“Believe it or not, that’s up to you but I swear it’s the fucking truth
Sam and ya can check my doctors notes to verify. (Note I later did check
them and she has had zero health issues for nearly two decades.)

“Uh-huh.” I nodded along softly. “So you’re bane was the pain you felt
upon the drugs you did? And your boon was your eternal health?” I asked
as I finished and put out my own cigarette.

She chuckles at that before taking a long drag. “No Sammy, no. You got
it all backwards, the pain got me sober, it did what I asked, that was
my boon.”

“Then what was your bane?”

“Isn’t it obvious?” She asked inhaling the rest of the cigarette in one
more puff, before asking it. “ I said I want to always be there for my
daughter… I always will be and am doomed to live out every parent’s
worst nightmare. No matter what I do, or what happens to me, I will
outlive my daughter. That Sam, that is my bane.” She explained softly
and we fell into silence.

I’d love to end the story there, to end this update there on the
thematically cool line but that is not where that day ended. You see, I
exchanged some more pleasantries with her before I headed home to write
up this update. I went to begin typing it out, when I heard a knock on
my door. The knock that would delay me from updating for months, the
knock that would change my life forever. I got up and answered the door
to my apartment and there she was standing dressed in a white sundress.

“Hello Samantha, I’ve heard you’ve been asking about me?” Mary smiled at
me.
