When I was 12 or so, I would often go to my best friend’s house to hang
out. We’ll call him Jack. Jack had a large wooded area in his backyard
where we would often play and explore. It was very thick and dense, and
went very far back. Even going more than 30 feet or so in, you would no
longer be able to see his house. 

On one summer’s day, we finally convinced our parents to let us have a
sleepover after what had felt like years, even though it was probably
only a few weeks since our last one. 

During the day, we decided that once the sun set we were going to play
hide and seek in the woods with Jack’s older brother, Chase. Looking
back, this was a really dangerous idea because like I said before, those
woods were huge and thick and it would have been incredibly easy to get
lost or to trip and get injured, especially in the dark. 

There would be two seekers and one hider, and we all had flashlights.
The first two rounds we played were really fun and without any issues.
The third round, I was the hider. 

Jack and his brother gave me the standard 30 second head start, and I
dashed into the woods and went as far back as I could. The further back
I went, the thicker the woods got. The flashlight I was using was pretty
dim, so I was mainly relying on the moonlight to see, but the woods were
so dense in the part that I was in that the light was heavily
obstructed. 

Eventually, I found a large rock and hid behind it. I was there for a
few minutes, waiting for Jack and his brother to find me, until I heard
something. At first, I just thought I was just imagining it, or it was
just the sound of the crickets, but then I heard it again. 

Help…help meee. 

It was definitely somebody saying help me. Something was off about it. I
don’t know how to describe it but it sounded buzzier than it should
have. Terrified, I sat there frozen for a few more seconds and heard it
again and again. I realized it was Jack’s voice. 

I thought that maybe he was hurt and that’s why it sounded so weird, so
I ran to where the sound was coming from to help him. The sound was
coming from in front of me, deeper into the woods, which I thought was
odd because I had never heard anyone’s footsteps pass me. Before I could
reach the source of the noise, my flashlight turned off, and no matter
how many times I slammed it against my palm, it wouldn’t turn back on.

Battery must be dead, I thought. 

The moonlight was almost fully blocked out by the trees now, and having
no flashlight made it very hard to navigate. 

Eventually I came to this small clearing. This is where the voice was
coming from. In the distance, I saw a heap and thinking it was Jack,
immediately ran toward it. 

The closer I got though, the more I noticed was wrong. His limbs seemed
lankier than they should have, almost disproportionate to his body. This
was definitely not Jack. I wanted more than anything to turn and run as
fast as I could, but I couldn’t. I was paralyzed. No, not paralyzed, I
was still moving. To my horror, moving forward. I couldn’t stop.

“Help…Help meeee” it said again. I noticed its eyes were bright,
piercing yellow. 

It started slowly stretching out its long, bony arm toward me, its
spindly fingers about to wrap around me and pull me in when there was a
light from behind me. 

Someone was at the edge of the clearing with a flashlight calling my
name. It was Chase. The light distracted the creature and unfroze me. I
ran to him. His eyes were wide and shocked. I looked back into the
clearing. The thing was gone. My flashlight fluttered back to life,
illuminating the ground below me.

Chase grabbed my arm and looked me directly in the eye. “Don’t talk
about this to anyone. Do you understand me?” 

He was serious. Dead serious. I was already terrified and just relieved
the thing was gone and even though I had a million questions all I could
manage to get out of my mouth was, “y- yes…”

As we were walking back through the woods Jack saw us and exclaimed “Oh
you found him!” 

“Yeah…yeah I did” replied Chase in a lighter, but still disgruntled
tone. 

Later that night, me and Jack were sitting in his living room reading
comic books when I noticed something on the mantle above his fireplace.
There was a small figurine of a deer with unmistakable bright yellow
eyes.

I abruptly excused myself to the bathroom. I hadn’t told Jack what I had
seen in the forest. 

While walking to the bathroom, something caught my eye that stopped me
dead in my tracks. There was a painting hanging in the hallway. It
looked like an old, Leonardo da Vinci style painting. It was of a man,
sitting next to a pond with glowing yellow eyes. 

After that night, I never went back to Jack’s house. Eventually we kind
of grew apart, but we still maintain contact occasionally. 

I can’t help but think Chase knew something. He knew something Jack
didn’t. Something weird was happening at that house with that family and
thinking about it more, my curiosity has been sparked. I think I might
get back together with Jack and ask him some questions.

I’d love to hear any thoughts or theories you guys have, because I have
plenty myself.
