I live in a large apartment building in the middle of Tokyo. The
Building I live in has 12th floors. Every morning when I go to work, the
elevator always opens on the 6th floor. The doors open, but no one gets
in or out.
At first, I thought the elevator was faulty. But I noticed something.
When anyone else was inside the elevator with me. It wouldn’t stop and
would go straight to the ground floor.
To make things even worse, I asked my neighbour if she had experienced
the same thing.
She said it has never happened to her.
Every time the door opens, I get a chill down my back. I can’t work out
what it is, but something is wrong. Very Wrong.
***
It happened again tonight as I came home from work and rode the
elevator. It stopped again on the 6th floor as the door opened. I looked
out to see if there were any children around playing some kind of joke.
But nothing.
I pulled my head back in and waited for the doors to close. As they did,
I heard the voice of someone I hadn’t seen in years.
Hearing her voice again sent a wave of emotion through me. I started to
well up, and my hair stood on end.
The voice of Yuki Higashi. A girl I used to date. Almost asked her to
marry me.
We were high school sweethearts, dated for about 5 years until the
inevitable happened. We both went to colleges hours apart from each
other. In the final year of college, the relationship just fizzled out.
She was the best girlfriend I ever had. My dating life has been a mess
since then. I have pretty much given up on finding anyone long-term.
Haven’t been on a date in almost a year.
The last few months I have been lonely. Maybe it’s my mind playing
tricks on me. A kind of primal memory. Or maybe I’m just going insane?
***
This morning I could have sworn I saw her. The door opened on the 6th
floor, and just for a mere second as the doors opened, I could have
sworn I had seen her. She was standing in front of me wearing the blue
summer dress I bought her for her 18th birthday. I could smell her
perfume. My heart started beating out of my chest. But when I blinked,
she was gone.

My mind must be playing tricks on me. It can’t be her. The woman
standing in front of me hadn’t aged a day in 12 years, and there is no
way the dress could have lasted for 12 years. Without a single mark on
it?
When the elevator hit the ground floor. I decided to take a sick day and
start the weekend early. Something isn’t right with me. It couldn’t be
her. I need a vacation. A day to myself. A day away from my phone. I am
going to leave my stuff in a coin locker and spend the day walking along
the Arakawa River. Maybe that will fix my mind. If that doesn’t fix it.
Then tonight, I shall do what my forefathers have done in times of
trouble. Go to a bar and drink until I can’t remember.
***
As I walked along the river, I thought to myself. Maybe this is a sign
from the world to get back in contact with Yuki. Some kind of spiritual
link we have? Maybe she’s in trouble, or it’s fate.
When I got home, I switched my phone back on and saw the worst… She had
passed away a few months ago.
From the last of her photos. It looks like she was living in Tokyo. I
spent the rest of the night thinking what could have been between us and
wondering what ended her life so early.
If we had stayed together, we could have had children by now.
***
When I went to go to the store this morning, the elevator stopped again.
I heard her. She was calling to me.
“Sora.”
I stepped out of the elevator and followed the sound to room 604. When I
got closer to the door, the voice went silent.
I knocked on the door.
KNOCK, KNOCK.
But there was no answer.
As my hand reached for the lever. I felt her. Breathing on my neck. I
turned, but there was nothing.
I reached again for the door, and to my surprise it was open.
When I walked in. I knew the apartment had to be hers. The smell of the
room. The little knickknacks. How long had we been living in the same
building without us even knowing it?
Months, Years? We could have tried again. Dam it.
Her room, despite there being a little bit of dust, was perfect. As I
walked around, I felt a pain in my chest and my eyes watered. I kept
wondering what had taken her life. What we could have been.
I began searching for them and couldn’t believe she still used the same
books to write into. Blue campus notebooks for diaries. Rows were sat on
a bookshelf next to her bed.  Any moment she got, she was scribbling
inside them. Writing short stories, writing about her day, anything and
everything went inside the books.
I always wondered why she never became a writer. Hell, maybe she did for
all I know.
Grabbing the first book with the year when we started dating, I flicked
over to April. What I saw took my breath away. Pictures of us from our
first dates.
God, we looked so young and happy together. So young. Why didn’t I ask
her to marry me?
Reading how she felt about me put a lump in my throat. I kept reading
and reading. I spent hours reliving days I had completely forgotten
about. Days in high school with friends I haven’t spoken to since I left
the school. Days of romance, tests, and high school angst.
What I would give if the books could really take me there. Take me back
to a day when I could go back and tell her I loved her. Hold her one
more time. To relive those days. Tell her I loved her.
I kept reading and reading, smiling and laughing with every entry then.
I started getting to the days I dreaded to read. Dates of our breakup. I
wanted to fly through the pages and slap my younger self. Breaking up
with someone is hard enough. But having to read about how they felt
about it years later is even worse.
The last note that she wrote about our relationship almost broke me.
“Maybe we will find our way back to each other?”
I thought about reading how she spent the rest of her life. But I
couldn’t force myself to read them. She would have moved on and found
someone else during the years we were apart.
But I had to know one thing. What took her life so young? I grabbed the
last book on the shelf and looked for the last entry. Maybe that would
shed some light on what happened to her.
As I flicked to the final page. Only two words were written inside it.
“Save me”
As I finished reading. I heard her scream. Yuki was there, standing on
the edge of the balcony.
I called out to her, but it was too late. She leaned back and fell from
the edge. Running to the window, I almost smashed through the glass
trying to open the sliding door.
As I slid the glass door open, the sound of the city hit me. I looked
down over the edge, but there was nothing.

After a few minutes of looking everywhere I could see. I knew it was
another vision again. I went back into the room in the silence. Took the
picture of us when we were younger and left.
I don’t know what I saw. Whether my mind was playing tricks on me or if
it was really her. It’s been a few weeks since then, and the elevator
doesn’t stop anymore.
I don’t know what to do now, but every morning I wake up. look at the
picture and say, “I love you, Yuki.” It won’t bring her back, but it
makes me feel a little better, and it seems to have stopped the visions
for now, at least.
