I pride myself in the woman I have become, but there are memories that
persist and latch onto the subconscious. They crawl in my mind during
the night, leave me tired in the morning and, occasionally, they make me
fearful of my own home. Seeking help and liberation, I was blessed with
a therapist filled with endless patience and compassion. Following her
advice, I am now taking the time to write down what happened to me
twenty years ago, in hopes that its power will no longer hold me
hostage.

 

Back then, my father and I lived together. It was just the two of us, in
a small house in the country side. We were not close, but he was not
unfairly mean towards me most of the time. Even then, young as I was, I
could feel the resentment. He blamed me for what happened. He blamed me
for my mother’s death.

 

He did not treat me badly per se, but neither was he particularly
interested in my person. He never asked what cartoons I liked to watch,
what my favourite activities were or if I liked the food he had made. We
rarely spent father-daughter time together, in fact, I spent most of my
time in my bedroom, playing with old toys my grandmother had given me.
This dynamic rendered me a lonely, vulnerable little girl, and most
likely facilitated the events that transpired.

 

Every night without exception, my dad would walk up to the door of my
bedroom and say plainly:

“It’s eight, time for bed.”

 

I would never receive so much as a bedtime story or a kiss on my
forehead, not even a “sleep well”, or a pat on the shoulder. It was
routine, bland and mechanical. I would turn off the light, crawl under
my blanket and rub my face on my stuffed bunny until I fell asleep.

 

The pattern was broken when, on one particularly stormy night, I awoke
to a foreign sound. I sat up and squinted through the darkness of my
room. My closet door was shut and so was the one leading to the hallway
and my toys were on the floor where I had left them. Everything looked
as usual, until my eyes scanned over what was not. Through the window, a
bright flash of lightning briefly illuminated what looked like a face.
Suddenly overtaken by fear, I gasped, quickly lied back down and pulled
the blanket over my face. Thunder rumbled and shook the unstable
bedframe under me.

 

“Dad will be angry with me if I wake him up,” I thought.

 

Ever so slowly, I peeked my eye out of the covers and risked a look at
the window again. There, in the bottom left corner, was the head of a
woman. As afraid as I was, I could not bring myself to move or hide.
Tears of fear filled my eyes as I tried to examine her face. She was
staring right at me with wide, almost circular eyes that were too far
apart. Her head was almost devoid of hair, except for a few sparse tuffs
of what looked like fuzz.

 

The look of her deformed face disgusted me. Her jaw was inches longer
than it should have been, making her chin brush against her sternum.
From what I could see, the woman had no nose, but had two little holes
in the center of her face. Despite her oddities, I was sure that her
features were definitely feminine.

 

Even with the sound of the pounding rain, she slowly tilted her head to
the side as she was seemingly able to hear my quiet sniffling. Then, she
calmly turned and lowered herself until her head was no longer visible
from my bed. As she did so, I saw that whoever this person was had no
ears, but had two holes on the sides of her head instead.

 

It took me a few minutes to muster up the courage to walk up to the
window. I had to make sure she was really gone. The cold floor felt like
needles under my feet. I dragged the step stool to my window and, after
stepping on it and pulling my head over the edge of the frame, I
confirmed that she was truly gone. Endless fields and faraway trees were
all I could see. I looked down to the ground and felt dizzy from the
height. The yard looked so far down from the second story window. There
was no way a person could reach my window from all the way down there.

 

I chose not to wake up my dad and decided that I would tell him about it
in the morning instead. I squeezed my bunny tighter around me and, as
the hour passed, my shaky breaths became steadier and I drifted off to
sleep.

#

My dad was already in the living room when I woke up. I walked down the
stairs and found him in the living room, sitting in his recliner like he
did every morning.

 

“Dad?” I said tentatively. “Can I tell you something?”

 

Absorbed in his newspaper, he ignored me, so I tried again.

 

“Dad, there was a woman…” I trailed off.

 

He took a loud sip of his steaming black coffee and hissed. The smell
disgusted me. Still, he did not turn to me. Frustrated, I walked up to
the recliner and pulled myself up with the harm rest to get his
attention. As I did so, dad’s arm shook and his cup tipped, spilling
burning liquid all over his arm and shirt.

 

“What?” dad demanded, irritated. “What’s with you?”

 

He stood up and angrily made his way to the kitchen, where he poured his
coffee down the drain and tossed the empty cup in the sink. He ran his
hands and wrists under the cold water without turning to look at me. Dad
was angry and I could feel that I was close to bursting into tears, but
I needed him to listen.

 

“I saw a woman last night! She was looking at me through the window, I
swear!” I tried to explain, waving my arms around.

 

“Nonsense,” he replied plainly.

 

“I swear! She was there, dad! Her eyes were huge and she was staring at
me!” I was fighting tears. Why didn’t he believe me? He was supposed to
protect me.

 

“There was nobody there, Beck,” Dad said firmly. “Your room’s on the
second floor. Do you know how high that is? You had a nightmare, that’s
all.”

 

“But… But I’m not lying. I really saw-” I began again.

 

“Enough, Rebecca!” he cut me off before I could finish. “Go to your
room, I have to clean this up.”

 

He did not look back at me, nor did I say another word. He furiously
scrubbed his light blue shirt to get the coffee stain out, so I turned,
walked to my bedroom and shut the door. Maybe there really was nothing
to worry about. There was a storm last night and I was scared of the
dark after all. It could have been an owl, though even at my age, I knew
I was making up comforting lies. I cried a lot that day; none of my toys
managed to comfort me.

 

That was the first time I saw her. I wish my dad had believed me. It
took him years to apologize, years of self hatred and destruction. He
never forgave himself and, truth be told, I do not know if I can bring
myself to forgive him either.

#

In the two weeks following the first encounter, I would see the woman
periodically. She would not be there every night, but when she was, her
behavior remained the same. That was, until one night during the third
week.

 

That time, I had managed to fall asleep without tossing and turning. The
woman had been gone for a few nights in a row, so I felt more secure.
Unfortunately, I was jolted awake by to a loud thud against the wall of
my bedroom. I sat up, my chest rising and falling rapidly.

 

“Hello?” I said reflexively.

 

Nobody answered, of course. I had expected as such, but the word had
come out on its own. I froze, because in the corner of my vision, I saw
something I knew had no place in my bedroom. I turned to face it, eyes
wide and terribly afraid. She was there. The was inside. She was
crouched on the chair in the corner of my room. She did not move, nor
did she say anything.

 

We stared at each other as the minutes passed, though it might have been
mere seconds. I was too afraid to be sure. All I could hear was the
sound of my own panicked breathing. Was I supposed to talk to her? She
was a stranger, one who had broken into my house. By all logic, she was
a threat, but she was not doing anything, she just sat there.

 

After some time, she very slowly lifted her arm out of the shadows. Her
hand inched towards me, illuminated by the moonlight coming through my
window that now stood wide open. I could see that her fingers were too
long, too thin. They looked wrong, but I could not figure out why. When
she rotated her bony wrist, I saw that each of her fingers had an extra
knuckle. I felt disgusted at the sight and, being a child, I did not
know how to hide the expression from my face.

 

This seemed to anger the woman, because she suddenly stood and let out a
raspy, high pitched grunt. For the first time, I was able to see her
properly. Horrified, I backed up against the wall and pulled my blanket
higher over myself. Her expression was unreadable. It was as if her
features did not have the ability to reflect emotions. She rose to her
full height, her misshapen head dragging against the ceiling and forcing
her neck to bend uncomfortably. Her legs were far too thin and her knees
seemed to stretch the skin around them, making it look like lizard skin.
Despite her frail looking limbs, the woman took three steady steps
forwards and leaned forward until her head stood right above mine,
barely a foot from my face.

 

With unexpected, unsettling gentleness, she slowly caressed my chin with
the tip of her cold, waxy finger. I was unable to contain my tears any
longer. I began to sob uncontrollably. I was backed up against the wall,
completely terrified and at the mercy of something I could not
comprehend. I wanted to scream, wanted to bite or hit her. I needed to
get away from her. She did not push, instead, her finger retreated and
she simply stood there motionless, studying me. In a way, the woman did
not really feel malicious, but this did nothing to ease my fear. I took
a deep breath in and screamed:

 

“Dad! Dad, please! She’s here, the woman. She’s in my room! Help me!”
The words tumbled out of my mouth as mucus covered my nose and lips.

 

I shut my eyes and covered them with my hands. I had no desire to see
her anymore. I heard dad’s bedroom door swing open and his footsteps
thundered down the hallway. When he entered my room, the commotion I
expected never came. I lowered my hands and risked opening my eyes
slowly. The woman was gone. There was nothing in my room and my window
was no longer open.

 

I could see on dad’s face that he was furious. He looked at me as if to
say: “What now?” and stood there for a few seconds, staring at me with
wide open eyes. Then, without a word, he shook his head, left my room
and shut my door. I heard his heavy footsteps down the hall, then his
bedroom door slammed shut. How could she have left that fast? I didn’t
even hear her leave, it was impossible.

 

I never tried to get dad to help me after that night. In fact, whenever
I cried out or called for him, he would not even answer me. I would hear
him sit up in bed each time I startled him awake, but I knew he did not
believe me, knew he was not going to come. I knew he did not care enough
to try.

#

I was defenseless. I was a child with no friends, no family, nobody to
protect me from whoever this scary woman was. This felt incredibly
unfair to me. So when she began speaking to me, I had no choice but to
stay there and listen.

 

“He..llo…” she croaked. Her voice was quiet and hoarse. It sounded like
she had not spoken in years. Yet, for a reason I could not understand,
her voice had a sort of comforting tone. Still, I did not reply.

 

“Can you.. hear me?” she continued.

 

I nodded, one slow motion, but I did not speak.

 

“Your dad. He treats you.. bad. He screams.. at you,” strained whispers
made each of her words sound like a challenge for her.

 

My defenses lowered slowly and I decided to listen to what she wanted to
say.

 

“Do you have a mother?” she asked.

 

I shook my head.

 

“What happened to her?” she asked tentatively.

 

“She died when I was born. Dad said it was my fault… He

said I made her body sick. I didn’t want mom to die…” I explained
quietly, trying to justify myself.

 

“It wasn’t your fault…” the woman reassured.

 

Though I still could not decipher her facial expressions, I thought I
could sense sympathy in her bright, big yellow eyes. Slowly, she stood
from the chair and came to my bed. I started to back away, but she made
no attempt to touch me or grab me this time. She simply sat down on the
corner furthest from me. I could not understand why a monster was being
so gentle with me after tormenting me for so many nights. The gentleness
with which she treated me that night made me feel guilty for calling her
a monster, but that is what she was, it had to be.

 

“I had a daughter… Like you. She was very little, with long brown hair
just like yours,” the woman confessed.

 

“What happened to her?” I found myself asking without thinking.

 

“A boy pushed her in the river and… she never rose back up. I tried to
help, but I can’t swim well… and I couldn’t find her in the water,” her
voice was filled with sadness as she told me her story.

 

“I’m so sorry,” I replied quietly.

 

“Becky always loved the river…” she said, mostly to herself.

 

I did not reply. I just waited to see if she would speak again. The
woman stayed silent for a few minutes. Her eyes trailed onto the floor.
For the first time, it was as if she struggled to look at me.

 

“Do you like birds? What about foxes?” she asked.

 

The question caught me off guard, but I had no reason to lie to her.

 

“Yes. I like animals a lot,” I replied. “Sometimes, I can see raccoons
and deer walk in the field through my window. I think they live in the
woods.”

 

The woman smiled and her eyes narrowed.

 

“They do. I see them every day around my house,” she explained.

 

“Why do you come here during the night if you have a house?” I asked,
confused.

 

She ignored my question and asked one of her own instead.

 

“Your dad, do you like him?” she said, leaning forward on the bed.

 

I had to think about my answer. Kids are supposed to love their parents,
so I know I would be supposed to like my dad. The more I thought about
it, though… The less convinced I became. Parents are supposed to love
their kids more than anything in the world and I was sure that my dad
did not. He was unpleasant most days, and mean to me the rest of the
time. Is that what love is supposed to feel like?

 

“No,” I replied plainly. “I don’t like him.”

 

The intruder shifted her weird feet against my bed. She had three long
toes pointing forward and an equally long one coming from where her heel
should be. They were as long as my forearm and had rings of thick skin
around them. If anything, they looked very alike bird feet.

 

“You could live with me instead, in my house,” the woman offered. “We
can look at the animals every day. I will never be mean like your dad, I
promise.”

 

I looked at her, incredulous. I did not reply, I had no idea of what to
say. I was tempted to accept, I really thought about it. Is that bad? Am
I a bad daughter? Dad said I was. Maybe he was right.

 

“You can be my daughter, and I can be your new mommy,” she continued.
“Would you like that?”

 

“No… No I can’t do that,” I replied. “My dad will be worried and he will
call the police. I’m scared of them and everyone will be mad at me for
leaving…” I trailed off.

 

She did not reply right away, but her eyes stayed fixed right on me. The
softness they held was gone and, though I could not make it out clearly,
I was sure I felt some sort of disgust and indignation in her gaze.

 

“Come… To my house,” she said in a threatening voice, several octaves
lower than before.

 

The uncertainty in her voice was gone, and so was the motherly comfort I
had previously felt. She no longer appeared like a heartbroken mother.
Her words were sure and measured, each of them held crushing weight that
made me sink further into the mattress.

 

“Rebecca…” she threatened in a deep croaky voice.

 

I tried to pull the blanket over my chin, but her weight on the edge of
my bed made it impossible. She anchored both of her feet on my mattress
and stood up. She looked monstrous, horrifying. The odd beauty she held
was completely gone. Her skin looked sticky, grey and cracking. Puss
oozed from each crack and soaked into my blanket. Her knees now tore
through the skin that once covered them.

 

“Rebeccaaa…” she said, more threatening this time. “Come… “

 

“No!” I yelled. “I won’t!”

 

Her back brushed against the overhead light fixture as she stood up,
pressing it fully into the ceiling. I could hear the bones cracking in
her back as each vertebrae fought to stretch and straighten. She was
towering over me, the upper half of her body completely above mine.

 

She lowered her head and leaning in closer to my face. Her bright yellow
eyes seemed to pierce the darkness and deep red rims encircled her
irises. I could feel her raw anger through them. What used to look like
lips parted and she took deep angry breaths through her clenched yellow
teeth, letting out gusts of foul smelling steam with each breath. She
was not human, I always knew that. Lying to myself was easier than to
confront the fact that monsters were real and that one was in my
bedroom. I wanted to hide under the bed, but I was unable to go
anywhere.

 

Thick, pungent liquid dripped from her mouth and burned my face. I
lifted my hands in an attempt to wipe it off, but she grabbed both of my
arms with unexpected strength. She stepped back down onto the floor and
pulled me with her, but I fought, kicked and bit at her sour tasting
fingers until she had no choice but to let go.

 

“Go away!” I screamed. “Leave me alone!”

 

The monster’s skin covered beak turned into a grotesque malevolent
smile, just before I felt her foot wrap around one of my ankles. She
gave a sharp tug and my body went flying towards her. My head slammed
against my dresser and I felt warm liquid leaking into my hair. My body
felt weak: I was too young, too small to fight the beast that she was.
That was it. I had never thought about dying before, but I knew this was
the moment death was coming for me.

 

Her grip on my leg got tighter, I knew I would not be able to break
free. With steady balance, she hopped towards the window on her other
foot. She leaned forward, opened the window and began pulling her upper
body through the opening. She was going to take me away and there was
nothing I could do.

 

Once most of her body was out, she raised her free leg, wrapped the toes
around the frame and began pulling me towards the window. I knew I only
had seconds left; this was my last chance. With one last exploding
effort, I grabbed my nightstand with both hands and began pulling on it
as hard as I could. I strained and grit my teeth, pulling harder. I
screamed and the nightstand slammed to the ground. My lamp crashed
against the hardwood flood and sent glass shattering through the room. I
hoped the commotion had been loud enough.

 

I heard my dad wake up and storm out of his bedroom towards mine. I
tried to use my knees to keep the monster from pulling me out of the
window. “Come on, just a few more seconds…” I thought.

 

“HELP! DAD, PLEASE HELP!” I screamed at the top of my lungs. My voice
came out as a screech, louder than anything I had ever let out before.

 

Dad came barging into the room. The door slammed against the wall and I
heard him yell from behind me.

 

“What the hell is going on in here!” he screamed, before cutting himself
off.

 

“Help me, dad! You have to help me!” I cried, frantic and terrified.

 

I heard him run down the hallway and kick down his closet door. Seconds
later, a series of loud crashes resonated through my bedroom. The sound
was deafening, but I kept screaming for him to save me. Splinters of
wood flew all around us and I heard the window shatter. The smell of
burnt gunpowder filled the room and made me choke. My body finally
tumbled to the floor. My leg burned and I could feel blood quickly
rushing out of wounds I did not dare to look at. I could feel flaps of
skin moving, but I refused to think about what that would imply. I
glanced weakly at the window; she was gone.

 

My dad held me tight around him, muttering words that I could not
completely make out, but that I believed were endless apologies, pleas
for forgiveness and promises that it would be okay. Seconds later, I
lost consciousness and faded into darkness.

#

I never saw the woman again after that night, and my dad and I moved far
away. I had to get my left leg amputated above the knee and the police
had a lot of question for me. They thought my dad had tried to hurt me.
They were very insistent on it, but after I kept repeating that it was
not him, that a monster tried to take me away, they concluded that an
intruder had come into our house and tried to kidnap me. I did not
argue, I knew they would not believe the truth no matter how much I
insisted.

 

I’m twenty-six now and I have been in therapy for years. They never
believed the monster part, but I knew they would not. My therapist
wanted to put me on antipsychotics, but I know what I saw. I remember
what the claws felt like as they pierced through my skin, how the stray
bullets burned when they hit my foot. I accepted the fact that, from now
on, if I wanted to talk about my experience, I would need to pretend
like the intruder was a regular human.

 

The thought that other children might have been tormented by this beast
is impossible to bear. I wonder how many were successfully ripped away
from their families and the thought horrifies me. I search online from
time to time. I do research, try to find other people’s stories about
the monster that almost got me, but I have not yet found anything that
could give me a definitive answer.

 

During one of my sleepless nights of digging through the internet, I
read about a supernatural being that might be what attached itself to
me. I do not know if it truly is what attempted to take me twenty years
ago, or if it is simply a coincidence, but it is the closest explanation
I ever found and I do not see anything else ever coming as close to it.

 

To summarize it, in Chinese mythology, the Guhuoniao, or Guhuo Bird, is
a spirit that forms itself from the spirits of women who died in
childbirth. They are supposed to present themselves as women during the
day, then transform into birds or bird hybrids at night. According to
the myth, the Guhuo Bird would take newborns and children away, planning
to raise them as their own, as they are unable to carry children
themselves. The stories differ depending on the sources, though, so it
could be just another myth.

 

I feel better now, liberated. I will forever be left with endless
questions, and my prosthesis is a constant reminder of what happened to
me, but I survived, thanks to my father. I will never have the chance to
thank him, but I really hope he knew that I would not be here if he had
not saved me that night. He drank himself to death a month after I moved
out of the house, back when I was only seventeen. He never forgave
himself, but I forgive you, dad.

 

 
