I lived in a townhouse with my friend and his brother and mother, for
some context I was homeless and they were helping me out with room and
board for a very reasonable amount. I tried to bring this up with my
friend before and he refused to talk about it with me. He said it freaks
him out to think about it even to this day so I didn’t push the issue
but I was thi king about it today and ill explain what I’ve actually
just recently discovered after my story.

I was down in the basement doing some laundry one day and I started to
hear what sounded like 4 distinct entities speaking amongst themselves.
I dont know how I knew it was 4 but I am quite sensitive to spiritual
things. These entities sounded like they were plotting something or
preparing something malevolent which will soon become apparent.

At this point I became pretty creeped out and started to put my clothes
in the dryer as fast as I could muster. Behind me to the right there was
a corner of the basement that had a light fixture and the bulb exploded.
Freaked tf at this point I began to quickly climb the stairs and you
have to go up a set and theres a landing and then up another set. As I
am turning to go up the next set I look down the stairs and clear as day
I see what looks like some sort of owl shaman spirit with wiggly arms
shaking rattles. I book it up the stairs terrified now and I swear on
the last 3 steps I was picked off the stairs and flung into the hallway
wall. I hear this laughter like in my head and ears the same laugh as
that Alex Jones video of bohemian grove with the molech statue. Ive
heard it also in like a led zeplin song its very creepy.

After this incident many more terrifying things began to occur in the
townhouse, there seemed to be this darkness in the walls that was
absolutely petrifying when it was present usually at night but not
limited to. Also there was a rolly polly creepy witch lady in the
kitchen that would hide in impossible places. I’d catch glimpses of her
rolling out of the corner of my eye and you’d see her dark beady eyed
behind the stove or dishwasher. The girl in the white dress. A paper
dark angel in the corner of the front doorway only visible in my
phonescreen once (black mirror). I saw a grim reaper too skinny to
explain that came out of the light fixture made of pink light. I saw a
pink orb circling inside the fixture and then it just sort of projected
itself was as tall as the ceiling to the floor walked towards me bowed
and then walked backwards and vanished back into the light fixture.

In the basement there were shadow people always sitting under the stairs
and the lightbulb in the corner would always shatter when replaced. I
eventually smudged the entire home with sweet grass like my grandparents
taught me and the activity stopped but it was like just dormant waiting
for the next opportunity to show up again.

This is a true story I was not the only one there yo experience it many
of my friends had experienced the terrors of that townhouse we would all
see the same stuff.

Here’s what really freaks me out about it all I was on another reddit
page and came across a scary story about a wife who experienced the
entity in the tight spaces and came to find out its a Japanese demon of
folk lore Sukima-onna. As well as the owl guy Tatarimokke. I did some
further research and found this Onmyōdō involved practitioners called
Onmyōji, who used complex rituals, astrology, and charms to bind and
command spirits known as Shikigami. People also engaged in folk
divination games like Kokkuri-san. And someone was trying to bind the
spirits with shinto hence the paper angel in the doorway.
