People had lot of conspiracy theories about this one. A meteor fell with
a strange sighting of UFO, and people were swearing they saw several
thin bodies with triangular heads leaving the strange air craft to the
middle of my town (obviously I cannot disclose it) and it turned out
quiet a spectacle. People in my town will not forget in decades to come
as various CNN, FOX, BBC and other media’s correspondents flew in flock
to see the deep pit in the ground where the alleged UFO landed.

I was among them. It was a quiet a sight and even though I was facing a
depressive period of my life (contract as a tenure professor ending,
fortieth birthday approaching, separation with husband etc etc), the
sight brought star of wonders circulating around my head.

I had always been a fantasy-merged child and as a grown up, I used to
find normalcy in everything extraordinary.

“It must be the aliens,” I whispered, among the excited voices and sound
of camera flashes.

“Yes, sure!” A kid near me rolled his eyes.

I called my estranged husband but he was annoyed when he picked up.
“Grace, you need to stop calling like that. I’m in the middle of work.
Why aren’t you, now?”

I didn’t want to tell him about those only three students who signed up
for Reproductive Endocrinology with me this semester.

“They all are here. The whole town is here.”

I wanted him to stay on phone, say something…nice, but then he turned
off the phone, grunting about being busy and I sighed. A child was
squeaking and pointing toward the brown ditch while his mother was
trying to exercise control over him.

The scene brought a grimace to my mouth. One of the thing that brought
the cloud of gloom over me.

I drove back to my home and prepared coffee for myself, thinking of
starting my new experiment with an urchin when I heard a rustle in the
back of my house. Thinking it was a raccoon or a bat, I lazily drew away
the curtain. That was when I gasped.

A shadow of man was on the rear wall of my back yard. The figure was
hiding behind bushes–I as sure. For a second, I panicked. My thoughts
racing from burglar to a serial killer when I realized the shadow was
too strange to be a man’s.

It was lean, almost to the point of a famine-struck people I saw in a
documentary about poverty-struck areas in Kenya.

It was too thin with strange arms and deformed head. I saw the bushes
quiver and then a bony green body emerged, shivering in fright.

I nearly fell on my back when I back-peddled.

It was the alien.

For few minutes the strange figure from the space and I stared at each
other. Then slowly, the alien rose up from my plants. A green bony
figure of almost six feet, the alien stared at me through its big black
eyes with grey lashes. With shaking long three fingers, it pointed at
apple tree and I nearly squealed. Was it telling me if it was hungry?

Mouth dried, I nodded at it. A warm feeling of ease spread through me,
as the alien stepped forward with its hoof like lower limbs. I stared at
it, transfixed as it easily touched the most beautiful one and plucked
it from the tree. With hands rolling around the red fruit, the alien
began to nibble fast, and looked here and there.

My house is at the end of the street and its without any close neighbors
so the alien was safe in my back garden without inviting any curious
peek from outside. The walls were also big, so a thin chance of any
discovery by a passer-by.

When the alien had finished its apple, it took a few steps back, only to
step on the mouse-trap that I had set up and it made a strange echo-like
sound. For a minute blood oozed out: a normal human like red viscous
blood, and as soon as it had pried its foot with three fingers from the
trap, the blood stopped too.

I was spell bound as I stared at the miracle of self-healing and I also
noted that the echo of the alien had not alerted any of the other
species in vicinity. If there were others, they were not nearby…

The alien looked at me, my face with compassion and understanding, and
bowing slightly, it cowered back to behind the bushes. I pulled the
curtain back, steadying my breath and controlling my handshakes. My mind
raced fast to make sense of the situation.

Needless to say I couldn’t sleep, my hand hovering over phone, dialing
the emergency number mid-way and then texting and erasing messages to my
husband several times.

So the sun came back, illuminating the Earth, exposing it of its secrets
and with it came the idea to form a bond with the alien. When I went
back to the rear garden, the alien was still there, lurking behind the
bushes, but this time it was looking shyly at me, with its figure more
relaxed than before.

We stayed together in my back garden nervously for a while and when I
prepared the breakfast, I prepared extra: for my new guest.

I was very nervous when I went to my university and tried to look casual
as I raided some of the chemicals and glass tubes.

“Somebody’s setting up research elsewhere.”

“Well, I did catch some mice. Might be nice, if I try out the tests at
home too. This way I can do more sampling…” My colleague and Research
Associate Dr. Andy looked impress with me.

When I went home, my husband was already in the living room, white faced
and trembling head to foot.

“You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” I told him.

“There’s…there’s an …alien in your back yard.”

I internally cussed as I carefully setup my lab bag on the dining table.

“Don’t tell me you scared off her!”

“Her.”

“Well, it’s a she. You can see she’s pregnant. Heavily.”

“You know this?” He looked deranged.

“You didn’t call someone?” I asked, peeking at the big glass door that
opens to the back garden.

“I just go there…what shall we do?” He started to the door. “Come on.
Let’s run from here while I call…”

“Stay put.” I said, taking out morphine and injection.

“Are you out of your mind? Its a damn alien out there.”

“Its harmless.” I said, widening my arms.

“You can’t be serious!” He looked at me like I was mad. “What do you
want to do? Make a pet of it? We need to inform the authorities.”

“Can’t you see the potential? I have got myself a life test model that
has reproductive capabilities with marvelous self-healing properties. A
little research at it and it can give us…everything. Perhaps I can find
a cure for infertility…especially for a woman like me with scar
tissues.” I nearly chocked.

My husband’s eyes bulged.

“Help me overpower her. She’s pretty hungry.” I reasoned, pleadingly. “I
have already given her breakfast laden with my sleeping tablets. They
worked, it means, perhaps their physiology is quiet like us if not the
anatomy. It’s still drowsy…but hungry. Of course, given her condition!
We just cajole her to take another morsel, I brought heavy dose of
morphine…come’on…You must see the possibility…the wonder it can do to
science, to humanity…to us!”

My husband stared at me for a while while I held his eyes. After few
minutes, he jerked his head and ran to the room.

I had qualms, of course, as the alien took shy steps toward me, blinking
and trying to make eye-contact while my husband prepared the bed and
ropes for my new test-subject.

Anything for science…

Anything for a child…
