I’m going to try to tell this story in a way that’s most accurate to how
I remember it. Keep in mind I will be adding some thoughts I’ve had
about these events since.

Hello. It’s been a couple of years since I returned from Whiteridge in
the upstate. I was 18, and I had never been to the country. I had spent
most of my life in New York City, specifically New Rochelle, which is a
suburb of it. I had grown up in an upper-middle class household (as much
as I had tried to deny it to sound tough), and my parents thought I was
always coddled. So they sent me way up through the upstate to a small
town called Whiteridge.

Whiteridge is a pretty small town shaded by a massive forest. I believe
it’s to the northwest of Lake Ontario, although I would have to check.
Like any teen would, I complained, but my dad said it would toughen me
up before I went out west to college.  I think they just wanted me out
of the house for a summer, as it was my parent’s 20th anniversary around
that time. 

Regardless, our contact there was an old family friend named Mark Ryan.
My parents and him were neighbors in Washington D.C (we moved away when
I was four, but my parents had lived there prior to my birth for 6
years). Mark was a carpenter when my parents had known him, but he moved
to Whiteridge about two years after my parents left D.C to become a
logger. My parents told me that these days he’s mostly retired, and
produces firewood. Mark was in his early 60s, and needed something to do
with his time. 

The drive up there was long and sort of somber. I didn’t even have a
drivers license at that time (you don’t really need one in NYC), so my
dad drove me. I was angry at him for the ride up. The drive felt a lot
shorter than it actually was. 
When we arrived in Whiteridge, everything seemed so… dry. It was about
2:00, and the streets of the town were empty. I’m not sure what I
expected, because it had less than 2,000 residents. I went into a Circle
K to get some Nerds Gummy Clusters, and we moved on, as Mark’s place was
a ways away.

Arriving at our final destination outside Mark’s wood cabin, my dad
eagerly got out of the car, and hugged a pleasant looking Mark. I was
still sulking, but I got out to meet the man. He was a little taller
than me, with a head full of thick black hair, although the white was
creeping up. He had a scraggly beard that saw the same whiteness as his
hair. He looked rather normal, until I got to his eyes. They were blue,
a pretty regular shade of blue, but what surprised me were the bags
under his eyes. Huge creases had formed under them, but those weren’t
enough to hide the grayness. My dad commented on this. “Haven’t been
sleeping well?” Mark chuckled. “These last couple days it’s been
thundering. Lucky the clouds disappeared when you two came along.” My
dad smiled, and looked down at me. “Well, Cart, get used to this place.
Make sure to call or text every now and then.” I said nothing. My dad
said to Mark, “He’s… not always like this,” and Mark said, “Oh, I’m sure
I’ll get him to open up.” My dad put his hands on his hips. “I better
get going. I’ll stay longer when I pick Cart up, I promise!” and Mark
said, “Don’t worry about it. You have a good one!” Dad waved goodbye,
and just like that, he was off.

“So, can I call you Cart?” I looked at the man. I coldly said,
“Carter’ll do.” “Right, right. Sorry.” said Mark. He was trying his
hardest. Looking back, I can tell I was just being an angsty teen. 
The interior of his house was actually pretty nice. I would be sleeping
upstairs, which led from some steep stairs straight into a small
bedroom. A small window peeked outside to the backyard, which I saw for
the first time when unloading my stuff. It was surrounded by a thick
forest. I assumed some of the trees had been cut down for Mark’s part
time job, but even so… it was so thick. 
“Well, got any questions?” Mark said. I asked if I had to work today.
“No, no. I’ll get you to work when I think you’ve settled in.” I was
relieved to hear this, being as lazy as I was. 

Three days passed, and not much had happened with me. I had pretty much
been on my phone nonstop. Texting friends, watching Youtube or whatever.
It got pretty boring. On this fourth day, I decided I wanted to do
something. So, instead of working, I adventured out into the forest. 
It was midmorning, and the sun tried its hardest to shine through the
thick smog that was the leaves of these trees. The ground was rocky and
slippery at times, but my shoes had a good grip, so I had no problem. I
had explored some forests as a kid when visiting my grandparents, but
none like this. It seemed almost untouched. I eventually got lost, but I
wasn’t too worried, considering how early it was. I eventually found a
hill, and tried to climb to its summit. It was tough. Time and time
again, I slipped. I eventually used some rocks to my advantage to climb
to the top of the summit. When I reached the top, it felt… like nothing.
It’s not like I could see anything because of how many trees there were.
I sighed and tried to make my way back home. 

At this point it was about noon. I was lost, but I was vaguely sure I
went east, so I tried to return west using the sun as a compass. Walking
through the trees, I felt a shudder go down my spine. I looked around. I
could’ve sworn I saw a black figure. Then my head swelled. It ached a
lot. I saw spots like I had just gotten up from sitting too fast, except
it went on for much longer. Tons of colors clouded my vision. I shook my
head nonstop. Then, just like that, it… went away. I saw a figure
towering over me. At the bottom of its neck was a hole, leading into
something… wonderful. I blinked, and it was gone. I hardly remembered
what it looked like, as I was so disoriented. It was just a black blob
that lumbered four feet above me. One thing I could remember though, was
in its neck. It was colors, incomprehensible to me. I didn’t understand
what about colors could make them incomprehensible, but somehow those
ones were.

I made it back to Mark’s cabin. I hid in my room for the rest of the
day, only coming out for dinner around the fire. I was seriously freaked
out. Mark could tell. “Did you have a run-in with a bear or something?”
he asked. “I… this thing gave me a fucking seizure” His eyes were wide.
“A thing, you say… Could you be a bit more descriptive?” I didn’t know
how else to describe it. “It was big, like as tall as a tree, and
completely dark, except for a spot on its neck…” A lightbulb lit in
Mark’s brain at the moment, I could tell.

“There was a legend from colonial times (so we’re talking hundreds of
years ago) about a creature up here. Supposedly, a Dutch explorer got
lost all the way up here. He never returned. Legend has it that he
encountered the same thing you’re talking about. It’s called the
Boxman. 

It’s a smaller legend, but I’ve seen my fair share of cryptid hunters
come up here looking for the thing. Most don’t find it. The Boxman only
shows for certain people. Why he only shows for certain people and what
those people have in common, I don’t know. 

There’s only been one eyewitness account. Man’s name was… uhm…” He
thought for a good second. “I can’t remember his name. Go and sue me.
Anyway, he lived here around the late 70s. He ventured slightly outta
the town and got completely lost. That’s when he met the thing. 
He described it as being giant, the height of a small building, with a
navel at the bottom of its neck a lot like how you described it, except
he said there was a mesmerizing pattern. He said that it spoke a garbled
mess into his head that he could remember understanding at the time, but
what it actually was, he couldn’t remember. He named it ‘the boxman’
because he felt like looking into the hole in its neck was like looking
into Pandora’s Box.” 

I was pretty freaked by this. I was always gullible, to be honest.
W…what happened? Like to him?” I said, shocked. 

Mark leaned back. “He mighta been faking it, mighta not.” He opened his
eyes more. “Are you faking?” I wasn’t actually sure if what he was
telling me was true or not. “Anyway, I wouldn’t trust the dude. He was
accused of assaulting his partner three weeks later, supposedly. Before
the accusation, he was only inside. He must’ve had that poor woman tied
up or something.  Went to jail a couple months for that one. He
seriously messed her up too, because for each interview, she gave a
different response for what happened.” I was pretty freaked out, but he
smiled. “Ahhh, quit being so serious. I thought kids these days were
more skeptical! With the internet and everything.” He paused. “Are you
sure you’re…  okay?” I actually was not sure. “I, uh…” Mark patted me on
the shoulder. “I gotta go into town tomorrow, anyway. I’ll get you
checked up while I’m down there. For now, try to rest.”

The next day was pretty boring. We went to the “downtown” of Whiteridge,
where you could see the tiny suburbs and large forests even from the
town square. He bought his groceries for the week which were, to my
chagrin, pretty basic, organic stuff. I did still get some Nerds Gummy
Clusters, though.

When we went down to the doctor (who’s name was Dr. Thompson), after
about two hours, she couldn’t prove there was anything wrong with me. I
saw that as a relief at the time, but I should’ve been more concerned. I
left a lot less worried, but I’m not sure why I was so relieved. I had
still seen that creature, the Boxman. At the time, I thought it was a
result of a lack of sleep, or dehydration, or maybe a sickness that had
gone away overnight. Whatever it was, I wasn’t worried.

The day after was the day I began working. I was worried about it being
hard, but I also found that I was doing nothing better, so I decided to
give it a shot. 
I had to be taught how to actually use the axe, but once I got th

e hang of it, it wasn’t particularly hard. It wasn’t very hot that
summer. It also was a good way to get out my anger. Putting all of your
muscle into cutting a block in two was almost therapeutic.  I was
initially shocked to find myself enjoying it, and that enjoyment would
only increase. Hearing the sound of the wood splitting was addictive to
me the same way drugs were to some of the bums I had seen in the Bronx.
And yet I never thought about this.

I came to work on chopping these blocks feverishly. I was in a sort of
trance. I didn’t open my phone for a while. When the day was done, I
could barely remember what happened during it. They flew by. Before I
knew it, it was the Fourth of July. I could barely remember what had
happened throughout the previous month.

Mark was pretty happy at first to find that I was enjoying his passion.
It devolved into a sort of worry as the days started to blend together.
My memory of that time is a mush of green and brown. I started losing
sleep over the chopping. When I did go to bed, it was all I could think
about. My resting mind spent its energy remembering my memory of
chopping. At this point, it was sort of impossible for me to be
concerned. I was numb, in a sense.

He asked me plenty of times if there was something wrong. I would always
give a simple answer. They always sounded apathetic, a contrast to my
moody tone earlier. He would say, “okay”, but he knew something was
wrong, even if from the last check-up I had, nothing appeared to be.
One day, I pulled an all-nighter. I was chopping wood for the whole
night. He went into town, so I didn’t eat dinner or even lunch. The
rhythmic chopping of the wood was like a dance to me. Countless thoughts
were rushing through what remained of my consciousness, but they were
all skin-deep. I wasn’t actually thinking about anything, but I was also
thinking about everything at the same time.

 
I noticed the Boxman in the corner of my eyesight, but I paid him no
mind. He wasn’t here to hurt me. I was simply doing my task.

Eventually, my time had come. He grabbed my hand, and took me on a walk.
It felt like the nights I stayed up to see the sleeping city, except
this time it was for the forest. Something must’ve changed in my brain,
because I can remember this one walk incredibly well. It was cold, much
colder than it should be at nighttime, even in Whiteridge. Goosebumps
dotted my skin, whether they were from the Boxman or the cold, I don’t
know. The moonlight lit up where it could, but it was mostly
pitch-black. I only knew where the Boxman was because he was holding me.
I noticed his skin wasn’t completely black, but a very dark gray with
scratches on it. It was leathery. Looking back, I’m not sure if what he
was holding me with was a hand or not, because it didn’t feel like one.
It engulfed my entire hand. It was warm and comforting, though.

We walked for what felt to me like years, but I was at peace. I didn’t
care how long it took. I understood the phrase “it’s the destination,
not the journey” for the first time in my life. As we progressed through
the forest, the trees started dying. Soon enough, they lacked any
leaves. Where there was little sign of life before, there was none now.
At what appeared to be the end of the forest, the Boxman stopped. He let
go of me. I went forward beyond the forest to a flat plain that was
filled with shallow water, like the largest puddle on the earth. He
slowly came behind me. I turned around. He towered over me, once more.
But when I blinked he didn’t disappear. He walked into the center of the
plain where there was some sort of hatch. He began to open it. 
Just then, a fragment of consciousness came back to me. It was
curiosity. I picked away at him as he was opening the hatch. Specks of
his skin flaked off to reveal the mass of colors beneath. They were so
beautiful. I kept picking and kept picking. He didn’t react. He kept
opening up this hatch. Water was flowing into it. The hole I was making
in him now covered his entire back. The colors were so pretty…
I eventually stepped back to look at him. The rest of the world was an
icy blue, but the colors emitting from the Boxman were anything but icy.
He turned around. The skin was flaking off of him, being pulled into the
air by the wind. He reached out to me. The colors flooded my eyes. The
same thing as before happened to me now. They washed over my vision, and
my ears heard only a whooshing sound. I could feel the Boxman laying on
my back. He engulfed me, or… I engulfed him? It was hard to say. A rush
of consciousness came over me, billions of emotions I hadn’t felt in
months, but the most prevalent one was panic.

There was this kid me and my friends always used to bully in school.
I was one of the popular types, but I wasn’t ever the most popular, so I
often went along with my friends and did whatever they did. In my Junior
year, a freshman named Aarush came to our school. He was clearly a
foreigner, as he had a thick accent. He was short, and my friends often
picked on him, as they were in the same class as him. He was often in
their classes, because he was an accelerated learner. Me and my friends
constantly made racist jokes around him. I specifically remember
grabbing him during lunch and forcing him to take a hit of weed. I don’t
remember what our threat was, but it was clearly enough to get him to
take a hit. The rest of the day he was really paranoid, and I think he
was called up to the front office. 
All of this is to say that we made Aarush’s life really difficult. We
even found his address and lit some fireworks at his front door. He
often skipped school in my senior year and his sophomore year. When he
did come to school, he looked pretty bad. His hair was greasy and
thinning around the sides. He had bags under his eyes that were
yellow-ish. And never once did we think it was time to stop.
In February of the year I went to Whiteridge, he made an attempt on his
own life.
He jumped off a tall building downtown. He received tons of medical aid,
and he didn’t die, but he was crippled. He would never walk again.
He never showed up to school again.

I’m not exactly sure what happened to the Boxman. It’s been too short of
a time to definitively say, as he’s only sighted maybe once every 5
years. I’m not sure if I killed him, absorbed him, or what. 
In one of my dreams, I remember him coming up to me, missing the hole in
his neck. He showed me a small cube. I was absorbed into it. It showed
me a desolate landscape, a city with no inhabitants. It was empty. The
sky was very dark gray, with scratch marks all over it, similar to the
Boxman’s skin. I walked into an area that was exactly like my old home
in Washington D.C. I climbed the stairs into my room, and blankly looked
over the crib I slept in as a baby.

Mark described how I came home that evening as sleep-walking, except my
eyes were wide open. “The weird part is that when I let you in, you said
‘we are among the stars, now’, before collapsing on the ground”. He
apparently took me to the hospital, which was about an hour away from
Whiteridge. I woke up an hour after I was checked in there. 

I had a premonition that something bad would happen to me. It’s been
three years since, and so far, nothing has. The Boxman still visits me
in my dreams, though. My memory has been weird ever since. College has
been impossible. Some days, I lack any sort of short-term memory. I
asked Mark recently if that story he told me was really true, and if so,
where it came from. This is his response.

“It’s true. I’m sure of that. The man’s name was Carter, just like
yours, but even after all this time, I still can’t find his last name. 
Anyway, the story is true. Each day, I remember getting it from a
different place. The only way I know this is because my friends have
told me that when I retell the story. Like you said to me, when I told
it to you, I thought I came up with it from my imagination. Right now, I
can swear your dad told me it back when we were neighbors. I think I got
it that way, but to tell the truth, I’m not sure where I got it from.
Maybe dementia’s getting to me, who knows.”

Who knows.
