I have been very fortunate to have grown up where I have. I grew up in a
lake community and was raised in a lakefront house. I will say it is
quite different than your average neighborhood. Most of the people are
older, as I was growing up, the only time I saw kids my age in my
neighborhood was in the summer when parents would ship their children
off onto the grandparents. Otherwise, seeing a classmate was seldom
since most of them lived in neighborhoods far from the lake,
neighborhoods with HOAs I guess. That is not to say I didn’t appreciate
being able to go tubing with neighbor’s grandkids or play mermaids
claiming to the other girls my mermaid tail was the best, but I would be
lying if I said it didn’t get lonely the other three seasons of the
year.

Nonetheless, I try to focus on the perks such as the sunrise and the
sunset on the lake every day, having a private dock, being the go-to
hang out spot for hangouts which got me in with the “cool kids”, and
being able to go swimming (or ice skating depending on the season)
whenever I wanted. That last one is a double-edged sword for when there
isn’t ice. The lake, which I will not disclose the name of just in case
there are any daredevils or naysayers reading this, is prone to
unusually aggressive swimmer’s itch. I remember one time after having a
water gun fight with the neighbor’s grandkids in swimming area near the
dock, I swear no less than 15 minutes after leaving the water that my
skin felt as though it was on fire and there were welts all over my
body. The grandkids also got it pretty bad; one girl had to be taken to
the hospital because she scratched so furiously at her skin it started
bleeding and would not stop scratching even with blood clumping under
her fingernails.

We have a public beach too; a couple blocks away from my house. From
what I hear the swimmer’s itch is significantly worse there due to all
the people stirring the water. Hence why, like any responsible beach,
there is a sign posted throughout the summer that reads, “WARNING:
Swimmer’s Itch” followed by smaller text essentially saying shower or
towel dry yourself immediately. The swimmer’s itch is only a problem in
the beginning of the summer. The city ends up putting some chemicals in
the lake that will kill both the parasite and the lakeweeds it lives on
to prevent the issue from continuing late into the summer.

Why am I telling you this, though?

Well, in recent years an issue has popped up that no chemical, no
calamine lotion, or no towel can quell; muskrats. Muskrats are when you
cross a beaver with a mouse physically but a hamster spiritually.
Despite what Google may tell you, they are mean, very mean. Just like
they swimmer’s itch, the muskrats on my lake are unusually aggressive as
well.

When I was growing up, I never saw a muskrat. Not once, seagulls were
the main nuisance. About a little over a year ago, they just came into
existence. It was not unheard of this to happen since we never used to
have ducks either, but the ducks were gradual over the span of 5 years.
In the case of the muskrats, they just appeared one day. Ten of them
were spotted by the beach’s public dock sitting on nearby the shoreline.
They were reported to be watching the people fishing, one fisherman
quoted as saying;

“It didn’t feel like the geese or ducks who watch us, they do it out of
caution because you know their babies or curiosity since they’re birds,
we probably look crazy to them. I know it sounds like I am someone who
should be thrown in a loony bin, but I swear to the almighty lord above,
I think those things were glaring rather than casually observing. I have
never felt such disdain from an animal.”

It was all over the local newspaper that the lake had muskrats. That
isn’t the strange part, within less than 2 months the lake had a
population of at least 100 muskrats confirmed through reports of
multiple people seeing them perched on their boat lifts, swimming near
their bobbers, or one case the darn thing was being chased off the lawn
by a man’s cat. I do not think myself or the city officials could have
remotely predicted how horrific these things would become.

It started with a Facebook post, on the city’s page, it’s designated for
residents to post whatever they want about the city. A woman uploaded a
video of a muskrat ripping out the throat of one of the Mallard ducks.
In the video, the small beast lunged at the duck’s throat. The duck
thrashed its head and wings in an attempt to shake the creature off.
It’s panicked quacks soon became garbled by the sound of blood gargling
in what remained of its throat. The muskrat hooked its claws as close as
it could to the duck’s shoulders given the creature’s small stature. It
was then the duck went limp as the watery gremlin pulled the carcass
underneath the water.

I have heard of cases of muskrats eating ducks before, but this was a
small thing, I mean even smaller than normal, likely a baby muskrat. It
took down an adult duck and was strong enough to drag it underwater,
against the duck’s natural buoyancy. I mean not impossible, but it would
be a Herculean task for most babies to take down adults, no matter the
difference in species.

The events soon increased with the ducks, people would find pieces of
the ducks in their yards, their shorelines, and on their docks.
Sometimes the muskrats would not even eat the ducks. Multiple Facebook
posts reported seeing muskrats swim towards the beach dragging mangled
ducks in tow, only for them to let go of them and watch the dead ducks
float to the shoreline amongst the bustling of people trying to enjoy a
day at the beach.

It got to the point where remaining ducks were not seen in the water
anymore; they would walk along the sidewalk or fly into town. I think
they knew something was off. Soon, there were no ducks in the water. The
same happened to the few loons on the lake then a good portion of the
seagulls. A lake once teeming with waterfowl was barren, only things
floating on the surface were the muskrats and the people.

I saw the dangerous jump from the muskrats attacking prey animals to
fighting back predators.

My family and I were on a boat ride, taking in the sunshine on a clear
day, the cool waters splashing on our faces as our boat gently sliced
through the water. We stopped in front of the beach to people watch as
Midwesterners do.

“Oh my gosh! Look! The bald eagle!”, My mom exclaimed with excitement.

“Honey, we see the eagles every day. It’s nothing new.” My dad replied
at the steering wheel of boat with a groan.

“Yeah, but rarely above the water anymore. Oh, I think it will try and
grab a fish.”

As my mom pulled out her phone to record the bald eagle swoop down for a
fish, I looked to the water as I sat in the front of the boat. I saw a
muskrat.

It was floating on the surface, half-submerged, its head tilted toward
the sky with those disgusting black beady eyes. It seemed like it was
waiting on the eagle. It started swimming towards where the eagle was
circling above the water.

I saw another muskrat, followed by another before eventually counting 30
muskrats near and far away from our boat but all swimming toward the
spot the eagle was going to swoop down on.

As soon as the eagle dove towards the water, all the muskrats dove
underneath the surface in a synchronized fashion. I know I could not do
anything but despite that fact, the realization hit me like a freight
train. I couldn’t help but scream in horror of what was about to happen.

“NO!”, I shrieked.

The second eagle’s talons hit the water to try and grab a fish; two
muskrats broke the surface of the water underneath the eagle and latched
their mouths onto each foot of the bird. They dove down with a force
which created small waves as the eagle was at what I would say is the
bird equivalent of waist high in the water. The majestic animal gave a
clear look of confusion.

It was then a hoard of muskrats jumped out of the water, encircling the
eagle, like dolphins and swarmed the bird. The following sight was so
grim that it only appeared in flashes in my mind. A ball of rodents
pushing a large bird of prey into the water like some demented baptism
into death. Broken feathers and chunks of meat flew all around the
immediate area as the eagle switched between screaming bloody murder
when it could get its head above water and silence when its head was
forceful pushed back under. The wings of the bird thrashed, splashing up
water but eventually the wings were but a faded memory as the muskrats
consumed more and more.

I could hear my parents’ terror even through my shocked daze.

“HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!”, My dad screamed as he stood up from his chair
watching the slaughter in horror.

My mom turned her back to the event, dropped her phone onto the boat
floor, and knelt down. She covered her face with her hands. Though, I
could still hear her muffled voice repeat to herself frantically;

“Oh my god, I can’t watch. Oh my god, I can’t watch.”, Over and over
again.

The noise though, I will never forget the noise. You would think it
would sound like growls or snarls like you would hear in movies? This
was not that. The only description I could give of what I heard emit
from those hellish rodents was a loud choir of pleasant humming
throughout that ordeal.

Eventually, what remained of the bald eagle was nothing intact feet
attached to a gored stomach area and directly above that, the area where
the lungs and heart should have been picked clean down to the spine, the
bones were pristine and looked bleached. The wings were gone, no
evidence of them even existing in the first place. The only other part
that remained in perfect condition was the head of the eagle, hanging
loose holding on by mere muscle fibers of its back.

The group of muskrats, all bit onto the carcass before diving back under
the surface, taking the body of the eagle with it.

It was only then I came out of daze to hear the screaming of people from
the beach who also witnessed the event, the sounds of splashing as
people ran out of the water, and crying children being comforted by the
shaky voices of their loving parents.

“We are getting out of here! Mary! Lauren! Sit down or grab something!”
My dad commanded as he firmly sat back in the chair, started the boat
back up, and sped into a half-turn, straightening the boat’s path back
toward our house and dock.

I sat in my seat stunned as we sped out of there. They were like
piranhas; this all felt like some messed up joke. Our peaceful lake was
host to some creatures who didn’t behave like how like normal muskrats.
I mean muskrats are solitary by nature, yet they were working together?
It felt like an intentional act against nature itself.

This wouldn’t be the last occurrence of this unified attack. Posts on
the city’s Facebook page showcasing videos of them ganging up on dogs
trying to cool off on a hot day, photos of people posting their
encounters with them with deep bites and claw marks that sent them to
the hospital. One person posting their trail cam showcasing a deer in
the nearby woods getting swarmed by what looked like hundreds if not
thousands of the rodents still emitting that melodic humming. The deer
collapsed under the weight of the muskrats almost as though it were
liquified, before being dragging it out of view of the camera. The deer
never stopped screaming.

It all culminated when fatally attacked a 7-year-old girl on an outing
with her family, out of respect I will not state the name of this child
or exact details of her gruesome death. What I will say though is that
this was a very busy day at the beach and based off the information I
have been given, her death was fast, very fast.

The beach was promptly shut down after that as city officials tried to
figure out what to do. Muskrats are a protected animal where I live so
killing them out of season or in more populated areas could result in
getting arrested, thrown in jail, and potentially charged with some
bogus to go on a record.

Traps were allowed for when the muskrats started coming up to peoples’
doors and killing outdoor pets on the land. However, just like their
unusual aggression, they are unusually smart as well and the traps
killed more chipmunks and squirrels than muskrats.

I don’t go in the lake anymore and it has become a trend in my town to
wear rubber or leather boots when you are out and about as to decrease
the damage from the muskrats lunging at your ankles when trying to go to
your car. I have seen grocery store workers fight off multiple muskrats
with brooms or even sweeping them out of the stores.

I miss my watery slice of heaven, the one that you used to see people
playing at the beach with water guns, beach balls, and floaties. The one
that used to have people go tubing and water skiing on. The winter was
not better either. Apparently, the muskrats would lunge out of the ice
fishing holes at peoples’ faces and a lot of people ended up having to
get stitches, in the best scenario. Those who tried to ice skate or do a
polar plunge, had similar endings to the ice fishermen.

I do not even think there are any fish in that lake anymore, I couldn’t
tell you. I am too scared I will get mauled to death if I even try to go
onto the dock. The one I have been on over a thousand times in my life,
that I will likely never set foot on again.

They are reopening the beach this summer. They are putting up a sign so
that if someone dies, they cannot get sued as easily.

So, my warning to you is this. If you go to the beach this summer and
you see a sign that says;

“WARNING: BEWARE OF MUSKRATS.”

LEAVE.
