Here’s Part 2.

Hey, it’s me again. This time took a bit longer, but as it turns out,
recalling some of the more gruesome details is still quite difficult for
me, so I hope that you understand. Anyway, without further ado, I’ll
continue to tell my story.

The whole classroom was silent. Even though it had long stopped, Kyle’s
scream still echoed through the room. And so we all remained for what
must have been at least a few minutes. Still and quiet, in a dark
classroom, knowing that one of us was gone, and never coming back.

To my surprise, it wasn’t panicked screams that first broke the haunting
silence, it was actually Josh.

“Okay, I know that this is all fucked, but we can’t panic now, okay?
Kyle is probably dead and I’m not 100% sure, but there’s a high
likelihood that something killed him. And whatever did that, I don’t
want it to notice us, okay?”

The others probably didn’t notice, but I did, since I knew Josh. He
seemed like he was confident, like he knew what he was doing. But I
realised just how close he was to having a full-on panic attack. The way
his voice quivered ever so slightly and how he sounded a bit out of
breath. Still, not having nearly enough courage to help Josh with the
pressure he put upon his own shoulders, I gladly accepted that he would
take the lead. And so did all of the others. One by one, we started to
pull out our phones to use them as flashlights. Josh told us to look
around the classroom, to see if anything was in it that could help us.
This simple task definitely helped me get my mind off of what I
witnessed just a few minutes ago. But as the panic began to slightly
simmer down, a new feeling crept up.

What about the other students? Were they affected by whatever is going
on as well? Was Kira okay? She had to be, right? I didn’t want to talk
to Josh about it, since she was his sister and I didn’t know, if the
thought of her being in danger as well had crossed his mind yet or not,
so I looked around and quickly spotted Mark. As I reached him I pulled
him towards a corner and quietly asked him what he thought.

“Hey, Mark, do you think that the others are also affected? Do you think
our friends are also in danger?”

“How the hell would I know? I mean, on one hand, I hope they are safe,
but on the other…” Mark seemed to ponder for a few seconds, before then
finishing his thought. “… I mean, it would be a bit comforting, to know
that there are more of us, right? Like, whoever took Kyle, they’re
probably a bunch of psychos, who want to fuck with us, so the more we
are, the better our chances are.”

I stared at Mark, as I now realised, that this whole time, I had already
subconsciously accepted the fact, that whatever was going on, was
supernatural. I never considered, that it could be other humans, that
were doing this. I mean, I wouldn’t even know how that would be
possible.

“But what… what if this is something else, Mark. What if something’s
going on that we can’t explain.” Even though our situation was already
quite crazy, I suddenly felt like a lunatic, at the thought of telling
Mark that this could be supernatural.

Mark simply shrugged, not seeming to give my words my thought. He either
didn’t care to, or he was afraid to. Suddenly, I got an idea, which I
could’ve screamed at myself for not thinking of it earlier. I opened my
contacts on my phone and just as I was about to press Alex’s contact,
Mark interrupted me.

“Don’t bother. I and some others have already tried. The signal has been
cut off. We can’t call anyone. Not even 911.” As he finished his
sentence, I realised what he had been in the corner for in the first
place. He wedged a chair between the wall and a shelf, to use the
leverage and break a leg off of it. “Now I have at least some kind of
weapon, to fuck whoever is doing this up, when I see him.”

“You’re not really thinking about leaving the room, right?” I asked him,
as I felt a new sense of dread fill my stomach. If what Mark said is
true, no one will come to help us, at least not any time soon. And if he
went out there, he’d certainly die, right? I mean, Kyle was killed
instantly, when he went outside. At least, that’s what we all believe.
But could we be certain? I mean, we didn’t really see him die or
anything. But maybe, he was still alive. Maybe, leaving this room didn’t
mean certain death.

With this new revelation, I shot up and quickly gathered the others’
attention.

“Hey, guys, maybe this will sound stupid, but how do we know that Kyle
is dead?” I definitely felt stupid at that moment, taking the leader
role, putting myself in the middle of this. “I mean, for all that we
know, he could be fine and just playing a stupid prank on us. And even
if someone or something took him, that doesn’t mean he’s dead, right? So
I was thinking…” My throat quivered slightly, as I struggled to make
myself believe what I was going to say. But I had to believe it.
Otherwise, how could I possibly hope for this to turn out fine.

“I was thinking, that realistically, it’s probably safe to leave. And
like, we can take scissors and chair legs with us, just for safety.
There are about twenty of us, so we should be fine, whatever is going
on, right?” My eyes desperately searched through the dimly lit room,
trying to make out if anyone agreed with me, or if I was a complete
idiot that just sounded crazy.

“Fuck yea, that sounds better than just rotting in here for no reason.”
Mark was the first to chime in and then, others began to nod. Thank god,
my plan seemed to resonate with the others. I let out a sigh of relief
and quickly, we all began to grab what makeshift weapons we could
gather. We were probably at it for half an hour, when suddenly, we
noticed something. The lights in the hall had turned back on. We could
see the light breach through the crack at the bottom of the door.

“Hey the lights outside are back on!” Someone exclaimed. That had to be
a good sign, right? As we gathered in front of the door, with Mark in
front and me right behind him, I looked back at the others. My gaze
stopped at Josh. He hadn’t said or done anything, since I announced my
plan. Now I saw, that he had an expression on his face, that told me
that I’m an idiot, who’s gonna get us all killed. I scoffed a little and
turned back to the door. Josh was wrong. We were not gonna die now,
everything will be fine. We will be fine, Ashley will be fine, Alex will
be fine, and Kira, she will be fine too.

“Okay, guys, it’s time. School’s out!” Mark said, as he finally pushed
open the door. The reaction he got was silence, until finally, a girl in
the back of the row said: “Oh my god, that was so cringe.” Then we all
stepped out into the hallway. As we already noticed, the lights were, in
fact, back on. But still, there was something that still wasn’t right.
There was a thick fog, all throughout the halls. We could only see what
was about 5 meters in front of us, and the rest was covered by the fog.

“What the hell is this?`” I didn’t really expect an answer, but Mark
still gave me one. “Seems like whoever is playing this stupid prank on
us has brought smoke machines?” He didn’t seem to be completely
convinced by his answer either, but it was the best one we had, so we
and the rest of out little group started to make our way into the fog,
our ‘weapons’ gripped tightly. The classroom we were in was pretty close
to the exit, so we’d be out in no time. But after what must’ve been at
least 5 minutes of walking, we stopped again.

“Okay, where the fuck is that exit? I know that you can’t see shit in
here, but it should’ve been a straight path to that door. So where. is.
it.” Mark let out a frustrated sigh, as he kicked against the wall. I
wanted to say something, to rationalise it, but before I could make
something up, Josh took over.

“Seriously? You still don’t get it? I’ll explain it to you. We are
completely fucked, that’s why we can’t find the exit. I don’t know how
none of you noticed, but we actually haven’t seen a single fucking door,
since we left the fucking classroom. Something is going on in this
place. Something that isn’t normal. So can we all please start to accept
that, so that we don’t keep walking straight into our own fucking
death?”

I had never seen Josh explode like this. But he was right. There were no
door in the hallway, not the exit door, nor any doors that would lead to
other classroom, or the cafeteria, or the gym. Josh’s words hung heavy
in the air. No one spoke a word. Everyone knew that what he said was
true, even though nobody wanted to accept it before. We simply couldn’t
deny it anymore. I started to shiver uncontrollably. Fuck, I was never
going to get out of this, I’m going to fucking die.

I slowly paced backwards, but just after a few steps, I stumbled over
something. “Fuck!” I exclaimed, after I hit my head on the ground.
Luckily it was too hard though. I still had my eyes closed, when the
others looked to me to see what had happened. I heard some gasp and
others whimper. Curious, as to what caused their reaction, I opened my
own eyes and sat back up. Then I saw it and I let out a scream that was
quickly cut of by the feeling of having to puke. What I had stumbled
over, was Kyle. But he his arms were mangled, his eyes only red holes
and his jaw was hanging open way to wide, with blood spilling out of his
mouth.

Kyle was dead.

Kyle was dead and we would all be next.

We all began to panic. Some, including me, started to hyperventilate,
others puked or cried. Mark was frozen with a look of pure horror edged
into his face, and Josh seemed like he was completely dissociated.

I don’t know how long we remained in this state, but it didn’t get
better. The only reason that we snapped out of it, is that suddenly,
there was a deep and loud rumbling, that was growing louder ever so
slightly.

Once we noticed it, we looked in the direction of where it was coming
from. The sobbing and the heavy breathing began to slightly die down
now. The rumbling got louder and louder, until it just suddenly stopped.
There were a few seconds of dead silence, before there was a loud shriek
and then, a rotten, twisted and huge hand shot out of the mist, grabbed
a student and pulled him into the mist, as her panicked screams grew
quieter and quieter.

Writing this all down is really helping me realise how truly messed up
all of it was. I hope that I can finish telling you all, because I can’t
let this be forgotten. I’m sure you will understand me, once I’m done.
But for now, this will have to do.
