One hour passed and then another. I didn’t cry, I didn’t break down. I
stayed unusually still. 
The light of the sun reflecting in the room turned dull. And when I
finally looked at the clock, it had turned 5’o clock in the evening. 
I was so lost that even the sound of the door opening didn’t make me
turn around. 
“Sophia?” His voice was careful, guiding me back to the present.
I blinked as I turned to him. 
Ellis was closing the door and then he started to walk toward me. “I’m
sorry,” his voice was soft, “I heard what happened to your aunt.” 
I stood up just as he stopped in front of my desk. And then I was lost
in his eyes for a moment before I remembered the blood.
“Sophia? Are you alright?” Ellis took another step forward and then
stopped.
I watched as the light went out of his eyes. He looked like I had driven
a knife into his chest. 
I had taken a step back, shaking my head. I took another step back and
then my back hit the wall. There was nowhere left to go.
My breaths grew more ragged. I felt like I was trapped. In my mind, I
wasn’t seeing the sight of my Aunt’s blood, I was in another night,
centuries before, when my Mother breathed her last words. 
And the one who took her life was standing in front of me. 
“I’m sorry.” The pain laced through his words made me look up. His eyes
shone with fear as he stumbled back a step. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to
come close—I’m sorry.”
I blinked as I tilted my head. My heart ached as my eyes locked on his,
snapping me back to the present. Breathe. I told myself. Breathe.
He was standing still, looking like he was lost. Ellis.
Ellis, who was starting to mean so much to me, that I was afraid to even
look into my heart, I had hurt him. Again.
I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply, wishing he would stop apologising
all the time. I hated how it feels like he was apologising for his
existence.
“Please don’t apologise.” My voice was a breathless whisper as I cracked
my eyes open. 
It wasn’t you I wanted to run away from. I wanted to say, but it would
be a lie. I couldn’t lie to him, even if only to comfort him. Because
for a moment I had been trapped in the painful memories and had lost
sight of the Ellis standing before me. 
“I’ll just go.” He mumbled, already turning away. 
“Ellis.” I need you. “Wait.” I avoided his gaze as I came closer.
He didn’t turn around fully. “What is it, Sophia?” 
Had he come here to comfort me? 
I stepped around, till I faced him, noticing a frown crossing his face.
He looked like he was about to fall apart.
And I wanted more than anything to close the distance just once, to feel
his presence. But I only looked up, asking him. “Can I—?” I gestured
between us, feeling a faint color rushing to my face. “Can we—?” My
voice broke and I let him decide.
His wide eyes searched mine and I felt the moment stretch into minutes.
My heart was a hammer in my chest as I waited.
Ellis took a deep breath. “God, Sophia, you were afraid of me moments
before and now you want me to—”
That was all the permission I needed. 
I threw my arms around his shoulder, a sob breaking out of my throat as
I buried my face against his shirt.
I inhaled him as I cried, feeling his heartbeat race wildly. For a
moment, his arms stayed still on his sides and then I felt his hands
around me, holding me so tightly I couldn’t breathe for a second.
