All I remember before discovering the disappearance of my biology lab
was seething anger and absolute desperation as I drove recklessly
towards my university. As much as I wished I could tell customers to eat
shit as soon as my shift was over, I really didn‚Äôt want to lose this
job. So instead I continued to diligently and anxiously run the cash
register until my replacement came strolling in the door ten minutes
late. I shot her a death glare as I left, but I don‚Äôt think she picked
up on it.

‚Äã

After driving so poorly that I almost crashed, I parked just as poorly
in the garage and ran to class. I was only 20 minutes late so far, and
if I ran up the stairs instead of taking the elevator, I could save some
more time. By the time I finally got to the third floor, I was only
slightly winded. I was not a particularly athletic person, but I could
handle a few flights of stairs.

‚Äã

While I briefly stopped at the top of the stairs to catch my breath, I
noticed that girl again. Last time she had been anxiously sitting on the
floor, but now she was lying there dead asleep with her arms stiff in
front of her. Her hands had been bandaged, and I considered checking to
see if she was alive, but my itchy feet got the better of me, and I
ignored her as I continued my mad dash to class.

‚Äã

When I finally made it, I was dumbfounded. The lab itself was completely
normal, the lights were on, materials were taken out like they were
going to be used, and instructions were written on the board. It was the
complete and total absence of any human in the room that sent my mind
reeling.

‚Äã

I noticed that a hot plate was still on, and whatever was inside it was
violently boiling. As I went to turn it off, I noticed a handful of
micropipettes on the ground. After turning the hot plate off, I went to
look at them. It was incredibly odd.

‚Äã

Micropipettes are actually a small machine. Since liquids and mechanics
don‚Äôt mix well, they hold the solution in a small plastic tip you pop
off and dispose of when done. The thing about the tips of pipettes, at
least in this lab, is that they popped off if you dropped the pipette,
even just a foot, a fact I only know after accidentally contaminating my
workstation many, many times. All of the pipettes on the ground still
had their plastic tip on, and half of them still had liquid in them.

‚Äã

When I first walked in, the thought that my entire class was smote by
God in the middle of lab crossed my mind, but now it felt more like they
stopped whatever it was they were doing, placed their equipment on the
nearest available space, and simply walked out of the room.

‚Äã

Still, with no one in here, it‚Äôs possible this wasn‚Äôt my class. I
checked the time and class number again, and yep, this was my class. I
then checked my email to see if it had been moved to another room or
maybe if there had been some disaster warning, but found nothing. I
tried sending my TA an email, but the system couldn‚Äôt find her contact.
I brushed off the feeling of dread by reminding myself that my internet
connection here was spotty. I then checked every room in the building,
and aside from one math class, I couldn‚Äôt find any other classes taking
place.

‚Äã

I wasn‚Äôt entirely sure what to do, so I decided to go home, where I knew
the internet worked, and email my TA telling her that, for some reason,
I didn‚Äôt get the memo that the lab had been moved or canceled today. On
the way home, my dread continued to mount. My rational explanations were
slowly losing their ability to convince me that there was a grounded
explanation for all this. Even if there was a disaster, surely everyone
could take a single step to put their pipettes down on the desk or make
sure that the hot plate was off. I almost wished that the plastic
pipette tips had been broken off. Sudden rapture was less unsettling
than the image of everyone so transfixed but still mentally capable that
they put everything on the ground carefully before leaving.

‚Äã

When I got to the apartment, my mom was standing behind the kitchen
counter wiping it off. Friday evening was the last trace of her free
time, and I had told her repeatedly that I could take care of the
housework over the weekend and that she should just relax, but she never
listened. Casey, my adopted sister, was sitting in the adjoining living
room, half watching TV and half coloring.

‚Äã

When my mom noticed I was home, she said,‚ÄùYou‚Äôre home late, Trevor. It‚Äôs
nearly nine, and why are you lugging your backpack around? I hope you‚Äôre
not trying to smuggle something into the house. You‚Äôre doing it poorly
as well, too conspicuous.‚Äù

‚Äã

I struggled to find any words at all to her statement. Was my mother
suffering from early onset dementia?

‚Äã

‚ÄúUm, I think you mean I‚Äôm home early. Really, Mom, I think you need to
take a vacation; all this work is getting to you. Class usually ends
late. It is Friday after all, did you forget?‚Äù I uttered this question
shakily, trying to steady my voice so she couldn‚Äôt tell that what she
said had absolutely rattled me.

‚Äã

Casey suddenly took an interest in the conversation and asked,‚ÄùWhy are
you shaking, Trevor? Ooooh, maybe Auntie was right and you did something
bad. You should have stayed home and colored with me.‚Äù

‚Äã

Casey then proudly showed me her handiwork. Usually, I‚Äôd lightly tease
her for her messy coloring, but until she had mentioned it, I hadn‚Äôt
noticed that I was physically shaking. I could tell my mom was starting
to go from confused to concerned, so I mumbled an excuse and went back
to my room.

‚Äã

My room was actually just a strangely deep closet with a twin mattress
on the floor, the few items I owned on the shelves at the top, and both
my dirty and clean clothes hanging over me. At the time my mom
officially adopted my cousin Casey, I offered to live in the linen
closet. It was that or share a room with a six-month-old. I thought I
had gotten used to the confines of this place and, in recent years,
thought of it as kinda nice, but in my shaken-up state, I just felt
absolutely claustrophobic.

‚Äã

I pulled my shitty laptop out of my bag and logged into Blackboard. My
worst fears were coming true. Not only did my class simply vanish from
the dashboard, but the heading that was created indicating that I had
been enrolled in any summer classes at all was gone.

‚Äã

I took my phone out and texted my best friend Nathan. We were part of a
friend group that included a girl named Carla, who was also in my lab.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey Nathan this may be a weird question but you remember Carla right?
Sorry if I sound crazy.‚Äù

‚Äã

A few moments later, he sent me a reply.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThere was that girl in our fifth grade class. Big horse girl.

‚Äã

Man, I hadn‚Äôt thought of her in ages.‚Äù

‚Äã

I felt my hands shake hard enough that typing was becoming challenging.
I responded.

‚Äã

‚ÄúNo, not her. Carla, the one we met in college. The one we were both
sleeping with??‚Äù

‚Äã

Nathan took a second to respond.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWtf are you talking about? Trev are you fucking with me. Be serious
with me. You know I‚Äôve been dating Jill since freshman year. Why would I
sleep with her best friend??‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou‚Äôre dating Jill???‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúBro can you even read? Our conversation about proposing to her was
literally our last convo. I know ur Mr Straight A student but I think
you‚Äôre studying too late or something.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúMaybe you‚Äôre right‚Äù

‚Äã

I ended the conversation and scrolled through our texts. About
seventy-five percent of them were ones I had remembered, albeit vaguely.
The other twenty-five were completely new, and all of them replaced
conversations centered around Carla. Not only was any memory of her
erased, but any memory that would be spotty without her had been
completely rewritten. Every text conversation with members of my friend
group was like this. The group chat was the worst, though. Her responses
were still there, the senders of the texts were simply substituted out
for whoever had the personality most matching the response. It was
mostly Jill, but I saw a few that I supposedly had sent.

‚Äã

I texted Jill; she was Carla‚Äôs childhood friend after all. Our
relationship wasn‚Äôt the talking type, but I at least knew that.

‚Äã

‚ÄúJill, please tell me you still remember Carla.‚Äù

‚Äã

She didn‚Äôt even bother to text me; instead, she called me as soon as she
read the text.

‚Äã

‚ÄúThank fucking god. I felt like I was going crazy. I had been chatting
with some of the girls from the volleyball team and I don‚Äôt know when
but it was like a switch flipped. I had mentioned her a couple times
since we‚Äôre roommates and all and that was ok then suddenly I mentioned
her and they all gave me this look like I had gone nuts.

‚Äã

When I asked why they were all like ‚Äòuh Jill you live alone‚Äô and I asked
them if they could tell me the story I just told back. It was supposed
to be bitchy because Carla was in the story I just told but then they
told me a completely different story, one I had literally never
experienced let alone shared. Anyways I looked around online afterwards
and all traces of her are just gone, poof! I messaged a bunch of people
she was friends with and no one remembers her at all. I also messaged
her mom and her parents still remember her thankfully.‚Äù

‚Äã

I listened to Jill as she told her story in a frenzied manner. Then she
asked me a question.

‚Äã

‚ÄúHey Trev, no offense, but why do you remember Carla? I asked a bunch of
people about her but didn‚Äôt bother to ask you since you two didn‚Äôt seem
especially close.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs the biology lab the two of us were taking. I got to class late and
when I got there it was just‚Ä¶bizarre it‚Äôs like they all got up and left.
Then when I got home my mom had completely forgotten that the class
existed. I asked Nate about her and he didn‚Äôt remember, said he was
dating you?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúLab, what lab? Carla was only taking microeconomics. I wish she was
taking something else so all her stories weren‚Äôt about her old ass
professor. And yeah I‚Äôve been dating Nate since forever.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúJill, do me a favor. If Nate has been dating you surely you have
something physical that proves it right? A sweatshirt, a sock, anything
at all. Nate is a messy dude, surely he‚Äôs left something behind.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúYou think my memories have been fabricated too?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúI know your memories are false because just last week Nate was telling
me that if I don‚Äôt start publicly dating Carla he would.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúOk that‚Äôs scary. Let me look around.‚Äù

‚Äã

I heard the muffled noises of a room being ransacked as Jill looked for
something. This went on for a while before she started talking again.

‚Äã

‚ÄúJesus Christ you‚Äôre right. He was here last night and I even dug
through the trash to find the take out we ate and it‚Äôs just gone. What
do we do? Maybe if we look in the lab we will find something? This is
fucking with my head. Will tomorrow work for you?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúYeah I have an early shift so I can probably make it around four?
Actually scratch that, I‚Äôll call out sick, let‚Äôs meet at 10.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúOk, see you then.‚Äù

‚Äã

With our plans made, the conversation ended abruptly, and I hung up the
phone. I doubted we would find anything, but it was comforting that
there was at least one other person who knew something was wrong.

‚Äã

I reached up and turned off the light. I didn‚Äôt bother to change; I just
wanted it to be tomorrow already. Of course, sleep never comes easily
when something like this happens. I let my mind wander. It seemed as if
you were close to someone who vanished; you were resistant to having
your memories stolen. I had the gnawing feeling that while it made you
resistant, it didn‚Äôt make you immune. I considered calling Jill again
and telling her to meet me earlier, but decided against it.

‚Äã

I made it to school an hour early. I had sat down on a bench outside the
building my lab was in and waited. As I sat and waited, I enjoyed the
peace and quiet of campus on the weekend. I was in the shade, and it was
nice.

‚Äã

There was a small group of high schoolers taking a tour, and I listened
in as the guide explained the wonders of college life to them. Then all
of a sudden someone ran through the crowd. It was weird; not a single
one of them acted like someone had almost barreled them over. One of
them fell over after being pushed out of the way, but his friends just
made fun of him for tripping while standing still.

‚Äã

I got up and chased the person who just ran through the crowd. I
couldn‚Äôt remember his name, but I knew it was someone else from my
class. Goddamn, he was fast, and he had a head start. He was going in a
straight line, pushing people out of the way as he ran and narrowly
dodging streetlamps. I hadn‚Äôt managed to get any closer to him when he
ran out into the middle of a busy intersection.

‚Äã

I watched him get hit by a truck. He went flying into the air, and the
truck slammed its brakes upon hearing the impact but seeing nothing. I
could hear other cars honk in confusion while I watched him hit the
ground lifeless. He lay there for maybe a second before pulling himself
back to his feet and continuing his run straightforward. The truck began
to drive again, and I stood at the edge of the crosswalk catching my
breath. After that, I slowly walked to my bench and resumed waiting for
Jill.

‚Äã

Jill was late. Very late. When I was considering shooting her a text, I
finally saw her. She was walking towards me, looking confused and kind
of dazed. I felt my heart drop. Had she already forgotten Carla?
Goddamnit, I knew I should have scheduled it earlier. I walked up to
Jill and asked her if she remembered Carla. The response she gave me was
worse than I was expecting.

‚Äã

‚ÄúUm, do I know you?‚Äù she asked, completely confused with a hint of fear.

‚Äã

‚ÄúJill, it‚Äôs me, Nate‚Äôs best friend. We were going to meet up here to
look into the disappearance of your roommate. Remember?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúRoommate? I live alone,‚Äù she had begun to give me a look that told me
she wanted to get out of this situation as soon as possible.

‚Äã

Before she could leave, I asked her,‚Äù Just one last thing. Do you know
why you came here?‚Äù

‚Äã

I could see a brief moment of recognition in her eyes that quickly faded
before she quietly muttered,‚ÄùI-I don‚Äôt know. I just had this feeling I
needed to be ‚Äú

‚Äã

She suddenly stopped talking and grasped her head like she had a
headache before very coldly continuing,‚ÄùI‚Äôm sorry, sir, I‚Äôm not
interested in anything you‚Äôre selling,‚Äù and walking away.

‚Äã

I slumped down on the bench and pulled out my phone. As I expected,
nearly every single text I had had been deleted. All the pictures I had
with my friends were gone, and for the first time ever, my email inbox
was completely empty. Even junk mail had vanished. The only person I
still had a record of communication with was my mom.

‚Äã

When I got home, my mom could tell I was going through something, but
decided not to press. I made dinner for the three of us because Mom had
the closing shift at a local grocery store and had been grading essays
all day. I was never very good at cooking, but having a task to do was
soothing.

‚Äã

As we sat at the dinner table, my mom did her usual routine of sharing
silly things her students had written. Casey looked abnormally deep in
thought and wasn‚Äôt eating, instead pushing the food around with her
fork.

‚Äã

Eventually, whatever it was she was thinking about finally ate through
the small amount of patience and tact that she had.

‚Äã

She abruptly dropped her fork and pointed at me, asking with the
bluntness only a child could have,‚ÄùAuntie, who is that?‚Äù

‚Äã

Although we were cousins, Casey and I were basically siblings. She never
called my mom ‚Äúmom‚Äù out of deference to a mother she couldn‚Äôt possibly
remember, but she did constantly remind me that I was the best or worst
big brother ever, depending on how she felt. Having my friends forget me
was scary, but Casey forgetting me was heartbreaking. I balled my hands
into fists in an attempt not to tear up.

‚Äã

Everything we had was gone. The initial year of resentment as a
teenager, this baby I did not want and who needed constant attention was
thrust into my life without me even getting a say in it. Then came the
gradual realization that Casey didn‚Äôt ask for her parents to die in a
freak accident any more than I asked for her to be here.

‚Äã

Once that realization hit, I realized how much I had wanted to be an
older sibling all this time. I never got tired of answering her unending
stream of questions while her eyes glittered and she crowed about how
smart I was, but one day she was gonna be smarter. Looking after her in
high school while my mom was at work probably stopped me from becoming
so bitter with my lot in life.

‚Äã

I kept clenching my fists as hard as I could, not caring about the pain.
I wished with everything in my heart that I had spent last night playing
with her instead of doing this pointless research. To tease her one last
time or give her one last piece of advice.

‚Äã

My palms were starting to bleed as I realized how much I had lost. Even
if we started over now, she could never learn how to ride a bike from
scratch, she could never proudly show me her first-ever test grade,
everything was gone.

‚Äã

My mother, unsurprisingly, was immediately concerned.

‚Äã

‚ÄúCasey, if you‚Äôre joking, it‚Äôs not very funny. Trevor is having a bad
day, so let‚Äôs be nice.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúOh, his name is Trevor. Is he here to fix the funny noise the toilet
makes?‚Äù

‚Äã

My mom, sensing that Casey was absolutely not acting as if she were a
terrible liar, stood up and said,‚Äù I‚Äôm going to call my manager and tell
him I can‚Äôt go in. We are taking Casey to the hospital immediately.‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt wanna go to the hospital, they‚Äôll make us wait fooooreever and
the waiting room only plays those boring soapy operas,‚Äù Casey protested.

‚Äã

I wanted to tease her, to tell her that a child presenting with apparent
brain injuries would be triaged and seen immediately, to explain the
concept of triage to her as best as I could. Instead, I said nothing. I
felt like anything I said to her would mean absolutely nothing coming
from a stranger. Instead, I got my shoes on and asked Casey very
politely if she could put her shoes on. When she refused, my mom, who
had finished with her call, came and put her shoes on for her.

‚Äã

The short drive to the hospital was tense. Casey spent the entire time
complaining, and my mom was gripping the steering wheel so hard her
knuckles were white. I stared out the window, trying not to think about
anything.

‚Äã

As expected, Casey was seen almost immediately. The entire time in the
hospital, I felt completely invisible. Every time the nurse walked in,
she briefly looked startled to see me. When she brought in blankets and
water, she only brought in enough for two people. The only one who
acknowledged my existence was my mom, and even she seemed to talk to me
less and less.

‚Äã

Several hours later, the doctor walked into the room and told us there
was nothing wrong with Casey‚Äôs lungs but that we should be on the
lookout for any troubling signs.

‚Äã

My mom breathed a sigh of relief and said,‚ÄùThank-umm, you said her
lungs, yes? No, I don‚Äôt think that‚Äôs right. She‚Äôs here because she
couldn‚Äôt remember something‚Ä¶ something important. What was it? Oh yes,
she was here because she couldn‚Äôt remember her older brother at all. Why
were you looking at her lungs?‚Äù

‚Äã

‚ÄúI‚Äôm sorry, ma‚Äôam, but Casey is here because she started loudly
wheezing. That‚Äôs what you said on the intake paperwork, and that‚Äôs what
Casey says, too. If you‚Äôd like, we can do the head images, but it will
take a while.‚Äù

‚Äã

My mother was a very stubborn woman when it came to Casey, and as such,
I expected her to argue with the doctor profusely, but instead, she
slumped back into her chair and muttered something about needing more
vacation days.

‚Äã

The drive home was quieter than the drive to the hospital. Mostly
because Casey had reached her limit and fell asleep in the car before we
could pull out of our parking spot.

‚Äã

When we got home, I realized my mom was carrying Casey to bed when
normally that would be my job. In fact, she was acting like I wasn‚Äôt
there at all. As if this day couldn‚Äôt get any worse.

‚Äã

As soon as my mom finished putting Casey to bed, I gave her a hug full
of as much warmth as I could and said,‚Äù I love you, Mom.‚Äù

‚Äã

She hugged me back with some hesitation and said,‚ÄùI love you too.‚Äù There
was a brief pause as she tried to remember my name,‚ÄùTrav-Trevor.‚Äù

‚Äã

I shut myself in my room. I emptied my backpack of all my school
supplies and filled it with clothes before considering my small room for
one last moment. If I could stay longer, I would, but I knew that my
mother, if she could still even notice me, wouldn‚Äôt remember me. There
was nothing here for me other than the constant reminder that I had been
completely erased.

‚Äã

I got into my car and just drove north. I don‚Äôt know why, but I feel
compelled to do so. My job had left me with enough money to live on the
road for about a month.

‚Äã

One night when I was lying in the backseat of my car trying to sleep, I
was fiddling around with the junk on the floor when I saw it, a small
piece of paper reading ‚Äúmeet me at L‚Äôs later? -Carla‚Äù

‚Äã

I can‚Äôt remember when she had passed it to me, but Carla was a big fan
of slipping me notes in class like she was in grade school. I could have
jumped for joy; whatever had done this was not omnipotent, it had missed
something in its race to destroy evidence. I didn‚Äôt know what was north,
but possibly I could do something to it and make it give me my life
back. I fell asleep with the paper in my hand.

‚Äã

About a week into the journey, I stopped eating fast food, the cashiers
stopped responding to me when I stood in line, and it seemed like
nothing I could do would make them notice me. Instead, I was living off
bottled water and bologna sandwiches I would make in the back of my car.

‚Äã

While I was carrying my groceries back to my car, I pulled out of the
Walmart parking lot when I saw a different classmate running in a
straight line. I could only see their back, and I sped out of the
parking lot and into a busy street in an attempt to catch up, and was
hit by oncoming traffic.

‚Äã

I fled from my car without bothering to bring anything and went on foot.
In the minute I had to get myself out of the car, they had vanished,
even when I continued to sprint after them for blocks.

‚Äã

I decided to ditch my car and continue north on foot. That night, I
walked into a gas station and grabbed whatever I felt like and walked
out. The person behind the counter didn‚Äôt look up from their phone. This
brazen theft didn‚Äôt happen often after that. The periods of time I
needed to sleep and eat seemed to be less and less as time went on, and
I foggily realized that at some point, I had been sprinting in a
straight line for days without rest.

‚Äã

‚Äî

‚Äã

I don‚Äôt know how long it has been since I left, and I‚Äôve made it to a
small town that stands on the edge of a dense forest. To be honest, I
cannot tell you what occurred during this time period. I can‚Äôt really
remember much of anything. I was lucky I chose to write a description of
the event immediately after I left. I read it several times a day now.
There are names underlined in the text, and I can tell through context
they were important to me, but now there‚Äôs not a single face that comes
to mind when I read them. I can barely remember my own name. It starts
with a T, that‚Äôs all I know.

‚Äã

Tomorrow, I set off for further north on a suicidal mission, but first,
my past self had very adamantly written a note asking me to transcribe
and post this somewhere. I vaguely remember something about online posts
getting deleted, so I don‚Äôt think it will work. I decided to take the
written description along with some notes I added and mail it to the
home address on the driver‚Äôs license I have. I hope my memory is good
enough that I can go letter by letter to write the address because I
can‚Äôt seem to hold words in my mind for very long.

‚Äã

The urge to go north has somewhat subsided since I made it to this town,
or maybe the subconscious desire to have other people know my story had
finally staved it off. Whatever the case, I hope I can steal some stamps
easily. ¬Ý

‚Äã

So, for now, this is T signing off, permanently. The desire to die with
a shred of my identity intact is one of two things I can still remember.
The other is a fear of forgetting absolutely everything.

‚Äã

One last thing‚Ä¶I can‚Äôt remember it clearly, but I saw her in this town
three or four days ago. The girl, Carly, I think, who disappeared. She
was walking around with strange, jerky movements. People were ignoring
her like they did to me. Eventually, either I spoke out or she noticed
that someone else could see her, and she whipped around, and I saw her
face. I can‚Äôt remember the details, but it looked like someone had
peeled her face off and stitched a new one on.
