Monday

I can see her standing just at the edge of the forest line.

For a week straight I’ve been waking up around 2 AM every night to the
sound of a faint humming coming from outside my house. Georgia’s Blue
Ridge mountains aren’t what most people think of when they think of
Appalachia, but we’re a part of it. It’s why I haven’t bothered to see
what was out there all week. We all grow up being told not to go outside
at night, to ignore any weird noises you hear coming from the woods. But
tonight I can’t help myself. I creep over to my bedroom window and peek
through the blinds, trying my best not to move them too much.

At first I can’t see anything. The view from my bedroom is of the back
patio. About 30 yards away I can see the forest line. During the day the
forest is lush with light peaking through the trees and the sound of
leaves swaying from the wind. I like to sit out there and read. If I’m
lucky I get to see the occasional deer, squirrels, and other animals. At
night it’s different. The woods take on a much more sinister presence.
The more you stare into them, the more you become convinced something in
there is staring back.

I look for a couple minutes. Long enough to slow my heart rate and
convince myself there’s nothing out there. Just before resigning back to
my bed, I see something. Emerging from the woods and stopping just at
the edge is the inauspicious silhouette of a young pale girl. I jerk
back from the window collapsing to the floor just to the side. My
stomach does jumping jacks as the adrenaline of fear courses through my
veins. I hold my chest hoping against all odds what I saw wasn’t real. A
million thoughts race through my brain at once, but one keeps coming
back, and I don’t like it. I have to get back up and look. Who knows,
maybe it was just my mind playing tricks on me?

After waiting for what seems like an eternity, I finally get the nerve
to get up for another peek. I feel the blood drain from my face and my
fingers and toes go ice cold like getting your socks wet in the winter.
She’s still there. This time I don’t jump back, instead I take it in.
The first thing I notice is a white bonnet that shadows the top portion
of her face. She wears a gaudy dress, also completely white, that
doesn’t look to be from this century. It’s in pristine condition. I peer
down at her hands and my eyes widen. Her skin is pale as bone. Not like
your friend who spends all day in his room playing video games and then
gets sunburnt just walking to the mailbox. This woman’s skin is nearly
as white as the dress. As I’m taking it all in, I realize the humming
I’ve been hearing is coming from her and it seems to actually be some
kind of singing. It’s very faint, but you can hear a melody in the
noise. I feel a shift in my body as the song creeps into my system. My
eyes roll back and everything goes black.

Tuesday

I wake up in my bed late the next morning. How did I get back in bed?
Was it all just a nightmare? I feel the back of my head and wince at the
pain from the tenderness. Something definitely happened. I crawl out of
bed and groggily enter the kitchen where my roommate Ben is sitting.
He’s spooning some cereal as he looks over at me.

“You okay man? You look kinda spaced out.” 

I rub the back of my head, “Yeah, I’m alright. Just didn’t get much
sleep last night.”

I go to leave the room but pause at the door trying to decide if I want
to say anything. “You wouldn’t happen to have ever seen people hanging
out in the woods at night or anything?”

Ben chomps on his cereal and looks at me with an amused smirk. “Nah,
can’t say I have. What happens out there is none of my business.” He
snorts a laugh.

I nod my head. “Yeah, of course. Just forget it. I’ll see you later.”

I leave the house and get in my car staring off into the woods before
cranking up. My mind is probably playing tricks on me, but I think I can
feel a presence in the woods. It’s as if she’s there, just out of my
vision, in the trees watching me back.

I work at the public library which doesn’t pay much, hence the roommate.
My only other coworker is the head librarian Tina, a sweet old lady in
her 60s. It doesn’t suck too much as far as jobs go. Tina and I get
along pretty well and it beats most things in the minuscule job market
of this town.

“Ms. Tina. I know you’ve read a bunch of folklore about Appalachia
right?” I try to say as casually as possible.

“Mhm.” She says without looking up from her book.

“You wouldn’t happen to have ever heard of any like… people in the woods
would you?”

“Lots of people in the woods out here darling.”

I come closer, “No, not a regular person. Someone kind of pale like,
well, a ghost or something.”

She puts down her book and takes off her glasses to look at me finally,
“No, I haven’t heard of anything like that. If you’re so interested in
local history, I can show you where to do your own lookin’ for.”

She proceeds to take me towards the back of the library where there are
hundreds of old newspaper articles and books on the history of the town.
She gives me a wry smile and leaves me to it. I start to dig through the
mountains of information, keeping an eye out for anything about pale
people in the woods.

It’s beginning to look like a lost cause when I finally come across an
article mentioning “pale ones”. The date on the newspaper is from the
80s. Some man wrote into the paper about a group of pale people that
kept standing at the edge of his property. The article doesn’t say much,
but I manage to catch his name at the bottom, Bobby P. This man, if
still alive, would probably be decently old by now. I fold the article
neatly and stick it into my pocket.

Later that night at the house, Ben and I are watching TV. He yawns and
stretches his arms out, “I think it’s about that time for me.”

I look at him trying to telepathically get him to not go to bed because
I don’t want to be left alone. “Yeah, cool see you in the morning man.”

Ben walks off and I’m left in the darkness of the living room with only
the TV for light. I feel an encroaching weight like the walls are moving
in, so I turn off the TV and run to my room jumping into the bed. “Super
manly.” I think to myself.

I lay in bed for what feels like hours. My mind is racing too much to
let me slip into sleep. My overwhelming fear and intense curiosity are
at war. Inevitably the curiosity wins out, so I crawl out of bed and
slink over to my window. I take a deep breath before pulling down one of
the blinds. I immediately regret it. Not only is the girl standing out
there, but she’s not alone. Tonight, there are two others. They’re both
much taller than the girl. One looks like a farmer with white overalls,
white straw hat, and a pitchfork which feels a little on the nose. The
other is also a man but his clothes are more formal. There’s something
in his hand that I think is a book. Once I notice he’s wearing one of
those old reverend’s collars at his neck, it dawns on me it must be a
bible. They feel like caricatures from some horrible settler movie.

The girl starts that melodic singing once again and the two others join
in forming a louder, deeper sounding chorus. I cover my ears hoping to
not let it in like last night. This time I don’t feel sleepiness coming
over me. Instead, it’s a dropping weight in my stomach like the feeling
of going downhill on a rollercoaster. I release the blinds and scurry to
my bed. Despite my best efforts to fall asleep, the crushing weight in
my stomach keeps me up, hearing their song for hours.

Wednesday

The next morning I am weary from lack of sleep. I don’t want to get out
of bed but my alarms for work are firing off. What finally pushes me to
get up is realizing that today I have a mission: Find out if this Bobby
P. guy is still alive and around.

I spend most of the morning searching through phone books and other
directories at the library. Eventually, I find his name in an old phone
book with an address attached. Immediately, I go to my phone to type in
the address but the map pulls up an area that just looks like a random
field. The only logical next step I can think of is to find a map.
Luckily I’m in the right place for that. After finding one, all I can
think about is how it must’ve sucked having to do this back in the day
to figure out where anything was.

Later on my lunch break, I say bye to Ms. Tina and hurry to my car to
find Bobby. I nearly run two stop signs and flatten someone’s plump cat
as I look back and forth from the map to the road. After what feels like
miles of dirt roads, I’m unsurprised to find myself taken out to the
middle of nowhere.. I finally arrive at an abandoned looking cabin, but
there’s an old truck out front, so I figure someone must be around.

My feet nearly go through the gaps in the wood of the porch as I walk up
to the front door. I knock. Seconds go by. I knock again. This time I
wait a couple minutes. I’m just about to leave when I hear a stirring
inside. They move slowly, but eventually the door opens wide.

In front of me stands an old looking man. As I guessed, he must be in
his late 70s or 80s. This is a man weathered from working hard the
majority of his life.

“The hell you want kid?” he grunts out.

“Sorry to bother you, but are you Bobby…sir?” I manage to get out.

“Who’s askin’?”

“Well, I work at the local library and I came across an article of
yours. You mentioned seeing some pale people. I just-”

At the mention of this, he starts to shut the door. I reach forward to
block it, and he looks back at me with a disdainful look.

“I didn’t mean to upset you it’s just that I-”

“You’ve seen ’em haven’t ya?” he cuts me off.

Something about the way he casually admits to their existence stops me
cold. Maybe I’d secretly been hoping I was going crazy and just seeing
and hearing things, but this confirms the worst. I nod solemnly to him.
For a second, I see a twinge of pity in his face as he closes his eyes
and grimaces.

“What should I do? I mean, are they going to hurt me or something?” I
ask, more frantically than I intend.

“Have they seen ya yet?”

I rack my brain for the memories of the last two nights, “No, I don’t
think so.”

“That’s good. If they’d seen ya, I’d tell ya you’re fucked. Seeing as
they ain’t, your best bet is to move somewhere else.”

“Move?” I say exasperated. “I can’t just move out. It was hard enough
finding a place that I can afford.”

He shrugs. “Don’t know what else to tell ya.” He moves to turn back
inside and shut the door but I stop him again.

“Wait! You’re not telling me everything. What happens if they see me?”

Bobby pauses for a moment trying to decide if he wants to say what he’s
thinking. His eyes start to look a little glossy.

“They saw my wife forty some odd years ago. I’ve been a widower ever
since.”

With that he slams the door in my face and I’m left to digest it all on
my own.

Later that night, I’m back at the house sitting across from Ben. He’s
eating a late supper and I can’t eat, so I just sit there in silence.
Ben looks up from scarfing down his grilled cheese.

“Something on your mind?”

“Nah, not really.” I meekly reply.

“Good, I didn’t really care anyway.” he says with a little laugh.

I ponder if I could casually ask about sleeping in the same room
together without him saying no and mocking me into oblivion. Eventually,
he gets up and I’m forced to make a decision. I figure if I sleep in the
living room on the couch, I’d be less likely to let curiosity get the
best of me and take another peek. I grab my pillow and a blanket from my
room and set myself up on the couch for the night.

At around the same time as usual, I’m awoken by the sound of the
singing. I try my best to ignore it, taking my pillow and stuffing it
around my ears. It keeps getting louder to the point I’m dumbfounded
that it’s not waking Ben up. I reach my breaking point and crawl off the
couch and sneak into my room.

Crouching very carefully, I sneak up to my window and look through the
blinds. Tonight there’s even more of them. Looks to be at least six of
them now, including the girl. She’s still at the forefront. I let out a
small groan. Why is this happening to me? I’m about to drop the blinds
when a slight movement catches my eye. It’s hard to tell from the
distance but I think that the girl’s head is moving. It stops. My eyes
go wide as I realize she’s staring directly at me. The other’s heads
turn to look at me too.

My body drops to the floor like a cinderblock as I fall back and start
hyperventilating. What did I just do? It’s the one thing Bobby told me I
couldn’t let happen. I search frantically for anything in my room that
could be a weapon. A little cheap knife I got as a gift from my mom is
all I can find. They begin their song as I grip the knife to my chest so
hard my hands turn red. Tonight’s melody wants me to fall asleep like
the first night. I resist as long as I can, but I’m no match.

Thursday

I wake up the next morning with the knife still clutched to my chest. My
alarm clock is telling me I have to start getting ready for work but all
I want to do is hide in my bed.

In the kitchen, Ben is already making some breakfast for himself. I go
to the refrigerator to grab our pitcher of water, but I drop it from how
badly my hand is shaking. Ben looks over agitated from the jump scare.

“You good man?”

I stare back at him without saying anything.

“You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”

The irony of this actually elicits an exasperated laugh from me.

“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” I finally say.

“Yeah, probably not.” Ben replies. He finishes his cereal and puts the
bowl in the sink by me. “I’m gonna leave you to whatever this is.” He
says as he heads off to work.

I stand motionless in the kitchen staring out the window.

Later at work, Ms. Tina has to repeatedly scold me because I can’t
focus. My thoughts are consumed by what might happen tonight. I could
probably stay at my parents house, but I can’t bring myself to ask them.
“I think there’s some ghost people living in the woods that are going to
kill me. Can I stay at y’all’s house?”

After a while of being lost in my own thoughts, a good idea finally
crosses my brain. My older brother moved out some years back but my
parents have left his room basically untouched. He was obsessed with
guns growing up and I bet there’s something still laying around in
there. I give my mom a call that I’ll be swinging by the house later to
pick up something I forgot the last time I had dinner there.

After work, I rummage through my brother’s room quickly looking for a
gun. It takes me a second, but I find a small .22 rifle under his bed.
Not as much punch as I was hoping for but it’ll have to do. I make up an
excuse to my parents that raccoons have been getting into our garbage
and I need to scare them off.

I climb into bed that night with the .22 laying next to me. The only
things on my mind: don’t look through the window and don’t fall asleep.

Surprisingly, I find that the not falling asleep part is much harder. My
eyelids feel like bricks are tied to them. It’s already almost 3 A.M.
and there’s been no sign of singing or anything from outside, which is
somehow making my nerves even worse. I try to convince myself maybe it
was a fluke. I could’ve been really tired and just imagining things this
whole time. That wouldn’t explain how Bobby knew about them though. I
wish I hadn’t thought of that, I’d rather be delusional right now.

As these thoughts are passing by, I move from laying on my side to
slightly prop up against my headboard. My window is to my left with the
blinds down. I will not be touching those. I look straight forward to my
dresser just to the right of my door that hosts a tiny little TV I got
for Christmas around eight years ago.

I’m taking in the details of my room in the darkness when suddenly I see
something out of the corner of my eye. My skin goes cold. I see a face
staring at me from the doorway. I have no idea how long she’s been
there, but I can tell it’s her. She has her bonnet on but it’s pushed
back to reveal her face. She doesn’t look to be any older than 15. I’m
frozen in terror. My body won’t move and all I can do is stare back at
her. The eye that I can see is completely white with no pupil yet
there’s no secret where she’s looking. The corner of her mouth is
twisted upward slightly into a wicked grin. She looks like a child
playing hide and seek, waiting giddily to be found and I’ve just caught
her.

My eyes flicker over to the gun to my right. My body is still paralyzed
from the shock and won’t move. I look back to the door and see that
she’s moved further into the doorframe. She’s nearly in the room and has
a full open mouthed smile now. I’m appalled at what’s inside. Her teeth
are long, thin, and sharp like those of a fish. They’re too long to fit
correctly in her mouth so her gums are actively bleeding. Some blood
manages to make it out of her mouth and down her lips to her chin. She
doesn’t move a muscle, letting the blood drip off her chin to the floor.

I can finally start to feel control of my body coming back and I manage
to choke out some words, “Why…are…you-”

Before I can finish my sentence, she slowly raises her pale finger up to
her lips to silence me. Her nails are inky black, the only thing on her
that isn’t bone white. I start whimpering like a puppy. She seems amused
by this, smiling wider now. More blood drips down her chin. I can
finally feel my right hand and begin to move it slowly to the gun. With
my finger carefully wrapped around the trigger, I muster all my strength
to whip the gun up and point it back towards the door. She doesn’t
flinch. I freeze up, forgetting to pull the trigger. Her smile drops
into a frown and her eyes narrow at me. I see her slowly back away into
the black hole of the hallway leaving me alone in the darkness.

Friday

I wake up in a panic the next morning, sucking in for air as I bolt
straight up. My back is wet from the pool of sweat left on my bed in the
night.

A loud thud rings through the kitchen as I drop the .22 on the table in
front of Ben. He looks startled.

“What the fuck man?

“There is in fact something wrong.” I say curtly.

“Yeah, clearly.” He responds sarcastically.

“I know you’ve noticed I’ve been acting strange.”

Ben nods in agreement.

“Well there’s a very serious reason for that.”

He shakes his head as if to say get on with it.

“There are people in the woods Ben.”

A deafening silence follows.

“What?” Ben finally says confused.

“This past week I started hearing sounds in the night coming from
outside. Monday night I finally looked out my window and I saw her. A
pale girl in an old white dress. She was just staring forward standing
at the edge of the woods. I found something at the library where a man
described the same thing, so I found him. He told me not to let them see
me or I’d die like his wife. Well they saw me, and last night she was in
the house.”

I finally finish spilling the information out and take a deep breath.
Ben just stares at me like I’m crazy. Eventually he finally cracks a
smile.

“You’re fucking with me.” He says.

“Ben, I’ve never been more serious about anything in my life. She just
stood in my doorway and stared at me, then slowly backed away into the
hallway.”

Ben’s smile slowly starts to fade when he realizes I’m not joking. I can
be funny at times, but he knows I’m not really one to pull elaborate
pranks.

“Well, how’d she get in without the alarm going off?” He asks.

“I have no idea, but we need to get out of the house.”

“And go where? My family doesn’t live here like yours. I can’t just up
and leave.”

He looks down at the .22 on the table. 

“What were you planning on doing with that little peashooter? You need
much more-” He trails off. 

His eyebrows shoot up like he’s thought of something. He puts up his
pointer finger to signal me to wait before leaving the table to run to
his room. Coming back to the kitchen, Ben carries a huge revolver and
cocks it.

“When the hell did you get that?” I ask.

“Month ago. Found it at the pawn. Sick isn’t it?”

“Does it work?”

“What kinda question is that? Obviously.”

He starts grinning and for the first time in a week, I feel some sense
of ease that things may end up working out.

When night approaches, my body twitches at every owl’s hoot or snapping
of a branch coming from the forest tonight. Ben and I sit in the living
room together with our guns in our hands. We discussed at length whether
to leave the lights on or off. We finally decide to turn the lights off
to draw less attention from outside, but now every dark crevice of the
living room holds a secret that something might be waiting.

It’s getting really late and we’re both starting to doze off, so we
decide to take hour-long shifts. I tell Ben I’ll take the first one
trying to sound brave. In reality, I’m way too scared to go to sleep
right now. 

Minutes tick by as I grip tightly to my gun listening out for any
possible intruder. It’s not even half way into the first shift when I
hear that dreadful noise. The singing. It’s the loudest I’ve heard yet,
like a huge chorus. I shove Ben awake.

“Wake up man!” I blurt in a hushed tone.

Ben wakes up slowly at first and then all at once when he hears the
chorus coming from outside. His eyes widen. It’s as if up to this point
he wasn’t completely convinced it wasn’t a prank but now it’s dawning on
him how serious I am.

I motion to him to be quiet with my finger to my mouth and lead him
crouching to my room. We enter and slink over to the window with our
guns in hand. Ben purses his lips and looks at me waiting for me to look
out first. I roll my eyes before lifting up one of the blinds ever so
slightly.

The scene in the forest couldn’t be worse. What looks to be some 20 or
30 of the pale ones have all lined the forest edge staring straight at
the house. Ben’s head pops up next to mine and he lets out a groan.

“You’re fucking joking.” he lets out dejectedly.

“I wish I was.” I say shakily.

“We have to get out of here. Like right now man.”

“That’s what I was trying to tell you earlier. I think it’s too late
though. We’re safer in here.”

Ben looks terrified and shakes his head, “Nah man I gotta go.” He gets
up to head for the door.

“Ben, wait!” I say holding my arm out to stop him. I’m able to grab his
arm and twist him back around facing me and the window. “I’m telling you
we-”

“WHAT THE FUCK!” Ben screams.

I spin around quickly to look at what he’s seeing and my heart stops.
The pale girl is coming towards us in a walk that turns to a jog before
picking up speed into a full out sprint. Ben rushes out of my room
before I can stop him. I give chase.

“Stop man. We need to stay together!” I yell at him chasing him through
the living room into the kitchen, but before I can stop him he’s already
out the front door. I let the door swing back into my face and
instinctively lock it immediately. My heart is thumping so loud I can
hear it pulsing in my ears. I want to go outside and help Ben but I just
can’t seem to move my body. 

A few moments pass and a gun shot rings out. 

Then another. 

Another. 

It’s now or never I tell myself before opening the door and running
outside. I follow two more gunshots toward the backyard and that’s where
I find Ben. He’s surrounded by the pale ones. 

“PLEASE! PLEASE DON’T!” He screams in guttural fear.

I can do nothing but watch frozen in fear as they encircle him. Two of
the pale ones take hold of Ben’s arms and bend him forward on his knees
so that his back is to the sky. The pale farmer comes forward with his
pitchfork, raises it in the air, and skewers Ben through the back. Ben
makes a gurgling sound and coughs up blood. He starts whimpering in pain
as the farmer starts to lift his body into the air with the pitchfork.
Ben’s body slides down as the forks protrude out through his chest. He
coughs up more blood and lets out a sound that makes my stomach curdle.
As he flails in the air on the pitchfork, the rest of the pale ones
start ripping at his skin. I throw up as I watch my friend get flayed
alive.

After I’m done retching, I look up to see the girl standing at the back
of the crowd as she turns to me and gives me that same smile from the
night before. Some of Ben’s flesh hangs off her teeth. My body starts
moving out of carnal survival instinct. I move in a sprint to the woods,
looking back one final time to see that the rest of the pale ones have
turned their gaze to me. I flip my head back around and focus only
forward, running as fast as I can.

I don’t know how long I’ve been running. I’m not the most athletic
person and I can feel myself losing steam. All I can hear is the sound
of my breath heaving, heart pounding, and the sticks and leaves
crunching under my foot. I’m too scared to look back but I start hearing
more running feet than just mine. They’re chasing me and gaining ground
fast. I have to keep going but I’m running out of breath.

Just keep moving forward.

Keep moving forward.

Keep moving.

Keep.

There’s a whistle as something flies through the air and suddenly the
ground is crashing into view. I use my arms to pick myself up slightly
and look down at the forks skewering me. Blood drips out of my chest. I
can taste pennies. There’s blood pooling in my mouth. I try to crawl
away but I’m not able to make it far before something crushes my hand..
My vision wanes but I can see a pale white boot pinning my hand to the
ground go in and out of focus. Then there are more feet. My body is
going numb as I begin to pass out, but I feel hands grabbing at me
before everything goes dark.

My eyes open to bright green grass and I snort out some dirt from my
nose. I close my eyes again and subtly test the validity of my
appendages. Everything seems to be there. I open my eyes again and look
up to see the forest is bright as day. They’re all around me. A group of
settlers from early America. Behind them is an old village with small
farms surrounding it. Scanning around, I finally see her. A radiant
young girl in a beautiful old dress. She smiles at me sweetly and places
out her hand for me to grab.

“Welcome.”
