I’ve always despised the dentist; I don’t think anyone enjoys it aside
from the one getting paid for it. My gag reflex would trigger like a
machine gun when they’d cram that plastic wedge between my teeth to
capture X-rays. My daughter, Daisy, didn’t take after me in that way.
She never gave the dentist any problems and always left showing off her
baby, pearly whites with a cherry lollipop— always cherry— in hand. I
was grateful that she was a much easier kid than I was to my parents.

I just wished Amelia had gotten to see it.

During birth, she was screaming so loudly that it practically shattered
the lights. But once Daisy was out, Amelia’s cries quickly silenced.
Both life and death in their freshest forms before me— I shut down and
stared blankly as they attempted CPR. Her wide, vacant eyes gazed out
the window, as if she’d seen a UFO hovering. It was a beautiful day, and
I remember walking out with Daisy alone and resenting that. Fuck the
soothing breeze and fuck the hot sun and the cotton candy clouds. Fuck
all of it. The sky should’ve fallen when she died. It all should’ve shut
down with me.

But it didn’t. The earth keeps turning, the birds keep chirping, and
you’re told promises at the funeral like “if you need anything, just
call,” only for that offer to expire once your pain is old news. I felt
like I was living one of those morbid storylines you see in a melodrama
and think “God, I’m so glad that’s not me.” I was alone with my
firstborn in a house we could only afford on two incomes. 

Every time I had a dilemma, I would turn to ask Amelia, just to find the
empty space beside me. I’d have to clean my tears off Daisy while
changing her diaper. I loved her so much that my heart expanded beyond
its capacity to fit her in it— but she also took who was in there first.
It wasn’t her fault; I knew that wasn’t how it worked. But it’s how I
truly felt; I couldn’t deny it.

I didn’t know what else to make of it, where else to put all of it. I
didn’t imagine any of this without Amelia; I didn’t want to do it
without her. But Daisy deserved better than that; she didn’t ask for
this either, so I pulled up my bootstraps and adapted to the best of my
ability. Six years later, I watched as the dentist spun a handheld
mirror around the back of her teeth.

“Looks like you’ve been brushing twice a day; is that correct?” She
asked with a chirpy tone.

Daisy smiled and nodded.

“Great job! I, for one, think that deserves a lollipop and a sticker.”

Her jaw dropped, and she mouthed the words— “A sticker.” Then, while
removing the mirror, it nudged against her bottom teeth, and one of them
shifted with ease.

“Oh! Looks like you’ve got a loose tooth.”

Her excitement beamed brighter. On the way out, the dentist gave her a
goodie bag containing a brush, toothpaste, floss, and a tiny
tooth-shaped container to put her incisor in once it fell out. In the
car, she kicked her feet against her pink cheetah-print car seat to the
rhythm of the pop song on the radio. It was a grating tune that only
festered my migraine— a persistent problem I needed to see a doctor for—
but she enjoyed it, so I made the sacrifice. With one hand on the wheel,
I used the other to massage my temples. Through the rearview mirror, I
could see her pushing the tooth with the bud of her tongue.

“Daisy, stop. It’ll fall out on its own.”

“But I want it out now,” she whined.

“I know, but it needs time.”

She stopped for a few minutes before I caught her doing it again.
“Daisy, I said stop. You’re gonna make yourself bleed.”

“No, I’m not!”

“Yes, you are.” My tone sharpened, bolts of pain rocking my skull.
“Please, hun, just leave it alone.”

She huffed and puffed but stopped again. While merging onto the freeway,
I caught her tweezing at the tooth with her fingers.

“Daisy!” I turned and shouted while attempting to yank her hand from her
mouth. “Is saying it once not fucking enough?!”

By the time I returned my attention to the road, my front end was
crumpled like an accordion against the bumper of the Ferrari in front of
me. My headache was paralyzing, along with the sound of Daisy’s cries
and the stench of engine smoke. Through the haze, I could see a
twenty-something guy in a backwards snapback emerge, hands thrown up,
barking inaudible curses.

“Daisy… hun, are you okay?”

She nodded through sobs, a snot bubble popping at her nostril.

“I’m gonna be right back; I just have to… deal with this.”

I stepped out of the car and attempted to approach him calmly. “I’m so,
so sorry. My daughter—”

“You fucked up my car, yo! Are you blind?”

The trunk of his bumblebee-yellow Roma Spider was caved in, his license
plate fallen on the pavement among the red and orange shards from the
broken lights. His anger only escalated once I told him I don’t have car
insurance; we lost it after Amelia’s death, and I kept missing payments.

“Please, don’t get the cops involved. Not in front of my daughter. I’ll—
I’ll pay, I’ll pay every dime. We can exchange info.”

He scoffed. “Do I look like I was born yesterday? I’m callin’ the cops.”

I leaned against our car with my head in my hands until the police
arrived. The encounter not only cost me out-of-pocket for the car damage
but also legal fees and medical costs after he claimed a neck injury; it
all totaled thousands. Two thousand four hundred eighty-two, to be
exact. They also revoked my license, so now I had to figure out how to
get to and from work to pay it all off. 

The cherry on top: I had to empty the little bit of money I had in my
bank account to fund an Uber home. I had been tight on money for the
past three months after losing my job as an electrician. I failed a drug
test from doing cocaine while hammered with a buddy of mine the night
before, and was struggling to maintain mental stability and reliability
for new employment. 

I couldn’t even say we were living paycheck-to-paycheck ’cause I wasn’t
getting one. All I had was combined savings that Amelia and I were
building for Daisy’s arrival, and it was nearly all gone. Five flights
up was our dingy apartment with water-stained ceilings and the ambiance
of a subway occasionally roaring by. Daisy’s prior excitement was now
dimmed with gloom, her cheeks sticky with dry tears.

“I’m sorry about today, I just… You need to listen to me when I tell you
to do something. Especially when I’m driving, and I need to focus.
Okay?”

Like a sad puppy, she nodded. She was impossible to stay mad at; I
kneeled and pulled her in for a hug. Some days, I was angry that she
took Amelia from me, while on others, I was grateful to have a piece of
her left in flesh and blood. Later that night, we watched Monsters
Inc. for the umpteenth time, and we both cried for the umpteenth time
when they had to say goodbye to Boo. At bedtime, I tucked her in and
kissed her head before turning out the light. Then, I washed down four
ibuprofen with a beer and unfurled onto the living room couch before
flipping through TV channels.

Aside from the car wreck, this was how most of my days looked— my ass
planted on the couch with a bottle in hand. Rinse and repeat. When I was
with Amelia, we’d go to Manhattan and get drunk at rooftop clubs and
swim in infinity pools before taking the train home, where she’d snore
on my shoulder. My feet would be adorned in red bottoms and hers in
Calvin Klein, ’cause her feet hurt and she couldn’t walk straight. I
didn’t ever want to see her in pain; it made my chest ache. For her to
be dead… A piece of me permanently chipped off, and nothing returned in
its place. I could never forget the first time Daisy asked me about her.

“Daddy,” she began with an inquisitive tone at the dinner table, her
fork toying with mac and cheese.

“Yes?”

“At let out—” this is what she called dismissal at school— “I see
Mommy’s picking up. Where’s my Mommy?”

I slowed my chewing of the piece of broccoli in my cheek like a
squirrel.

“Um…” I mumbled with a mouthful before gulping. “She, uh… Mommy’s not
here anymore.”

“Where’d she go?”

“She’s in the sky… She’s an angel. God needed her back.”

I didn’t believe that, but Amelia did. It was the least I could do.

“Why take my Mommy? Why not anybody else’s?”

“I, uh… I don’t know, hun. She was just the most special of the bunch, I
guess.”

You’re majorly blowing this, I thought to myself.

“Can she come back?”

I sawed my microwave steak with a knife. “Daisy, sweetie, let’s have
this conversation another time. Not at the dinner table.”

“Is she gonna be an angel forever?”

“Daisy! What did I say? Once is enough.”

Her shoulders tucked to her ears as her eyes averted.

“And finish your broccoli; it’s good for you.”

Eventually, we had a proper conversation about how Mommy is permanently
gone and in heaven watching over us. But I told her nothing about her
dying in childbirth; that was a conversation for when she was older. She
started crying, which caused me to start crying, too. And we sobbed in
each other’s arms, even past her bedtime.

A week after the dentist, I picked her up from school, and she
ecstatically presented her tooth.

“It fell out in class! Right on my book!”

“Y’know what you get to do with it now?” I raised a brow and grinned.

Her face lit with wonder. “What?”

“You get to leave it under your pillow for the tooth fairy,” I answered
with an air of wispy mysticism.

“The tooth fairy?” She was pronouncing it like “toof” from the gap in
her mouth.

“Yup. When one of your teeth falls out, you leave it under your pillow
at night for her. In the morning, there’ll be money in its place.”

She displayed her awe with her mouth in an O-shape. At home, we kept the
tooth safe in its case until nighttime, when she ran to grab it from the
kitchen counter and placed it under her pillow.

“When is she gonna get here?” She asked with jittery enthusiasm.

“While you’re asleep, silly! Like Santa.”

She pouted. “But she’s a fairy! I wanna see her… I bet she’s so pretty.”

“I bet so, too, kiddo. But she can’t be seen, or else she’ll lose her
magic. You don’t want that, right?”

She shook her head.

“Alright, so be a good girl and go to bed. You have school in the
morning.”

“I know…”

Once she was asleep, I opened my wallet and was met with unexpected
emptiness. I could’ve sworn I at least had singles before I remembered
two nights ago at the bar with Ricky, where I was so drunk I tossed
bills at the bartender like he was a stripper. Even if I were thousands
in debt, Daisy’s childhood was abnormal enough, and she deserved
something as simple as believing in a fairytale. I searched every nook
and cranny of the apartment for coins at the least, but found nothing.
After searching the couch to no avail, I collapsed onto it and stared at
the ceiling.

What the fuck am I supposed to do? I can’t even find a penny for my
daughter— where am I getting two hundred grand?

My solution to the frustration was the same as everything else: a beer.
There was no chance I was getting money that night; nobody trusted me
enough to ask. I felt horrible that I’d even introduced Daisy to the
concept of it just to not be able to fulfill it. I knew disappointment
was a part of life, but I wanted as little of it for her as possible.
Getting the money for the accident was something I couldn’t even think
about without inducing an instant migraine. By 1 am, I was plastered and
giggling at South Park like an oaf while reaching forward to dab my
fingertip in the last of my coke before rubbing it on my gums. An hour
later, I was practically comatose.

At 3 am, I woke up in a cold sweat from a nightmare I’d already
forgotten. The room was nearly pitch black, only dimly illuminated by
the green glow of the cable box clock and the moonlight that leaked
through the crack of the drawn curtains. I was still intoxicated, and my
stomach was swirling with nausea. Then, as I went to turn to my side and
close my eyes, I noticed something in the back left corner of the room,
next to the window. A bony, inky silhouette stood on the ceiling with
pin-straight posture, its arms hovering at its sides. From floor to
ceiling was nine feet, and its head was at least three feet from the
ground.

A curtain of seemingly knotted hair dangled from its scalp and brushed
the floorboards with its frizzy tips.

“H-Hello…?” I mumbled drunkenly.

The silhouette kneeled and arched like a scared cat through stuttering
movements as if it were a malfunctioning animatronic, its bones audibly
cracking with each shift while something else clacked like marbles.

“What the fuck…?” I rubbed my eyes and rapidly blinked.

Once the blur cleared, I saw that the shadow was gone. Then, I looked at
the empty dime bag on the coffee table.

I think I need a new plug.

The next morning, I groggily woke up at 6 am to mentally prepare before
Daisy needed to be up at 7. I tossed the empty bottles and cleaned the
cocaine residue before brewing a cup of coffee that I nursed at the
kitchen counter.

“Daddy! Daddy!” She called excitedly from the hall.

She was awake a half hour earlier than she was supposed to be, which was
a rarity. Daisy valued her sleep and usually threw a tantrum before
school.

“Yeah, hun?”

She ran into the room with something cradled in her arms.

“She came! She came!”

With the rim of the mug at my lips, my brows furrowed. Then, I spit out
my mouthful at the sight of the wads of cash she was holding.

“Where… Where did you get this?”

“Under my pillow! There’s more! Come look! Look!”

In a daze, she took my hand and led me to her room, where the tooth was
gone, and there was more money— mostly hundred-dollar bills. She jumped
for joy around her room with handfuls of cash while I just stared in
shock. I pinched my thigh to check if I was dreaming, but winced at the
sharp pain. Eventually, I cracked a smile, which sprouted into a grin,
and I jumped around with her. It was more money than I’d ever seen in my
life; the bills felt warm, smelled fresh off the press. It didn’t make
any logical sense, but I didn’t care. It was real, and it could fix
everything.

After the school bus picked up Daisy, I called Ricky— who occasionally
deals on the side— and asked if I could come over and use his money
counter. When I brought the bagful of money, he was slack-jawed.

“Did you rob a fuckin’ bank? Am I now an accessory or whatever?”

I laughed anxiously. “No, no. I, uh… Got rear-ended by some douchebag
with no insurance. Basically totaled my car, fucked my neck up a bit,
too.” I rubbed my nape for effect.

“Shit, man, I’m sorry to hear that. At least he paid up.”

“Yeah, it’s… It’s a lot.” I had to swallow the froth in my mouth at the
sight of the green.

After tediously feeding the cash through the machine, the final number
was a surprisingly specific and familiar one: Two thousand four hundred
eighty-two. Ricky noticed my expression stiffen.

“You okay, dude?”

“Yeah, just… Wow,” I chuckled with a tight chest.

“Yeah, wow. What ya gonna spend it on?”

“Oh, y’know… Strippers and blow.”

In actuality, I left Ricky’s and paid off all the money I owed, which
felt like relieving a sack of bricks from my back. Although it would’ve
been nice to have money leftover, it was still better than crippling
debt. When I picked Daisy up from school, she asked if we could go
shopping with her money.

“That was… a lot of money, sweetie. Way more than someone your age
needs. So I’m putting it away safely for when you’re bigger. Okay?”

She frowned and kicked her car seat. “Why? It’s mine! It was my tooth!”

I was hoping to get her mind off of it now and then lie that it was just
a dream she had one time when she was older.

“Daisy, we talked about this. One time.”

“It’s not fair!”

“Enough! Alright? You’ll understand when you’re older and actually need
money.”

I ignored her hissy fit on the way home while a migraine pulsed. At
dinner, she brought it up again.

“Can I have some of it?”

“No! Mention it again, and you’re grounded.”

She threw down her fork and slumped in her chair.

“Mom would’ve let me…” She grumbled.

My jaw clenched and my skin burned with anger. “Well, she’s not here.
And whose fault is that? Hm?”

Then, I was quickly overcome with guilt as her face crumbled into tears.
I reached for her, but she ran to her room and slammed the door. The
migraine was only inflaming, and I was sick at the fact that I’d just
said that to her. Later, I attempted to knock on her door, but it was
locked, and she ignored my calls through the door. So I gave her space
and washed the dirty dishes in silence. 

On the far wall of the living room, I noticed that a photo frame on the
wall was crooked. After adjusting it, I paused with its frame in my
hands. It was Amelia and I at Disney World, her head resting on my
shoulders with her Mickey ears buried in my neck. Smiling with the
notion that it’d be the first of many trips.

Then, above it, I noticed a trail of dark scuff marks, like soot. I
followed it to the ceiling, where it ended at two ashy footprints that
were bigger than a basketball player’s with three hooked toes. I rubbed
my eyes like last time, but when the blur cleared, the stains remained.

Last night, was that…? No, it’s not possible.

I didn’t know why I even bothered questioning what was possible after
the exact amount of money I needed appeared out of thin air under my
daughter’s pillow. “Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth,” my mother
always told me growing up. With a ladder and sponge, I scrubbed away the
marks before Daisy saw, and once I was done, I cracked a beer and
lounged on the sofa.

Two days later, the bills for our apartment came in, and rent combined
with utilities sank us into another thousand-dollar hole. While sitting
at the table with the paper, massaging my forehead, Daisy approached me
docilely.

“Dad…? Is everything okay? Are you getting head hurt again?”

“Yeah, just a little bit, baby… I’ll be okay.”

She wrapped her arms around my leg and rested her head on my knee.

“Don’t got any more loose teeth, do ya?” I asked half-jokingly.

“No, I’m sorry… Are we gonna be okay?”

“You don’t need to be sorry. It’s ok; we’re okay. It’s nothing you need
to worry about.”

The next morning, around 11 am, I received a call from the school nurse.
She explained that while playing tag, Daisy slipped and planted
face-first onto the pavement, knocking one of her front teeth out. They
had her slumped in the office with an ice pack on her bloody, swollen
mouth. When I asked her what happened, she described it less like
slipping and more like tripping.

“Somebody made me fall… but I didn’t see anyone. There was no one
around.”

“Are you sure you didn’t just hit a rock or a puddle? Were your
shoelaces tied?”

“Yes!” She winced when she spoke. “I felt it, like someone stuck their
foot out…”

I took her from school to an emergency appointment at the dentist, where
she reassured me that her mouth was fine and would only be sore for a
few days. The tooth was split into two jagged halves, and it concerned
me that part of my worry was spent on whether or not the fairy would
still find it valuable.

“Do I get to keep the money this time?” She asked as I tucked the pieces
under her pillow.

“We’ll see what happens tomorrow and talk about it then, okay?”

“Okay…” She shrank under the covers with a frown.

I felt she was naive to the inherent luck that came with being young
enough to have no financial worries. I was willing to bet she’d be
happier with a roof over our heads than a new doll. Just as I was about
to pop the cap off a bottle, Ricky texted me asking if I wanted to hit
the local pub for a few hours. We played a round of pool, and he slipped
a nicotine pouch in his cheek before breaking the rack.

“Everything’s been good with you and the little one? How’s your neck?”

“All good, all good… The ache finally stopped.”

“They put you on any good meds?”

I laughed coyly as I withheld an odd question. “Hey, Rick… You, uh… Are
you a skeptic? Like, do you believe in ghosts? Goblins? Fairies?”

“Shit, I mean, ghosts maybe. I don’t know about the rest. Why, have you
been taking shrooms? Are you gettin’ all spiritual on me? Gonna leave
offerings in the woods?” He teased.

“Nah, nah… Just something Daisy’s been fixated on. Her books and
imagination and… whatnot.”

I thought about it standing on the ceiling, its hands positioned for a
prowl. I’d have been more fearful of the encounter if it clearly wasn’t
generous. Teeth were a small price to pay for what she offered in
return, and Daisy still had 18 more waiting to fall. After a drunken
walk home, I entered our apartment to footsteps creaking from another
room.

“Daisy? Are you awake?” I slurred.

All the lights were off, so I used my phone’s flashlight to navigate.
When I reached her bedroom door, I noticed it was cracked open.

“You okay, hun?”

I opened the door, and in the scope of the glow, I caught a glimpse of
it towering at her bedside, its grey, noodle-thin arm digging under her
pillow. Every inch of its body was devoid of fat or much muscle, just
taut skin wrapped around pointy bone. Except for its stomach— it
appeared swollen to the point of bursting, its surface veiny and lumpy.
One hand retrieved the two halves of the tooth between its long, brown,
chipped fingernails while the other slipped its fingers through a fold
above its gut. 

Then, it stretched open what appeared to be a pouch like a kangaroo
before dropping the tooth in; the audible drop sounded as if it were
added to a pile. Next, it hunched over as it began releasing a scratchy,
choking noise. Syrupy saliva spilled onto the floorboards as a wad of
cash emerged from one of its mouths like a printer before plopping into
its open palm.

Frozen in the doorway, it finally noticed me, its bobblehead screwed
atop a thin neck twisting toward me. Through the splits of its patchy,
salt-and-pepper hair, I saw a mess of facial features, as if someone had
eaten them all off, swished them around their mouth, and then spit them
back on her face. Eyes gaped at me from her chin, serrated teeth behind
twitching lips where an eyebrow should be. Then, it suddenly dropped the
money, flopped onto its back and used its legs to scurry under Daisy’s
bed, its arms limply dragging behind as it maintained its glare on me.
As it vanished beneath the bedframe, I stumbled backward ’til I hit the
wall, my heart drumming in my ears.

“D-Daisy…! Honey, wake…”

My pleas were silenced as I stared at the cash on the ground; another
stack of fresh hundreds wrapped in a band. With shaking hands, I
snatched the money before hesitantly checking under her bed— but there
was nothing; it was gone. But rent was paid the next morning, and Daisy
was unharmed, so I attempted to bury the frightful sight in the back of
my mind. It could’ve hurt her, but it didn’t. It just wants teeth. Why
us, though, I wondered. Why not some other kid, some other struggling
family? Did it visit house to house like Santa? Or were Daisy’s teeth
just the creme de la creme?

When a month passed with no positive job responses and no more loose
teeth, I began to hope for the former, and that it had a wide palette of
tastes. Daisy was at school, and I was staring at myself in the bathroom
mirror with a pair of pliers, debating which tooth would hurt the least
to remove. I landed on the answer that all of them are gonna equally
hurt like a motherfucker, so I said “fuck it” and crammed the metal jaws
around one of my molars and clenched the handles before yanking. 

There was more resistance than I was expecting, like pulling a deeply
rooted tree from the ground. Blood and groans poured from my mouth as I
wiggled it loose until it finally released with a rip. Lightheaded, I
leaned against the sink, the pearlescent curves colored with crimson
drops.

Once I regained my balance, I rinsed my gum with saline before shoving
gauze over the hole and popping five ibuprofen. The pain was
excruciating, and combined with my migraines, my head felt as if it were
going to detonate. I struggled to even sip a beer and ached to the point
of exhaustion, so I slept until Daisy shook me awake after walking
through the door.

“Daddy! Where were you?”

I’d completely forgotten I was supposed to meet her at the bus stop.

“And why are you puffy?”

My cheek was inflamed from the DIY dental extraction, my lips crusted
with blood.

“I’m ok, I just… fell while cleaning up around the house. I’m so sorry,
hun. I completely lost track of time.”

“Please, don’t leave me again. I had to walk home, and she wouldn’t stop
following me. Watching me.”

I sat up with furrowed brows. “Who? Was someone at school bullying you?”

She shook her head. “No, she’s too old for school.”

My concern grew stronger. “What did she look like? Where was she
watching you from?”

She stopped speaking and twiddled her fingers; I could tell she wanted
to say something that she didn’t think I’d believe.

“Daisy,” I probed firmly.

“The sky! Higher than the trees… She was too far, but I saw her! Flying
like a bird!”

I laughed with a tinge of fear. “People can’t fly, honey, you know that.
That’s only in your books.”

“I saw it, Dad! She was in the sky! Is she the one bringing the money?
Is that the tooth fairy?”

Her anger turned to eager curiosity, but I felt it was better that she
remained outside of this.

“Your imagination is what it was. Now c’mon, start your homework now,
and you’ll get an extra hour of TV time.”

“But the fairy—”

“One time, Daisy,” I cut her off sternly.

With a snarling pout, she stomped to the kitchen table and unzipped her
Toy Story backpack. At night, I placed the blood-stained tooth under my
pillow before falling asleep.

Let’s hope it accepts this…Teeth are teeth, right?

Suddenly, I was awoken from my slumber by the sensation of something
probing around my mouth.
