This story happened when I was a young adult, barely wiser than a
hatchling.

My country was hit by a terrible recession, which caused many to go
homeless, migrating in the thousands to the nearest homeless shelter. I
was one of those unfortunate people.

I moved into a shelter on the outskirts of my state’s biggest city, and
for some time, I had plenty of space for myself, but it did not take
long before new people started flocking to it, until the accommodations
were flooded. I started to feel afraid for my things, paranoid with the
idea that someone could steal my belongings, and I started looking for a
place to hide them. I end up finding a loose tile on the floor close to
the kitchen, and after bickering with the barely cemented sides, I found
an empty 1X1 space below it, perfect as a hiding spot for my
possessions.

After some weeks had passed since the first shock, the government
stopped providing sufficient meals for the homeless shelters around the
city, and people started panicking, screeching for help and sustenance
like one single abandoned brood. 

As eating from the shelter ceased to be an option, I started looking for
alternatives in order to survive the shortage. As the recession killed
the job market and left it to rot like a carcass in the sun, I was
forced to scavenge for food. Searching for nourishment in the trash like
a detritivore was humbling to me, but I can at least say I never lowered
myself into stealing from others… At least never from another human
being.

My strategy worked for a while, before the other homeless also started
foraging their own food, and soon the streets were clean of leftovers
like a bone who had its meat picked by too many birds. 

I finally realized how bad my hunger was when I noticed I was salivating
over a dead raccoon’s corpse, and decided something had to be done about
it before I became more desperate.

As I struggled to find food in the city center, I soared to the suburbs,
and looked for something to eat amidst the neighborhood’s outskirts,
amidst the trees and bushes that surrounded them. It was a breath of
fresh air to leave the urban area’s nauseating grey, and in the middle
of my foraging in the forest, I found a bird’s nest with five eggs
inside it.

I smiled with glee, happy that I was able to find something worthwhile
in my journey. With the benefit of retrospect, I wish I had left that
nest alone.

Right after I finished climbing up the tree to reach the eggs, I
pondered how many of them to take, as I did not want to delay the bird’s
population growth. I decided to take only two.

With my eggs in hand, I glided back to the city center, whistling a song
that was putting the birds around me to shame.

I had a friend in the shelter who knew how to make a campfire, and I
could use their help to fry the eggs. Of course, I would have to share
my food with them, but I preferred to pay half a meal than to try my
luck lighting fire with zero experience. I still wonder sometimes what
would have happened if I decided to do it myself, how many lives would
have been spared if I was a little bit more selfish, or too hungry to
share.

I arrived at the shelter, looking for my friend everywhere. After asking
around, people said my friend would not return to the shelter until the
afternoon, and my stomach crawled in protest.  Realizing there was
nothing I could do to make them come to the shelter faster, I decided to
apply the stoic doctrine, and let this problem be, as it would
inevitably fix itself. 

Walking around the shelter, I noticed that the number of people living
there increased exponentially in the last few weeks, even though the
shelter was not providing the resources that one would expect. I thought
that it might be related to the sudden increase in violence in the
streets, and that people could be moving more to the shelter in order to
be safer. I did not realize at the moment that this could make the
shelter more dangerous as well.

I got to my hiding spot, and put the eggs there, expecting no one to
take it. I then moved to my bed in the shelter, even more tired than
before, and decided to simply lay down and sleep. I was sick of
everything and everyone, and expected that my dreams could at least
drown the feeling of hunger away.

Before I had barely closed my eyes, I heard a scream outside, a crow’s
scream. The crowing was then followed by the calling of multiple other
crows, sounding like an entire murder around the shelter. Then the
nightmare started.

A body was launched into the shelter from the entrance door, hitting the
wall on the other side with full force. The corpse was my friend, with
its arms and legs mangled and both eyes missing. 

People screamed in horror as their mind started following the situation
around them. They tried to flee from the emergency doors, windows and
other entrances, but as they made their way towards those doorways, a
giant murder of crows started entering the shelter from them. They were
engulfed, and it was as if the shelter was being drowned in an all black
flood.

I looked around me in shock, as I saw the crows cut through human flesh
with supernatural ease, as if we were nothing but clay. I could only
scream and run, barely processing what was happening.

I heard a loud noise of all the entrance’s doors slamming shut, as the
bird’s crowing drowned the people’s cry for help. I realized that I was
running towards my hiding spot with only half a plan in my mind.

Two crows jumped into me as I was running, aiming at my face. As I put
my hand in front of their attack to protect myself , they closed their
claws in my right forearm and hand, slashing my skiing and muscles with
no problem. To this day, I still wonder if I did not simply imagine the
destructive capacity of that murder of crows, but I still have the marks
in my arm to prove the contrary.

I roared in pain, and started punching the birds with my left hand,
trying to make them let go of my arm, but it felt like punching a rock,
and I harmed myself more than I harmed the crows.

Before I could do anything else, they pushed me into the floor as I
started clawing for anything around me, anything that could save me, or
make the pain go away. My pleadings were answered with dismissal, as
other crows closed in on me. I felt claws closing in my face, thighs,
arms, back, torso, and was positive they would feast upon me whilst I
was still alive, even though barely so.

Before more harm could be done to my body, a group of homeless people
attempting to flee the crows ended up stumbling upon me and my captors
in the ground, shaking the situation enough so I could free me from
their claws and keep running.

I ran into the kitchen, opened the tile floor, and jumped onto it
without hesitation. I still remember hearing the hellish cacophony above
me as the people’s cawing was suffocated by the cruel murder. My mind
started working, and before I could even think straight, I already knew
I was the one to blame for it. 

I do not know for how long I stayed there, and I do not remember when I
passed out from my injuries, but I cannot ever forget the aftermath of
the crow’s attack once I left my hiding spot. The rescue team was still
picking up bodies when I emerged from below the floor tile, and even
with their rescuing efforts, there were still too many bodies around,
all mangled and eyeless, with expressions frozen in terror and wide open
mouths, like unanimated ventriloquist dolls.

I was the only survivor, and I still wonder if I deserved to live
knowing what I caused upon others.

On the positive side, that answer does not concern itself with my own
notions of right and wrong: since a couple of weeks ago, I see crows
everywhere, following me from a distance, but getting closer and bigger
in numbers as days go by. 

They already know the answer, I am just waiting for their decision.
