The room down the hallway stayed empty. 

My name Ava and recently me and my boyfriend moved into our first place
together. We got our place at a steal, three bedrooms for just the two
of us seemed unbelievable for your early twenties. We fixed up one room
for our bedroom, on the sun-facing side of the building. 

The second room was to be our workspace, as we worked and studied best
near each other. 

The third room down the hall stayed empty. 

Believe me, David and I have tried to fill it. I admit, we didn’t notice
at first just how empty the room was. For this, I blame the layout of
our apartment. 

The place was shaped like an “L” , with the room tucked at the end of a
long, narrow hallway. There were no other rooms near it, so when we were
settling in we were focused on setting up our living areas. 

Those were stressful but happy times. We tore plastic off of new chairs
and hammered wardrobes together. Each night we shoved the leftover boxes
in that room and quickly shut the door. We would fall into a deep sleep
curled into each other. 

I am ashamed to say I only picked up on the first signs a month into us
living there. We had mutually decided that day was Recycling Day and for
the first time, I spent longer than two minutes there. 

It is difficult to put into words, but I will try my best. It is
important you understand. 

The room contained so much stuff, but it yawned. My heart felt more
hollow as I continued my work of clearing out the mess. 

There was a certain moment where spots danced in my vision and I was
torn in half. 

This room is so empty. 

The spots grew until they swallowed me. 

I woke like a lightning bolt had struck my chest, gasping for air as if
I had been deprived. 

David had came home and found me collapsed in there. He fed me and his
brow furrowed as I tripped over my words trying to explain what
happened. After I trailed off he gave me a grim look and kissed my head
tenderly. 

“You have been working very hard, I think you should rest a few days and
take it easy. I will continue with the room tomorrow.”

I let myself be comforted, thinking he must be right. However, like a
opposite magnetic pull I could feel it from the other side of the house.
And something else I could not put my finger on, but I couldn’t decide
what was gone. 

David made good on this promise. The next day he put me up in the living
room facing the big window to catch some sunlight. And disappeared down
the hall, only emerging to give me water or food. I shuffled back to bed
after a late afternoon nap, my bones heavy. 

I could still hear him shuffling around in there, and dropped straight
off to more dreams. They were of holes and chasms and cliffs and space,
feverish and heartbreaking. 

In the morning light, I snapped up. David was next to me, shivering and
pale. After failing to wake him up, I called the ambulance. In the ER he
came to after a few hours, looking gaunt. 

It frightened me. They kept him overnight on IV antibiotics and fluids.
By the next afternoon he was out of the woods and released back home to
rest. They shrugged and wrote it off as a bacterial infection and
fatigue from high stress. 

Back home, the seams started to unravel. And I only noticed again after
a week of being back. 

Our apartment only had two rooms now. David had left the door open the
night before the hospital. 

It is important whoever finds this does not pry open the nails we
hammered into the door. If you look into the room from the window
outside, you will just see an empty room. 

We tried to fill it with furniture, roommates and art. We tried
everything and lost parts of ourselves each time we opened that door. 

Which is why I left this for you, new owner. 

I know it may seem strange to you that there is a room nailed shut from
the inside with intact windows. I tried everything to fill this room,
and I dragged David along with me.
