It were a strange house on a large hill that was three miles away from
town. 

This house was the talk of the town during our youth. Many kids had
claimed to go inside it and come back alive but no one actually did it.
Me and Mary decided to go up there. We were bored during summer break
and had nothing to do.

It was on a large hill, and while I did like spending time in nature I
didn’t like having to put my foot down on the upslope and risk spraining
my ankle or anything. Happened too many times for my taste. I was a bit
hesitant when we reached the foot of the hill that had overgrowth and
bushes everywhere. Thorns and barbs for me to pick out later. Mosquitos
and insects to bite our blood as well. I regretted it already.

At the entrance if you will it had a sign, an old wooden sign that
probably stood through the Great Depression.

Carved into the wood, red capital letters adorned the sign:

ABANDON HOPE ALL YE WHO ENTER HERE

“The Inferno.” I said when me and Mary saw it. I wiped the sweat from my
forehead and I damned the fact that I brought shorts. Summers in South
Carolina were hot but if I wore my jeans I woulda had more protection
against the insects.

“What?” she asked, looking at me confused. She never was one for the
arts except for the punk she liked.

I gestured with my hands, “When Dante and Vergil were about to enter
Hell the gate entrance had an inscription that said just that.”

She snorted, “Some weirdo probably wanted to mess with us.”

I could only concur.

The walk up there sucked, I think we walked for more than a mile upslope
through what felt like the woods. It was weird, we entered the bushy
path and somehow trees appeared. We were both tired so I didn’t question
much but it is something that gave me pause then.

Nature ended and we reached the end of the trail, and then the hair
raised on my arms as the house appeared. It looked like any normal house
just like in town, but it had no windows. Only the front door at the
porch. And it were in the middle of a clearing, only green grass around
no bushes no trees. It felt like something unnatural planted the house
in the middle of the woods and cleared everything in the vicinity.

But it just looked like a normal house. I did remark on the clearing
thing to Mary though.

All she said was “It’s just a house you pussy. C’mon.” she started
running through the grass. For a second there I forgot about the house
and followed her.

Eventually we reached the door, heaving and all. The journey was longer
than expected. Mary nodded at me and I knocked on the door.

No response. It was dead silent.

Mary shrugged and opened it. I didn’t question it and followed in.

The house in the inside looked nothing like the house on the outside. It
had windows first and foremost in both rooms, large grandiose windows
that didn’t show anything. It were like in a video games that my son
Paul plays. Light blue I remember.

We were in the beginning of a hall, green walls. To our sides were two
openings, the left led to a dining room, the right led to a living room.
At the end of the hall was a door, and the hall had nothing in it.

The difference was stark already then. The hall was green, the dining
room had a light blue aesthetic. The living room was dark red and moody.
It looked Victorian, rich and grand. Something none of us had back in
town.

“Huh. We didn’t get captured and eaten by a witch.” Mary quipped. We
spoke a lot about the house back in town. A lot of kids came up with a
lot of stories, scary ones. Most of them revolved about being killed.

I chuckled along but it didn’t feel right. We looked through the dining
room and it were normal. Too normal.

“There’s plate and glasses for guests, Mary,” I pointed at the long
table, “I don’t like this.”

She shrugged, “This house is abandoned. No one here. Not yet, anyway.”

We moved on to the living room. It was grand and had a roaring fireplace
and paintings and bookshelves. I checked the books and they were all old
classics. Above the fireplace there was this great painting, it awed
me. 

It was a realistic painting of a close up of an aristocratic man. Black
short hair, mutton chops but clean shaven, a nice uniform and he had his
hand in his pocket like Napoleon had. He looked calm and collected.

“Great painting,” I pointed. Mary snorted, “Dork.” she said as she sat
in a recliner and leaned back, enjoying the rest.

I sat down for a minute to rest my aching legs, “But shouldn’t we check
out the last room?” I asked. I meant the door at the end of the hall. 

She nodded and so we went. Like before she opened the door and I
followed after.

It was the same exact hall and two rooms like the last one. I blinked
and remembered how the house looked on the outside, it looked normal.
These two halls were impossibly long for how the house looked like on
the outside.

I tried the doorhandle behind me but it wouldn’t budge. No matter how
hard I gripped it. And I was a strong boy back then.

“Mary,” I said. She looked distraught and I did too. This was an
impossible situation we found ourselves in, a slight against our
Christian world. Something was wrong here of the supernatural kind.

“I don’t like this, John.” she whispered back. “I don’t neither.” I
replied.

It was bad. Real bad. I charged the door and it was like tackling
concrete.

“Maybe we should just continue?” I asked, unsure. She nodded. We didn’t
have much of a choice. Maybe it was the exit.

We continued down the long hall and entered the door. 

It slammed behind us. “John you fucking dick that was not funny!” Mary
turned around and yelled. I didn’t blame her.

“It weren’t me, Mary, I promise.” I said, my voice shaking.

“Swear it, John.”

“I swear Mary, I wouldn’t do such a thing!” 

I tried to open the door with the door handle and by shoulder charging
it but neither worked.

“The windows.” Mary said, looking off to the side, “We could break ’em.”

“With our bare hands? Do you want to bleed out?” everyone remembered
when Danny was dared to punch a window in school and he almost bled out.

She walked into the living room and took the fire poker from the roaring
fireplace, “Here, John.”

She gave it to me and I stepped up to the window and struck it with all
the power I had.

It were like stabbing a wall of brick. I dropped the poker and swore.
Screw it, I thought, I took a nearby chair and threw it with all my
might at the windows.

Didn’t budge. The silence was almost deafening as the chair landed on
the carpet with a thud. 

“Damnit!” I yelled, “How in the hell do we get out of here? Door don’t
work, windows don’t work. What the hell do we do?!”

Mary looked distraught, maybe I shouldn’t have yelled. “I don’t know,
John.” she said.

We stood there for a few seconds, me rubbing my aching forehead, “Well,
I don’t know,” I sighed, “Maybe we just continue? Maybe something will
change eventually?”

She nodded, “Yes, yes we should do that. Come here, John.” 

I followed behind her as we entered the next hall.

The door shut behind us, slowly this time. It was locked.

“We should look around and see if anything’s different.” Mary said.

We did just that and saw nothing different.

“Let’s go into the next.” I said, she nodded.

We entered the next hall and the door shut behind us. We did the same
thing and nothing.

We went into the next hall. I looked around and nothing changed.

We went into the next hall. Nothing changed.

“How long have we been here?” I thought out loud as the door shut behind
us. The watch was stopped at the time right before we entered this
house.

“Let’s just focus on getting out.” she replied.

We entered the next hall and finally we noticed a change.

The aristocratic man in the painting from before was frowning.

“Mary!” I said, ran from the dining room to me and I pointed at the man,
“He’s frowning now, Mary.”

She nodded, “Good, we’re making some progress. Maybe some paths will
open in the next hall. Or something. I don’t know.”

And so we were excited and we entered the next hall.

“Now he’s smiling,” I pointed at the painting. It was a content smile,
like someone told him his regiment had enough bread for the night and
his men were happy and not to mutiny.

“It’s a little progress at least,” Mary said quietly.

We went into the next hall and the smile was wider this time. Grinning.
Wickedly. Like he were about to engage in something fiendish, evil. 

“I don’t like his mug, John.” Mary said. I agreed with her.

We went into the next hall and the man in the painting was gone. The
space which he occupied was empty. Only the background, which was a
parlor, was seen.

I could see Mary’s frown but I reassured her, “Progress, Mary.”

We opened the door to the next hall and as soon as the door went open we
got pushed in by the wind. A force of something.

As we entered the room, the door behind us shut and I felt the handle by
instinct and it were locked. It was only after that I realised where we
were.

It was a study by candlelight, like from the early to mid 1800s. It
looked like Sherlock’s home on Baker Street, books on the ground, papers
everywhere, and most importantly, a figure sitting by the desk and
writing something.

He looked up, it was the man from the painting, with a disarming smile.
If it weren’t for the fact that we just went through some circle of
Hell, I woulda thought he was a good man. But he felt off to me.

“Mary and John,” he laid his pen on the desk and faced us from his grand
chair, “I have expected you two.”

His accent was from New England, like Ted Kennedy. That disturbed me, we
were in the middle of nowhere in South Carolina. I hadn’t heard anyone
speak like that except from the television and the radio.

“I assume your journey here was tough, so I must ask: what are you doing
in my house?” he asked in a smooth tone.

“Your house? This house has no owner,” Mary said.

The man snorted, “Well, the records are clearly wrong. This is my house.
Surely you must’ve noticed.”

We didn’t respond. I didn’t like how he said it was his house.

“Well,” he said while standing up, his frame coming into view. He looked
like he was straight from the Civil War, one of Stonewall’s lieutenants.
“You two are guests in my fine place of residence, here at least. Why
have you come all this way?”

“We were bored, sir,” I replied.

This got a reaction from the man, he laughed loudly, the laugh of an
aristocrat. “Bored? I have met many people, but they were never bored.
They had issues, yes, of the material kind mostly. But never boredom.”

He fiddled with his cane that he apparently had. I didn’t notice that he
had it before.

“Well, you are bored. So what do you want?”

“To get out of here.” Mary said.

The man frowned, “Really? Did you come here all this way just to leave?
That would be horrible.” he planted his cane on the ground, “Surely you
two want for something. Everyone does.”

We didn’t respond. The man grew confused, “Do you two even know who I
am?”

“No, sir.” I said.

He blinked and then laughed uproariously.

“Really? Oh well, I should’ve been clear from the start.” he cleared his
throat, “I apologise for my untimely manners, really. This does not
happen often, strangers entering without anything to say.”

He cleared his throat, “I am Satan himself.” he said in a smooth tone,
“The fallen angel who rebelled against tyranny and got cast down from
Paradise.”

“Bullshit,” Mary snorted, “you’re fucking with us.”

The man stared at Mary before snapping his fingers and the hearth in the
room went from barren to fire.

“I assure you, Mary, I am not.” he replied, “This house is one of my
many domains in this world.”

He spun his cane around before planting it on the ground again, “People
seek me out to make deals.” he said softly, “It’s all kind of deals.
From love to riches to even wishing the death of their gravest enemy.
And naturally, I always demand something in return. But I am
reasonable.”

“Like what, their souls?” I ask, my voice letting out words before I
could stop them.

“Sometimes, but that is a stereotype, really. I do not crave souls.” he
held up a finger, “Unless they want something extraordinary. Then I ask
for a soul.”

“But,” he leaned on his cane, “I make reasonable deals. I always give
what is requested, and I always get what I want. Always.”

He stared at us blankly.

I remember it now. He did not express feelings on his face when he was
not talking, his face would become blank and unfeeling. The stare of two
dead eyeballs like a spear into my own, and I didn’t know if he could
take my soul or not.

I could hardly believe what was happening.

“But I digress, I am getting ahead of myself. I have explained myself.
What do you two seek in life? Tell me, and we can make a deal.”

I balked at him, “I would never make a deal with the devil,” I said.

“Are you sure?” he queried, picking up his cane and walking with it in
his hands in front of us, pacing as if he were in great thought,
“Everyone wants something. You, John, for example, you want peace in
your home.”

My heart stopped and the hair on my skin raised, I was shocked that he
knew.

He smiled.

That smile I remember it was not a nice smile. I used to go hunting with
my father and every time we saw a deer or a boar or an animal we’d kill
he’d smile the same smile. It was wide as wide can be and teeth were
visible, and the eyes were crazy. The eyes are the important part of the
smile and the eyes showed glee, glee at being able to ruin something to
destroy something. I saw the glee in the devil’s eyes and I knew he
found happiness in watching me be scared like that.

“John?” Mary said. Mary didn’t know, I was a boy and boys don’t cry
about their issues like girls do. It’s not something I talked about.

“Oh, John,” Satan slammed his cane again with a normal smile on his
face, “The bottles being thrown at you, the wailing of your mother, the
constant cigarette smoke, the wretchful smell of alcohol on your
father’s breathe, why, it must be horrible, do you not think so?”

That was a rhetorical question.

“Not much can be done about it. You can’t change your father. You can’t
change your family. You are sixteen, you have mayhaps two years left of
this, this abuse, this… I do not have to explain it to you. What you are
suffering through is horrible, what you are going through is nothing I,
or Mary, or any of your peers could ever understand.”

He paused, face blank, my heart stopping, the candles still.

“…but, John, I could change it. With the simple snap of a finger, I
could fix it. Your father would change his ways, instead of throwing
bottles at you, he would play catch with you. Your mother would be
happy, your sisters as well. Think about it, John, it’s not you, it’s
your family this is about.” he argued, “Your father would become a man
of Christ, your father would become a good man. He would dote on his
grandchildren.”

Heart in my throat, dry mouth, blurs at the edge of my vision, the
feeling of buzzing in my fingers.

“If,” he held up a finger, “If you would enter into an agreement with
me. A deal if you will. After all, you came all this way, no? I’m not
asking for a soul. No, I am just asking for a… favour, in the future.”

“…a favour-”

“John!” Mary shook me, “John for fuck’s sake have you seen movies you
stupid fucking idiot, do not make a deal with the devil, you lovable
fool-”

“Mary!” the devil cried out jovially, “I understand, I understand. Hey,
I’m updated with modern trends. I have seen strange renderings of me,
and you know what else?” he paused, “I think I understand you, Mary.”

Her grip lessened.

“This town, this small town, this village who hates you, who bullies
you, why, you want away from all this do you not? Your domineering
parents, your idiotic peers, all you want to do is to take John and go,
to Hollywood, to other places that accept you, that like you, and I
understand that, Mary.”

She let go, and she listened. She listened to the devil.

“With a simple snap of the fingers, Mary, I could give you what you
want: freedom. Your life, which until now has been hard, it has been a
struggle, it has been difficult. Domineering, misunderstanding parents,
bullying peers, I could never understand it myself. A deal, Mary, a deal
with me, and I would make your life… easy. You would get into college,
you would pass your courses, get your degree, you would settle down with
John, you would have multiple healthy children and you would enjoy your
life. Truly, peace would be ensured for you, no more crying, no more
panic attacks, no more anything. Simply… peace.”

She was in a trance. We landed in his web and he managed to spin cobwebs
around us, what was left now was him eating our organs while we suffered
like Judas Iscariot.

“All you have to do is shake my hand, promise to fulfill a favour for
me, and you will get what you want deep down inside, Mary.”

Me and Mary locked eyes. An entire conversation spoken without words.

“W-What kind of favour are we talking about?” I said.

Satan shrugged, “A favour. A small one, really. You don’t have to worry
about it. I will come to collect on my favour in the future after you
two have reaped your part of our deal. Just a small thing, a little
favour.”

My heart was beating into my goddamned throat as I thought it through, a
small favour, a really small one, all for my family, and all for her
life.

My breath came out shaky, “F-Fine. You have your deal.”

Mary nodded.

Satan laughed happily as he struck out his hand, he seemed joyful, and
in the good, human way, as if he heard a funny joke.

“Then please, shake my hand.”

We shook hands with the devil.

We let go and he was still smiling, but that was a normal smile. He then
snapped his fingers.

“Then we have a deal. The door behind you now leads outside and to your
world. I have made sure that the changes we talked about are now in
motion. When the day comes, I will come to collect. Farewell.”

He nodded at us, went back to his desk, and continued writing. We stood
there in shock.

I took her wrist and opened the door and went out into the shining sun
and I slammed the door behind us.

We were outside the house on the hill.

We ran home and we were in her room since her family was kinder than
mine. She kissed me stupid and I stayed the night. 

The next morning, I came home to my family crying, and my father
apologized for all his misdeeds.

Life went on. Mary and I moved out for college and got married in
college. I stayed in touch with my family: my dad became a charity
worker and our Christmas celebrations were jovial. Mary didn’t go into
acting but she became a really good biology teacher and she’s now a
professor. I worked with computers.

After college we bought a house, her grandaunt had left a hefty
inheritance for her, and we had kids, five of them to be exact. Paul,
Charlotte, Noah, Lucas and Ava. A great happy family. We had no problems
and our life was idyllic. 

Yesterday, the door bell rang as we had dinner, I told Mary I’d get it
and I ruffled Ava’s hair as I walked by the table. I went to the front
door and I opened it.

It was wide as wide as can be and teeth were visible, and the eyes were
crazy, showing glee, glee at being able to ruin something to destroy
something. I knew he found happiness in watching me be scared like that.

I saw the glee in the devil’s eyes.
