Day 1

I am not entirely sure what compelled me to begin writing in this
journal. Perhaps it was the feeling that I needed to place my thoughts
somewhere before they became too heavy to carry.

This journal belonged to my Brother, I found it this morning, buried
beneath a thick layer of dust underneath his old bed frame, soon to be
lost to time that no archaeologist could ever recover. I thought about
leaving it there. Some things feel as though they should remain
untouched. Some things belong to the past, dragging them into the
present only causes more pain.

I opened it, the pages were empty, I suppose that is why I am writing in
it now. An empty page feels strangely inviting. Like it is waiting for
someone to open their heart with a pen and reveal events they have been
hiding for far too long.

I think my Mother would like me to write. Expressing myself in ways not
many would understand. She is the only one left who can see through the
smoke I surround myself with. She always believed memories were fragile
things. She always reminds me that a person does not truly disappear
when they die, not while there are people who can remember your laugh,
your smile or little habits you carry without ever noticing. I fear I am
running out of time to remember.

My Mother has been sick for some time now. Endless visits with doctors
and surgeons. They have tried every avenue to get her better, but
ultimately, there is nothing more they can do. Some battles cannot be
won, even by the greatest woman I know. I hate admitting that, even on
paper, but we cannot turn our back on reality, as that is everything
that has been handed to us. I am just cherishing every moment we have
left together, for now, she is still here, and that is all that matters.

Today she spent most of her day resting in her room, as she usually does
now. Her strength comes and goes like waves. Her presence reminds me of
the days when she would take me to the seaside, making sandcastles and
playing in the ocean, but now, she is the tide. Coming and going without
a say in the matter. Some days are better than others, I catch her
watching the sun rise above the tree line some mornings, but on other
days, she struggles to be awake longer than an hour or so.

Today was somewhere in between. I opened the curtains for her this
morning, just enough to bless her rosy cheeks with sunlight. She always
says the first light of the day gifts her with another chance to pull
through. I think she truly believes that.

The strange thing is, the sunlight felt different today. Brighter.
warmer. It was a kind of brightness that exposes the imperfections
around you. The slight cracks in the wall, the dust habituating in the
corners and the faded wallpaper that desperately needs replacing. It was
unsettling, seeing our home tired. Not broken, just tired. I suppose
that is how I feel too.

We live in an old farmhouse, just outside of Fishersgate. It has been in
our family for longer than I can remember. It is the kind of house that
creaks when the wind changes course suddenly, the kind of house that
makes noises during the night that you train your mind to ignore.

It sits surrounded by fields, stretching further than your eyes can see.
Rolling hills, old trees and endless patches of farmland that changes
colour through every distinct season. On the clearest of days, you can
see the city skyline which lies just above the hills. It fills me with
unease seeing those buildings from here. They feel claustrophobic-ally
close, yet, somehow feel impossibly far away.

Fishersgate itself has always been a quiet place. Everyone knows
everyone. People waving as you pass them on the dirt track roads. The
local shop workers knowing your entire shopping list before reaching the
counter. In truth, it is a place where nothing ever really happens.

Since Father passed, up-keeping our land and home has proved difficult,
especially in more recent times. There is always something. A leaky
pipe, a loose fence, a door that refuses to close properly. Things that
seem small, until there is a mound of them. I do not mind the work
though, it keeps my mind busy, giving me a purpose. Nature is much
kinder than people give it credit for. I think that is why I have always
felt more comfortable outside than I ever have indoors. The fields never
judge me, the trees never ask questions, the bees especially.

Mother introduced me to beekeeping at a young age. I still remember the
first time she placed the protective suit over my head and walked me
towards the hives. I was terrified. I remember gripping her hand
tightly, convinced that every single bee in that field knew I did not
belong there. My mother reminded me, “The bees are not angry dear, they
are protective. They do not sting because they hate you, they sting
because they are afraid of losing the only thing they know.”

I think about her words often, perhaps more than I should. Mother has a
way of saying things that sound simple at a glance, but follow you for
years afterwards. The bees became my responsibility eventually. Every
day at 6AM, I tend to the hive. There is something comforting about
their way of life. Thousands of tiny creatures, working together,
towards something greater than they truly understand. I wish people were
more like bees, although, that is a strange thing to write. Still, I
think there is something inspiring about dedicating your entire
existence to protecting something you love. This evening, after
finishing the usual work the land requires me to do, I sat near the
hive, listening to their hum.

I do not know how many more evenings like this me and my Mother have
left together. We tend to have several cups of tea and conversations for
as long as her tired throat will allow. I will write them down, not
because I expect anyone will ever read this, not because these pages
matter, but because I want these memories to live on.

Tomorrow I will tend to the bees again. Mother always says they know
when someone is looking out for them. I never knew if this was true. But
I like believing that some things can feel love, even if they cannot
understand it.

Day 2

Today has been uncomfortable. The sun rose earlier than usual, or at
least it felt like it did. I woke up well before my alarm this morning,
which is not something that usually happens. The light had already crept
its way up my walls, waiting for me to wake.

The heat was the first thing I noticed, it was not unbearable, just
strange. It is the kind of heat that puts you to sleep well before
starting your day. I hurried to open the windows throughout the house,
to allow any sort of breeze in. Nothing moved. Everything was stagnant.

Living here you become accustomed to the small noises of the
countryside. The birds calling the morning, the insects hopping between
grass blades and distant sounds of tractors revving up to start their
work for the day.

Today was different, the world felt still. As if everything was holding
its breath. I noticed this most when I stepped outside to check the
fields. Usually, the mornings are filled with life. Rabbits escaping the
maze of crops, the occasional deer standing beyond the tree line before
spotting me and running away.

There was almost nothing. Not silence exactly, there was still a quiet
hum populating the air, but everything else felt absent, as if
everything forgot to clock in for the day. I caught myself standing
there way longer than I should have been, waiting for something to
appear or show itself. Eventually, I convinced myself I was simply
noticing things more than I usually would. Perhaps that is what happens
when you spend too much time alone, you begin looking for things that
are simply not there.

The church bells did not ring this morning either. I almost forgot about
this until now. The church sits a few miles east of us, close enough
that the bells have always been part of the song of the morning for us.
They mark the hours, reminding you somewhere nearby, life goes on. They
have not missed a morning in years. I am sure there is a simple
explanation for this. Perhaps they are repairing them, perhaps someone
is unwell, or perhaps, I am thinking too much into something that does
not matter.

My Mother always says I spend too much time in my own head. She is
probably right. She is having one of her better days today, sitting by
the window this morning while I made breakfast. Wrapped in one of her
own knitted blankets, watching the sunlight glaze across the fields for
the first time of the day.

She said, “I like seeing the world wake up, it fills me with hope.”

I asked her, “Do you want to come outside with me later? Come and enjoy
the weather while it lasts Mother.”

She replied with a sweet smile, “I will try dear, I will try.”

I know what that means. She wants to, but she is unsure if her body will
allow it. After breakfast I tended to the bees, my daily ritual was in
motion. The hive was quieter than normal. They were still active and
there were plenty of bees moving around, but something felt off. Less
organized, less motivated.

Perhaps it is me projecting, searching for problems because I am afraid
of losing everything I still have. After finishing with the hives, I
began working along the fence line near the eastern field. The grass had
grown into an afro like hedge, towering over our poorly built fences
that would most definitely not withstand the weight of the grass for
much longer.

While working, I brought the spare radio outside with me. The signal had
never been perfect here. The hills block most things, and sometimes you
have to whack the antenna around to just the right spot to get a clear
voice. Usually, I enjoy the imperfections, the static, the small
interruptions of the old and worn radio. Today, however, something about
it bothered me. The voices sounded slightly, wrong? I cannot explain it
entirely, the words were clear, the sentences made sense, but there was
something missing. It was almost as if the person speaking was copying
what a human voice should sound like without fully comprehending the
small details a real human voice should contain.

I know that sounds ridiculous, it feels embarrassing writing that down,
but I cannot shake that feeling, even now. The local news soon came
through the bursts of static.

“The Morley family from the quaint town of Fishersgate have had their
store set ablaze yesterday from an unknown source. Local authorities are
investigating the true cause of this fire and are looking for any foul
play involved. We are aware of a spontaneous heat wave hitting the
region and it is unconfirmed if this has any involvement in the fire.”

I looked towards the fields for comfort while listening, the sunlight
brighter than before. I caught myself thinking about the church bells
again. About the missing birds, about the strange feeling the entire day
was covered in. It felt as though something had changed, but not a soul
had noticed it yet. After finishing my work, I sat beneath the old tree
at the edge of the field. It had always been my favourite spot on the
farm.

When I was younger, I used to sit there whenever Father would be on
another one of his alcohol induced tantrums. I would hide beneath its
branches and listen to the leaves rustling with the wind. It was the
closest thing to a safe space I had. I suppose that sounds strange,
finding comfort in a tree. But I never had a friend as close as Nature
was to me.

As evening started to arrive, I noticed something off in the distance,
near the edge of the field. At first, I thought it was a old pile of
dirty work clothes I had ripped off from sweating too much. It was only
when I got closer, I realized it was a deer. I am uncertain what had
happened to it. Of course, I have seen animals die before, but this was
different. The body looked wrong. The fur was still there, but parts of
the animal appeared damaged in ways I have never seen before.

I stood there for a while. I remember thinking nature had always seemed
so strong, so certain. Seeing the corpse of the deer reminded me that
everything is so fragile, so vulnerable. I buried it beneath the old
tree. It felt like the right thing to do. I know it was only an animal,
but it deserved better than being left to rot in the open. To be food
for scavengers. It deserved to at least be at peace with nature.

When I returned home, mother asked, “How was your day working?”

I lied through my teeth, “It was good Mother, it was good.”

I hate lying to her, but she looked worn. I did not want to add another
worry to her shoulders. Tonight, the house feels hotter. Hotter than it
should. The windows are still open, but there is still not a draft of
wind in sight. The fields are even quieter than before, but there is
still that sound, the hum. It is lingering the atmosphere, like
machinery off in the distance. It is as if someone left their tractor
running somewhere beyond the hills we reside on. I know there is nothing
out there, at least, I think there is not.

Tomorrow I will check the bees again. Perhaps they will tell me what I
cannot understand.

Day 3

It is currently 5AM. The sun has started the day without me. Usually at
this hour, the fields are dark, pushing cold air through the valleys.
The only signs of life being the birds attempting to start their morning
calls. But today, the sunlight has found its way through the razor thin
gaps between the window and the curtains. Light creeping up the walls,
hovering above my bed waiting for me to wake.

It feels strange, being overwhelmed by something that usually symbolizes
peace for me. It feels like the sun wanted me to be disturbed, to make
me feel uncomfortable. It makes me question if I have done something to
anger Nature. That thought keeps running miles through my head recently.

I do not think it helps that I did not get much sleep last night either.
I heard things I could not place, things that I have not heard before.
That is one of the quirks to living somewhere for so long, you become so
used to everything around you, anything slightly out of place becomes
the centre of attention almost immediately. I think with the potion of
not sleeping well, the heat and my laser focus on making Mother
comfortable, I am slowly losing sight on my rationality.

I have just made Mother breakfast, eggs on toast, I know, nothing
spectacular. but she can barely get past a few bites, let alone a full
meal. I usually add chili flakes, but decided against that this morning.
Mother always loved a kick, a tang to her palate. Recently though, even
small things seem to irritate her throat. I watched her struggle through
the first few bites of toast, pretending to have enough saliva in her
mouth to swallow it whole. She does that often. She loves to play
pretend, to act like she is stronger than her body is. I suppose I
inherit this trait from her, it is inspiring even with her condition in
mind, she still tries every day to be the brave soldier I never had as a
child.

After she had finished her last bite, I hesitantly asked her, “Mother,
last night, were you okay?”

She gazed at me with a slight confused expression on her face, “What do
you mean?”

“I heard something coming from your room. It sounded like you were in
pain, a lot of it.”

She smiled, brushing off my concern, “I slept well Son. You need to
relax, take a break today, you deserve it.”

I wanted to tell her what I had heard, the screaming, the tapping, the
moaning. The moment I looked at her withering face, I could not bring
myself to confront her about it all. She looked peaceful for once, it
would be inconsiderate of me to rob that from her.

I suppose she was right. I had been working hard in recent times. I fear
if I stop I won’t know how to start again. I cannot risk that for her,
for this home, for her last memories. I comforted her, reassuring her I
would go easy on myself.

Still, I am confused to how she did not hear anything, or, herself at
least? Is she lying to not worry me? Am I imagining it all? It felt so
close, although her room is down the hall from my room, it felt as if
there was something standing outside of my door, mimicking her pain, her
moan. Tapping on the walls, hoping I would invite it into my room. There
I go again, over thinking it all, I think I need that break Mother
mentioned. Everything is getting to me at the moment.

I woke up from a nap, the couch seemed to have fused with my sweat. The
heat is becoming unbearable. I feel like I am covered in honey
constantly, sticking to things, to every object I come into contact
with. I woke up wanting answers for what has been going on recently, I
moved to the kitchen and turned on the radio I had positioned perfectly
the night before, which is where we tend to get the best signal.
Instead, I was met with static. Nothing but static. I gave the antenna a
gentle rock side to side to fine tune the signal. Nothing.

But there it was, the tapping. Three short taps, a short pause, and then
another two. But this time, it was not the walls, it was the radio.
Through the mind numbing static, there was tapping. It was in a clear
pattern, three, then two and then repeat. I stared at the radio for
longer than I would like to admit. I would like to put this down to a
crappy old radio that can never get a good signal, but this felt
deliberate.

To recalibrate myself, I convinced myself a breath of fresh air would do
me some sort of good. Even though the air felt dry, I may as well try. I
approached the bay window in the kitchen, opening the curtains to a
blazing sun. That is when I noticed the church. Smoke was rising from
the roof, the church looked like it was burning. I grabbed my binoculars
from the kitchen cabinet which I use to watch the birds sometimes. There
was a small herd of people outside, running. I could not make out much,
the distance mixed with the smoke clouded my vision.

Their movements looked odd. Unnatural. I wiped my dry eyes, looking once
again. For a moment, I thought I saw something impossible. Their faces,
I cannot explain it exactly but, it looked wrong. Just wrong. Blurred,
as if the light had wiped them clean of any sort of character. I felt
sick, not because of what I saw, but because everything feels so alien
at the moment. I want to believe it is all just me over reaching, over
thinking.

I took the initiative to close all of the curtains once again, the few
that were left open during the day. I locked the windows, the doors. I
stopped myself from checking outside again, the urge to keep watching
was like an itch in an impossible place to reach. I had to remember,
Mother is the one I am protecting, not myself. If I am not here, I feel
she would be hopeless if anything happened.

I have spent my entire life learning safety is something you create
yourself. My Father taught me that. Not in the way you would think, and
I am sure not in the way he intended to. When I was younger, I used to
think the safest place on earth was wherever Mother was. After Father
had been drinking, though, the environment changed. It became impossible
to predict. The walls felt naked, they felt thinner. The rooms shrunk
with him inside them. I learned that certain sound cues meant it was
time for me to disappear.

A bottle being placed onto a table, loud footsteps, the silence before
he opened his mouth. I regularly think about those days. I try not to,
but it is like a door bell constantly ringing, thoughts waiting to enter
your mind.

I thought about going outside, to at least face my fears. I wanted to
check on the bees. They deserve my attention, they are expecting it.
Evening was closing in on us soon, I remember thinking, one day wont
hurt. I could hear the humming still. Stronger. Not louder, just,
stronger. It feels like someone had turned the bass up. It felt like a
heavier hum. Maybe it is the bees, reminding me I have not visited in a
while. Maybe the bees really do know when something is wrong before we
do.

I checked in with Mother, I left her to her own for the day, we needed
some space, it was too hot to occupy one room together for a long time.
She was asleep. She was so beautiful to watch. It was comforting she was
not experiencing her usual pain. It was comforting knowing she was in a
dream, in a better place for now. Maybe tomorrow will return to normal.
Maybe a good night’s rest for myself will resolve all of my worries. But
tonight, before I go to bed, I am going to check the doors one more
time.

Day 4

I did not sleep well again. I am beginning to notice subtle patterns to
it all. The less sleep I get, the louder everything becomes. The house,
the wind. The hum. I woke several times during the night. Each time I
found myself staring into the room imagining Mother’s door, listening. I
am not sure what I expect to hear and I’m not entirely sure what I want
to hear.

The screams never came, the tapping never started. Only silence. You
would think this would calm me down, bring be back to how everything was
before. But it just made everything that bit more unsettling.

It is strange how quickly we can become afraid of something, even if
there is nothing there. I checked on Mother before serving breakfast.
She was awake, sitting near the window once again. She looked worn but
still providing me with a smile on my entrance.

“Good morning dear.”

I smiled back, “Morning Mother.”

She looked towards the curtains, requesting, “Can you open them a
little?” I hesitated for moment. She noticed, I could see it in her
eyes.

She said with a passive tone, “You used to love the mornings…”

“I still do.” It was not a lie, I see the mornings as a reset. A way to
clean the plate, rid the dirt that stained the previous day. It’s just
recently, I do not recognize the mornings. They blend in with the night
before I can even see the sun rise. I opened the curtains ever so
slightly, being blinded almost immediately. Light filling the room as if
the curtains were not even there.

My Mother squinted. For a second, I saw the Mother I used to know. Not
the woman trapped in bed, just my Mother. It hit me, I felt a wave of
sadness from the reminder that the days may be cut short any time now.
It curses me with the thought that nature moves forward, trees grow and
fields change. Bees continue to work while people do not get given that
luxury. We are forced to watch one another disappear.

Filled with confidence, I decided it was time to go outside once again.
Realizing my neglect to the fields, to the bees. The thought haunted me
for a moment, the memories of the past few days. The farm has always
been my responsibility, Mother trusted me with that. Father may never
had seen it that way, but Mother did. I put my boots on and walked
towards the hives.

Of course, the heat was unimaginable. Even though it was near the crack
of dawn, it was like midday heat hitting a desert. The first thing I
noticed with the bees was, well, their anger. Not in the way we
experience anger, but in a protective way. In a way that helps them
ensure their survival of their colony. They were restless. The humming
was strong, as if there were thousands upon thousands more bees swarming
inside the hive.

I stood there listening, realizing I had not spent as much time as I
should have with them in recent times. I had checked them, I made sure
they were still there. Beekeeping requires patience. It requires
attention to detail. That is something I always provided them with, But
it is also something I had started taking away. I felt guilt, they rely
on me. It was almost like I had abandoned a friend, waiting for my
return with no information on when I might return, if ever. I made a
promise to myself I would spend more time with them tomorrow.

After checking the hives, I walked back to the house. That is when I saw
someone standing on the steps of the front porch. It was one of our
neighbours. I recognized the yellow truck immediately. I have known him
for years, everyone knows everyone in Fishersgate. He waved at me as I
was approaching, I waved back. The lack of smile on his face was
uncomfortable.

He shouted, “Everything alright here?”

I looked towards Mothers window which was in perfect view, “What do you
mean?”

He seemed stumped. An unsure expression filled his face, “I have been
hearing things.”

My stomach tightened, trying to swallow but the waterless air stopping
me from doing it, “What things? What are you talking about?”

He hesitated, “People have been talking, talking about the church. The
fire… the heat.”

I felt a sigh of relief for a brief moment, “And?”

He glances up to my Mothers window, “You, urm, you and your Mother
okay?”

I wanted to appreciate his concern, I know that. But something about his
tone and his stance, it bothered me. It was as if he already knew
something I did not.

“We are fine, thank you.” The words came out sharper than I intended. He
noticed. I noticed. There was an awkward tension in the conversation, we
both were silent for a moment before he nodded, “Alright, well I was
just checking in on you.” He hobbled to his truck, occasionally glancing
at the house and back. I watched him from the decking of the porch,
driving away, looking in his rear view mirror. I could see him checking
out the house as he drove away.

I felt so bothered by his appearance, his interaction. I kept telling
myself he was being kind. Kindness feels different when you are waiting
for danger to arrive though. I went back inside and up to Mothers room.

“Who was that?” Mother questioned.

“Just a neighbour.”

She nodded, seeing straight through me, “You seem upset Son. What’s
wrong?” I shook my head, “I am fine, I promise.”

She looked at me for a long moment. She has always been able to see
straight through me. Even as a boy, especially when I was a boy, “You
know you don’t have to carry everything yourself right?”

Her words caught me off guard. I wanted to tell her that I did. I wanted
to tell her that if I don’t, no one else would. Instead, I smiled and
told her I knew.

Tonight, the humming is back. It is louder than ever, or maybe I am just
noticing it more. I do not know anymore. I looked outside the kitchen
window before writing this, the fields are still there, trees still
standing, the house is still home. But something feels like it is moving
closer. I don’t know what it is or what it wants, but I know one thing.
I cannot let anything happen to Mother. Not after everything, not after
everything she has done for me. Tomorrow, I will spend more time with
the bees, give them the attention they deserve. I need to remember
things still depend on me.
