I recently moved into a rented house in the neighborhood that I grew up
in. I was very excited to move back to this community after years of
being away. The nostalgia, the familiar feelings. The overwhelming sense
of calm.

I knew this place well, like the back of my hand. The churchyard down
the alleyway from my house that I used to play. Now just three blocks
away from where I currently rent. Just five blocks away from the high
school I attended. There is a corner bodega that I remember going to to
get their famous hot dogs and hot sausages. Run out of the basement of
this guy’s house. The kind of thing that you can’t do anymore, but
because it’s practically a landmark. Everyone is just enthralled that
it’s still there.

I hired a moving company to help me move in. Too much stuff for me to
carry myself. It took a whole weekend, but at the end of it, finally got
myself situated. The couch where it should go, the TV on the wall, the
plates put away, the fridge freshly stocked the way I like it. Chicken
nuggets in the freezer. Junk food in the pantry. I’ve never been a very
healthy person. I figure you only live once. Might as well enjoy it.

There’s some extra stuff that I quite frankly don’t have the space for.
So I decide to put it in the attic. It’s dusty up here, but to be
expected. I cram as much stuff as I can on one side. And I glance over
to the other to see a box of old cassette tapes. Probably about ten feet
away from me. Curious. I go up to them to explore.

Cassette tapes, I think to myself. That’s interesting. I wonder, do I
still have that old radio with a cassette player attached? Is that
something I packed from my previous apartment? The one I held on to
since I was a teenager? The one I used to make mixtapes for girlfriends?
The hours I spent on that thing. Do I still have it? I go down to my
bedroom. In the closet, rummage through a box I had clumsily put in
there. Yes, it’s in there. The radio with a cassette player attached.

I bring it up to the attic so I can see what’s on the cassette tapes.
Hoping, praying that they aren’t too worn out to listen to or tear.

I put the first one in. Press play. Oh man, the music is pretty good.
90s grunge stuff. Melodic. Melancholy. Gritty. I like it. The singer’s
voice. Gravelly. But distinct and clear. Not a familiar voice, but
definitely a good one.

I find myself really getting into the bass, the drums, the melodic
nature of it all. I start focusing in on the lyrics. The first song
intrigues me. I decide to continue on to the second song. Guy’s singing
about childhood memories. Playing football in a field with neighborhood
kids. Some rumble. The way that everyone would tackle each other. He’s
really good at describing it. He even mentions playing outside until the
streetlights came on. If a move your sentiment to me.

Alright, I decide. Let’s keep going. Song number three. A song about
middle school. Getting picked on. Tides shifting. Friendships fading.
Not knowing where they belong. It’s got a really good vibe to it. I can
relate. Who hasn’t been there? Who hasn’t been the outsider?

On to song number four. Yeah, this feels right. I lay back, enjoying the
tunes. Feeling pretty nostalgic. It’s a heavier song. Deeper. Depressed.
A song about their family fighting. Abusive. The dad just yelling at the
mom. Hitting her if she talks back. I begin to feel for the poor sap
writing these songs, singing them. Sad. This time low into the
microphone. Almost like he’s given up. I hear a creak. It’s an old
house, I think. Whatever. Let’s see what else this guy has to say.

Song number five. The guy starts singing about how he hates it at home.
He moves away. No one really knows him in this town anymore anyway.
Everybody’s grown up. Moved on. Why shouldn’t he?

Song number six. He has a girlfriend now. Singing about her. The smell
of her hair. The look in her eyes. Innocent. Like she really knows him.
He has no business loving her. Knowing her the way that he does. You can
hear the shame in his voice as he doesn’t quite know what to do with the
love that he’s receiving. The acoustic guitar in this song just blends
itself to the atmosphere. He knows what he’s doing. Trying his best to
show for once how he truly feels.

Song number seven. Aggressive. Really aggressive. Angry. Mad at his
girlfriend. Screaming how she doesn’t love him the way that he loves
her. Practically slamming the guitar strings. I’m wondering how they’re
not breaking. I hear a louder creak this time. It’s a little unnerving
this time. I decide to pause the cassette tape. See if I hear the noise
again. I don’t hear it again, so I decide to keep going. There’s only a
little bit left on the tape that I can see through its tiny window.
Maybe a song or two left. I can finish this one out.

Song number eight. His voice is very despondent now. Almost like an
echo. Distant. Retreated. Given up. I hear the door to the attic
suddenly close. Not a slam, but firm. Enough to rattle me. I turn off
the cassette tape frantically. I hear footsteps coming up the stairs.
“Who the fuck is in my house?” I think to myself.

At the top of the steps I see a man’s head appear. Then his shoulders.
Then his torso. Legs and feet. Disheveled. Rowdy looking. I’m thrown off
by this. “What the fuck is this person doing in my house?”

“Who are you?” I exclaimed. Scared. Angry. Every emotion you can think
of.

“I see you found my tapes”, he says. First looking at the floor. Then
slowly turning his head to look up at me. Now looking at me in the eyes.
He says, “did you like what you heard?” Stumbling, I don’t know what to
say. I fumble a response. “That was you?” “Yes”, he says. “That was me.”
Without any warning, he charges me. I stumble back, my back hitting the
wall of the attic, dust flying off the wall. “Now get the fuck out of my
house before I hurt you!”, he exclaims.

Rattled, shaken. I say, “yeah man, I’m out.” I squirm my way out of his
grasp. Go down the attic steps, nearly tripping and falling down them.
“What the fuck is going on?” I think to myself.

No time for that, I decide. I’ll just call the cops when I get outside.
I decide to go down to the corner bodega store. Call from there. It
seems safer. I call the cops. They arrive. I tell them what happened.
Step by step. Blow by blow. Making sure not to leave out any detail. I
give a very vivid description of the man. The clothes. Everything. I can
remember.

The cop asks decent questions. “When did you move in?” I say, “just this
weekend.” He asks, “who did you rent the house from?” I give the name,
“Charlotte Rivers.” He looks up from his notepad. Gives me the most
sincere look he possibly could.

“Charlotte was killed five years ago. We’ve been looking for her
boyfriend in connection with the crime for ever since.” He explains.
“Was he wearing again? Which way did he go?” He becomes frantic.

I had become puzzled. How the fuck did I rent from Charlotte if she was
dead? What the fuck did I see? Who did I interact with? Who did I rent
from? What situation had I gotten myself involved in?

I stumble. I stutter. “I don’t know, man. I just got out of there.” He
gets on his radio and starts calling for backup. Soon after, other
police arrive. They start combing the area for the man that they’ve been
searching for in connection with Charlotte River’s death for the last
five years.

It was then that I realized how close I had come to maybe meeting a
similar fate. I’ll never go back in that house. It’s his house.
