I work as a sewer cleaner in Prague. People don’t often think about it,
but a complex of tunnels runs beneath the city, even under the Vltava
River. They were built in the 1800s, and some have been reconstructed,
but many still look the way they did when they were built, with round
brick pathways, rusted green railings, and dim lights hanging from the
ceiling.

After years of work, I know the tunnels through and through, but the
older workers all say that even if you work here for decades, things
will still surprise you. For most of my time working in the sewers, I
didn’t give it much thought. The veterans say a lot of things and have
many strange superstitions. For instance, none of them ever eat in the
tunnels. I thought it was because of the rats.

I was just walking around the Podolí area, ready to start my shift.
There are a lot of pathways there, and recruits often get lost, but I’d
been starting my shift there for years; I knew that area through and
through, or so I thought. 

I turned right to head toward the river. The path was wide and well-lit.
I’d been down it hundreds of times, but as I went, I noticed another
path leading off to the right. I stopped and looked at it for a moment.
It was narrow, poorly lit, and easy to miss, but I could swear I knew
these sewers better than I knew my home.

I usually ate in the break room, but I was early and hungry. Nobody was
around. I pulled out my sandwich and walked on the path.

The sandwich paper crinkled as I walked. The pathway narrowed. I kept
expecting it to turn into the path from Vyšehrad, but even after a few
minutes I still couldn’t see it. I didn’t want to be late for my shift,
so I turned around and began walking back.

There was more water on the ground than I noticed at first, but that’s
nothing weird for a sewer. The lights were very dim, much dimmer than I
thought, but stranger, I still couldn’t see the exit. Not only could I
not see the exit, but the path itself wasn’t getting any wider as it
should have. It only seemed to become narrower. Was I going the wrong
way? I looked behind me, but it was still the same empty, narrow path.

My shift had already started. I was walking so fast I was almost
jogging. It was hard because the water now reached my ankles. The lights
seemed to get dimmer. I reached for my flashlight when an electric buzz
echoed above, and all the lights went dark.

“Shit.”

I pulled out my flashlight and turned it on. A clank echoed. Dull pain
spread through my head. I hit my forehead on the ceiling. I rubbed my
head and tried to stand up straight again, but I couldn’t straighten my
back. I walked a few steps back, but the ceiling was still just as low. 

Then I felt something wet on my legs. I looked down. The water now
reached my knees, but it wasn’t the usual cold; it was warm.

“What the…,” I murmured.

The buzz sounded again. The lights came on again, but now they were
fluorescent white, almost like an office space. Another buzz echoed
overhead. Soft jazz music began playing as if a band stood just around
the corner. The air filled with the smell of cigarettes. My whole body
shook. I turned off the flashlight and blinked. The water was now up to
my stomach.

“Help!”

The music grew louder. The lights grew brighter, burning my eyes. The
ceiling pushed my head further down, but the water kept rising. It rose
to my chin now.

“Somebody, please!” I yelled, still wading forward. 

The exit had to be there. It had to. The buzz again. The light shut off.
I took a breath, but halfway through, water filled my mouth. I spat it
out and lifted my face.

“Help!” I blurted out, but I knew it was too late. 

My face was now under the water too.

At first, I tried to hold my breath, but soon the pressure in my lungs
grew too high. It felt like they would burst.

I gasped for air. My whole body was hot and sweaty. I quickly looked
around. I was back in the pathway that led to the river. Next to me,
where the other path was, was only a brown brick wall with a small
stream of water coming from it. One of the old workers walked by me.

He looked at the wall and my face and nodded.

He then pointed at the ground. My crumpled sandwich wrapper lay there.

“Don’t eat down here,” he said and left.

I leaned on the wall. A faint trumpet echoed from inside it.
