I’ve always considered myself a pretty outgoing person, as I often meet
new people very easily. But recently, something happened that made me
question whether I truly know who or what I’m talking to.

I was sitting in a coffee shop right by my workplace when a guy stopped
to talk to me. I work as a photographer for the local police, if I
forgot to mention. The guy looked about 30 and was tall. He had on a
nice flannel. He asked, “hey, I’m writing about locals and was wondering
if you were interested in sharing an experience you feel makes this city
feel different.” I said sure, and asked why he picked me, and he said “I
don’t know. You have that cool aura I guess.” I chuckled and gestured
for him to sit in front of me. He pulled out a small notepad and pen
from his pocket and told me to begin sharing my experience. Now, I warn
you, this isn’t a fun story, and I let him know right off the bat.

I told him about this cold case that my detective friend had been
working on independently ever since it was closed. It was a family of
five that had gone missing about eight to ten years ago. They were going
on a trip to Orlando, according to the grandma, who initially reported
them missing. I told him how it made me think about this city
differently because it’s known for being an incredibly safe area of the
state, but then something like this happens and ruins the reputation.

I noticed as he was writing this down, he would occasionally stop and
take in what I was saying. He looked genuinely disturbed and shocked. It
made me feel a little more human, knowing that someone could still give
a damn all these years later. When I was done, he asked me if my friend
had more details about the case, and if he’d be willing to share his
thoughts, but I told him my friend doesn’t like talking about it often.
He said he understood, and thanked me dearly for sharing. I said of
course.

That night, I got a call from my detective friend. His name is Roger,
and he sounded frantic. He said a sentence that will haunt me till I’m
dead.
“I found the family.”
I asked him where, and he asked if I could meet him at the address, and
that there was already police there. I said ok, and wrote down the
address. 57289 Cardigan Street. Ten minutes away from where I live.

I got ready, made sure my camera was locked and loaded, and drove to the
house. When I arrived, there was a sea of police cars everywhere, along
with an ambulance. I got out of my car and met Roger on the lawn. He
told me to buckle up because it’s not pretty. I told him I’d be fine,
but I soon realized upon entry I wasn’t. Not in the slightest.

I saw the family. They were alive all this time. But they weren’t ok. Oh
dear god, they didn’t even look human. They were all lined up on the
edge of the stairwell inside the house. Nailed to the beams holding the
hallway together. Parts of their skin were flayed open and that’s where
the nails were, holding them up. It was almost like they were crucified,
but even that would be somewhat more bearable that this sight. This was
done by a fucking monster. A demon.

I took photos the best I could, but my hands were shaking terribly. I
handed them to the chief, and left soon after, as Roger understood and
wished he could do the same. I went home, and probably got 30 minutes of
sleep that night.

I got a call the next morning, and it was from a random number. I
answered it, and froze. It was the guy from the coffee shop. How the
hell did he get my number, I thought. But before I could say anything,
he said something.
“Hey, this is your interviewer. I got your number from your work. Come
meet me at my house, 57289 Cardigan Street. It’s urgent.”

I’ve never hung up a phone so fast. I wrote the number down, called up
Roger, and said “this is the monster who did that to the family.” Roger
said he’d be able to track the number hopefully, and thanked me
immensely. I told him to call me so I could meet him wherever that man
would turn up. He said he would. I hung up, and looked at my wall.

I saw myself in a red room, sitting across from that man. He was smiling
in a scary, almost unreal way. I raised my hand up, and realized I had a
gun in my hand. I raised it, and shot at the man. The bullet went
through his head, and made a clean hole. Blood slowly dripped out. Then
Roger called, and I got ready.
