I remember her face in the papers after I shot her daddy. He was a bad
cheat. He begged and pleaded with me. “My little girl is in the car!
Please! I can’t leave her there!” he cried and screamed. I had heard
every excuse a man could give, so it didn’t save him in the slightest.

When the sun came back up, she cooked to death in his car in the casino
parking lot. No one saw her. I was off when they found the body. I had
convinced myself that it didn’t bother me. It wasn’t my fault after all.

I’d see her in the middle of the road every few miles. The cloud of
angry souls that trailed miles behind us kept pace, which meant that
eighty miles per hour was the minimum speed for me.

“You must have really pissed her off for her to be coming for you like
that, ikniutli,” said the dead man in my trunk.

“What is that you keep calling me?” I asked, having somehow avoided the
mental breaking from the insanity of the situation, or perhaps I was
insane and this was all some sort of hallucination.

“In my native tongue, it means friend,” he replied. I guffawed.

“You can stop calling me that. We aren’t friends.”

“Whatever you say, ikniutli.”

I hadn’t seen anything built by man since I had drove off from the spot
I had killed him. I should have seen the lights of New Vegas in the
distance by now, or a gas station somewhere, anywhere. I had the sinking
feeling that I wasn’t in Nevada anymore, not really.

There she was again, in the middle of the road, staring at me, her dark
hair flowing in the breeze. I swerved around her again.

I saw rain clouds up ahead, which meant I’d be pulling that maneuver on
a wet road.

The dust storm behind us grew louder with voices, one of which was
screaming something or another in Spanish.

“Haha! That priest is in the mix?” the corpse in the back of the car
said.

“Friend of yours?” I asked.

“He was with the Spaniards that invaded my homeland. He wasn’t a fan of
the conduct of the conquistadors. I asked him about his God, who gave
the conquistadors their power of conquest. He said that they served him
in name only, so I asked for their real master. When he refused, I made
him talk. Aztecs know how to make someone hurt.”

“Aztec?”

“Iknuitli, there is a dead man talking in your trunk. Don’t tell me that
you have no room for belief. I’ve been around for a long time. I hired
you because I was ready to let go of the gift. Also… I know I used the
word ‘Aztec’, but I’d prefer you use Mexica. Aztec is what the Spaniards
called us.”

The rain fell gently against the windshield in soft spattering drops.
The light tapping gave way to torrential downpour. I could barely see
the road in front of me.

I only had half a second to avoid the little girl in the road, her hair
drenched, her cold pale skin glistening and dripping like a drown victim
crawled out of a lake. I saw the faintest hint of a smile behind her
matted wet hair. It turned into a scowl as I skidded the car around her.

The car hydroplaned, sliding across the asphalt. I turned the tires in
the direction I was sliding and managed to gain traction, though just
barely. The car continued its journey down the highway. I should be
somewhere in Arizona now, approaching Mexico. I doubted quite seriously
that I was still in the land of the living. This wasn’t the afterlife, I
was sure of that. Purgatory, limbo perhaps. I had no way of knowing.

“Do you want to know how I obtained immortality?” the dead man asked.

“Not particularly,” I replied. The situation was terrible enough without
hearing that idiot corpse speak.

“I made a deal,” he said, either not hearing me, or more likely not
caring. “If the priest’s God wouldn’t serve me, I tortured him until he
told me who would. ‘Diablo’ he called him.”

“You made a deal with the Devil?” I asked. “What a stupid thing to do.”

“You gave your soul to the Casino. I gave mine to Diablo. How are we
different?”

I wanted very badly to stop the car and beat his smug little face in,
almost not caring about the judgement that followed behind us.  The rain
continued for hours. The gas gauge hadn’t moved an inch. I knew it
wasn’t just good milage. What other unworldly properties did this world
contain?

I had another near miss encounter with that little girl. I heard her
voice in my ear, as if it was right next to me. “MY NAME! DO YOU EVEN
REMEMBER MY NAME?”

I did. God, I did.

I wouldn’t dare admit it though, admit the truth.

It was my fault. I did deserve this.

I have many more miles to go.
