Idk if this is scary or not but when i was 8 i usually sleep in the
attic with my grandma but most of the time i didnt rlly sleep just
playing with my phone till 4 AM and sleep 1hr til 5 Am idk why i didnt
die after those sleep cycle.

Theres a bed and a hammock my grandma sleep on the bed, i sleep on the
hammock. There’s a window between us.

Idk why or how ive seen many things behind thar window, like a skull, a
dead body cat that still can move like a puppet, myself (idk why ._.)

When i tell my grandma and my uncle they all said:

Uncle and grandma:“Don’t care about them, dont wake them up”

Yk as a 8 y/o kids no one know about those things called “they/them”

I just keep asking:

“What is the things called they?”

They didnt respone anything except

“You’re too young to know about that”

So then like 1 or 2 years later when i was 10 (4-5th grade), somehow i
had a scare or a nightmare of something is on that attic, just bec
between living room and kitchen is the attic’s stairs and behind the
kitchen is the bathroom so when i need to go to shower or need some
water or eating, ive so go through that stairs, so im still a kid and
scared like there’s slenderman or smth is here and i always need my
parents to walk me through that.

And in the last day of summer (4th grade to 5th grade) i saw an orange
lights was like randomly coming from the stairs, and idk why, scares
beside, like randomly coming for that lights and it immediately shut off
and i seen nothing, like there’s no one, nothing. And after that day
there’s like a ghost or a devil is following me, i got nightmares
usually and it was like coming out from my dreams and curse me, even i
didnt get any nightmares some night, it still can curse or follow me
like it just randomly spawned in my brain and scare me even it doesnt
real.

And i sometime saw some one or a black cat standing on the stairs and
stare at me ._.

And in that night when it’s like 11:38 PM, i saw someone is standing at
the window under the stairs (idk why my house has many windows for no
reason 💔), just standing there, staring at me, do nothing, just
standing there, i recorded that in my old phones, but now idk why its
gone forever, just know that the whole server discord and me saw that,
like my friends and members in that discord server was panicking, like i
just got too scared and go back in my room and come back it just gone.

Like i even heard a knocking sound on a wood or a bamboo stick or smth,
and after that night, my senses was like always warning me someone is
watching me or even next to me, and when im eating in the kitchen, i saw
someone black is walking through the window and look at me then im
panicking and yes, dont tell that im stupid but instead of run, i just
open the window and look around if there some one 💔. And idk if this is
him or not, but my uncle has like possessed by some one, he starts
smoking mores, and he sometimes lose control and my mom idk how she
suppressed that souls and pray buddha and mother Quan Yin so that souls
come out from my uncle’s body and after that day i saw that black figure
always walking through the kitchen’s window
