The villagers huddled in the square at dusk, watching the Oracle and me.
The bridge ahead swayed over the torrent dividing us from the woodland.

“What is it that awaits me?” I asked. “The beast afflicting us…”

The Oracle regarded me with a glint in his eye. The corners of his mouth
sagged. “It blocks my vision, shrouds itself from me…”

I looked back at the villagers, at the mothers and their watery eyes.

“And what of me?”

“A prophecy is malleable,” he croaked eventually, “vanquish it you
must.”

 

 

 

As I stepped on the first of the bridge’s planks, the Guard rushed to me
and pressed into my palm a coin.

“My grandfather’s talisman,” he said. “He was as you, Knight.”

“I cannot…”

“It befits me not,” he insisted. “Keep it, it’ll bring you home. It
always did him.”

Wearing a thin smile, I turned to leave, when a gentle hand rested
itself on my shoulder.

“This is no troll that lurks beyond these waters,” he uttered gravely.
“The children, they aren’t snatched by some monster that comes hither.
No, I’ve seen them, dementedly running barefoot past me in the dark,
eyelids shut, arms slack. Across the bridge, away into the shadows.”

My fist tightened around the coin.

Bring me back.

 

 

 

Down a weary path coursing between needle-clad trees, I walked.

“Reveal yourself!” I cried out in a voice that hardly carried, let alone
found any ears. Or so I supposed.

I brandished my trusty sword, the blade that had tasted blood time and
time again.

Immediately, it vanished like sand in the wind. That was when I heard
it, nay, felt it, a hollow murmur, burrowing into my skull.

𝔚𝔥𝔞𝔱 𝔪𝔦𝔤𝔥𝔱 𝔶𝔬𝔲 𝔥𝔬𝔭𝔢 𝔱𝔬 𝔞𝔱𝔱𝔞𝔦𝔫 𝔟𝔶 𝔣𝔞𝔠𝔦𝔫𝔤 𝔪𝔢, 𝔎𝔫𝔦𝔤𝔥𝔱?

I knelt, hands taut, breath shallow, mustering nothing but a hoarse
whisper in return. My armour screeched as I folded into myself.

“I beseech you, not us! I can bear the sight of the loss you inflict no
longer.”

Hooves neared then, and I saw it there, standing before me. A horse, the
color of coal, merging with the dwindling ether.

Its back had grown long, far too long, and carried many more than a
normal horse could. They sat astride it, a chain of flaccid wraiths,
faces bloated, little legs and soggy nightgown hems fused into the
beast’s flanks.

The last wraith was the most lifeless. She still looked the way she did
when we were young.

I retched.

“Please,” I cried, words breaking. “No more. You’ve already taken
everything from me.”

Empty pools stared at me. Into me.

Considering me.

𝔜𝔬𝔲 𝔴𝔦𝔰𝔥 𝔫𝔬𝔱 𝔱𝔬 𝔰𝔢𝔢 𝔱𝔥𝔢𝔪 𝔤𝔬 𝔞𝔫𝔶𝔪𝔬𝔯𝔢?

I closed my eyes, nodded vigorously.

 

 

 

One foot finds an unsteady plank. The other follows gingerly. I wipe my
cheeks. Everything is tingly. Black.

One hand hangs onto the rope. The other holds the coin sitting in my
pocket.

𝔅𝔶𝔢-𝔟𝔶𝔢…, is all I remember it whispering.

I know I’m crossing the bridge, for water roars below. The night is
bereft of moon, yet the village lights should be visible.

…𝔅𝔶𝔢-𝔟𝔶𝔢…, its empty voice harrows me still.

Whoos and hurrahs echo distantly from the dark. “Heavens, the Knight has
returned!”

As I approach, they morph, coalescing into one contorted lament.

…𝔅𝔶𝔢-𝔟𝔶𝔢… My empty sockets still try latching onto them, to no avail.

Until it finally clicks, and I’m smitten by all I wish I didn’t remember
it whispering.

…𝔅𝔶𝔢-𝔟𝔶𝔢 𝔢𝔶𝔢𝔰.
