Part 1

Mom’s funeral was five days ago now. I guess a lot has happened to me
since then, but I don’t really feel like much has changed. I got back
the morning of June nineteenth to another man standing in my room. At
first I didn’t even realize where he had come from, he was pacing around
the room and waved at me when I walked in. He smiled at me like we had
known each other for years, and that’s when I realized. His mouth had
too many teeth, not like extra rows, it looked like someone had just
tried to shove extra teeth between what was already there. He didn’t
speak, but I could tell he was different from the rest. Something about
him was just so familiar; his light orange hair with a shock of grey,
his wisened old face, even his toothy smile reminded me of something I
once knew. He looked familiar, yet I knew I had never seen him before.
He was wearing blue jeans that were cuffed just barely too high and a
flannel shirt with too many buttons. For some reason he had a name tag
just like the first man, but his read “Dabe”. It was getting closer,
that’s for sure.

“Hey, Dabe! How are you buddy? How about you follow me out here?”

I propped the door open, not worried about Ken as I had noticed that
they seemed almost afraid to leave the room. The man didn’t budge. He
shook his head slowly, showing me that he understood my words and simply
refused to comply.

“Aw come on, let’s go hit the town”

I grabbed his hand. It was clearly covered in sweat, but it was almost
sticky. I led him out of the room with little resistance and he
disappeared before my eyes just as I suspected he would, triggering my
allergies once again. 

Since that day I’ve thought a lot about what could be happening to me,
and I think I have a new theory. This thing, whatever it is, wants me to
keep these things in my room. After seeing that I kept Ken it sent me
another cat, but since I got rid of that one there’s never been another
cat. When I got rid of the first man it sent me a woman, and when I got
rid of that one it sent me something that was familiar. It could walk
and gesture and understand me, yet it refused to leave of its own
accord. I still have plenty of questions, buts there’s been one nagging
at me the whole time: why not send another ficus? I’ve kept the ficus
the longest, yet still another ficus has never appeared. If anyone knows
why that may be I would truly love to know.

Four days later and I didn’t wake up at 2:37, but instead at 3:00. This
time I knew immediately what woke me up, someone was speaking.

“Charlotte?”

I knew that voice. I knew that soft breathing. Hell, I even knew the
presence of that woman. I hadn’t seen her in a month, or at least, not
seen her alive.

“Mom?”

I flipped on the light. She was just as I had last seen her, except she
wasn’t pale and lying dead in a coffin.

“Charlotte, baby, I’m so glad to see you!”

“Mom? Is it really you”

“Of course silly! Why wouldn’t I be me?”

“But… you died”

She didn’t respond, just cocked her head and stared at me.

“Whatever, that doesn’t matter know. Come with me, we need to go see
mark”

I took her hand. Her skin was just as soft as it had always been, and
just as warm. I guess I expected it to be cold or something, since she
seemed to have just miraculously come back to life. Since she seemed to
have no qualms with leaving and had nothing wrong, I assumed it was all
real. I don’t know how I could have been such a fool. I led her out the
door and watched as my mother turned to dust. My sobbing must have woken
Lori, who came out of her room.

“Hey, hey, what’s wrong?”

“My-my mom”

I could barely get the words out. Lori spent the rest of the night
comforting me in her room.

That was last night. I don’t know what’s causing this, but whatever it
is, whoever it is, thank you. Thank you for Ken, thank you for letting
me say goodbye, and thank you for that ficus on the windowsill that
reminds me of her.
