The suburb I grew up in was nothing short of idyllic. Cozied up in the
midwest, not too far from the city, with its own downtown only a few
blocks in size and dotted with mom-and-pop businesses that had been
there for decades. The summers there were something else, hot sunny days
with a cloud-spotted sky, falling into warm endless nights. Our town was
lucky enough to have a few pretty large forest preserves, the largest of
which being the Saaum woods.

It sat overlooking a massive field with nearly-rotting picnic tables,
crude firepits, and tall trees watching over them from the forest edge.
It was a common spot for school field trips and family outings, just big
enough to have a campsite or two. Given its size and somewhat foreboding
name, however, the Saaum was subject to a litany of urban legends.
Growing up I heard my fair share of those on the schoolyard: witches,
goblins, ghosts, all the usual suspects. Aside from maybe a nightmare or
two, none of this ever really bothered me. I could mostly still tell
when the other kids were bullshitting me. Their stories were too
fantastical and too detailed, they seemed more excited to tell a story
than scared. Though, one tale stood out from the rest.

I was in third grade when a couple kids, who all lived right near the
Saaum, started talking about “The Howler”. They didn’t have much to say.
Just told people about this awful scream they heard outside their house,
and how they couldn’t get a wink of sleep because of it. When they spoke
they didn’t exude the usual excitement of a third grader who just came
up with a great story. Rather, it was a quiet, still, fear. Even then
most of them didn’t seem to want to talk about anything else. One of the
younger kids, Tommy, seemed to have it pretty rough with whatever was
out there.

I was best friends with his older brother Lucas and when we were younger
I would go over to his place all of the time. A quaint ranch-style
house, smaller than a lot of the other ones in the neighborhood and a
little overgrown. He had a PS2 we would watch shows and movies on until
the sun had long since set. Often we found ourselves in the darkened
living room, dimly lit by a single lamp and the TV glow, way past our
bedtime bargaining with our parents for a sleepover.

Tommy sometimes joined us during these nights and really was nice to
have around. He was only a year younger than us and not too annoying,
pretty funny too I remember. A lot of older brothers would bully their
siblings out of the room, but not Lucas. They really did seem to get
along, and care for each other more than most siblings at that age.
Gradually though he stopped hanging out with us as much. When he would
join us he was really quiet and didn’t seem like the same kid.

This was all over a decade ago now, so it’s hard to remember specifics,
but vividly I recall one of the last conversations I had with him. If
you could even call it that. He kept saying how it sounded so close,
almost like it was right outside his window, and how it kept waking him
up, and how he couldn’t sleep. He nearly cried when he was telling me
about it. I had no idea what to say, just felt real bad for him.
Eventually, the other kids got a hold of the Howler story, embellishing
and exaggerating wherever possible. Talk of an insane screaming man in
the woods, an evil dog, an ancient witch, and plenty of other things I
can’t remember now. Churned through the mill of hearsay the howler
became a myth like any other. The kids who heard it stopped hearing it,
people grew up, people moved on, and it faded into obscurity. Everyone
forgot, except Tommy, even after he and his family left that house. I
never really did find out where he went or what happened.

It was the summer leading into my freshman year of college, senior year
had been a breeze, and I got into one of my dream schools. My friends
and I had a laundry list of ideas to spend our summer, and were bursting
to put them all into action. Spirits were as high as they had ever been.
Our most memorable adventure was right around summer’s open: my friends
and I made a trip to my lake house up north. We were able to get all
nine of us to go, and early in the morning carpooled and set out. On the
long drive, anticipation grew and grew as the fields turned into
forests. The forests up there… they really have something special about
them, a vibrancy and wonder lacking in the forests of my hometown.

Finally, four hours and a ferry ride to the island later we found
ourselves in what felt to be paradise. Situated in a cozy wood house,
next to a shimmering lake, in a small sleepy town, on a forested island
you just might miss; the booze flowed along with our conversations long
past sundown, and freedom felt like we hadn’t yet known. A last hurrah,
before our first steps into adulthood. Over in a blink the five endless
days had come to a close.

The hours-long drive back was exhausting, particularly when hungover,
but through the never-ending asphalt, trees, and gas stations an
optimism prevailed. The days ahead of us practically shone. It seemed
this optimism was well founded, every day was an adventure, and every
night a bliss, we had our perfect world. I’m left with too many stories
to be told here, stories for another time, a quiet time.

Most of these nights ended in long aimless walks and equally aimless,
but fun all the same, conversation. In all these walks through the night
we were led every which way throughout our town, and due to its size we
invariably would pass by the Saaum. It was late June when we first heard
it. Lucas and I were talking about god knows what, when Lucas was cut
off mid-sentence by this howl, almost scream, from the Saaum. It was
clearly some kind of animal but felt uncanny and unnatural. Something
about it seemed almost human, a crude imitation. Lucas looked white
realizing what he had just heard. The sound made us forget whatever we
were talking about, being forced to address this intrusion into our
night. 

“Do you think that’s…” I began to say. 

“It is.” mumbled Lucas. 

We spent the rest of the night throwing back and forth ideas about what
could have made that sound, most of them jokes probably just to help
ourselves feel better. Seems like the tactic helped Lucas a bit, but
only a bit. He stayed tense and a little dazed the rest of the night.
The closest actual answer we came to was a mountain lion, and we settled
on that for the time being. Still though, we both knew that wasn’t it,
this had a deeper bellowing tone to it. Not to mention, there weren’t
exactly many mountain lions in the plains of the Midwest.

Though unsettling the event didn’t linger too much in my mind, the
summer moved on as it had been. But as the memory began to fade, it
wouldn’t let me forget about it, not really. Every couple of nights, off
in the distance the howl flowed through the night air, bringing all its
memories back in its current. Lucas on the other hand… it never seemed
to fade from his mind one bit. After that first night, you could always
tell he wasn’t fully focused on what you had to say or what was going
on. I can’t say I blame him. He and his brother had always been super
close, walked to school together every day, and played video games with
each other all the time. Lucas himself had never heard what his brother
had. Always had a lot of guilt over it.

Even after all this time, I never learned what had happened to Tommy..
He stopped coming to school and I never saw him around their house
anymore. Only maybe once or twice I saw him in town with his parents. He
just looked distant, a little scared.  The few times I tried to ask
Lucas about his brother, he got kinda quiet, seemed lost in thought
tepidly gesturing at vague mental health struggles. Having finally heard
what his brother must have all those years ago, made that sound
something damn hard to forget for him. Every other time we hung out he
would bring it up, play some animal sound he found online and ask me if
I thought it was it. I never thought it was, and he never really seemed
to think it was either. At times it got tiresome, but clearly he needed
to talk about it, and I was at least a little curious about what it
could be.

Approaching the halfway mark through July, we had watched just about
every 80’s movie we could get our hands on and done everything there was
to do in our little town twice over. Everyone but Lucas and I were busy
that night, so we found ourselves laying in Lucas’cramped and
half-finished basement having just watched The Breakfast Club and now
left rotting in our milieu of boredom.

Lucas then broke the silence, “What if we tried to find the Howler?” 

I wasn’t sure about it at first. “How the hell are we gonna do that?” I
questioned.
“We have no idea what’s making that noise, it could be a bird for all we
know.”  

“It sounds too much like other mammals to not be one, trust me okay”
replied Lucas. “We just have to keep our distance, they’re more scared
of us than we are of it!”  

“I don’t know man.” I hesitated. 

“Look, if we’re being real we probably won’t find anything, but at least
it gives us something to do! Beats sitting in this basement.”  

“Alright alright…” I said, “How are we gonna find this thing?”

 We surmised that it couldn’t be too hard, depending on the night the
Howler would either be silent or yelling almost every hour, maybe half
hour, practically leading us right to it. We just had to listen closely
enough and follow the sound. Eager to put our plan into action we raced
up the stairs out the front door, headed a block or two down, just close
enough to the Saaum to hear the howl. Standing out there we waded back
and forth between an anticipatory silence and planning what we would
bring for the hunt ahead. We ended up waiting for just under an hour.
Faintly, but clearly, we heard it. Exchanging glances and smiles we
headed back to get some supplies together. Opening the storage room
there was an impressive array of camping equipment: tents, lanterns,
firestarters, sleeping bags, flashlights, bug spray, you name it and it
was there. Searching through all of this mess we each grabbed a
flashlight, a disposable camera, a compass, and sprayed ourselves head
to toe with bug spray. Lastly, looking behind his shoulder Lucas reached
into one of the many boxes and pulled out a buck knife. 

“It’s my dad’s,” he told me “he’s pretty protective of it, but seems
like we should have it just in case… ya know?” 

“Probably a good idea” I replied, “you got anything for me?” 

Rustling around further he pulled out a dinky switchblade. “Uhhhh.. 
this is the next best thing.” He said handing it to me. 

“Fair enough…” I groaned.

Then, with a text to his mom that he was heading out, we set off on our
way. 

Beginning our march towards the Somme anticipation grew and grew. Wild
ideas danced in our heads and out our mouths of what could be the source
and what we might do upon finding it. Maybe it’s a rare as-of-yet
undiscovered species, that we’ll end up having the first ever photo of;
Maybe some animal with a strange disease. Any creeping anxiety of danger
was fended off by our knives and pushed aside by our hubris. We had just
come up to the field before the forest edge, when the howl came again.
It caught us by surprise. Brimming with all the excitement of finally
answering this question, one we have had in one form or another since
elementary school, the reality of that sound had gone to the back of our
minds.

From the treeline that throaty wet yell burst forth, as though the
towering evergreens were telling us to leave. To let the unknown remain
so. But in spite of its deep repulsiveness, something about that sound
was… fascinating, magnetic almost. An unease now entered the night, our
knives feeling duller and smaller now. Standing in the middle of the
field and taken by such surprise from the sound, we couldn’t agree on
which direction it had come from. The Somme had about four or so trails
leading into it, each going off on an entirely different route. Lucas
was certain it was the one on the far right but I had heard it off to
our left. Wanting to avoid the possibility of picking the wrong trail we
resolved to sit at one of the old picnic tables and wait to hear it
again. 

Waiting, once again, and stewing in the humidity of a midwest July we
kept mostly quiet, as did the night along with us. The crickets and
subtle buzz of all the insects were absent, and the nearby road just
barren asphalt. We found our only company in the breeze rushing through
the tall trees’ spires, nature returning to peace so quickly. After what
couldn’t have been more than five minutes we heard it again, louder now.
Listening more closely, the minutiae of this sound became further
present. It seemed more human in some ways but the bellowing roar
crawling under the sound was now deeply animalistic. I felt my spine
tense, my stomach clench, and my hairs stand on end from some strange
amalgamation of excitement and fear. I was torn further between repulsed
and fascinated. And now we could easily hear which trail it was coming
from, it was obvious. The one furthest right. Lucas had been correct.

Heading over to the trail it seemed unassuming as any other, maybe a
little less traveled with tree roots and branches frequently penetrating
the open space. The moon, barely a crescent, and the sun beginning to
pass under the horizon both shone their light through the branches and
onto the trail, just illuminating the path ahead. The forest wasn’t too
dense, but the darkness allowed only a turn or two of visibility before
fading into the unknown. With a deep breath, and some excitement
returning, we turned on our flashlights and stepped into the trail’s
beckoning maw. As we made our way along, only occasionally stumbling on
exposed roots, we traded back and forth rumors and stories about all the
myths of the Saaum. The walk went on joyfully laughing about the girl
who was insistent it was a witch that she saw flying over the woods, and
cringing about the assembly they held to tell us that all the stories
weren’t real because too many parents had complained. 

There really is nothing else like reminiscing on childhood rumors. It
brings you back to the place you were, and that special state of mind.
So much of childhood is spent in that state, between the make-believe
and the real. Knowing that something is pretend while a part of you
still thinks “what if” because the world hasn’t yet shown you it can’t
be. Out of this headspace comes those stories children tell, once they
realize that the right story can just about make that “what if” feel
true. It can only last for so long though, until the make-believe
becomes utterly incompatible with your reality, with your changing ways
of thinking.

Maybe this howl was something special. It was probably nothing, but that
hope made the world seem a little more like it used to. What happened to
Tommy didn’t seem so real. The crude nature of everything was far away.
The feelings of the growing heat, the sticky air, the sweat, the ache of
my feet on the uneven ground, and college looming only a month away all
stayed at an arm’s length. Talking about all of the rumors, eventually,
I had brought up one I hadn’t thought about for a while.

“Remember those kids who would say at night, the howler would come into
their room and scream to wake them up, but disappear before they could
see it? Man, a lot of those stories were dumb but that one still-”

I regretted bringing it up almost immediately, I remembered who one of
those kids was. I could see the grief and anger begin to spread across
his face.

“I-I’m sorry, I forgot abo-” I stuttered.

“No, it’s fine, it’s fine. Whatever that thing is, didn’t cause his…
problems. I mean, just, was the thing he happened to latch onto.
Could’ve been anything.” Lucas replied. 

“Yeah, but still… I mean… never mind.” I trailed off. 

Things were a lot quieter after that. The tac and grit of it all had
returned and cut our talk short. We both made occasional attempts at
conversation, most dying within less than a minute. There was plenty
more trail to cover, and we were both lost in thought. The oppressive
humidity grew and grew as regret and worry stewed in my mind but we
continued on, might as well.

Mosquitoes bit at my sweat-soaked arms and neck as we trudged deeper
through the forest trail. Now long past the glimmers of light at trail
open, the sun had set not leaving the faintest glow. Our flashlights and
the faint moonlight all that remained to fend off the darkness. Coming
to a fork in our path we had nothing to do but again wait and listen.

There wasn’t much waiting though. Almost as if on cue, the howl had once
again come ripping through the trees, this time to our left. A scream
now. Nearly human but definitely not. Certainly wrong, and crying in
what sounded to be a fraudulent pain. Lucas and I silently exchanged
glances, and took the path to our left. In the wake of the howl there
was stillness; the woods refused to make a sound, silently judging. The
trail ahead seemed to go on forever, shining our flashlights down the
trail only revealed more trail, more trees craning over it blotting out
the sky, and an inky blackness shrouding wherever it led.

Soon the forest began to take on a different character, slowly at first
and then rapidly. The trees, once flush with leaves at the start, now
looked increasingly decayed. The branches were more barren, and what
little green remained was duller too. A wind picked up through the
trees, and the last rays of light from above had faded. Total darkness
saturated nearly every corner of the forest. The knots in the wood could
be mistaken for eyes if you weren’t careful, staring, watching, knowing.
At a few points I almost thought they were. I could sure as hell feel
their gaze.

The woods then began to close in on us, roots and branches reaching
further into what was becoming less and less of a trail. Our teeth
clenched and our eyes grew wide, in an attempt to somehow look beyond
the dark at some threat unseen, unheard, and unknown. Paranoia seemed to
ooze from every corner of the trees dripping off their rotten leaves.
The wind rushed and whipped louder now, every step I took, crunching
leaves or breaking twigs sent a deafening shock through me. Every step,
a step I didn’t want to take, a step deeper into this place, closer to
that thing. The trail never turned, never forked, just a straight shot
ahead. Its conclusion inevitable. This search had to come to completion,
we had gone too far now. Although the fear in my body grew, to turn
around was to submit to it, to run from it, and by doing so: let it take
you. I couldn’t say how long we had been on that trail for. Time began
to lose meaning or importance. All there was, was the trail ahead and
the burning anticipation of the next howl.

The previous one still rang loudly in my mind, a sound with claws
sinking themselves deep into the folds of my brain, playing over and
over and over. My worries and thoughts of earlier were crowded out. The
only thing was that damned scream. The memory slowly morphed with my
reality, infecting my senses. As I went down the trail, though far away
from when I last heard the sound, I could still in a way feel its
vibrations in my chest, each hair standing primed. I could almost. even.
hear it. I even thought I might’ve a few times. Until I did. Cutting
through the monotony the howl came yet again, dead ahead. A strained and
violent scream you could nearly hear the wet ripping of vocal folds in,
alongside a low resonant guttural howl that made my vision shake. More
human now than before but still, it couldn’t be. It was loud enough,
that if not for my flashlight I would have thought it was inches from my
face. Inches from my face. Its eyes a black void and its mouth
impossibly wide stretching and tearing the skin, while blood and sinew
from a shredding throat spray onto my face and neck. 

But against all of this, against my better judgment, or any judgment at
all I continued on my march; some force of my subconscious demanding I
see the source of this sound and for my legs to continue. Lucas didn’t
protest, he couldn’t. Deeper and deeper we went, and further and further
away we were from the forest we had known. The trees contorting and
twisting themselves, straining into broken knots, their bark ripping,
their branches becoming sharper, becoming claws; the narrow beam of the
flashlight was more and more constricted and suffocated, at every glance
something moving just outside its reach, a momentary a shadow, a flash
of something, but never enough to be certain, or maybe it’s all a trick
of the dark in consort with my paranoid mind. That last howl never
stopped. The thing may have gone quiet, the noise of footsteps and the
ever stronger wind may have returned to my ears, but the feeling
persisted. All I could feel was the dense boundless twisting pit in my
stomach and constriction of my throat, the rest of me was weightless and
formless. Awash with a searing electricity of panic, all signals
unintelligible, reduced to a droning biochemical scream.

My mind had all but succumbed to a growing haze, dense enough to swim
through, a dominating static engulfing all cries for help or to turn
around. Past or future became absurd and meaningless. We could have been
on that trail for hours or minutes or years or seconds, the blur of
thought had washed away time and any sense of it. When every second only
repeats itself and its wicked cacophony of dread there is no reprieve to
see the passing of your footsteps. Only one lighthouse in the thick fog
of my psyche held strong, one thought untouched and perfectly clear. The
trail was all there was, ever had been, or ever needed to be. Its end is
unknowable but perfect, and inescapable. And who was I to deny the
trail.

Before I could even realize it, the trail’s timeless monotony had
broken, the lurching trees stood back and our flashlights shone onto a
clearing. The silence was absolute. The wind had settled, not chirp of
insects or even a ring of tinnitus remained. My body began to come back
to me, its electricity fading away. In a wave washing over me, the pit
shrank and the grip upon my throat relaxed. I hardly noticed Lucas,
wide-eyed, carefully drawing his camera from his pocket and readying a
photo, when I saw it. Near the edge of the clearing, not more than
twenty feet from us was what looked like a grey coyote. It stood so
utterly motionless, not a sway in its body or shift in its posture, nor
a single twitch of a single muscle. Its head facing away from us staring
into the endless dense black. For just a moment, I stared, as motionless
as it was, and waited.

Then it screamed. Distorted nearly beyond recognition it’s volume
shredding discernibility, a visceral force coming from all directions
pressing down on me crushing and wrenching, as though cracking every
bone in my body. SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! I could have sworn I heard. I
crumpled. It was so much, it was too much, my stomach turned, twisted,
and tightened. I leaned over and sour vomit spewed from my mouth, the
wretches only growing more and more violent as the sound continued to
break me. I felt a hand on my shoulder. Lucas grabbed me to pull me
along running. My body still a shell and my mind a chaotic fog, I
struggled to find my ground. Barely standing and barely aware, I made my
first lunges back down the trail, my feet dragging behind me, then
catching on an errant root. I fell forward, my head crashing onto the
ground. Lying prone for a split second I could feel a warm, damp breath
upon the back of my neck.

In an instant I frantically pulled myself up and threw my body forward,
my mind still a fog but with a different thought now clear: leave this
place. My feet pounded against the forest floor, every step now sending
shocks up my body. Quickly I caught up to Lucas and we ran and ran down
that trail. The tree’s claws and staring eyes, the whispers in the dark
at the edge of our light all now threatening to make us slow down even
one bit. To give us up to what was surely behind us.

With every inch of ourselves firing far beyond full capacity we bounded
down the narrow path as timelessly as we had come up it, chronology
blotted out by the encompassing terror that it was right behind us. Even
if we could not hear it it was at our backs. Even if we could not see it
it was gaining on us. Even if we could not feel it it would soon take
us. Coming to the fork in the path I knew we were close, but I could
feel the creeping exhaustion. Near to breaking down in that final
stretch of woods, once peaceful, now as wicked as all the rest of it.
Out the trail and into the field now the trees still watched, the thing
could be close, and so still we ran. Finally, collapsing a few blocks
away. Shakily catching our breath, Lucas heaved up his stomach contents
onto the sidewalk.

Safety still felt far. The thing still seemed near but trapped by the
limitations of our body we could run no longer and could only let the
caustic dread pour over us. Neither of us were able to say much. Through
hyperventilations, Lucas only said “it had a face” again and again. As
soon as we could, we weakly began limping our way down the sidewalk.
Another couple blocks from the forest we heard it again, distantly now.
Mocking us.

Lucas and I both looked at one another and I felt my jaw clench and lip
quiver. Tears began to stream down Lucas’ face and soon mine too. We
held each other for a bit leaning on the other to stay upright, tears
still silently falling from our eyes, the occasional sob leaving one of
us.

We staggered our way to my house that night, thankfully about as far
from the Saaum as you could get. Though a paranoia pervaded every step
still. Seeing my house again when I never thought I would and when it
had seemed so far away felt surreal. A bastion of safety, a place I
know, an end to the horrors of the night. As fast as I could muster, I
ran to the front door and with shaky hands struggled to put the key in
place, but soon turned the lock, and upon crossing the threshold into my
house: nothing changed. I felt the same. It was not the same place that
I had left earlier that day.

It too held the same corners in the forest that something may be around.
Eyes still watched from places I couldn’t know. Something was still
close. Lucas came up shortly behind me, and we opted to head to the
living room. The only lighting we had was a dim lamp next to the couch.
The light switches too shrouded in darkness to dare reach. Lucas
collapsed onto the couch, and I used my last shreds of energy to put a
DVD of some old sitcom reruns into the player. We didn’t speak for the
rest of the night. The darkness looming at the corners of the house kept
us up far past when we should’ve fallen asleep. We sat for a while, with
threads of fear the only thing holding us awake. The exhaustion grew,
and though I begged to stay awake for just a little bit longer, just to
be safe, exhaustion was victorious. Our bodies forcedforcing us to sleep
as the first rays of sunshine peeked through the window.

I don’t remember what happened the rest of the summer and it doesn’t
matter, that was two years ago now. The insomnia never ended. Laying in
bed at night still, I know it’s there. I can feel it standing just
outside my door, motionless as ever. Every single time I close my eyes I
can feel it there, just inches away from my face, waiting. It’s the
waiting that kills me, it’s the waiting that killed Lucas.
