I’ve lived in this apartment for three years now. It’s a decent place
small but cozy. The rent is affordable and it’s close to my job. I never
had any real complaints until a few months ago. That’s when I started
hearing her.

It began subtly a faint scratching sound at night. I figured it was mice
or maybe the old building settling. I bought some traps but caught
nothing. The scratching continued sometimes louder sometimes softer. It
always seemed to come from the wall behind my bed.

Then the whispers started. They were barely audible like someone
murmuring just outside a closed door. I couldn’t make out any words. It
was just a soft unintelligible drone. I thought I was losing my mind. I
even went to a doctor thinking it might be tinnitus or something. He
said I was fine.

One night the whispering was particularly clear. I pressed my ear
against the wall trying to discern anything. And then I heard it. A
name. My name. Whispered in a voice that was ancient and raspy. My blood
ran cold. I pulled away from the wall immediately. I spent the rest of
that night on the couch bundled in blankets.

The next day I called my landlord. I told him there was something in my
walls. He chuckled and said it was probably just the pipes. I insisted.
He sent over an exterminator who found no evidence of pests. He sent
over a plumber who said the pipes were perfectly fine.

I started sleeping with the lights on. It didn’t stop the whispers but
it made me feel a little safer. I even tried playing music or podcasts
to drown her out. It worked for a while but then she adapted. The
whispers would weave themselves into the background noise getting louder
until they were all I could hear.

I tried talking to her through the wall. I asked who she was and what
she wanted. There was no direct answer just more whispers. Sometimes
they sounded like weeping. Other times like soft laughter. It was
unnerving.

Last week things escalated. I was in my living room watching TV when I
heard a distinct thump from the wall. It wasn’t loud but it was
definitely there. I paused the TV and listened. There was a shuffling
sound then a soft groan. It sounded like someone shifting their weight.

I went to the wall and cautiously knocked. The sounds stopped. I waited.
Nothing. I knocked again a little harder. This time there was a faint
tap back. Three taps. Almost a reply. I felt a knot form in my stomach.

I started noticing other things. Small items in my apartment would move.
My keys would be on the table when I swore I left them on the hook. A
book would be open to a random page. I tried to rationalize it as
forgetfulness but deep down I knew. She was getting bolder.

Two nights ago I woke up to a chill in my room. The window was slightly
ajar even though I always lock it. I got up to close it and as I turned
back to my bed I saw it. A faint impression on my pillow. Like someone
had been lying there. I knew it wasn’t me. I sleep on my side. This was
a head shaped indent right in the middle of the pillow.

I didn’t sleep in my apartment that night. I went to a friend’s place. I
haven’t been back since. I’m staying in a motel now. I’ve been trying to
find a new place but it’s hard on short notice.

Yesterday I got a call from my landlord. He said my neighbors complained
about a strange smell coming from my apartment. He went in to check and
said he found something odd. He wouldn’t tell me over the phone. He just
said I needed to come see it.

I’m scared to go back. I have this terrible feeling that she’s finally
showing herself. I don’t know what to expect. What if she’s not just in
the walls anymore? What if she’s waiting for me? I just want this to be
over. I want to feel safe in my own home again. But I dont think I ever
will.
