https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/1w55ek8/the_blood_junkies/

After my last discovery, I continued to shadow the Brooders, as I’ve
come to call them. 

I quietly observed them whenever we happened to cross paths with one
another. 

Their lives followed routines. They tried to imitate those around them.
They attempted to blend in with society, and didn’t like drawing too
much attention to themselves. 

I watched Mother browse a thrift shop, buying (or rather stealing)
herself clothes, jewelry and kitchen utensils. Looking at all the full
bags she dragged out with her and thinking back to the cluttered state
of the house I decided she must be something of a hoarder. 

I learned that Drunk had a part time job doing deliveries of what I
unfortunately believe were food supplies, though I never figured out
where he was taking them to. 

This couldn’t have been a lot of income for all of them. However, they
hardly needed money. They could steal whatever they wanted with impunity
as easily as they could conceal any of their other abnormal behaviours.

Family outings were a chaotic business. At least one of them was always
on edge and as much as they attempted to engage in regular activities,
it typically broke down into petty squabbling, with either one of the
parents storming off and the other left to deal with the children. 

The only times I’ve ever seen one of them truly content was when they
were well fed with the pigsblood. This left them in a more docile and
relaxed state, though it seemed to affect each one of them differently.
Drunk became more of a drunk, Manchild acted even more freaky than he
usually did, and Mother’s nurturing instincts kicked into overdrive. 

I didn’t notice anything too suspicious from any of them except for
Manchild. His behaviour on the playground around children was
particularly concerning. Even his family seemed to recognize this. He
was scolded by both of his parents whenever he attempted to interact
with the kids - though I can’t say whether this was out of genuine
concern at the way he was acting or a desire to avoid attracting
unwanted attention. 

I ultimately decided to return to the house. I planned to go back some
time during the night. It had been around a month since my previous
visit, and I’d figured by then that I wasn’t getting anywhere by
shadowing them.  

Getting in would be easy. I knew I could use the back door. I planned to
take some pictures of the shoes and any other questionable evidence I
discovered. I also wanted to check out the basement and whatever rooms I
could get away with sneaking into. 

I brought some pepper spray with me. I didn’t want to get into a
confrontation with the Brooders, but I would have been stupid not to
carry some kind of protection.

It was a cold night. The forest was wet and damp, the miserable weather
complimented by a light layer of mist which settled about my legs. As I
stepped out into the frigid air, I was honestly considering abandoning
my plan. I knew I was treading into treacherous waters. 

I thought about it, but not for too long. I knew deep down this mystery
would never stop haunting me if I let it go. I had to push forward. 

The house was little more than a black shadow in the night as I
approached it. Each step I took on the wet ground was uncomfortably loud
as I headed toward the back entrance. 

Pausing near the back door, I shined a small flashlight toward the house
to illuminate its dark interior. 

I could see a good number of shapes which could have been a person. None
of them moved, though. Nothing reacted or jumped out at me. After a
careful survey of the living room with my light, I kept moving. 

Getting in was as easy as I’d imagined it would be. The back door was
still unlocked, and the house remained quiet as I stepped inside. My
only companions were a couple of milky white bugs which scattered around
my feet as I stepped gingerly on scraps of carpet and gently creaking
floorboards. 

I found the shoes easily. Scattered on top of them were some musty
smelling garments. I couldn’t have said if they belonged to the Brooders
or one of their possible victims. 

The rest of the house was unnoteworthy, save for the vast quantities of
junk I found littering the place. 

The one thing I deduced through my search of the house was how much
pigsblood the Brooders consumed. Half filled bottles and cartons lay
everywhere. Some were aged and cracked with faded labels while others
had been recently discarded. The floor was covered by reddish stains
across a number of rooms. Even some of the fruit I found had a
suspicious brownish substance coating the skin of it. 

The Brooders truly were addicts. And I was sure this substance was
connected to their abnormal nature. 

I gingerly tried to shift a couple of the less filthy looking items off
the top of one pile of junk. My movements stirred up a miniature
avalanche of bottles and papers and faded magazines. The sound of them
toppling over put an end to the quiet stillness which had settled over
the house. 

I left the room quickly, speeding up as I heard further echoes and
creaks sounding from above me. 

I had just stepped back into the living room when the first footfalls
began hitting the stairs. 

My breath caught in my throat. I scampered past the basement entrance to
cower underneath a mangled table as the steps shuffled their way closer.

I listened to him make his way through the living room. I could hear a
harsh voice cursing out in the darkness. 

I had sunk down into a crouch, one hand clutching onto the pepper spray
like it was my lifeline. 

I considered making a dash through the room for the back door. I was
confident I could outrun Drunk and lose him in the forest like I had the
first time. But that meant revealing where I was to him and my instincts
screamed at me to keep still.

A pair of squat, stubby legs shuffled into view. The familiar smell of
Drunk made me grimace, but it was what I saw in his hands that alarmed
me. 

I think I made some small, involuntary sound of surprise which drew his
attention. I had one moment to process he was holding the shotgun before
he spotted me. I had another as he stepped forward and raised the weapon
to point at me, snarling like a dog. Then I hit him with the pepper
spray, squeezing on the trigger as hard as I could.

He went reeling back, letting out a guttural curse. He nearly fell over
as I sprayed him again, grabbing onto a wall to steady himself.  

I lunged forward. All I could think of was that I had to get the gun
away from him before he could take a shot at me. The next thing I knew
we were on the floor, grappling with one another. WIth one hand I
attempted to get a hold of the gun as I clawed at his face with the
other. 

He was stronger than I expected. His grip on the weapon was unyielding.
He managed to roll on top of me and nearly knocked me senseless when he
headbutted me. Black spots swam into my vision as I felt my head smack
back into the cold stone I was being pinned down on. 

I responded by kneeing him in the groin as hard as I could. I felt
something soft and wet yielding underneath me. 

There was a gurgling grunt of pain. It was cut off by the deafening
sound of a gunshot. The force of it jerked the weapon out of both our
hands.

My face was sprayed with warm wetness. My ears were ringing and I could
taste something metallic in my mouth. The great weight on top of me
slackened and then slumped. 

His blood was trickling onto my face and shirt as I tried desperately to
wriggle out from underneath him. 

He was still groaning and gurgling as I struggled to free one of my legs
and then my pinned arm. It was only as I clawed myself away that I
realized how much gore there really was - on both of us. My shirt and
pants were soaked in it. 

I could hear something else as the ringing died down in my ears. It was
screaming. For a moment I attributed it to one of the other Brooders but
the noise wasn’t coming from upstairs. And it definitely didn’t sound
like any of them. I became more certain of that as I got to my feet and
fumbled around for my flashlight. 

‘Help me, please? Help! GET ME OUT OF HERE!’ 

I moved toward the sound numbly. I decided that going anywhere was good
so long as it took me away from the body. 

I paused as I caught sight of a face peeking out at me from the top of
the stairs. One of the Brooder children stood there trembling. It took
me a moment to understand that they were scared of me. 

Another voice was coming from upstairs. It was Mother. She cried out a
string of unintelligible words. She was interrupted by the pleading
voice calling out from underneath me. 

That’s when it really hit me. I faced a terrifying realization. 

I was right about the brooders having dark secrets. I was right about
the shoe’s origins. I was right about everything. 

The basement door was locked from the outside. The room within was dimly
lit by a kerosene lamp, leaving the surrounding walls patterned with
lazily dancing shadows. 

The source of the voice wasn’t difficult to find. She was half lying on
the floor near the lamp, her legs splayed out before her. When our eyes
met, her expression was a mixture of hope and disbelief. 

‘You’re not one of them, are you?’ She whimpered. 

I staggered down the last steps. I was completely lost for words. 

I noticed other things in those next couple moments. My eyes paused on a
large vat with a lid sitting loosely on top of it, crusty blood lining
the edges. Toward one dark corner lay a pile of blankets and underneath
that, a number of curled up and sunken outlines ending in what I was
sure were arms and legs. 

I spotted lumps of meat on the table upon which the lamp had been
placed, left to slowly ferment there. Flies quietly buzzed around each
heap of flesh. 

There were several overlapping pentagrams and other archaic symbols
scribbled across the floor. I felt an unwelcome shiver pass through me
as I laid eyes on them. 

This whole room was a menagerie of horrors I couldn’t make any sense
of. 

‘Hey! What the hell are you doing? Quit just goddamn standing there!’  

The voice drew my attention back to the girl. She was reaching out to me
with one hand, as far as the length of the chain binding it would allow
her to. 

‘Alright.’ If I focused on her, I wouldn’t have to contemplate the other
contents of the room - at least, not yet. And of course, she really did
need my help. 

‘How?’

‘There’s a key. Alastair has it.’ 

She sighed impatiently in response to my confusion. ‘That’s his gun
you’re holding. He’s the one with the big gut and the really flat
face.’ 

He’s the guy I just shot. 

‘He wears the key around his neck on this big keychain,’ she continued.
She climbed unsteadily to her feet, the chains rattling and clinking
underneath her. 

That was when I got my first good look at her. She was horrifyingly
thin, enough to draw a surprised gasp from my lips as I gazed at her
skeletal frame. 

‘I’ve been locked up down here for months,’ she said, glancing down at
herself. She spoke so emotionlessly, belying the bleak reality of the
statement. 

‘I’m so sorry,’ I found myself telling her. 

She raised her arms to me. ‘Then help me.’

Revisiting the body wasn’t something I took pleasure in doing. When I
saw Mother kneeling over him and weeping, I faltered and then stopped. I
felt my stomach lurch. 

I didn’t know what to say to her. Apparently she didn’t either. It would
have been easier if she rushed and attacked me. Then my choice would
have been made simple.

I shouted at her to leave. She began screaming and crying louder. So I
fired the shotgun into the air, which was enough to send her stumbling
back into the shadows. 

I avoided looking at the corpse as I felt for the keys. I kept my eyes
fixed on the shadow of Mother instead. I wanted to be ready if she tried
anything. 

It didn’t take me long to find them, and for that I was grateful. Once
I’d snatched the keys away from the bloody mess underneath me, I turned
and ran. A moment later I heard Mother calling out for her children. I
could still hear them wailing from the top of the stairs. 

After several attempts fitting each key into the lock, the girl snatched
the keychain from me and began working on it herself. 

‘I’m going to call the police,’ I decided. ‘They’ll come and figure this
out.’ 

She didn’t answer until she had freed her ankle from the grip of one
iron cuff. When she finally looked at me, it was through a curtain of
matted, dark hair. 

‘Good luck with that,’ she said warily. 

I wiped my filthy hand on my pants, looked at it, then wiped again. With
a grimace, I gingerly reached into my pocket. 

I waited uncomfortably as the phone rang. I was completely lost as to
what to say to the poor girl. For her part, she stayed silent. 

‘No signal. I’ll try outside.’ I started to move for the door.

‘They won’t listen to you,’ she called after me. ‘Those things have
everybody else under their spell.’  

‘They’ll listen to both of us,’ I said, glancing back. 

I sounded more confident than I felt. 

The girl had started sorting through the plastic bags and other bits of
rubbish with her feet. 

‘What are you doing?’ I asked. My hand was still closed around the
doorknob. 

She didn’t answer immediately. She continued shuffling around. She
appeared to be looking for something. 

She paused at a dirty milk carton sitting on a shelf at the other end of
the room, considered it and then picked it up. As it came into view of
my flashlight I saw the reddish contents. 

She took a drink from it. She drank, and drank. And I watched her. 

I felt my shoulders sag. 

‘Oh my god,’ I said slowly. ‘You are one of them, aren’t you?’ 

She looked at me sharply. ‘What? I am nothing like them. I’m not a
deranged monster who preys on innocent people.’ 

I looked her up and down. I took in her bloodstained lips and the
similar colouring on her hands and fingers. 

I took several steps away from her. 

She considered me for a moment, then shook her head. ‘Whatever. Think
what you want. You have no idea what it was like living down here.’ 

As I met her hollow and haunted eyes, I tried to imagine it. But what
life for her would have been like in this rotten place was beyond
imagination. 

I simply didn’t have an answer for her. 

I went outside to try my phone again. I had to walk around a bit to get
a passable signal, but I managed to tell the dispatcher about my fight
and the gruesome discoveries I’d made. 

The girl was outside waiting for me when I returned to inform her that
help was on its way. 

She didn’t seem too enthusiastic about it. She sunk back against the
wall, drawing her arms up around her legs. She was very quiet and
wouldn’t answer any of my questions, except to give me her name:
Anastasia. 

The next couple hours were a dream. It took long enough for the cops to
find the house and get to us. Then there was the ordeal of trying to
explain what happened while one of the female detectives tried to coax
Anastasia to talk. She answered her questions with little nods but
hardly spoke any words.

In their search of the residence, our rescuers found the house entirely
empty. Mother had gone. Her ‘children’ had fled with her. 

At first they suspected I was the one behind Anastasia’s disappearance.
Thankfully, she made it very clear who was responsible for her situation
when they started questioning me. Once I’d pointed them to the other
bodies in the basement, the officers were in a hurry to get us out of
the house and over to the police station. 

The truth came to light pretty quickly after that. 

It turns out Alastair had already been interviewed in relation to two
missing persons cases. He had also faced multiple charges for assault
and drunken misconduct. But that’s only the beginning of what they’d
find out about him.  

The coroner suggested it was likely Alastair had consumed parts of the
other bodies which had been left down there. Something about there being
traces of their DNA in his stomach. The details get pretty dark. And it
all connects back to the pigsblood. I’m pretty sure he was making that
stuff underneath the house. 

I was cleared of suspicion completely within a week, though providing a
proper explanation for my presence at the house turned out to be
complicated. The detective and I agreed that I had ended up at the wrong
end of an amateur crime investigation. I visited the house to try and
gather some proof and got stuck in a very bad situation. 

The police are convinced his wife is just another victim of his. They
attribute the deaths to being the deranged actions of a lone killer who
couldn’t escape his vices and hid them from his family. 

I can’t say for sure what involvement Mother had in the kidnappings. But
she and her children feasted on the blood of those innocents so as far
as I’m concerned, they’re all complicit. 

I keep thinking about what Anastasia said. How the Brooders have people
under their spell. That’s starting to make more sense to me, given how
sympathetic the detective acted toward Mother when she spoke about her
and the rest of her family. 

I can only guess Alastair’s own inhuman charms wore off when I killed
him. Or perhaps it was when the police were confronted with the brutal
truth of what he’d done.

Now this nightmare is finally over. 

I only feel a little traumatized at the moment. After what I went
through - and what I did - I believe I should feel worse. 

I’ve been doing my best to bury the bad thoughts in everyday activities
and so far that’s been working out alright. It’s only when I try to
sleep that the memories really get to me. 

I’ll see a therapist if that’s what my parents want. I keep imagining
what they would think if I opened up to them about all of this. But I’m
not stupid. I don’t feel like wasting away in an institution for the
next couple of years. 

Maybe that’s why I’m recording this. I feel better putting the truth
down somewhere. I’m tired of having to keep up with the elaborate lie
I’ve been telling everyone. And believe me when I say everybody I know
has been begging me to tell them exactly what happened. I have a feeling
this story will shadow me for the rest of my life. 
