I’ve been having this weird dream. A dream where the street lights are
on.

My neighbourhood is completely silent. Even the crickets hesitate. No
screams, no late-night movies; not a single biotic factor would dare
make a sound. 

The only time we’d get that treat was the cold, whistling wind. 

Normally, however extreme my dreams were, I’d keep them to myself.
Especially one as boring as this. 

It’s unbelievable, actually, how static this one was. No wind, no
hesitant crickets, just a soft buzz. All I can seem to remember is the
increasing intensity of the buzz. 

It felt wrong. 

And not just getting louder; it was getting closer. A buzz too steady.
Too aware. 

Then, suddenly, cold sweats. I was awake. Dawn hadn’t yet broken, but my
eyes readily adjusted to some form of bright light.

“The street lights really are on?” I was amazed. It was the fact that
the lights shouldn’t have been on.

Not because of some deranged lunatic running around, or because a
satellite would notice us from the threshold of the atmosphere; no, we
literally had no energy to allow them to be on. 

My neighbourhood had faced a power outage last night, and this evening I
did my physics homework under a gas lamp. 

I looked out the window, trying to better understand the situation, but
I was just met with that same wind. Again, strange. 

I checked my bedside analogue clock, and it read 1:45 AM. I could have
sworn it had been three hours since I had closed my eyes, trying to get
back to sleep. 

I didn’t struggle with insomnia or sleep apnea; I was usually in deep
hypnogogic sleep.

I got out of bed and made my way towards my sister’s room. I knew I
couldn’t be the only one. But I was. 

The door creaked open, slowly. 

“Anna, you awake?” I whispered through the opening of the door. More
silence. 

I looked in, and the bed had been organised neatly, the window closed. 

The room was untouched. 

I looked into my parents’ room at the end of the hallway, same thing.
It’s as if no one had come into this house, ever, in the time I had been
asleep. 

I unironically was the only person in the house. It’s like we hadn’t all
just been playing Monopoly 2 hours earlier. At least, according to my
clock.

I was alone.

I went to the fridge and began rinsing an apple, my mind running through
all rational conclusions that seemed to just pull me further from the
truth. 

I had lost track of time, and the sink began overflowing, my arm
submerged, apple in hand. 

I debated going back to bed, being safe and ignorant, but I was overcome
with curiosity.

 I hesitantly walked out into the street, biting into my apple slowly.

There was no wind anymore, none of those crickets either, and the buzz
had stopped. 

The bite I took was nearly deafening. 

Before I could murmur to myself, my head darted to my right. 

The same steady buzz. 

I was terrified. My senses had suddenly been tuned to 1000. 

The distant sound of sandals, flapping and scraping against the street. 

The buzz intensified. 

Initially, the sounds came at regular intervals. 

Then the flaps had become scattered, at different rates, and varying
extents of sound.

It was a behaviour you’d expect of an organism that was trying to
emulate the feeling of excitement. 

As I was pondering for a few seconds, that probably turned to hours, I
remained under the starless night.

I hadn’t realized why my thoughts had begun to appear so clearly, and to
me, with such focus,

The flapping of the sandals had begun to slowly quiet down. I probably
would have missed it if I hadn’t paid as much attention as I did.

 I was suddenly faced with a sensory conflict; my visual and auditory
systems registered two very opposing stimuli. Something was moving
toward me, accelerating impossibly for anything I had known to be true,
and it became more silent as it approached. 

I paid no mind to the dimly lit part of the street where they’d be
approaching from. 

I threw off my own slippers and began running down the street.

The soft friction between my soles and the asphalt. The irritation of
the buzz. My lingering confusion, my rage as I hastily looked around for
somewhere, anywhere, where I could hide and gather my thoughts. 

But I was a victim of exposure. Even as I ran toward the darkness down
the road, the light consumed my environment. For the first time in my
life, I yearned for the safety of the darkness; I accepted its
uncertainty, as it proposed security. 

To assess what madness was happening, I turned my head to look back.
There were no sandals, not even feet.

It tried to look human, but it very obviously wasn’t. It had a slug-like
body and had tried to take on the appearance of Anna. 

The skin was grey, silver. Stretched too tightly against the skull. 

No matter, the skull clearly didn’t belong to a human being. 

That isn’t my sister. And her right eye was bulging, almost completely
out of its socket. 

It had a cartoonishly large, gaping smile, bobbing its head left to
right. It appeared to be ecstatic, as though it took immense pleasure in
its hunt. 

 Its tongue was rapidly clicking against the roof of its mouth; it
seemed this was the source of the sandals. It must have tried to keep up
the pace back then, and took conventional breaks to maintain the rate of
clicks.

I was tired; I just wanted to close my eyes and wake up to the smell of
maple.  

As I resisted my slowing legs, I could see its eyes growing larger. It
was foaming at the mouth. 

Its eyes, bulging proportionally to my beating heart. It was like the
eyes were waiting for my chest to explode, so they could as well. 

It understood what it was doing. 

Every click, every mile.

It had begun crying, not out of fear, loss, or any other appropriate
circumstance. 

It was the exhilaration of the hunt;

I was so afraid, I didn’t realise why everything got darker. 

It was above me, looking down.

 Laughing with no sound, not even a wheeze. 

It was shaking violently, crying excessively, and saliva began flooding
my mouth. 

And it began clicking its tongue at an impossible pace. 

I was disgusted.

 In that moment, not a fibre of my being could begin to fathom fear. It
had overwhelmed my mind; what I saw. Fear couldn’t even begin to
describe it.

I had closed my eyes. And opened them again, to darkness. 

There were no lights. No clicking. No tears but my own. 

I was back in my bed. 

The clock read 1:50. I didn’t want to go back to sleep. But I was
exhausted. 

If I didn’t run those miles, my mind certainly did. 

I went to close the shutters; maybe that would settle my nerves. 

But as I approached the window, I saw there, in the middle of the road,
an apple stem. 

On it beamed the moonlight, on this one object. 

In my head, I called it a proof. I slapped myself and forced my hand
back to bed.  But then came that ethereal sound.

The moonlight vanished.

My hunger returned.

My legs, pulsating.

I jumped up to get an apple from the kitchen.

My sister’s hungry when the street lights are on.
