I am the luckiest woman on earth. When the sun shines upon me I smile
knowing every minute aspect of my life is looked after and catered to by
men as loyal as dogs. There’s not a moment my teeth don’t peer from
behind my smiling lips at the wonders my loving husband has conjured
before me. I’m the luckiest woman on earth.

That’s what everyone tells me, at least.

Every night I force a laugh to appease the passive-aggressive envy that
the trophy wives let slip behind their venomous, lipstick smeared teeth.
They’re so happy to tell me how lucky I am to be engaged to my beloved,
all while their own husbands stroke each other’s golf clubs across the
green for hours.

“I know I shouldn’t say this…”

Then please don’t.

“But… I mean look at him.”

I’ve done so before.

“Not to mention his job.”

The most attractive thing about a man, I’ll give you that.

“You’re destined to be First Lady one of these days.”

GOD NO.

“All, I’m saying is… you’re so-”

Lucky. That was its name printed in black ink. It stared at me from a
laminated sheet while the real Lucky did the same from behind the
shit-smeared bars that stood between us. We stayed like that a while,
its yellow eye locked on to my dark irises. And mine locked onto his
missing socket. I thought the name was fitting as it was clear the cat
had been through hell at some point, that empty socket was one of many
faded battle scars that would have been doom for lesser felines. I
wonder if he liked the name. Probably not. If he was really lucky he’d
have both his eyes. Likely wouldn’t be in a shelter either. Might even
know how to use a litterbox. And if he was really lucky, he’d be me.

My attention fell from the cat and to the bars between us. My thumb
fidgeted the silver ring clinging to my finger. Lucky…

I reached out to place a pale finger between the bars. This earned me a
swipe and hiss followed by what I could assume to be a stern talking to.
Unfortunately, I did not speak cat.

“Oh he’s um… not too fond of people,” the timid voice of the rescue
worker reminded me that Lucky and I were not alone in this room. I
nodded to her in response before hissing back at Lucky. He blinked
slowly, the worker mumbled something to herself.

“I think I’ll take him,” I said without looking away.

“Are you sure… he doesn’t seem to like you.”

“I need a barn cat to catch rats. He seems the type. Besides, I hear
he’s Lucky.”

A few seconds of silence passed before I sighed, “That was a joke.”

“You’re kinda weird, ma’am.”

I remember wishing animal shelters accepted tips so that I could stiff
this lady, but instead I asked her to kennel up the cat and secretly
giggled when Lucky shared his opinions with her as well.

On the way out, when I was scribbling my name across the paperwork, I
went through a rehearsed conversation when the receptionist asked, “Hey…
aren’t you married to-”

“Engaged, but yes.”

“Oh my god! You know, I went to school with him. We actually went to
prom together.”

“Wow… that’s cool,” I had met three other women with the same story and
had secretly been hoping to finish my collection with mystery woman
number four. He matched his type. Blonde hair, light eyes, full chest. I
wondered when his appetites changed, or if he just picked me because I
looked classy enough to have at his shoulder to prevent others from
whispering behind his back.

I knew the next words by heart.

“You are so-”

Lucky. I had been wondering what I was craving for the past week and
couldn’t put my finger on it. It hit me just before Brookshires became a
distant image in my rearview mirror. Lucky Charms. I really wanted some
Lucky Charms. When I walked the aisles everyone was staring at me, I
didn’t think 27 was too old to be eating Lucky Charms, but by the way
people craned their necks to goggle, I’d have thought I was grabbing a
box of Buch at 11am. An elderly worker approached me. I readied myself
to fight for my cereal.

“Ma’am,” she said, “Would you mind leaving your cat outside.”

That made more sense. I had only uncovered the secrets of my cravings on
the way back from the animal shelter, and it’s not as if I could’ve just
left Lucky in the car under the Texas summer sun. So, he needed to come
with me. This was a decision he abhorred of course and, used a well
thought out argument to detail why I should leave him in the car.
However, the well said and structured argument was lost on both I and
the various shoppers who heard nothing but rabid hisses and growls.

“Oh,” I said, “yeah, I didn’t want to leave him in the car.”

“Well, we’re going to have to ask you to leave.”

“I was heading that way now.”

“We can’t check you out.”

“Look, I’m just getting cereal, me and the cat will be gone-”

“Ma’am, we have a very strict-”

The argument was cut short when a plump man in clothes fit for a manager
materialized behind the worker, “That’s enough, Cathy. Why don’t you
help Jackson in the back.”

She made her exit post scowl, leaving me with my knight in shining
armor. I nodded thanks to him, hoping I could finally heed Lucky’s many
requests to leave, but this man made it clear a conversation was
unavoidable.

He smiled in a way that showed off his Veneers before speaking, “Sorry,
she’s a bit of a stickler for the rules.”

“It’s fine, thank you.”

“You don’t remember me, huh?”

Should I? “Oh! You um… do look familiar!”

“Country Club. Almost swindled your man out of a grand on the course.”

Goddamn it. “Oh! Of course!”

“I gotta tell ya, that’s a good man.”

“The best…”

“You are so-”

Lucky. I was lucky to get out of there when I did. I just barely managed
to dodge the gathering of grieving families with fliers of realities
that no one was brave enough to tell them weren’t just missing. It broke
my heart a bit to see them hold on to hope for so long. I’d barely
managed to dodge them today, but other days I’d have to look them in
their broken eyes as they handed me a photo of their missing loved one.
Broke my heart every time.

It just sucked. Normally, I would be hopeful for them. However, after
these past few months I’ve been unable to find a single glass in this
town half full. Not after seeing the images my husband left on his desk.
The images of the relatives that were found. My mind drifted back.
Elongated limbs and ripping skin. Their faces contorted into
unimaginable agony. The color of-

“Is that you,” a tiny voice behind me broke me out of my trance. I
turned to see a tiny old woman holding a bundle of fliers.

Fuck.

“Hey there,  Ida,” I said with a smile. This time a real one. Ida I was
never close with, but her niece I was. Marie, a quiet woman who rarely
opened her mouth at the country club, something I was drawn to. She also
happened to be the first in the town to go missing.

Ida smiled, the many creases on her face that surrounded her face rubbed
each other with enough friction to melt my heart, “I knew it was you. No
one else in this town has hair like that!”

I giggled at what I hoped was a compliment as she handed me a flier of
Marie. I couldn’t look her in the eye. Either of them. Ida sighed, “Has
your husband mentioned…”

I shook my head.

She nodded, “Is it bad to say I’m glad more people vanished? I know that
sounds bad… but those rumors spread after they found Jackson.”

“I get it… People just didn’t know her. She wasn’t the type,” even if
she should have been.

Ida looked back to the crowd of doubters, her smile wavered, “I never
liked that man. He never dirtied his coat for her.”

Busted a knuckle or two on her though, “Yeah… I wasn’t a fan either.”

“It breaks my heart to see everyone treat him like Christ on the Cross.
That man was rotten. I was so lucky to have a good one like Roge. You
too, honey, you are so-”

Lucky. I am so fucking Lucky.

Lucky didn’t feel like leaving his kennel. Cried since the moment he got
in but when that door was finally open he shut the fuck up and fell
asleep inside. I rolled my eyes. Was the barn not good enough for him? I
could take his ass back to the animal shelter. See how many snot nosed
brats walked past him before they stuck him with a needle and threw him
out back.

That was mean.

I apologized for the thought and left the barn to look out over the
rolling hills before me. A sea of flowing green that held the renovated
plantation afloat. A stark white monolith staining the emerald ocean. Of
course, the grass wasn’t the only green keeping it standing. In truth,
this place should have rotted decades ago but old money feeds its roots
and my beloved’s family had no shame in where they made their fortune.
They made sure the paint didn’t so much as chip when they gave it to
their lovely son and his future bride.

Minutes passed without my eyes leaving it. I spat and turned back to the
hills. These weren’t free of his family’s grip either, but they couldn’t
choose who built monstrosities upon their visage. They were simply
hills. One could argue the house was simply a house, but it’s easy to
forget that when the architecture was sculpted to make slavers appear
like gods. I looked back to see Lucky had vacated the kennel, the
thought occurred to me his name was starting to match just as my foot
collided with the kennel and sent it into the nearby pile of damp hay. I
took a breath and told myself it was time to collect the eggs.

I hate farm work. All work, really, but farm work in particular always
made me grumble and complain, not dissimilar to a cat forced into a
kennel. Tending to the cows was a headache (they hated me), the horses
were stressful (they hated me), and the goats made a game out of ramming
the back of my knees (do I really need to say?) The sole exception to
this torture was collecting the eggs from the chickens. I felt a
connection with the hens and them with me. When I hummed a soft melody
to them they would chirp and rise to allow me to take their bounty.
Hated when my dear husband did it, he was a master when dealing with
every other animal, but the chickens didn’t allow him to leave without
drawing blood.

The tin door creaked as I pulled it open causing the birds to scatter
and protest before they heard my voice, “As I went down in the river to
pray, studying about the good ole’ way and who shall wear that starry
crown good Lord show me the way.”

Protests slowly silenced themselves, but feathers remained raised which
was uncharacteristic of my poultry friends. I began conversation,
something I did far too often to be considered healthy, “What’s up,
fellas? There drama in the hen house today? Is Teddy Roostervelt
sleeping around again?”

Whatever the hubbub was must have been a private matter because no
answer was offered, just more panicked glances around at the dusty pen,
“Oh well,” I replied, tossing feed onto the ground, “This should cheer
you up.”

It did indeed, in less than a few pecks not a feather was ruffled. A
smile finally found its way to my face as I got to my favorite part,
stepping over the eager birds to the tin hut at the back, just barely
aged with rust and vine, “Okay girls, what have we-”

Something was wrong. The moment I stepped near I could taste it. Like
there were pennies on my tongue. This wasn’t an unfamiliar taste, I’d
gone to bed with the metallic sensation slithering between my teeth for
years. If I lived a thousand centuries I’d never forget the taste of
blood.

It was Henlory Clinton, a name too humorous for the horrible scene
before me. Her chest was carved open with something jagged and sharp
before her insides were cleared to make a hollow cage of visible, bloody
ribs. Her fellow hens looked upon her mangled form with fear and the
closest thing a hen could conjure to sadness. Her head was the worst
part, it sat at the end of the shack, crookedly standing atop a ravaged
throat, the head tilted downward enough for the black eye to stare at
me. I knew she wasn’t blaming me. However, seeing that blank, dead eye
reflect me back on its surface made my stomach churn.

Eun.

“Honey?”

I jumped and turned at the sudden noise to see a large blue form
blocking my way to the door. There was a mental effort to revive my long
dead middle school martial arts lessons before I realized it would be
pointless. The form was just my dear husband. He backed away upon seeing
he startled me, “Sorry! I was calling your name and-”

“Jesus,” I was catching my breath, “Didn’t think you’d be here so
early.”

“I’m late actually, and- oh my god.”

He had finally seen Mrs. Clinton. I elected not to follow his gaze, my
eyes watched the orange sun dipping below the swirling lava flow of the
horizon. How long had I been out here?

“Think it was a fox,” he asked.

I shrugged, “Never known them to pace themselves. Any fox I’ve met would
have left this whole place a blood bath.”

“Maybe,” he said, his eyes looked over my shoulder to the pen. My eyes
dropped from the sun to the golden badge where I saw the same splash of
dark red. Now I was focused on his eyes which seemed heavy with
exhaustion, “What is it?”

He walked past me to the pen. I let him.

***

“Media is likely going to want a statement tonight, and after that I
don’t see any good publicity that can come from a good night’s rest,” I
nodded as I stared at the chicken coop from our bedroom window.

“Who was it?”

“Some hermit,” he replied, “Only one of the deputies knew him. Lived off
the land as much as he could. Guess that’s why it took so long before
someone realized he was missing.”

“What’s that? The seventh one?”

“Yeah, seventh one since Jackson and his wife went missing.”

“Marie,” I corrected him.

“What?”

“Her name was Marie, not Jackson’s wife.”

“… Right.”

It was hard to see under the night sky, but I could just barely make out
the form of the coop, “And you’re sure it wasn’t just a bear or
something?”

“Most bears don’t stretch their food to death so… yeah..”

I didn’t say anything.

“Sorry,” he said.

“It’s fine.”

We didn’t say anything, not for a while at least. It was getting to the
point that I wondered if he had somehow left the house while dodging
every floorboard creak in this ancient building. This theory was
demolished by his request, “It would look good for my wife to be at my
side at the conference. People are starting to believe you’re a shut
in.”

There were a lot of things I could have said in that moment about what
he actually cared about and how little I, in turn, could care about what
the tiny people in this tiny town thought of me. I thought about how
lucky I must be to have a husband that worries and agonizes over what
his shitty little golf buddies think about his weird little wife. I
thought about how lucky.

“I really should stay. Whatever killed my hen is bound to come back.”

He was silent again. I had hoped this was the start of him leaving and
it almost was. From his reflection in the window I saw him turn and
stomp his way to the doorway. However, just before he passed through, he
stopped. His hand rested on the ancient wall paper which at one time had
depicted vibrant nettles. He stayed there. His hand flexed with veins.
It was almost as if he was falling and that one hand was keeping him
from plummeting into the darkness of the house. In an instant, he
slammed it into the wall before turning to face me, “sometimes I… I just
can’t understand you. Do you know what it’s like? To go out there and
see my citizens-”

“Your citizens? You’re not mayor yet, dar-”

“My fucking friends torn apart by some maniac. A-and when I get home
it’s just this. Ice.”

I said nothing, but my eyes watched him in the reflection. His own eyes
turned to his hand which had left a sizable dent in the wall. Seconds
later, that hamd dropped at his side, the reflection shimmered as light
caught the edges of his father’s silver cuff links. From a certain
perspective he almost appeared weighed down by the metal at his wrists.
Chained even. Something rang within me. It would have been foolish to
call it a pang of guilt as that pang was muffled under oceans of
resentment. But there was a pang.

“I know this agreement isn’t ideal for you,” he started, “I wasn’t happy
with it either. However, our parents invested a lot into this and with
my father gone I am the head of this family. I… I just don’t think I can
hold it all on my own.”

I said nothing.

That’s how the conversation ended. My darling husband ran off to save
the day while I sat in the ancient house haunted by sin and history. The
pang returned. I needed something to focus on.

The form of the coop rested in the murky depths of the night sky. It was
a new moon tonight, the sprawling canvas of blue grey starlight bled its
dim light over our yard, it just barely concealed any predators that
might be lurking towards the chicken coop.

I didn’t like it when he was here. Never knew what to do with myself and
what I did manage somehow felt like a disappointment. Didn’t make sense
to me why I cared if I disappointed him, not like either of us held the
other’s opinion in high regard. Maybe it’s human nature to avoid
disappointing our fellow man. I didn’t like it when he was here. But I
hated it when he wasn’t.

This house. It almost seemed to breathe when I was alone. Distant
ticking of a grandfather clock reverberated off the ancient wooden walls
like the pulse of a great beast. I’d often imagine the living room swell
and compress before swallowing me into the deep belly of the earth where
the worms and burrowing creatures would break me down till I was
indistinguishable from the slaves buried on the property. No one could
convince me this place couldn’t swallow someone whole when it had done
so before. Part of me wished I had joined my husband.

I grabbed the trusty 30 ought 6 and sat on the porch to watch for this
predator. Might be a little overkill for a simple fox, but it was the
only weapon in the house that was mine. I hugged it like a lover as my
chosen rocking chair creaked in rhythm with the nighttime symphony. A
symphony that was joined by the crying of a lonely tom cat.

I chuckled to myself, “Lucky…”

Sprek

No part of me remembered falling asleep. It was certainly a concern
since I was exhausted from my busy day of doing nothing, but I had
contingencies. The creaking of the rocking chair had created something
akin to a beat and I spent my time imagining lyrics to various songs
over said beat. Turns out this functioned as a lullaby and I had passed
out snuggling my rifle and only came to when the screaming from the
chicken coop reached its climax.

The moment I woke I understood my mistake and cursed before sprinting
into the dark toward the vague shape of a distant chicken coop. I was
only halfway there when I tripped and heard a Bocok exclaim into the
night. When I looked back I was staring at Teddy Roostervelt who
strutted free of his coop, happily pecking at the ground. The fact he
was here and not in the coop could only mean-

The coop was destroyed. Something had torn through the chicken wire like
tissue paper, and whatever it was stood about 5 feet taller than a fox.
What it left behind was sadistic. I couldn’t tell which parts belonged
to who anymore. A mangled poultry head hung from the wire roof, bloody
feathers floated down through the air when they were too free of gore to
drip. Once again, the air was filled with that familiar, sickening taste
of bloody death.

This time however, I was certain of something I had only suspected
before. This level of violence. The overwhelming sadism that was
displayed by the scene couldn’t have been achieved on the base instinct
of an animal. Whatever did this had acted on darker intentions than
simply eating to survive. This was no predator. It was a human.

“Hello.”

It was behind me, muffled and quiet but certainly behind me. I saw
images of a monster hidden beneath a black mask. In an instant I had
turned to face the darkness with my rifle held at ready. My ignorant
eyes scanned the unyielding blackness for the source of the noise.
However, any attempt was useless. If I hadn’t just heard this person, I
would have thought no one was there.

“You’re on private property,” I was speaking without even realising. And
as such my words came with quakes and stutters that let slip my
vulnerability.

“Holy shit! Holy shit! Fuck! I hear you! Where are you!”

“Somewhere you shouldn’t be, get the fuck out of here,”

Something wasn’t right. 

“I’m armed and I swear to god!” 

Whoever this was sounded terrified. 

“ I will put you down!” 

A tweaker maybe? That would explain the carnage.

“Please! You gotta help me, I don’t know where the fuck I am!”

My eye continued scanning the darkness in a vein attempt to pierce its
veil. Eventually, I said fuck it and reached for my phone. As I did the
man’s voice began a panicked, violent weep, “please, please, please,
please. Where are you? I can’t see you.”

When my phone finally cut through the shade of the new moon’s night, I
was confronted with no one. It was just me within the remains of the
chicken pen. I searched and spun and looked everywhere I could before
the evidence was irrefutable, there was no one here, “Where are you?”

“I don’t know man! I don’t fucking know! I’ve been walking in this
forest for 7 hours. I… I don’t think the moon has moved…”

I shook my head, “What?”

“I TOLD YOU I DON’T KNOW WHERE THE FUCK I AM!!!”

I nodded, “Okay! Okay… C-can you see me?”

“No… no I can’t fucking see you…”

“You’re in a forest?”

“Y-Yeah.”

“I’m in my chicken pen right now, are you sure you’re not just near a
forest-”

“No! I’m shaking hands with a tree right now, lady. I’ve been walking
forever I haven’t seen a single house or person or whatever the fuck! I
just heard you walking and called out.”

“Listen. I am not in a forest. So how are we hearing each other?”

There was a long silence before I heard him again, “Oh my god… are you
shining that light?”

I didn’t get to answer before I noticed movement on the ground, my eyes
fell to see a small object slither from the earth and wiggle in the gore
and dust. A human finger, “You’re under ground?!”

“No! No, I’m looking at the moon! You’re underground!”

Then it clicked. Finally, I caught that bit I’d let pass unnoticed the
first time, “Dude, it’s a new moon. There’s no way you can be looking at
the moon right now.”

“Lady, I can see it with my own- Wait, that doesn’t look… Can you see
the sky?”

I nodded before realizing it was useless, “Yes.”

“You’re fucking with me.”

“Put your eye to the hole and see if I’m fucking with you.”

The finger slithered back before a long silence passed. Eventually, I
heard him again. And when it did, it did so with the shaking, broken
voice of a man whose entire reality was crumbling around him, “how…”

“Look, I can get you out of there but you have to tell me what happened.
You said you were walking for 7 hours. Where were you before that?”

“I was… I was at home, on my property. I-I’m pretty sure I fell into a
cave or something.”

“A cave?”

“Yeah, I stepped on some unstable ground around these mushrooms and I
fell through. Was out for God knows how long and woke up in this
forest.”

I decided I’d indulge in curiosity myself, putting my eye to the hole
where I was greeted by the bright silver glow of a full and alien moon.
It looked similar, but the markings on its face which I had studied
closely on sleepless nights were that of a stranger. That was,
“Impossible.”

“Look lady, I don’t know what’s going on but I gotta get outta here.
Please, please, get a shovel and dig me out or something.”

“Yeah,” I said, slowly gathering myself and coming down from the
impossible discovery, “Yeah… My husband is the sheriff. I’ll call him
and-”

“Fuck that! I need to get out of here now. They’re going to find me.”

“Who’s they? I thought you said you hadn’t seen anyone?”

“These things aren’t people, man. They’ve been hunting me. I-I’m
bleeding and I just really need to get out right now- Oh… oh shit…”

“What?”

“No! Stay away! Get away from me!”

“What’s happening!”

“Noooo,” as I heard him scream, his voice almost seemed to distort, the
sound became strangely pitched and strained before it became something I
couldn’t describe as human. As it grew more and more difficult to
describe, I felt a strange sensation. It was as if my body was being
pulled.

You know when you were a kid and you’d hang upside down on the monkey
bars? All the blood would rush to your head as gravity did its best to
pull you back down to solid earth. It was like that. Blood rushed
forward. I noticed my hair whipping and moving on its own, almost
seeming to be sucked towards the hole. That’s when I saw the ground.

It was warping. Not moving. Warping. It wasn’t so much that dirt was
being sucked in, the very earth was stretching. The details of it grew
distorted and strange like the lettering on a rubber bracelet pulled
taught. I jumped back from the hole and to my feet, turning to run to
the house as his scream deepened into the low, horrific roar of a cosmic
void. No desire to save the man remained. I needed to run, needed to
escape. However, that was easier said than done. Each step was an
Olympian feat, like running in a dream. Step after laborious step and
still I was getting nowhere. My vast strides, try as they might, could
not escape the 5 foot radius of the chicken pen. The roar grew louder.
The earth began to slope down into the abyss. I couldn’t run anymore;
the ground was now a wall. I was falling down an endless tube into
darkness and the infinite singularity at the bottom.

The roar was cut off, my back collided with the bloody ground as the
momentum of that force enacted its last bit of agency over me. I laid in
the dirt hyperventilating as my eyes stared at the tiny hole in my
chicken coop. My brain told me more was coming, that a great beast would
burst through the earth and drag me down into that world bathed in alien
silver. Yet, it never happened. The beast was already here as I heard
the cries of Lucky, who was unlucky enough to find it.

I don’t know what drove me. What horrid god struck me with the strength
and courage to stand my ground. But before I knew it, I was on my feet
and walking toward the barn, by rifle tacky with dried blood. Inside I
could hear the feral screaming of Lucky which grew more and more
congested with gurgled gags. Lights danced through the open door despite
no bulb in that building being able to conjure such colors. My breath
was rapid. My legs shook. I lifted the rifle and stepped inside.

It crouched before the mountain of hay, feasting upon the bloody remains
of Lucky who’s head had been discarded to the far corner of the barn.
Small orbs of dancing, shifting light swirled around the creature’s body
as it snapped and ripped and chewed and swallowed. From my angle I could
see the visible ribs through its ash grew skin which almost seemed to
glitter like starlight. Beside that, nothing much else was visible.
However, I didn’t need more to see it was human.

“H-hey!”

Its eyes proved me wrong the moment they pierced my body with unseen
daggers. Brilliantly vibrant and massive like that of an owl, they
studied me, unblinking as I shook and studied back. I saw its long, dark
green hair bristle and raise in agitation. I held my gun steady and
spoke through fear, “D-don’t come any closer. Just… just get out of my
barn.”

The creature didn’t move for a long while and when it did, it was to
scan the area with its eyes, “Maee Barne?”

Oh god, it can speak.

“Yes! My barn! Leave my barn now, or I’ll shoot.”

It finally stood upright, its nude form revealed it to be female and
almost human enough to mistake. If it wasn’t for the eyes, the quill
like hair, the ears.

“Good, now just leave.”

Instead, it stood still facing me, “Mai Burn?”

“Yes! Leave my barn!”

“My Barn.”

Its eyes shrunk to slits and a smile found its lips, “My Barn, Eun!”

At that moment, the barn was gone. The rafters, the walls, each and
every rusty nail instantaneously vanished and was replaced by a snowfall
of pure white feathers. I gasped and squeezed the trigger, firing
blindly in the fog of poultry. I heard whatever it was hiss and
footfalls crossing the dirt. To my left I saw a flash of dark green. I
cursed and pulled back the bolt, casting the casing into the storm of
feathers.

Before I could push the bolt back and chamber another round I felt the
breath in my throat halt and my feet flail as they searched for ground.
This creature had me by the throat with two hands as solid as redwood.
They squeezed as it watched me with pupils so thin they the whole
eyeball appeared yellow. I gagged and instinctively grabbed her wrist in
defense. The moment I did, the air ignited in emerald flame and the
creature screeched before vanishing into the falling feathers.

“Réalt,” it called out, “titim!”

I lifted my rifle and waited for her oak leaf hair to peer from the
white. I searched and searched and just as I found her in the storm, a
meteorite met ground between us.

It was the crack that I heard before anything. The same divine fracture
that sounds off in response to lightning touching to earth. After that,
it was the heat. It brought back memories of baking with my grandmother.
Opening that oven door to feel a wave of piercing heat. Lastly, a
feeling I had no reference for. The force of the blast was so great, so
oppressive that nothing in my 27 years on this planet could compare. I
was on my back before I felt the pain. And gagging on sulphur before I
could gasp for breath. 

A bare foot collided with my sternum, I coughed in response, squinting
through the singed feathers to make out her out line, only alight by her
faintly glowing eyes. Her hand lifted, pointing to the sky as those
beautiful eyes narrowed to slits, “Réalt!”

There was nothing I could do. The gun was nowhere near me and even if it
was, my body was in no position to grab it. Those middle school martial
arts lessons in their prime would have done nothing to this thing. This…
oddly beautiful thing. I could only stare. Stare forward into her eyes.
Her eyes…

The narrowed pupils pulsed, then they widened to vast pools of dark
water. There was something in them. I felt a warmth in my chest. Her
raised hand lowered and she removed her foot.

For a moment she was still, if not for the wind animating her mane I’d
have thought I had died and was witnessing my last image eternally. When
she did finally move, it wasn’t away. She knelt atop me and pressed her
forehead to mine. Her eyes were all I could see. Her pupils almost took
the entirety of the surface with only the smallest ring of yellow light
shining beneath. Like twin eclipses inches from my face. And like the
sun, I basked in that warmth, “Lonnaigh.”

She left. I made no effort to watch her go. Even if I wanted to, there
was no way my broken body would have been capable. So, as the beautiful
monster scurried deep into the forest I did what I could. I stared into
the stars above me which seemed to shine with a brilliance I had never
witnessed before. The whole of the universe opened before me as my
breath became steady and I watched. Soon my breath faded into the
background. Then the whole world followed with it.

As I sat under that endless sky it felt as if the whole of earth had
vanished beneath me and I was soaring across the stars. My bare
consciousness free of want and longing. Free of duty. Free of luck. Free
to wander the stars and bathe in their aging blue glow. I felt as if I
spent eons in that dance.

Until my darling husband’s face blocked my view and I came crashing back
into my broken body.

I never told anyone what really happened that day. They only knew of a
freak accident when a meteorite destroyed our barn and ravaged our
chicken coop. The story made a few headlines in the local papers, but it
wasn’t for long. The next missing person’s case ushered my face off the
front page faster than you’d expect but slower than I’d have liked. Even
still, I got to hear it when I was in the emergency room. I was just so…

You get it.

That was about a month ago and I still don’t know what to make of it
all. The creature, the voice in the hole, the multiplying bodies. It
feels so frightening at times. Like I’ve stumbled across something
dangerous.

That doesn’t stop me from leaving food at the edge of the forest,
though. Because despite everything I can’t get the image of her eyes out
of my mind. In them I saw a spark. A tiny sliver of flint that has set
my soul alight because in those eyes was wonder, brilliance, divinity. I
just feel like she seemed so…

Free.
