File 00778: The Birdhouse Tree has been separated into parts due to
processing efficiency.

It was never easy being the daughter of a cop. I’m sure the experience
differs from person to person but no one else had a father exactly like
mine. The stretches of days away from home. The smell of alcohol that
floated through the house like a weekly witching hour ghost. The
vacation’s that mainly involved screaming arguments with my stormy
mother, the occasional barbecue to save face, and – of course– spending
his allotment of obligated time with me. Being a Birder was the only
thing my father and I had in common. We’d make it out to the back of our
house every second Saturday to comb the woods for new species that we
hadn’t logged in our journals. It would take us the whole day to get our
fill. Mostly in silence, leisurely strolling through the brush and off
the trails until we would reach the quarry. Once a new bird was spotted,
I was tasked to take a photo of it. It was still the late seventies so
you’ll have to imagine one of the older cameras; a Canon Canonet 28 I
had gotten for my twelfth birthday. After that my father asked me to go
birding with him more often. I suppose that’s where it all started.
Where it all ended too. 

By the time I reached seventeen, raging with hormones and rebellion, my
father, and I had mapped most of the forest behind our humble bungalow.
Looking back it surprises me that my anger and animosity toward him
didn’t cause our strolls to be more infrequent, but my father was too
quiet to properly lash out at. It just never felt right. My mother, on
the other hand, was loud. Screaming at me when she caught me kissing
Suzy Steldman at the PTA cookout. Shouting when I had taken some safety
scissors to hack away at my long brown hair for the first time. That
day’s lecture was about hair too. I had gone to my best friend’s house
to have it shortened up again, and by the time her steady hands had done
their work, the hair on my head was cropped close to my scalp. It was
shorter than the last time, something that did not escape my mothers
notice as she hissed at me through tears.

“I can’t believe you would do this just to embarrass me again! Do you
know what the people in town say about you? About me and your father?”
she questioned with her southern drawl.

My mother was a very emotional woman, maybe that came from my fathers
occupation leaving her alone most of the time. Alone with me. To pick
apart what clothes I wore, who I dated, where I went. Except for when I
went out with my father. He never commented on my hair, even on that day
I had stomped out of the house and to the shed.

It was overcast when we got around to picking my camera up out of our
makeshift darkroom, and set out into the woods. My cheeks were still
warm with anger even as the chill of the breeze rattled across my face.
My heavy bomber jacket shielded the rest of my torso but I could feel
the biting chill through my jeans. I loved the cold weather though, ever
reminiscent of the hikes that we would take when I was younger. Now the
smokies were too far to fit into any of our schedules. At the time I
found myself missing those stone behemoths, and growing bored of the
woods that were dwarfed in comparison. I almost asked my father how many
different birds we would find up there as small talk, but when I saw his
stone cold demeanor that day I decided against it. Somehow he looked
tireder than he usually did. Normally even just a small amount of time
away from work loosened him up enough, but I supposed the overtime had
strung him tight. Hell, it almost looked like he had been crying. 

“You alright Dad?” I remember asking. He inhaled briskly, trying to play
off any indication of instability by wiping at his nose. 

“Yeah,” he bit out, “Just not used to the cold this season.” 

It was a lie, of course, but at the time I shrugged it off, finding that
the barometric pressure could be to blame. We continued on, my father
taking up the lead. Instead of starting toward the east of the quarry,
we headed more west which would eventually lead us to the area around
one of the cliff sides. Once I noticed this I blinked in surprise, as my
father tended to steer clear of the quarry area. Be it superstition or
infrastructural failings, I was always told the area was dangerous. Me
being the little asshole that I was, I started hanging around the quarry
after dark with friends and the occasional girl on my arm. So it was
safe to say I knew the area well and knew the danger was blown well out
of proportion. 

My fathers paces began to slow as we reached the forested area
surrounding the edge of the quarry and I could see the intensity of his
searching gaze grow. That day the birds were surprisingly sparse. My
father only lifted his binoculars to a common mourning dove, to which I
promptly took a photo. It was almost like a game we’d play of who could
spot the bird first. That day my father was winning, his keen eye even
sharper. I finally caught one before him as I twisted my body in another
direction. An eastern bluebird. It was no bald eagle, but its cyan
feathers photographed so well that I beamed with pride. I excitedly
signaled my father to look at the bird before it flew away and he
nodded, scribbling the entry down in his notebook. 

As another thirty minutes passed, the sky darkening above us, I could
feel the atmosphere change. It was as if the trees around us were
impatient and somehow the chill in the air seemed to seep deeper into my
bones. The crunch of dead leaves echoed against the bark of the trees
with more timbre and it was almost like the woods themselves could tell
something was coming. It almost seemed like my father was looking for
something else. I remember, seeing that look on my fathers face was the
first time he ever truly scared me. But I knew that no matter what, he
wouldn’t tell me what was wrong. Whatever it was it was about work and
he never talked about work. As if on cue, I heard his pager beep sharply
through the cold breeze. With a quick, instinctual hand, he pulled the
small device out of his pocket. I gave him an annoyed look. Bringing his
pager on our birding excursions was against the rules but he didn’t seem
to care about that. His eyes flickered frantically over the small
lettering, a deep anxiety setting lines into his cheeks. 

“I have to go back into work, Nettie,” my father grumbled, already
starting his walk back to the house. 

“What?” I stammered, “But there’s still a couple hours of good light
left, and you never work overtime on Saturdays.”

“Sorry kid. That’s just how it is. You can still stay out until sunset
as long as you don’t get into any trouble.”

I scoffed.

“Mom’s not going to like that.”

My father sighed with exasperation.

“I’ll talk to her. Just don’t stay out after dark and if you get lost,
head north with your compass and you’ll hit the highway.” 

I knew I wouldn’t get lost. I had been in that forest more times than
either of my parents knew. Even in the dark, the lantern on the back
porch shined a light that you could see from at least a few miles away,
provided the treeline wasn’t too thick. 

“Alright,” I relented. He turned back to me and smiled. 

“Take some good pictures for me, kid.” 

And with that he started his hike back to the house. I watched him go
with a lingering frustration and dismay. I really didn’t want to go back
to the house with my mother still heated and somehow I know my father
had surmised that. But this part of the woods without my father felt
wrong. Like it was waiting. Shaking off that itching feeling, I
resolutely decided that I wouldn’t let my fathers absence dampen any
exploring that was to be had. 

As I began to search the treeline through my camera lens I saw something
move quickly from branch to branch in the corner of my vision. I moved
the camera lens swiftly toward it so as to get a better view, adjusting
the lens to zoom in closer. It was a bird, about forty feet back into
the trees and perched on a high branch. I recognized it to be northern
cardinal with its bright red feathers familiar in males of the species.
However, when the bird turned its head, it revealed something sharply
unfamiliar. In its beak, hanging limp and dead, was a severed human
finger. The blood once dripping from it was dried and the cuticle was
caked with dirt. Even more haunting was the chipped purple nail polish
shining off the grimy cartilage. 

I froze for a moment, not knowing what to think. My mind told me to
scream but for whatever reason my finger shakily applied pressure to the
shutter button with a resounding click. As the camera whirred the bird
took off in flight. I should have let it slide off my back like a duck
in the water, been nonchalant like I always was, but for whatever reason
I started into a sprint after the bird. It wasn’t hard to track the
small thing through the treeline as it made fast trails of crimson, but
the terrain was a different story, causing me to tuck my camera into my
bag before it got damaged.The bird was moving fast, with no sign of
perching. It was as if it was a missile plotted toward a target, dipping
under branches and weaving around trunks. 

I tried to keep my footing but my mind became overwhelmed with the
multitasking and I must have tripped over a rock or log. Whatever it
was, I hit the forest floor hard, leaves, and branches leaving angry red
imprints on my face and hands. I winced, my head spinning and my eyes
scrunched closed, as I righted myself up to my knees. Luckily I wasn’t
bleeding but brushing off my hands gave way to splinters. Though
splinters could not compare to the sight in front of me. I was at a
clearing I didn’t recognize, the grass uncannily green and pristine. At
the center of this clearing was a large, spindly tree. Its branches were
gnarled and knotted, with no leaves and a smooth beige bark that seemed
paper thin. It almost looked like skin. Over the fleshy limbs draped a
tattered, almost unrecognizable, American flag. Faded under the sun and
caked with dirt. Small lights floated from each branch but as my eyes
adjusted I realized they weren’t just lights. Each light was the hole at
the center of a birdhouse. Small, simple things, with triangle roofs and
light balsa wood, hung by rough dark rope. The cardinal perched on one
of the lower branches, fat, red, and proud like a honey crisp apple. It
still held the finger in its mouth before dropping the appendage into an
unlit birdhouse window. As if spark to a fire, the birdhouse that the
finger fell into now glowed like the rest of them. 

I counted seventy-eight. Seventy-eight birdhouses, most of them unlit.
Hung to almost every branch, even the ones that seemed the flimsiest.
The red cardinal sat atop the one birdhouse, swelling in a moment of
gratification, before flying away swiftly into the thick treeline.
Confusion and apprehension washed over me like a static charge. Standing
still felt like an act of cowardice but moving forward felt like wading
through mud. But in the end I was my fathers daughter. So I grabbed hold
of one of the lower branches of the tree, a firm, and steady arbor, and
began to climb. The action proved easy, as I had climbed many trees
before to take panoramic shots. I set my sights on the birdhouse that
housed the finger, noticing it was higher than the other, dimly lit
structures. 

The bark was disgustingly soft under my palms and I shuddered as my
boots made purchase on the branches. Swallowing my strange visceral
feelings, I made it to the birdhouse I sought with ease. Leaning atop
one of the sturdier limbs, I stared into the glowing hole in the center
of the birdhouse. I don’t know what I expected but it wasn’t for the
birdhouse to house a whole hand. The slender fingers of a woman were
severed from a hand and placed alongside it at the floor of the house.
My brow creased in confusion as I doubled back to check the size of the
birdhouse. In its entirety the birdhouse was little bigger than my head.
The hand was not crammed in the hole by any means, if anything, it
seemed small compared to the interior of the birdhouse. Organized at the
bottom as if in preparation for a dissection, yet not as sterile. The
dirt and blood mixed into a thick grime that coated the dead skin. The
walls glowed like an incubator, nursing an egg to hatch. I lifted my
camera out of my bag carefully, somehow keeping my balance, and clicked
the capture button. My father wouldn’t believe half the shit I told him
about that day unless I had proof. But hands were hardly an identifying
feature. 

Assuming the other lit birdhouses housed more parts, I decided to climb
higher, setting my sights on the vessel strung to the highest branch.
While climbing I peaked into the other lit birdhouses, passing two feet
and a forearm. Each were methodically dissected despite their dirty
appearance. I even noticed the exposed bone at each joint wasn’t roughly
carved, but instead cleanly cut. I stifled a gag at the viscera and
considered what that meant about the perpetrator. A practiced,
methodical killer, one that knew how to make the cuts as precise as
possible. Unfortunately, none of the limbs had any noticeable tattoos.
Which was to be expected considering I lived in the type of town where
getting a tattoo was akin to listening to the devils fiddle music.
Suffice it to say, I wanted a tattoo as soon as I turned eighteen. 

I reached the top branch with ease, precariously settling myself among
the high arbors. From that height I could see the sunset over the
distant hills and the trees span out for miles before me. But not even
that couldn’t stifle the growing panic in my chest. I couldn’t lose my
shit yet, I told myself, I had to figure out what the hell was going on
with this tree. So I slowly adjusted my gaze to examine the topmost
birdhouse. After seeing the hand, I shouldn’t have been surprised by
what was in store, but what I saw almost made me scream in terror. It
was a head. Her head. She looked only a bit older than I was and her
face was smeared with dirt and messed up makeup. Eyes wide open but not
with death glazing them over, and instead with pure intent. As if she
was waiting for me. Along her scalp was a red line where once her lower
head and skullcap were once connected, except her skullcap wasn’t there
anymore. It was stolen away, along with her brain. Which made what
happened next all the more chilling.

“Hello,” the head rasped, sounding as if she had been crying for a very
long time. This time, I did scream. It echoed through the woods and
above the treeline. I lost my balance for a moment, my leg slipping and
twisting my ankle into the free air. I quickly clutched the branch above
me for dear life and hoisted myself onto a thick branch. I winced as I
settled my ankle on the branch, careful not to put too much weight on
it. 

“What the hell,” I gasped, not necessarily to her, but her eyes followed
me with a need to respond. 

“Are you okay?” 

“Fuck, no I’m not okay. How can you talk without a brain?” 

The head made a face one typically makes when they shrug. 

“My neck isn’t connected to any vocal cords so I guess not much about
this situation makes sense.” 

Her voice was trying to sound optimistic but it was easy to sense how
scared she was. The eyes still in her skull began to well with tears,
smearing what little mascara she had left. She started to
hyperventilate, trying to play off the growing panic as lighthearted
chuckles despite the tears running streaks down the dirt on her face. I
could see the paths where their saltiness had been before. 

“Right, no, that was a stupid question,” I started, trying to hide the
quiver in my voice, “Lets start out small, what’s your name?”

The head sniffled, a drop of snot retreating into her nose.

“Talula,” she said in between gasps, “Talula Merkins.” I recognized that
name from somewhere but at the time I had no idea where from. 

“My name’s Nettie,” I almost instinctively reached out for a firm
handshake then remembered my situation, “How did you end up like this?”

She paused, collecting herself and stifling her remaining tears. The
cavity in her head bobbing as she shuffled inside of the birdhouse made
me have to stifle a look of disgust, my nausea growing deep in my
throat. Despite the blood being dried the inside glistened and her veins
spread where her brain used to be, like exposed roots. 

“I can’t remember. I mean, I can’t remember all of it. I remember the
man shoving me into his car. After I tried to scream he knocked me out
with something hard. When I came to I was in the woods. He was dragging
me so I tried to kick him and I dug my hands into the dirt. But he was
strong, so strong,  so I tried to scream again but I realized I was
gagged. I tried to reach for the pocketknife in my shorts but it was
gone. After I kicked a couple more times he stopped and wrapped some
duct tape around my legs before dropping them to the ground. Everything
was moving so fast and yet so slow at the same time that I hardly
registered when he stabbed me. It was a white hot pain in my breast. I
looked up to see his face but it finally occurred to me that he was
wearing some type of ski mask. Then everything felt hot, boiling, then
he stabbed me again and it all went cold. I could feel warm liquid drip
from my lips and flow from my chest. The last thing I saw was the sky.
It was so beautiful, there were so many stars. The next thing I knew I
woke up here.” 

Talula was sobbing by the time she finished. Her cheeks were red and
puffy and her face contorted in a pain deeper than I had ever seen or
known. I swallowed the large lump in my throat. Not yet. 

“I– I’m so sorry Talula.”

She inhaled shakily, closing her eyes as if she were trying to shut out
the memory. As if she were trying to shut out the world. When she
finally opened them it almost seemed as if she thought she would wake up
somewhere else. As if this were a dream she could wake up from.

“I can’t believe I’m alive right now. What am I inside exactly?”

“A birdhouse.”

Talula paused, a confused and shocked look creeping onto her anguished
face.

“This is fucking insane,” Talula breathed out. 

“I know,” I replied, not knowing what else to say. 

“How did you find me?” 

“A cardinal had your finger in its beak and I followed it to this tree.”

The doubly fantastical nature of my answers reeled her aback, but it
seemed like she had more important questions.

“Does anyone else know where I am? Is my Momma alright? Are their people
looking for me?” 

“Slow down, I don’t know but I don’t think anyone else knows about this
tree. At least not yet. My dad is a police officer so he’ll know what to
do. I’ll tell him everything when he gets home.” 

“Praise Jesus,” she exclaimed, a smile creeping to the edges of her
lips, then falling, “What’ll they think when they find me?”

“I don’t rightly know,” I said, realizing the logic of her question. If
the police were to find her she would become a marvel. A sideshow
attraction. Likely even worse. 

“I just want the person who did this to me to pay,” Talula gritted out,
“And I can still feel parts of me out there, somewhere. My insides,
whoever he is he has them. They call to me.”

I thought for a long moment in silence. If I told my father and showed
him the pictures he would call in the department and take her away
before she could find her missing parts. Before she could get her
vengeance and see it exacted. Somehow I could tell if she didn’t stay
like this she wouldn’t be alive to even see an inkling of it. 

“What do you want me to do?”

Talula creased her brow in thought, glancing left and right to each
idea. 

“I just want to find who did this and what’s being done about it. Even
then, I wanna find that man and make him hurt. Prison ain’t enough. I
want him to know what it is to feel the pain of knowing he’s not whole.
I want him to writhe every second of every moment of every day of the
rest of his life. I want him to know what it’s like to wish he could see
his Momma. Feel the comfort of her hugs again. Feel the warmth of her
pride again. I want him to know what it’s like to know he can never go
home again. Death isn’t enough for him. I want him to live in agony.”

Talula’s face was now twisted with grief and anger. Tears pricked at the
edges of her eyes and I was surprised she even still had any left to
cry. With the fire in her eyes and the determination in her voice I
could hardly feel any hesitation. She could never go home the same as
she was before. She could never live the life the way she had hoped. He
took that from her forever and took everything inside of her too. All
except for her soul.

“I’ll try my best to help you. I promise.”

Talula’s demeanor perked up and she smiled softly. I could tell she
wasn’t fully relieved but I appreciated her strength to remain at least
slightly optimistic. 

“Thank you Nettie.”

I suddenly realized how dark it had become and silently contested with
my sprained ankle. I silently thanked god that the sun hadn’t fully made
it’s way below the horizon. Any prying questions that met me when I
arrived back home would not be welcome.

“I have to go now, but I should be back sometime soon.”

Talula’s face fell but she still tried to keep her lips upturned
somewhat.

“Okay,” she stammered. I nodded and then began to lower myself down the
tree, gingerly retracing my tenuous steps down the tree. 

I reached the soft green grass after far too long and began to limp my
way home. I only turned back once. Once, to see the tree glow in the
night. It looked like a cluster of stars. A grim constellation isolating
me in the sea of the world. Leading me to a home that wasn’t mine. A
vessel that wasn’t human. Not anymore. But I turned away for now,
witnessing the tattered flag flow in the night wind out of the corner of
my eyes.  In the dark of the trees I could see the light on the back
porch flicker. It was only then, in the cold, dark evening, among the
arbors, that I began to cry. I retched, but all that came up was bile,
and I didn’t stop shaking until I left the tree line.
