​

Part 3

​

​

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/zxpsz6/the_sisters_of_perdition_part_3/

part 5

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/10582du/the_sisters_of_perdition_part_5/

​

​

​

I work at a construction company and we are renovating this old
monastery into a library. The last of the monks decided to sell the
building for money and the state of Tennessee bought it to make it a
heritage site. There is still going to be a library and in addition to
adding a bunch of books they are keeping all the ones that were
originally here. While renovating the building I found the journal of
someone named Ewan. After reading it I found this part particularly
fascinating and wanted to share it.

We lived in a house on a farm in rural Tennessee. Me and my strange
family, my father Jean Robert, my mother Christie and my little sister
Josephine. I was 12. It was 1852.

I knew today was going to be special when I woke up. There was a Huge
KKK BBQ and there was going to be all sorts of food for everyone. In our
house we have to label the food so it’s always nice when there is a big
communal feast.

My father and his buddies were all standing in the kitchen smirking when
I got down there that morning. They had white cloaks on and were talking
about grown up stuff.

My father handed me a hog shank drizzled in cheese and said “Eat up boy,
you need to get big and strong!”

My father had never been a fan of my mothers strange rules and was
always giving me and Josephine extra behind her back.

My mother and sister walked into the room. Christie pretended to faint
at the sight of the hog head holding an apple in his mouth and Jean
Robert caught her, like he always does when she does that.

“The hog flesh is my favorite” Josephine chimed in.

After a huge breakfast Jean Robert and his buddies were off to get the
next few feasts underway and I did all my morning chores in a hurry.

After I had swept the henhouse and fed the horses I headed to the town
square where the KKK had hogs, cows, goats and sheep all roasting
rotisserie style.

The weather didn’t seem great though, it almost seemed like it might
storm.

“I hope that spiteful fuck upstairs doesn’t rain on our parade”
Josephine barked.

My grandmother Die came up to me looking at me with a discerning,
squinty face.

“Do you talk in the mirror everyday like I tell you lad?” She said, like
a coiled up snake.

“I usually forget,” I responded before directing my attention elsewhere.

I saw my mother sipping wine, and my father butchering a cow.

I walked up to them and asked “Why does granny always tell me to talk in
the mirror?”

Christie spoke up first “You can make friends with those inside you in
the mirror!”

Jean Robert then chimed in “The mirror isn’t a good place to make
friends, Ewan”.

Christie looked at him disapprovingly but said nothing.

I heard Jeff talking loudly to some clansmen “You know I won’t wear a
belt until I’ve disciplined one of my children with it!” He laughed
gulping beer.

I then heard the old hag Deb screaming at the top of her lungs. “The
time has come! Begin the ritual!”

A bunch of klansmen gathered around her and her three sons, who stood
there shirtless as it started to rain.

6 klansmen came out of the crowd with saws and they started cutting off
their limbs.

“Scott’s strong neck and back, Kyle burly arms, and Sean’s stocky legs!
The perfect son we will create!” she screamed.

They then started assembling their monster and sewing the pieces on.

I was appalled. I looked around and people were drinking and cheering. I
knew there would be a feast but this was too much for me and I began to
puke.

I didn’t stand out as lots of people were puking from drinking too much.

After they were done sewing the pieces together they put him on a metal
plate with a long rod stretching too the sky.

People started chanting “Samael, bring our matriarch back so that we may
know your way!”

The rain intensified and people kept chanting that, over and over until
a bolt of lightning hit the rod and went through the body.

“It’s alive!” Deb screamed.

“I am alive” the body said in the deepest voice I had ever heard. “It is
me, Dora. The dark lord has brought me back.”

“Samael! What has he told you, my precious? What must we do?” Deb cooed.

“No, we now have a new, more powerful dark lord than Samael. The red
dragon Saren is the one who guides us now. He was closer to Yahweh when
he fell from grace; and unlike Samael he has a plan to reach godhood
still.” She prophesied in an unearthly deep tone.

Deb fell to her knees before Dora. “What must we do? What must we call
you?”

“I am Dora, first Grand Wizard of the KKK. And from this point forward
grand dragon will be the highest rank below me.” She ordered. “And what
we must do. AS you have given me a body we must give our lord Saren a
body. That is the first step he must take to overthrow Yahweh.” She
lamented.

“How can we construct a body befitting our new lord?” She cried.

“It is not yet clear to me what we must find. But we must find the most
terrifying creature to still walk this earth, and make him a body of
them.” She declared.

“We will start with the bears!” Deb screeched.

I then heard a voice loudly in my head.

“I am Yahweh.” it declared.

I then saw a golden dragon floating in place moving around rapidly. No
one else seemed to be able to see it.

“Your whole family, along with this whole town is about to try and kill
you Ewan. I’m your only friend. There are two ways this can go. You can
either listen to me perfectly or be captured. And you’re not going to
like what they do to you if they catch you.”

Before I could even respond I was brought back to reality where Dora was
talking.

“Deb, one of your sons in a future life will be the reincarnation of
Julius Caesar. He is a being called a changeling, and in order to reach
the power of level of Yahweh Saren must eat both him and the
reincarnation of Cleopatra. Only then will he be able to overthrow
Yahweh. We need to find the Changeling, our god must have food!” She
screamed. “We need to do a practice run! A dress rehearsal! We must be
ready when that awful man comes back! You!” She screamed pointing right
at me. “I don’t like you!”

“Run straight towards her and grab those three journals” Yahweh ordered.

I was terrified but responded without question charging towards Dora.
She started barking orders but I wasn’t paying attention anymore. I ran
up and grabbed the journals.

“Turn left and run as fast as you can” I heard Yahweh say.

I responded like a trained dog turning and running without a moment’s
hesitation.

I ducked under two hooded klansmen who tried to grab me and got out of
the crowd. I ran towards an open field as I heard disgruntled confusion
behind me.

“Don’t let the decoy escape! It’s an ill omen!” Dora cried.

I looked back and saw 2 dozen klansmen staggering towards me. One fell
off of his horse, drunk as could be.

“Turn left and keep running” I heard Yahweh beckon.

I didn’t think twice and was off. I could see the klan coming after me
but they were so drunk they couldn’t even stay on their horses.

“The ass” I heard Yahweh say.

I looked and saw Alziza, Deb’s old ass tied to a tree, looking straight
at me.

“Eeeeaaaaa!” he called.

I quickly untied him and then mounted the ass, running off into the
afternoon sun.

“Head straight west, all the way to the Mississippi,” I heard Yahweh
say.

I continued west for hours and into the night. Near sunrise the next day
I got to the river and saw a quaint little church next to the river.

An old reverend was there feeding the horses in the pre-dawn light.

“Talk to him. Tell him you need a place to stay and he’ll point you in
the right direction.” I heard Yahweh say. “You’ve done very well up to
this point, and I’m impressed. A whole new life awaits you.” He said and
the dragon disappeared.

I walked up to the preacher and said “The KKK tried to kill me. Do you
know of any orphanages I can stay at?”

The preacher jumped, obviously surprised and looked at me for a good
long minute before responding.

“Lad I know the perfect place for you. A steam boat will pass by here at
dawn going up the river. There is a monastery there and they would be
happy to take in a good, god fearing individual like yourself. I was
heading there this morning but the good lord said that there would be a
child who needed to go to the monastery more than I! Here take my ticket
lest I burn in the lake of fire!” he said handing me a the ticket.

I ate breakfast with the man and he told me stories about these supposed
warrior monks. I guess their leader was really old.

At dawn I went to the boat landing and got on the ship. I enjoyed the
scenery as we drove up the river. There were some nice ladies too. Some
of them were really pretty.

In the evening when I got to my stop and got off the boat I could see
the monastery in the distance.

I walked up towards it and saw monks all about, practicing martial arts,
firing rifle’s and tending to livestock.

As I approached I saw a monk sitting with a bible and a pen, writing
things and crossing things out.

“I need a place to stay.” I stated with intention.

He turned and looked at me. He looked at me for a long time before
responding. “We don’t take orphans, kid. You’re a man here, I don’t care
how old you are, you will be expected to do a man’s work to earn your
keep.” He said thoughtfully.

“That’s fine, I’m big and strong for my age and I am a hard worker.”I
responded tiredly.

He led me inside the monastery and then to a room with 4 bunks. This
spare bunk is yours. Since it’s your first night here you have to sweep
the room. We do chores in shifts. Tomorrow you will check the schedule
at the front of the monastery for your daily allotment of chores. Meals
are prepared 3 times a day, once at dawn, once at noon and once at
sunset. You don’t show up, you are not fed. You waste any food and you
will have a meal cut. You put something on your plate and you eat it.”
He turned and looked at me angrily. “They say you spend a day in
purgatory for every grain of rice you waste. Want to guess how long you
spend wasting a piece of bread?”

I stood there stunned, not knowing what to say.

He laughed. “Enjoy your first day basically chore free. There won’t be
many more non Sundays like it. Also there is a church service every day
but the one on Sunday is special. You don’t have to go every day but you
will be beaten if you don’t show up on Sunday” He said oozing venom.

He left after that and I swept the room. I decided to record the events
that transpired here in a journal with these other 3. After reading them
it makes me so sad to see what Deb did to her children.
