Have you heard about the Stiltmother?

She wonders the lonely forests at night, looking for her children,
looking to avenge her wrongful death,

When she came here from Japan a curse followed,

People’s crops died, families grew sick, and mobs soon burned for
answers,

They abducted her, broke her bones, nailed her limbs to poles, slit her
children’s throats,

Her gargled flesh cried in anguish, eyes twisting, exhaling final
breath,

To you all be my fury, no peace, your bodies set to rot, suffer, crush,
and bloat,

Through blood soaked teeth her curse spun in the air and wallowed,

The mob paid no mind, fates were sealed, her wrath bore upon,

A mark stained the earth where her corpse stood, now gone,

To those now who stumble here, bring offering,

For if you hear her wondering, shunk, shunk, shunk,

She’ll pass you bye if you close your eye,

and ignore her gargled cry.

-————————————-

“Sh-She’s just a myth though right?”

A shaken young boy sits hunched over on a log while the golden orange
illuminations of a campfire dance across his terrified frame. The boy’s
name is William, and he is my friend.

“Well it’s hard to say, there are a lot of half truths when it comes to
legends such as these. Like, there was a group of Japanese immigrants
that settled here sometime in the 1800s. Its also true that they faced a
lot of discrimination. Lots of rumors created from fear and racism
during that time.”

Sitting across from him was my older sister. A tall brunette, Amber was
the adventurous, daring, and often reckless leader of me and my group of
friends. She always had some new thing she wanted to do and growing up
in a small town with not a lot to see it wasn’t hard to fall under her
persuasions.

“I-I heard that the Stiltmother, when she finds a bad kid, that she, she
snatches them and pushes their heads under cut slits on her body. They
then suffocate and their bodies, they like dangle until they r-rot and
become spirits themselves.”

My other friend George was with us. He was the smallest of us three boys
and the biggest chicken but he had a crush on my sister so he was always
down to going with her on these journeys.

We all sat around a large campfire in a park called, Kirishito Hills. A
very dense and mountainous part of the state, its emeralds pine trees
were home to many species of flora and fauna. And it was home to a
multitude of legends and rumors such as the infamous Stiltmother. Now
though, it was host to our little camping trip. Amber had to do a lot a
convincing for our parents to approve this jaunt. Good grades, promises
to do plenty of chores and, to her disappointment, having to allow one
of the parents to chaperone the whole ordeal.

“What are you filling their heads with now Amber?” The lone adult,
Brian, said while tossing a fresh log onto the fire. The flames crackled
and sparked with the new material tossed upon it. It charred and veins
of fiery reds, yellows, and oranges coursed through the wood.

Brian was William’s dad, He worked at the local paper mill with me and
my sister’s dad. He sat criss-cross, settled in and began to pass around
a bag of fresh marshmallows to all of us. We were overjoyed and began to
take our minds off the scary poem my sister told. Pressing the soft
white gelatin creations onto our sticks and hovering them over the
burning embers to gleefully watch them cook has always been a nostalgic
activity for me. My parents loved to take us camping but as we got older
and when my mother had her “accident” the amount of fun family outings
sunk dramatically. I think that’s why my sister wanted to do something
like this. To get us out and bring us back to a simpler time.

It couldn’t have been a better evening to do it either. Nice cool breeze
but nothing too chilly. Clear night sky with maybe a small cloud here
and there. The stars filled the heavens above us and the tree’s canopies
danced and waved in the wind. A soft whispering of branches, it sounded
a bit like sand blowing on the beach. I could stay forever.

“How bout we tell some nicer stories?” Brian brought up.

“Oh come on Brian, its tradition to tell spooky stories during a camping
trip.” Amber replied. “Besides they’re not little kids anymore they’re…
what like-”

“We’re 13 Amber, except George, he turns 13 in a couple weeks.” I said.

“Right, right, well definitely old enough for some simple spooky tales.”
She emphasized while waving her hands. “And in the spot we’re at right
now, they had to hear the tale of the Stiltmother.”

“What do you mean by that Amber?” William asked.

She became hesitant. Her normal confident self shirked back at her slip
of the tongue. Fiddling with her fingers she spoke back up.

“Well, its just, I don’t know, maybe the park I chose for us to camp in,
maybe, might be the remains of the former village that she used to lived
in back in the day.”

We all froze at what she just admitted. Brian, who was in the middle of
stoking the fire with a long stick he had found stood up “All right,
pack your things. We’re cutting this trip short.”

“No wait, wait. Everything is going to be okay, its just stories. Also
this might be the place where the town was, its not for certain or
anything. For all I know it could be somewhere else. Please Brian,
please, I haven’t gone on a trip like this in so long.” Amber begged.

Ignoring my sister’s pleading Brian stopped. He was in the middle of
packing one of his hiking bags when his head whipped toward an empty
patch of forest. He just stood and stared at the dense green pines. The
moon illuminating through the branches; creating small blades of dim
white light. It was quiet. Not a sound was being made nor animal moving
about. We were all confused. He then looked toward another part of the
forest. Staring into the dark and listening intently.

“What time is it currently?” He asked.

We all withdrew our phones simultaneously,

“9:30.” I said.

“9:31” William said.

“Whats going on here Brian?” Amber asked. “You’re making me nervous.”

All of us were.

“Shit, all of you need to get into your tents right now.” He ordered.

“What do you mean? What are you doing? Your scaring all of us dad.”
William panicked.

Brian took a breath and steadied himself. “She’s real.”

“Who? Wait, you mean the Stiltmother? Amber began to relax “No, that’s
just some old ghost story I found online.” She continued.

“Her name is Natsuki, and assure you, she is very real, and very
dangerous. Damnit, how did I not recognize the roads we were going down?
Did she alter the forest?” Brain asked himself.

Amber wasn’t buying it. “What is this for? Are you upset that I lied
about where I wanted to have us camp? Or for scaring your son with some
spooky campfire stories?”

“Did you find the steps? I saw you and your bother wondering around the
woods earlier in the day. So where are they this time?” Brian asked.

Amber seemed shocked “W-what, how do you know about th-”

“We don’t have much time damnit, where are the steps?” Brian demanded.

“They’re over there at the base of that hill.” She pointed off toward a
small hiking trail that, within eyesight, ended at the base of a lush
and heavily forested bluff.

“Good, now get in your tents, all of you.” He ordered.

Brian ran and grabbed a stick off the ground, shook the dirt off it, and
begun to draw circles around our tents. We all hurried inside as he
desired and when I started to zip up our door I could see him furiously
tearing bits of newspaper he had brought and quickly begin to scribble
on them. He then went around putting the torn scraps on our tents.

“Whatever you hear, whatever you see, do not unzip your tents. Just stay
quiet and remain still. She’ll pass by soon. And hopefully all of us get
through unfazed.” Brian said.

Me and my sister shared a tent. The bright yellow nylon etched us in its
protective dome. It was her favorite color. Reminded her of the summer
sun, which in our area of the country only came around for three or four
months of the year. She’s always been outgoing, always adventurous,
always brave; but in here, right now, she was afraid. She was shaking
while covering herself in her sleeping bag. When I went to comfort her I
saw a defiant look across her face. A relief, she was still in there,
even if only a little. William and George shared a tent with Brian. I
was worried about them. Was Brian serious? Was the Stiltmother actually
real? I could see that I wasn’t the only skeptic. After my sister
settled in I could see that more rebellious side of hers begin to show.
Mumbling how this was bullshit under her breath or how Brian was
probably just trying to get her back after scaring his son. “Its just
some stupid story.” She kept repeating.

Shunk… Shunk… Shunk…

The hairs stood on the back of my neck. “What was that?” My sister
whispered. She was equally as frightened as me. We pressed closer to
each other.

“Shhh.” I whispered back.

Shunk…. Shunk… Shunk…

It sounded like something was coming. Not an animal. No, it was more
metallic. Like someone stabbing a pole over and over into the ground. My
eyes widened. I listened intently for what was getting closer and closer
to our camp. My sister also sat, quietly alert. Her gaze shifting left
and following the movement that now was just feet away from us.

“Ken… ta… ro…

Sa… to… shi…”

A distorted, raspy, hallow call. It bore feint resemblance to a woman’s
voice. It hemorrhaged as it spoke, like it was choking on blood and
sinew. It patrolled around our tents. Wondering slowly. The fire scantly
illuminated a cursed shadow of a figure crab walking about eight feet
above ground. Their form held aloft by long poles or rods projecting
from their legs and arms. The sounds of bones twisting and cracking at
every move made for a horrifying image in our minds. Bending down, she
got so close. Her pained struggling breaths filled our ears as her face
stood just inches from our tent’s entrance. Her shadow painted through
the thin tent walls. She was looking at us upside down. Her long hair
drooping to the earth below. She called once more.

“Ken… ta… ro…

Sa… to… shi…”

When she found no response she ruptured into a fit of tears and began to
wonder off. Her wailing filling the night.

Shunk… Shunk… Shunk…

Slowly the sounds drew further and further away until they couldn’t be
heard at all. It was quiet. Not even the chirp of insects could be
heard, just the crackling of dying embers. We didn’t dare speak or
attempt to sleep. We merely waited for the sun’s slow return. Hours
passed and we were gracefully blessed with the warmth of a new days
light. Brian unzipped his tent. We soon followed suite. Amber raced to
meet him.

“What the hell was that?” She demanded. She wanted everything to dismiss
what we all went through but the distraught look on her face wanted all
the more to know what he was hiding. What he knew.

“I didn’t have the time to explain properly and even now I’m uncertain
if we have that luxury. Before we proceed I need all of you to line up.”
Brian said.

“Not before y-” Amber was cut off by the sniffling of poor George, who,
on the cusp of crying demanded we do what Brian instructed. “I-I just
w-want to go home.” He struggled to get out.

We all lined up and Brian began to inspect our necks. He paused at mine,
took a picture, and again did the same with Amber. He sighed and the
both of us swiftly turned around. “What, what is it?” We both asked.

“I don’t know, not exactly. I need to consult with a few people before I
can say for sure.” He said.

“Can we see at least.” Amber asked.

He spun his phone around to show the pictures of our necks. They were
marked in black lettering. Some kind of kanji Brian told us. We didn’t
even feel anything. How did those marks get there? What do they mean? My
sister and I just looked at each other in deep remorseful uncertainty.

“Can we leave now?” George begged.

“Unfortunately we can’t, not yet, we have one thing we each have to do
before we can leave.” Brian said. “Amber lead us to the steps please.”
He continued.

Amber nodded solemnly and led us down the trail she pointed to last
night. The natural beauty that surrounded us now bore a threatening
atmosphere. It had changed for us. We wanted nothing more than to leave
and never come back. When we arrived at the hill, Amber had to move some
bushes and broken branches to the side. There it was, like we discovered
earlier, the stone steps leading to her shrine.

“Okay good, now we just need to make some figures out of some of these
sti-”

“I brought some dolls already.” Amber said. “I read online what we need
to do. I have them in my backpack. We just need a food offering and,
well, I figured hot-dogs and marshmallows would suffice.” She continued.
“I wanted, I just…” She could finish, Her combative side had relented.

“Those should work.” Brian said, trying to encourage her. “Okay… okay,
if I remember correctly, we go one at a time. Keep your eyes shut as you
go. If you hear anything stop and hold up your doll. Once you reach the
top, bow and leave your doll and offering at the shrine and come back
down.”

And that’s exactly what we did. He gave each of us a talisman and, one
by one we each went up and came back down. I was last. My knees felt
shaky. I closed my eyes and carefully placed my feet up, one step at a
time. There was a mild breeze, I could make out trees rustling, a small
animal darting in the brush. Every time I thought I heard something
ominous I froze and held up my doll. More steps. Just a few more I
thought. I hoped.

Shunk… Shunk… Shunk…

Oh Lord, no. I heard it. I heard her. Movement so heavy. I felt like my
legs were about to give out at the very thought of encountering her
again. I stood completely still. Keeping my eyes closed. Holding out the
doll my arms began to tremble; my hands gripped the plush with all my
remaining courage. From the forest I heard her steps. I could tell when
she spotted me as her pace grew rapid.

Shunk Shunk Shunk Shunk Shunk Shunk Shunk Shunk Shunk

I wanted to run. Every fiber in my body burned; yelling at me to run
back, back down those steps.

In an instant her presence was before me. She spoke in a broken language
I couldn’t understand. She heaved words out painfully. Like she was
trying to reach me. Her breath was cold and foul. I felt sick inhaling
it. I could feel her move around me, inspect me, and then depart. I ran
up the rest of those steps and when I crested the top I took my bow and
raced over to the shrine. I feared opening my eyes but took quick
glimpses to find where the offering table was. Passing through a faded
red Torii gate I placed my doll and the food at the old shrine and ran
back down those mossy worn stairs. My sweat streamed off my cheeks and
forehead. I wanted nothing more of this place. Nothing more of these
woods.

When I reached the bottom I collapsed from a combination of exhaustion,
lack of sleep, and paranoia. Brian picked me up and placed me in his
truck. Everyone packed and loaded the vehicle as quick as they could. We
departed and never spoke of this again to each other.

I now wait.

Waiting for Brian to figure out what the markings mean and how we move
forward.

I hope he learns soon.

I can see her from my window.

She’s followed me home.
