Part 1

Part 2

​

“Oh no, no, NO!” I said anxiously.

I immediately realized that the odor was very similar to what we noticed
when we entered the bunker for the first time. Only much, much stronger.
My Geiger counter started clicking too.

“What’s going on? Asked Alex.

“That guy, Moroz, he told me about this. He told me to run.” I said.

Just as he finished, the door shook in an enormous slam, sending dust
flying in the air and slightly bending ouwards.

There was nowhere to run. We had a heavy steel door on one side, and
god-knows what on the other. I had no idea how we could survive.
Luckily, Alex had.

“Do you still have the rope?” he asked.

Without hesitation, we tied it around one of the pumps. It wasn’t easy
at first, working with the rope with my hands shaking violently. But
then another loud slam echoed through the room. One of the bolts that
held the door was launched across the room. I felt a wave of cold run
down my spine, and suddenly, I had just this one purpose. To tie the
knot. Everything else just shut down in my head.

I was done and we dropped it down the broken vent that Alex got dragged
into before. We stepped inside and started sliding down the rope. I then
heard another slam and then what I think was the door, hitting the
ground. It was through. I slid faster, but the rope was starting to burn
my hand. I lost the grip and fell down a few meters, landing on top of
another vent. It broke, and I fell through inside another corridor. Alex
then landed on top of me.

​

​

It took us a few moments to get back to our feet. I looked around and
saw an orange door titled “Decontamination”. We were on level 3.

There was no handle, only a button on the wall next to it. I pressed it
and the door opened after a few seconds. We entered a small room with a
control panel. Using it, I closed the door behind us. Several jets then
blasted us with air, a green light popped up and then, another door in
front of us opened, inviting us deeper into the facility.

I noticed that the control panel was stained with a smudge of fresh
blood. Was Moroz still alive and went through here? We couldn’t go back.
Our only option was to see how deep the rabbit hole goes.

It was supposed to be a cleanroom but the place was wrecked even more
than the upper levels. After some walking and searching, we found a room
that looked like a makeshift infirmary. A few dozens of beds separated
with plastic curtains, some medical equipment. Some beds still had
information clipboards attached.

​

​

Patient 2

QUARANTINE

Survey team C

Patient in coma

​

Observation only

Do not interfere

​

Deceased, 07:28 - unknown

​

​

Patient 6

QUARANTINE

Survey team C

Patient in coma

​

Observation only

Do not interfere

Deceased, 07:52 – unknown

​

​

Patient 19

QUARANTINE

On-site operative assistant, first contact with Survey team C

Massive blunt force trauma – chest (suspected internal damage)Cranial
concussionSuspected damage to cervical spineDislocated L
shoulderFracture – L humerusMultiple lacerations – chest

​

Deceased, 04:04 – internal hemorrhage

​

​

Patient 7

QUARANTINE

Survey team C

Patient is psychotic and unresponsive

Mild to moderate frostbite

Observation only

Do not interfere

​

TERMINATION ORDER

Signed: A. Moroz

​

​

There were some body bags on the other side of the room. Empty.

We searched the area and eventually ended up in the lower levels of the
facility. There was this rotten smell all around. We entered a room,
and, well… there was this substance everywhere. On the walls, floor,
ceiling, everywhere. It was like flesh, with tendrils or veins running
across it, like from a Dead Space game. Then we found bodies attached to
it. Dozens. Shriveled up like dead insects in a spider web.

“I think we should go back.” Alex said, anxiously.

We turned around and went back but then I heard some debris shift in the
distance in the corridor we came from.

Soon enough, one of these things crawled into the light emitted by my
flashlight. It stood there for a while, staring at us with its blank
eyes. And then it leaped forward.

Then it fell to the ground, dead, and an empty shotgun shell did too
soon after.

I heard more of them making their way towards us in the distance, so we
ran deeper into the facility. I shot a few more on the way, but then ran
out of ammo.

​

​

We eventually found a long, dark tunnel flooded with water. The things
were almost on us. I could see them crawl along the walls behinds us.

We entered the tunnel. The water slowed us down considerably, and I
awaited the worst, but then I noticed that we weren’t followed.

They wouldn’t go inside the tunnel.

We walked for I don’t know, an hour? Two? The water was ice cold,
luckily it was only about knee-deep so it wasn’t too terrible.

I already said that Alex didn’t look well since I found him, but as we
walked through, he seemed to be getting worse. He complained that his
head hurt and he felt dizzy. His skin got pale and he looked very weak.
After some time, I had to support him and later, he completely collapsed
and fell unconscious. We couldn’t go back, so my only option was to find
a way to drag him through the water.

It went like this for some time but then I heard something far away in
the direction we came from. A splash. I turned and shined my light into
the black tunnel.

Nothing.

I went to continue walking, but then I heard it again.

“Hello?” I called, hoping to hear an answer. Maybe Moroz was here? Or
did the creatures follow us after all?

Nothing.

I quickened my pace, but it wasn’t easy dragging another person and
moving through knee-deep water. The sounds continued. They weren’t
getting closer or farther, they were just there. Then I reached the end.
The tunnel was closed off with another massive steel door and no visible
way to open it. It was a dead end.

I stopped moving and listened. Those sounds, it wasn’t just a splash. It
was more like … as if someone or something was wading through the water.
I panicked and started banging on the door, calling for help. I had
nowhere to go. The sounds were now getting closer. I saw waves in the
water. It was now very close. I slowly turned again, and looked into the
tunnel.

I saw nothing and heard nothing. Just silence and darkness. And then the
familiar scent hit my nose.

Ozone.

​

​

Then I heard metal shift behind me, and the door opened.

“Dimitri?” A familiar voice called.

Moroz.

“What – who is…? Oh no, you brought it here!”

He pulled me and Alex through the door and then shut it again as fast as
he could.

“That’s your friend? How…? What happened to him?” He asked as he looked
at still-unconscious Alex.

“I don’t know. Are you okay?” I asked back. He had a large gash across
his face and his right eye.

“Well no thanks to you.” He responded.

He noticed the makeshift bandage on Alex’s arm and unwrapped it. What he
had on his arm wasn’t just a regular wound. It was a bite mark.

“That.” Moroz said and pointed at it.

“Stand back.”

He stood up and drawn his pistol.

“NO, wait! At least tell me what’s going on!”

“He’s going to be dead in a few minutes. This will make it easier. For
him too, but mostly for us.”

“What? Please! Is there really nothing else we can do?” I pleaded.

He looked at me, looked at Alex and then stood there, thinking for a
moment. I was immediately relieved when he holstered his gun again.

“Okay. This might help him.” He said, and dug up a case with a syringe
from his backpack. It looked used recently and was only about half full
with a clear liquid. He injected Alex with the rest of it.

“It won’t matter anyway.” He said.

“What do you mean?”

“Follow me. Take him too if you want, I’m not carrying him.”

​

​

“I guess you’ve probably already figured out that this all had something
to do with the disaster 30 years ago.” He explained as we moved through
the facility.

“The first machine we used for the teleportation experiments, it wasn’t
powerful or reliable enough. We figured out that this whole thing wasn’t
as simple as it seemed. We weren’t just teleporting one thing to a
different place, we were transferring them between multiple parallel
realities. But it was limited, we could only ‘exchange’ two objects with
equal mass between two identical places in 2 different realities. So,
they built a new machine here, and used a nuclear reactor to power it,
hoping that we could possible move anything to any place between 2 given
realities. “

“We started exploring whole new universes, saw worlds where the Germans
won World War 2, worlds where we all destroyed each other, even worlds
where life never evolved on Earth. But then, someone had this idea. If
there are these parallel universes, what is between them? There was only
one way to know. And that’s when it went wrong, as I said. We should
have been happy with what we had. But we always want more, right?”

“We tried to access this ‘conduit reality’ as they called it. But when
they activated the machine, it stayed open. Something happened, and a
‘portal’ was created, independent from our machine. It was sustaining
itself.”

“So, we sent a survey team in there. They came back after a few minutes,
reporting all sorts of strange things. About how a strange feeling
filled that place, how space and time themselves felt odd, even how some
of them claimed to have seen themselves at different places at once.
They wouldn’t go back, even if threatened with all sorts of penalties.”

“We sent a second survey team later. This one didn’t come back at all.
So we send a third team to find them. They came back, but something
wasn’t right with them when they returned. Their minds were like …
erased.”

I pictured the blank stares of the creatures we fought on the way.

“Shortly after they returned, a massive burst of energy flowed out from
the portal straight up, into the reactor. But that wasn’t all.”

“And you know all this because you took a sick day, right? I asked.

“I was at a different place in the facility when it happened. I’ll never
forget when they came to me, saying, that something came through, into
our world.

“What was it?” I asked.

“I don’t know. Nobody knows. It wasn’t unlike anything we’ve ever seen.
And it killed almost everyone here. Not just killed, it did stuff to
people. You’ve seen.”

“We’re here.”

We entered a control room, filled with computers and various controls
and displays. Moroz closed another blast door and sealed us inside the
control.

“We need to close the portal. We have tried it before, but these things
wouldn’t let us.”

“So where are they now?”

“As soon as I heard that you went inside the facility and came back, I
knew something was off. This place used to be full of them. At least one
is still here – the smell of ozone. But a few years ago, anyone who went
in wouldn’t get alive past Level -1. But we’ve got this far, and I don’t
know why. That’s what scares me. Something isn’t right.”

​

​

“I know that I am asking for a lot, but we need to go inside the portal
and use this.”

He emptied his backpack and took out a crude-looking contraption with
all sorts of wires, coils and other bits hanging from it.

“We need to place one end in the other reality and then return with the
second end into ours. If it works, it might cause the portal to
collapse.”

“And how do you know that the same thing that happened to the third team
won’t happen to us too?” I asked.

“That’s the thing, I don’t. But I’ll tell you this – you know how they
built that concrete shield over the ‘reactor’? They weren’t trying to
seal the reactor. They were trying to seal this place, to prevent
whatever came into our world from getting out. And a few years ago, the
thing we feared most happened – the shield started cracking. They were
trying to get out. So, they built a new containment building recently,
as you know. But for how long will this go on? Sooner or later,
something will fail and they will get out. This might be our only chance
to end this for good.”

How the hell did I get into this? I thought. I was just a random guy at
the wrong place in the wrong time, but Moroz was talking as if the fate
of our world depended on me. But maybe he was right. Whatever set of
coincidences has brought us here– brought me here, maybe me and Moroz
were the only people who could do what needed to be done.

“Alright, let’s do it.” I said.

​

​

We put on a pair of what looked like modified space suits, left
everything other than the device in the control room and entered the
machine.

We were in a dome-shaped chamber full with complicated machinery. In the
center, there was a sphere of white light. Above it, a black, hollow
shaft going straight up with cracks and debris around the opening.

We tethered ourselves to a steel rail and Moroz walked forward, into the
sphere and vanished. After some hesitation, I did the same.

​

I found myself in a place that I can’t describe. There was no up or
down, and I could ‘walk’ in any direction. It looked empty, yet I could
see countless infinitely large shapes with billions of tiny shiny dots
on the surface.

“Here.” A voice called.

I looked for Moroz but I couldn’t find him.

“Where are you?” I called.

“Come,” he said and grabbed me by the arm, seemingly out of nowhere.

I noticed hundreds or thousands of other white spheres in the distance
around us.

“Are those…?”

“Yes. Portals from other parallel realities.”

“Are we going to close them all?”

“No, just ours. The others are not our problem. They will have to find
their own way to handle it.”

We walked towards one distinct shape, as with everything here I struggle
to describe it. It was like a fractal, the same shape repeating over and
over and over again.

“I think this is it.” Moroz said, and started doing something with the
device. It beeped several times and then started making a high-pitched
hum.

“Oh no, no, this isn’t good,” he continued.

“What’s going on?”

“Listen, I need you to take the other end and return. Once you’re back,
pull this switch and keep this button pressed until it activates. I have
to stay here.”

I picked up my end of the machine and watched as a wire started
unreeling between the two.

“What about the key to the door out?” I asked.

“There is no key.”

“WHAT? But you said… that wasn’t the plan!

“This was always the plan. I couldn’t risk…” he didn’t finish.

I saw something in the corner of my eye. Movement.

“Shit! Don’t look at it! Go NOW! RUN!” Moroz said. And I listened.

​

​

I ran back, followed the line back into our portal, with my eyes almost
closed. I went through, placed the device on the ground, flipped the
switch and the device started producing a similar high-pitched noise. I
pushed the button. For a second or two, nothing happened, and then,
suddenly the device (or the portal?) let out an ear-piercing whine, an
intense flash and a wave of heat. And then, it was gone. Severed wires
and tether line laid there on the ground, where the portal used to be.

In the meantime, Alex woke up. He looked much better, and I told him
what happened while he was out. We didn’t know what to do now. We
thought about going back, and trying to cut the chain on the door
outside again, but after what happened last time, we doubted that it
could work. We probably wouldn’t even get there alive at all. But then,
Alex had this idea:

“What if we can use the machine to teleport out of here?”

​

​

It took us several hours to figure out how the controls worked. It was
heavily damaged and the reactor was obviously out of question but the
generators above supplied enough power for a simple ‘translocation’ as
they described it. All we needed to do, is input a target vector.

And then, the familiar clicking and smell of ozone came.

A powerful slam shook the whole room and left a large dent in the steel
door that connected the control room with the rest of the facility.

“Fuck, not again!” I yelled.

“I think I got it! They have some vectors written down here. We just
need to add some height and we’ll get above ground,” Alex explained.

“Make it fast!” I said as the door shook in another slam.

He did something and the controls lit up with alarms sounding.

We ran to the core chamber and closed it behind us, just as we heard the
control room door give way.

We stood in the center and waited. Sparks and smoke filled the room as
the machine did its thing.

Please work.

I heard another slam and the door to the chamber broke off the wall and
fell to the ground.

​

I looked over and then, the time froze. I didn’t feel fear, I felt at
peace. I felt as if I was just a step away from understanding
everything. I wanted to stay here, forever.

​

A flash suddenly blinded me, and then I bumped mu head into something. I
opened my eyes and breathed in fresh air. We were laying upside down in
a crater-like hole in the ground in a forest. We were out.

We found our car after a few minutes. We saw several military
helicopters fly in the opposite direction as we driven home.

Alex checked in a hospital with a made-up story of an animal attack. He
was okay in the end. We didn’t talk about it again.

It was over and I though that our world was safe from whatever stayed at
the other side of the portal.

But when I finally returned home that day, I noticed that something
wasn’t right. The old cherry tree that we used to play at when we were
kinds – it wasn’t there. There was an apple tree instead.

​

​

“…We’ve managed to transport an apple today. However, I couldn’t help
but notice that the pattern of red and green skin on top was slightly
different…”

“…we were transferring them between multiple parallel realities…”

“…Portals from other parallel realities. Are we going to close them all?
No, just ours. The others are not our problem. They will have to find
their own way to handle it…”

​

I think I’m not in the reality that I lived in before. I think that when
we teleported out, we ended up in a different one.

I can’t stop thinking about that the portal in this one might still be
open.

​

​

I think we aren’t safe.
