This is the true story of WangWang, the mother dog, in Jieyang,
Guangdong, China

I know what they did, the 4 of them. They were just kids, minors, eldest
one is almost 14, yet their minds is capable of such brutality and
atrocities that an adult mind like mine cannot comprehend.

I have seen videos of what they did to that poor dog, they tricked that
mother dog into coming to them, petting her, playing with her, making
the mother dog oblivious to what they were about to do to her, because
their intents were much more sinister, they brought iron wire,
chopsticks, log, alcohol and lighter.

The Mother dog name is Wang Wang, she’s a local stray, who had just
given birth to 3 puppies, she can also be considered a puppy herself as
she was only 1 year old. She lives around the village where the boys
were, scraping and surviving on the sympathy of sympathic people, she
sheltered herself and her pups inside a discarded cardboard boxes, a
place she call home, passerby would stop to give her foods and she would
learn to trust and become friendly to every humans whom passed by her,
hoping some would care enough to give her food just enough her to
survive another day with her pup, and it worked for her, passerby would
come round, giving her foods and take videos of her cuteness and posted
it around social media, unbeknownst to her, her trustiness would also
become her cruel demise.

First, they torture her puppies, in front of her, they took videos for
views, for likes, for attention, they held her pup and push the
chopstick they brought into the puppy’s ear until it’s dead, she has 3
puppies, now that one’s gone, they moved on to the next, while she
watches helplessly hoping some good Samaritan would come and save her
puppies like the trusts she would put in them, before they killed the
last of the puppies, they made the small puppy watches their siblings
dying and taunted it.

During this ordeal, Wang Wang never left her puppies side, even though
she was beaten, kicked and hit with the log they brought, after all the
3 puppies were dead, they moved on to her, they tied the iron wire
around her neck and dragged her endlessly and took turns hitting her and
kicking her, dragged her close to her dead puppies to make her see their
works. The torture doesn’t end there, they poured alcohol on her and lit
her on fire, as she was burning, they even exclaimed she smelled so
good, the most heartthrobing part of the whole video was as she flung
around succumbing to fire, while on fire, they were still beating her,
dragging her around with the iron wire around her neck, when they let go
of the wire, in her last moments, she gathered her remaining strength
whilst on fire and walked towards the corpses of her puppies and licked
them one last time. A Mother’s love is unending even to the end.

I am one of the many netizens that was outraged by this ordeal, I
couldn’t sleep, I was numb, WangWang’s been on my mind for 3 days, I
keep following the news to see if the boys would have any repercussions,
instead, what I saw made me more rageful than ever, the authorities were
actively trying to cover up the crimes in order to preserve the perfect
image of their provinces, the government were silencing those were
willing to speak up, condemn influencers and celebrities that speak up
against this case by banning posts and messages about Wang Wang, they
claimed the boys will be sent to rehabilitation school because they are
juvenile, their parents claimed they’re just kids and it’s just a dog,
to put fuel into the fire, one of the parents ran a restaurant, and
because of the backlashes they have recieved from the netizens, they
taunts the public by renaming their dishes to mock the crime, “Dogs on
Fire” “Gasoline Fuel” were among the names of dishes that they changed.

Furious and full of rage as I am typing this, I felt like the
authorities had failed WangWang, I spent my days thinking of what
retribution I would give to the boys and their parents, I would
kidnapped them, take them somewhere secluded and I would do to them upon
what they did to WangWang.

First, I would start with the usual stuff, beating and kicking and let
the fear sink in their evil mind that this vengeance and karma for what
they did, then the chopsticks, in on ear out of the other, let other
see, I would try to be careful to not kill them, I want them to suffer,
then the wire, I would tighten it up around their neck and see how their
reactions would be when the table has turned before we move to the
burning part, I can’t risk a fire starting out of control, so I thought
of an idea, what if I hear up cooking oils and pour it on them, that
would make feel the same as being burned, no?

As my thoughts progress, imaginations has turned to plan, and I tried to
come up with several more ways to try to be more creative, so I did my
research, I saw this method, where they said the skin underneath the
fingernails are the most sensitive parts of the body, if you stick a
needle beneath it and push it in a pricking motions, it’ll be the most
painful experience one could ever feel, that is exhibition 1.

Exhibition 2, I have read that if you flay or skin someone, you can keep
them alive for as long as you want to, providing you don’t send them
into shocks, but you need precision, I can learn that.

Exhibition 3, the rack, this method required a specific devices, but the
result is painful stretches of muscle and ligament pain that can be
described as unending, this suits well, as I can don’t really want to
kill them, and all I need is a makeshift wooden plank and some rope

Exhibition 4: LingChi, the death by a thousand cuts, I would just need
to be careful around the main arteries in order to prevent blood loss,
and they would feel it slow as they will remain conscious.

I took some more time to think it through, at first, I planned in my
imagination would be litting the fire on them and let it all end the
same way Wang Wang faced her demise, but……. even what I imagined, I
still considered it too easy of a way for them to go, they need
something more….

Then a quotes hit me, “A Life worse than death” and I’m obsessed as to
how would I make it so, maybe the rage and hatred inside worked together
to create a solution, I thought of my finishing act. I would amputated
both their arms at shoulder length, both their legs at knee length, I
need to cauterize the wounf of course, otherwise they’ll die of blood
loss or shock, but there’s 4 of thems, so I will have 4 tries. I’m
thinking of bringing a cast iron cooking pan, heat it up and use it to
cauterize their wounds, the pain they recieved from the cauterization
would be icing on the cake and keeping them alive would suit my goal
still. They’ll be living as disable for the rest of their miserable
lives, and the parents who enabled them and protected them, let’s see if
they are willing to put down their own kids because at this point, the
legless and armless kids would be nothing but a useless and meaningless
animal like they called WangWang.

Enough imagination for today, but as I did further research on the
location of the crime and the location of restaurant of one of the
parent, I have pinpointed exactly where I need to be, should my
imagination comes to life. I have talked WangWang sympathizers through
online, they are as outraged as I am, but do they have the same
imagination as me?

3 Hours train ride, 3 Hours is all it takes for my imaginations to comes
to life.

I hope this story will create awareness for WangWang, there’s been an
ongoing campaign to call for Justice. Please join the movement to voice
for the voiceless, if you searched up WangWang Mother dog, Jiayang
Guangdong, the stories will appears, don’t watches the videos if you
have a weak heart.
