I’m not crazy, or schizophrenic, or insane. The doctors all have it
wrong. I’ve been stuck in this nuthouse for going on 2 weeks, and I
shouldn’t be. No matter how much I insist I don’t belong here, they
refuse to let me out. They are wasting time. It’s coming. The box won’t
hold it for long. And when it gets out, no one is safe.

I’ll be as detailed as possible so you can see I’m not crazy. May you
read my words, and I pray to whatever deity can hear me, you will
believe me. I run a small antique store in Pine Crest, meaning I
frequent rummage and estate sales looking for items to restock my store.
I came across it at a yard sale. Trinkets, clothes and other unused
items littered the long plastic tables organized on the lawn.

Most of the things for sale were junk. Tupperware stained with spaghetti
sauce, damaged toys from the 90’s and early 2000’s, fishing poles flaked
with rust from poor maintenance. Nothing of any real value.
Disappointed, I rounded the last table to come to a smaller table with a
cardboard sign reading ‘Free’. I was shocked. The table held paintings,
neatly organized in milk crates.

I thumbed through them carefully, surprised to find a few genuine
prints. A Norman Rockwell with the serial number pressed into the bottom
of the frame. Perfectly preserved without a blemish or speck of dust. I
sat it aside and continued looking. My excitement growing as I found 3
more authentic paintings. All 4 of these paintings could go in a museum
with how carefully they had been cared for. They were worth thousands to
the right collector.

A decision had to be made. I could keep the true value hidden and leave
with a small fortune, or tell the owner the real value they had sitting
in their lawn. Looking back, I should have kept my mouth shut. I should
have loaded into my car and left without a word. I’m an honest man, and
that was my downfall.

I sat the paintings gently on the table and hurried to the table that
served as a checkout in the shade of the large oak tree. The man running
the table was young, mid 20’s maybe. He smiled in greeting as I
approached.

“Hey, need help with anything?” He asked in a cheery voice.

“No sir, but I have something I want to show you.”

I gestured for him to follow me back through the rows of tables to the
free table. I held up one of the Rockwell paintings. He looked at it
puzzled for a moment.

“Some old painting? What about it?”

I flipped the painting over carefully showing the serial number pressed
onto the frame.

“This is a genuine Norman Rockwell. One of only 500 printed,” I said
pointing to the stamp. “In pristine condition.”

He looked at me, realization slowly creeping onto his face. I handed it
to him carefully. He inspected it with a new appreciation.

“Woah, you really know your stuff. How much is it worth?” He asked
before gently setting it on the table.

“All 4 of these,” I said placing my hand over the stack, “are upwards of
$5,000 to the right collector. The art museum in Redfield would give you
a couple thousand for the whole thing.”

He whistled softly at the number.

“I sure appreciate you telling me this. You understand I won’t be able
to give you these for free now, but I have something you can have.”

He turned hurrying inside. I waited for a while until he returned
holding a golden frame.

“This house was my Grandmas. She was a big art collector as you can see.
This was her favorite piece.”

I reached out taking the painting before turning it in my hands. My eyes
went wide. The painting was incredible. Vibrant swirls covered every
inch of the canvas, twisting and connecting in the most intricate
pattern I have ever. The colors shifted with the light, morphing along
the curves of the spirals transforming into pigments and shades that
didn’t feel ment for human eyes.

The frame was as cold as grave dirt in my hands. My head started to swim
the longer I looked at the canvas.

“I can see you’re interested,” he said with a smile as I looked up at
him. “Since you were nice enough to tell me about these,” he placed a
hand on the stack of paintings, “you can have this one for free.”

I thanked him and we shook hands. I put the painting in my car and drove
to an estate sale across town. Coming back from visiting the estate
sale, I couldn’t help but notice how cold the car was upon my return.

I returned home, took the painting up to my office, and hung it on the
wall. It didn’t have any inherent value that I could see. No signature
or stamp anywhere to name the artist. The design was enchanting however.
I must have sat and stared at it for hours that first day. Swirls
interlaced and curled around each other like a fingerprint. The
technique used to make such patterns was revolutionary. Thinking of it
now gives me a static filled headache, staring at it rattled my
consciousness in a way I can’t describe.

Admiring the painting became part of my daily routine. I found myself
watching the clock at my store, waiting for the time I could leave and
go home. Weeks went by in this manner. Me leaving my store earlier and
earlier each day to be near the painting. The colors. I would wake at
dusk to look at the painting, finding the setting sun coating the
floorboards and my legs stiff from disuse. The patterns. I had taken to
wearing a coat in the office from the cold, but that didn’t matter.

I hadn’t left the house for a few days before I noticed it. A white spot
in the center of the canvas. The spirals all converging into the blank
space. Was the spot always there? I couldn’t recall anything but the
shifting swirls. Staring into the smooth, blank spot made the spirals
pulse in my peripheral. The colors dancing as they shifted and morphed
into one another.

The spot marked its arrival. I should have paid more attention. I should
have done away with it. Burned it. Buried it. Thrown it into the ocean
never to be seen again. But I couldn’t. It had already taken hold.

I woke up on the floor of the study to a sound. Sitting up as I chased
sleep from my eyes to look around. I was alone in the dark room, but I
could hear the sound. Straining my ears, the sound of cracking or
scratching was barely audible. Like a baby chick breaking free from its
eggshell. Looking around again, I noticed the painting. My eyes watered
as I gazed upon it. It was glowing. Faintly, like a star moments before
it blinks out of existence forever.

I found myself crawling towards it. Pulling myself up the wall to touch
it. The canvas was warm to the touch. I gasped pulling my hand away, the
steam from my breath visible in the glow. I stared into the blank spot
as I had done hundreds of times before. The spot had grown. Barely
noticeable, but bigger than it had been. The swirls and spirals more
crowded than they had been before, as if they were being pushed away
from the center of the painting.

This was wrong. My trance broken by the realization. I left the office,
closing the door behind me. The shakes started almost immediately. A
shiver so deep I could hear my bones rattle within my emaciated frame. I
couldn’t remember eating. The smell of body odor and excrement clung to
me. Exhaustion had settled over my body, I fell asleep in the shower
that night. The hot water doing nothing to stop the shaking.

I woke up that morning stiff from the shower floor. I got dressed, made
breakfast and checked my cell phone which I had left on the kitchen
table some time ago. I choked on my toast seeing the number by the
missed call message. 137 missed calls. I scrolled through the call log,
the tremble in my hand making it difficult. The last call I remember
receiving was over a month ago.

I started checking all of the voicemails. Calls from the few employees
at my store asking where I was. Those same employees demanding their pay
checks in angry tones before they told me they quit. My doctor reminding
me to come in for my checkup and a top up for my medications. The man I
leased the store from telling me I was late on rent and would have to
pay it last week if I wanted to keep it open. A call from a lawyer
explaining the court summons that had been delivered to my house for
unpaid wages.

My head was spinning. Everything had fallen apart since that painting
fell into my possession. I left the half eaten breakfast on the table
and jumped into my car. I sped back to the house that held the yard
sale. My hands shaking as they held the steering wheel. I parked
haphazardly on the front lawn, marched up to the door and banged on it
with my fist. My muscles screamed from the exertion but I ignored them.

After a few moments, the same 20 year old from that day opened the door.
He looked at me puzzled, his eyes hesitating on my car still running on
his grass.

“Can I help you?”

“The painting. What’s wrong with it?” I asked quickly.

He stared at me, confusion plastered on his face.

“What painting?”

“The painting. I got it from you at a yard sale the other day. What’s
wrong with it?” I asked more frantically.

He stepped back further inside. The door started to close but I shoved
my way into his home. His eyes were wide with fear.

“Woah dude, I don’t know anything about the painting. It was my
grandmas, she got dementia so we put her in a nursing home. I was
selling her old stuff to make room. Just relax man.”

I paused. Dementia? Of course. The painting, it had to be. Without a
word I turned walking back to my car. I floored the accelerator,
speeding back to my house.

I jumped the curb in front of my house, destroying my mailbox in the
process. Running to the door I fumbled with my keys, the tremors had
gotten worse. Shoving the door open, I climbed the stairs 2 at a time to
the office door. I grasped at the door knob. It was ice cold. Looking
down at my feet, I could see light filtering out from the gap at the
bottom of the door. With some effort I twisted the knob, stepping into
the freezing cold office.

My eyes flew to the painting. I raised my hand up, blocking out the
intense light that it now produced. Staring in awe, it was entirely
white. The frame bulged as if it would explode at any second. In my
haste I hadn’t heard the sound. Static, like a radio between two
stations, filled the small space.

I stared at the painting, not comprehending what it was seeing. A shape
darted across the frame. Was it a trick of the light? My mind filling in
something to the emptiness of the canvas. I stepped closer. My legs and
hands shaking as I reached out to touch it. The shape darted past again.
I had seen it this time. I was positive something had moved within the
painting. A curvy, wriggling pattern.

I stood frozen in place. The static sound grew louder. It wasn’t static
was it. If I strained to listen, I could hear the screams. Hundreds and
thousands and millions of screams in unison. Combining to a crescendo of
chaos and projecting out of the frame. My ears throbbed painfully but I
couldn’t bear to cover them or look away. Its gravity was pulling me in.

The canvas shifted slightly. I didn’t dare take in a breath, begging God
to make this stop. It shifted again, bulging out of the wall. The canvas
stretched tightly around it. I saw its face, protruding impossibly from
the wall. The spiral patterns of its skin, the empty sunken holes where
its eyes should have been, the teeth threatening to rip the painting and
get free. Color was draining from the wallpaper leaving it white as
fresh snow.

I had to do something. Looking around frantically, I saw my salvation.
An antique cigar box, big enough to hold the frame. Snatching it off my
desk I dumped its contents on the floor. One of the blue ink pens rolled
towards the painting before its pigments disappeared. With shaking
hands, I lunged towards the wall, covering the painting with the open
box. The screaming grew muffled within the box as I scooped the painting
inside closing the lid tightly and turning the metal latch.

My hands shook as I could hear the canvas ripping inside the small box.
It was getting out. I had to destroy it. I ran down the stairs quicker
than I have ever moved in my life. Ripping open the door to my back
yard, I threw it into the burn pit on the back patio. The blue and red
lights outside my house barely registered within my mind as I searched
for the lighter fluid. The box shook in the fire pit, the latch holding
on for all it was worth. Finally finding the lighter fluid, I held it up
dousing the box. The screams growing louder from within.

That was when the sheriff tackled me to the ground. I begged them to
burn the box. Telling them they could take me to jail but the box needed
to be destroyed. They didn’t listen. The box was collected, and is now
sitting in the evidence locker at the police station. Forgotten about.

No one believes me. That thing has already broken out of the frame. I
don’t know how long the box will hold. It needs to be destroyed. I’m not
the only one to see it. The kid’s grandma saw it too, she’s not senile.
She knows the truth. No one believes us. Please. Find it and destroy it.
I can still hear the screams. I can still see the vibrant colors and
swirls in my dreams. I can see the whiteness starting to creep in.
