The man from my dreams is standing outside my window, and I know I’m not
dreaming.

For the past month, I’ve been seeing a man in my dreams. He doesn’t
speak. He just stares at me.

Before tonight, I was dreaming of a wet grassy field. There was a thin
fog resting over the grass. The sky was a dark grey and the horizon
seemed to mix with the mist below me. A thick storm brewed overhead.

Unlike most of my dreams, nothing was happening. I was just standing
there, wind blowing past me, making the grass reflect like waves on an
open ocean. I stood there for an unknown amount of time, taking in the
landscape. A strong gust of wind grabbed my attention and I turned. 

About 20 feet in front of me stood the man I had grown accustomed to
seeing every night. I normally couldn’t place any specific features of
him, like he was a blank template, a missing texture in my own mind. But
this time, I saw every part of him. His smaller than normal face with
short black hair and green eyes. His grey skin cracked around his eyes
and mouth. His mouth was agape but no breath escaped his body. As if his
face was the surface of a desert, split from a never-ending drought. He
wore dark clothes and looked relatively normal, minus his skin.

I stared at him for a long while until he began to approach me. He took
five slow steps. Each step looked like it took immense effort. Like
these 5 steps could be his last. His body shook as it lifted each leg
and slammed down to regain his balance. Normally if he’d ever approached
me, he’d come all the way up, but this time he stopped short. 

And for the first time since I’d met the man, he began to make a noise.

What came out wasn’t speech. It was a sound. It was rain. The sound of
rain hitting a window. Hitting the roof of a small home. It was strong.
The wind even seemed to be coming from within his throat. 

A flash of white light came from his mouth and seconds later, the sound
of thunder. I stared at him in contentment. My mind understood what it
was seeing was wrong, and I even knew I should’ve been afraid. But I
wasn’t. 

As I listened to the rain, a thin liquid started to seep out of his
mouth. It looked like water but thicker. As time passed, the liquid
flowed stronger out of him, its brownish colour becoming more
noticeable. The sound of rain continued, gurgling through the liquid it
fought past. Another flash of white came from his mouth. It lit up the
liquid, revealing its reddish brown colour and reflected on the inside
of his mouth and over the wet dew surrounding us. After moments of
anticipation, thunder. 

I woke.

After a moment of gathering my surroundings. I was in my room, in my
home.
I realized the sound of rain hadn’t stopped. Through my open windows
came the sound of a storm above me. I tried to gather my thoughts as
best I could, trying to figure out what just happened. Sound from the
real world had entered my dreams once before, but it still scared me
nonetheless. Made the dream feel more real than usual.

I decided to roll out of bed and watch the rain for the next little bit.
It was soothing, despite what had woken me. 

I’m not quite sure how long I watched the rain for until I noticed it,
noticed him. A figure stumbling down the road. They were quite a few
houses down, coming towards me or the direction of my house at least. By
his stature it looked like a man, and he looked drunk or high on
something. I wasn’t really sure. 

He stopped in front of a house near mine and lifted his head, looking
around for something. He looked all over the house before dropping back
into a fold and stumbling away. He continued checking every house he
passed, slowly making his way towards me.

I was concerned considering the time and the current weather I almost
called the police, but before I had the chance to, he stopped in front
of my house. He stood folded over, staring at the ground. A flash of
lightning lit the street around him, he flinched before straightening
his body and standing up. As he straightened, I felt his bones cracking
in my soul, like his body were never meant to move the way it had.

His head clicked upwards and straightened out, staring into my home. Not
at me, but at the front door. He seemed to be scanning, searching. He
checked every window, his movement felt mechanical. They weren’t smooth
like you’d expect. They literally clicked along as if his neck was
controlled by a rusty gear with missing teeth. When he reached my
window, his eyes burned into mine and he stopped.

When I realized he was staring at me, I ducked down below the
windowsill, my heart beating in my throat. I don’t know why I didn’t
duck down earlier. Maybe morbid curiosity got the better of me. Even
when I couldn’t see him, it felt like he was still watching me. I had to
check.

I stood and peaked out the window and found him unmoving. I should’ve
got back down, or even called the police. I wish I’d done literally
anything else except continuing to watch him.

His face was shrouded in shadow but I knew he was looking at me. The
wind blew hard, and his hood slid off his face.

Time seemed to slow as my mind realized what it saw. The world went
quiet while I stared at him. My body shook in pulses and my mouth was
hanging open. I tried to breathe but nothing would come. I suddenly felt
dry and was acutely aware of everything around me. The carpet on my
feet, my nails digging into my hands as I held them in fists. I could
feel the skin on my body, like it was no longer my own.

Outside my window was the man for my dreams, the man I’ve been seeing
for the past month, with nothing but a sheet of glass between us. I felt
like I was dreaming, like everything I’d been watching was no longer
real.

I’ve conditioned myself to think I’m in a dream whenever I see him, but
this wasn’t a dream.

He began to shake, softly at first but it got worse quickly. He
convulsed like a cat throwing up a hair ball. His body arching forwards
then back. Over and over again. While he moved, he never once took his
eyes off me. His head felt separate from his body, it sat perfectly
still as his chest heaved inwards and out.

All at once, his convulsions stopped. He stared at me as if I’d done
something wrong, his expression was blank but it felt disappointed,
almost personal. Like how an animal looks at you as you send it to the
slaughter house. Liquid began flowing from his mouth. It was so thin for
a moment I mistook it for rain.

It began flowing stronger and pooling in front of him, flowing to the
nearest sewer drain. Clumps of viscera crawled out of his throat and
fell into the growing pool of gore. First the pieces were small, some
didn’t have much weight to them, falling to the ground like a wet
feather. But they grew larger as more liquid pushed out. It looked like
they even lodged in his throat as liquid would stop until a large object
would push out of his mouth. His throat bulged the larger the objects
got, I questioned if his throat could take all of the pressure. But I
wouldn’t have to wonder for long. 

His skin began to pull apart, his face and throat growing in size as it
allowed more blood to leave his body. His eyes shifted across his face
until they were on either side. His pupils stayed locked on mine until
all I could see were half circles bulging out of his head. His mouth
stretched open wide, his jaw dripping off his face as if melting. He
stumbled as he shifted his weight and where he had stood left a print of
melted skin like meat stuck to the bottom of a pan.

Blood seeped out of the cracks in his skin that remained as he melted.
His body looked dry as ever despite the storm around him. The sensation
of throwing up itched in my throat as things caught in his mouth. I
swallowed trying to clear it but the feeling remains even now. He
continued to paint the street with his insides and all I could do was
watch.

Eventually he ran out of blood and his body looked like a deflated
balloon. His arms were thin and wrinkled but slightly longer than
before. 

Which brings me to now. We’re just staring at each other, in limbo. His
mouth is hanging off of him and his eyes look like partially peeled
scabs, barely clinging to his face.

I can’t even write a sentence before having to shoot my gaze back at
him, I can’t let him move. But while writing this, I wasn’t careful
enough. When I looked back up at him, he raised his hand and pointed to
the end of my road. His fingers were long and slender, they had a
greyish blue tint. Where his skin was exposed, he looked translucent. I
could see his bones and empty veins crawling across his hand, shifting
as his skin sagged more and more.

I hate that I feel this way, but I want to know where he’s pointing.
I’ve always woken before I could know what he wanted from me, but this
time that wasn’t happening. The idea itched and gnawed at the back of my
head as it dug deeper into my brain.

Part of me wants to leave my home and follow him wherever he may lead,
but I’m also scared, scared of that feeling, that building urge. 

It feels like something is in my brain pushing me forward. Pushing me
outside and into those woods. 

I couldn’t just let him leave, I wanted to follow him. I had to.

In my haze he walked off into the woods and disappeared into the tree
line, my need to follow building even more.

In a sort of blur I walked outside and stopped at the bile left above
the storm drain. Water rushed past leaves and bugs. Bugs coated in red
arose out of the filth and flew towards the woods the man had told me to
go. He had thrown up living insects. As they entered the forest border,
they began to glow. They shone red and seemed to draw me in, like an
angler fish in an empty void. I wanted nothing more than to follow them,
like my life no longer mattered, and all I wanted was to know what was
beyond those trees.

I had a family. I had friends. I had a life. Why did I want to know
where that man went?

I didn’t want to know. I needed to know.

My legs walked without thought. Like they weren’t part of my body. Once
I reached the trees, I was in another world.
The forest was coated in rain and fireflies flew around me. The ground
was uneven but I walked as if I’d done this in my sleep. My legs walked
without my control, like I was a passenger in my own body.

I walked for hours but the sun never rose. The fireflies followed me and
led the way. I looked behind me and saw nothing but darkness. They were
coming with me. They didn’t populate this forest, they came for the same
reason I had. A deep seated need to know what’s on the other side.

Rain thundered around me and even flowed sideways as gusts of wind
ripped through the forest. My skin hurt from the rain and felt drier
than ever. It felt like my skin was being pulled taut from behind me.

I reached a swamp at some point and the sound of frogs filled the air, I
could barely hear myself think. I felt trapped even though I continued
walking without anything stopping me. I could turn around, I could go
home. If there even was a home for me anymore. With each step I sunk
deeper into a muddy floor. It took minutes just to raise my foot out as
I pressed on. Something swam between my legs, unseen underneath the
muck. There were multiple of them and they continuously swam around me.
Some even latched onto my legs and wrapped themselves around my skin,
but I pressed on.

A wall of mist snapped me out of my walking trance. My legs felt numb
and I couldn’t even tell if I had feet anymore. Whatever was wrapped
around me had cut any feeling I had below my knees. The wall stretched
beyond my vision in all directions and was so thick I couldn’t see what
was behind it. I slowly pressed my hand into the mist and it waved
around me like water in a flowing stream. It was warm and seemed to
pulse. Like a heart beat.

I walked through the fog and found myself in a vast open field. The rain
stopped once I stepped through. My legs suddenly felt like they were
mine again. Nothing was wrapped around them but they had been ripped in
circular motions and exposed dark bruised skin. Above me was a vista of
galaxies that stretched on forever, but something was different. Each
star was red. Not the typical white. The sky was red. The wind flowed in
2 directions. It came from both in front of me and behind me, one after
another. Always switching. I noticed the air was hot, almost sweltering.

I turned to face the swamp and found the field was all I could see. The
swamp was gone but someone had taken its place.

In front of me stood the man from my dreams. His skin was cracked even
though the world around him was soaked, like my own skin. His mouth
dripped off his face and his arms were too long.

I tried to speak, to ask him why I was here. But before I could speak,
he began to change.

The cracks in his skin gave way and ripped apart as his body changed.
His skin dripped off of him like melting wax. Roots began to grab at his
legs and pull him into the ground. They burrowed into his body, it
looked like worms moving through someone’s veins. But these worms were
big.

As the roots dug through his body, the only thing that didn’t grow was
his head. It remained unchanged and stared into my eyes. One of his eyes
was barely hanging on and the other was just out of view.

The roots stretched through him and tore out of his skin before digging
back into him. The roots were crimson and brighter red lines dotted each
root, like they themselves had veins.

The roots wrapped around his body and approached his head before
stopping. For only a moment, everything stood still. I looked around me
and noticed the ground had changed. It was a flesh floor with tendons
and muscles poking out mimicking grass. They writhed like fish out of
water and the ones around my feet clung to me. They were wet and hot,
They burned through my shoes and attached to my skin. I could feel my
own skin melting but I didn’t move.

I looked back up at the man as a creaking sound came from his mouth.
That same stare looked into my eyes. Blank disappointment.

The roots moved once again and all at once dug into his head. His skin
cracked at his neck and splintered up. His eyes bulged out of his head,
the loose one popped out and hung by a thread of black flesh.

The roots dug higher and higher until they punctured out of his head and
split it open like a blooming flower. His insides weren’t red like
flesh, they were black. Like every bit of blood had been drained from
his body, his flesh had the texture of wet raisins. The roots rose into
the sky until they reached what looked like the galaxies above me. They
began to expand outwards using the newly formed roots above them as
anchors to stretch past me. I finally stumbled back and fell into the
flesh around me. The tendons and muscles clung to my skin and burned,
but I never took my eyes off the roots. It was a nervous system. They
weren’t roots. They were nerves.

Hot wind roared past me. Forwards. Backwards. Forwards. Backwards.
Nonstop.

The nerves had stretched everywhere except around me and were only now
pushing towards me. They vibrated and twisted violently and only then
did my mind start working. I kicked and writhed but I was stuck to the
floor. The ceiling rippled with each kick. A piece of root snapped off
the ceiling and fell beside me. It turned black the moment it was
separated from itself and the world shook around it. The ground began to
make waves and it finally freed me from the grasp of the fleshy grass.
I ran. I ran in any direction I could. There was barely any light in
front of me, but something glowed in the distance. A pulsing red mass.
The wind picked up and I could only withstand it by lying down and
swatting at the muscles until it switched directions.

The waves hadn’t stopped and I found myself thrown around trying to make
any type of progress. The nerves dug into the ground and the closer they
were, the more the ground vibrated. I felt them gaining as the world
around me lit up. The red mass was coming into view and I pushed with
any remaining energy I had left. My body was spent but I finally felt
like I wanted to live. The curiosity was gone and I felt like I was
thinking straight.
The ground suddenly stopped vibrating and the waves calmed until the
ground was flat. The ceiling was still and the stars had disappeared in
the presence of the red light.

I was wet and sticky, my body was coated in red and my clothes were
burned from the muscles and tendons that had gripped me. My mind was
finally as clear as it could be all things considered and I looked
forward to what was producing the light.

It was a heart. A giant beating heart pulsed in front of me. I realized
with each pulse a gust of wind rushed past me, still changing directions
each time. A low hum dug into my ears with each beat that I hadn’t
noticed before.

The sound punctured my brain and all I wanted was out, all I wanted was
to go home. A cracked sob escaped my throat while I watched the heart
beat in the same rhythm as my own.

My head dropped and I stared at the flowing grass. It looked calm and
didn’t reach for me. I looked at my legs and saw they were sinking into
the flesh around me.

It was eating me. Absorbing me. My breathing calmed and my mind went
blank. I was content. I looked at the heart once more and its beating
slowed. As the flesh filled me, my vision disappeared. I don’t mean went
dark, I completely lost the sensation of vision, like my brain didn’t
even know what it meant to have sight.

Next was smell. Before it had smelled hot and disgusting, but now that
was all gone. Flesh had filled my nose but my brain no longer knew what
it was like to smell.

Slowly all of my senses disappeared until I felt like nothing. A
senseless being floating in an empty space. I couldn’t feel the flesh on
my skin anymore, I had no way of knowing where I was.

I don’t quite know how long I stayed like that for before all at once,
my senses returned. My brain overloaded and still stings now. A flash of
white filled my vision and everything returned. I was still hot but I
was lying down on something, something soft. Before opening my eyes I
ran my hand over the soft surface. It felt inviting and familiar. My
eyes opened slowly and I was in my room.

I looked at my ceiling. Ran my eyes over the popcorn like texture while
I lied there in shock. I was trying hard to fully remember what had
happened, I couldn’t forget this. It felt so real.

I sat up and looked around, something felt off but I couldn’t place
what. My body ached but I was home. I looked outside and saw the
darkness of night. Everything had a slight tint but I couldn’t place
what colour it was yet.

My hands traced my face as I realized I was okay. I placed them on my
chest.

B-dm. B-dm-dm. B-dm. B-dm-dm-dm.

My heart beat. It was slow and irregular, it didn’t feel like my heart.

I moved my hand down my shirt and noticed it felt wet. I looked down to
see all of my clothes were burnt and red. Beneath my clothes were black
bruises with dry cracks littered all over my body, the texture was like
wet raisins. I got up and struggled to stand. I couldn’t tell if I
remembered how to walk. I slowly lifted each leg, it took huge amounts
of force just to lift myself one step forward. I took another step and
fell, barely catching myself on the window sill. I had too many thoughts
in my mind. Like I suddenly felt the emotions and memories of so many
people. 

My vision felt hazy and I shivered hard. I lifted myself to look out the
window, trying anything to calm my mind.

Outside was my street, or was it? Everything felt familiar, the houses
next to this one. The street, the numbers on each building. But it all
felt partially unfamiliar. I can’t shake the feeling like I don’t live
here anymore, that this isn’t my room, isn’t my home. I desperately want
to walk outside and not stop. If this isn’t my home, I have to find it.
It must be out there. The wind blew slowly side to side. It seemed to
match my breath. If I breathe faster, it speeds up. That couldn’t be
true. It can’t be.

The tint on everything was more clear up close. It was red. Everything
was glowing red. It was faint, but noticeable. I looked around to find
the source but I couldn’t see anything. Until I looked up. Above me was
the most beautiful night sky I’ve ever seen.

An ocean of red stars.
