A long time ago, when I was about seven years old, I had this big
birthday party at my old house. My parents really went all out for it
too, we had a water slide, bounce house, everything. It was a special
birthday because it was the first one I’d had since my Dad got back from
battle; he was an army veteran, and at that point I had spent most of my
life being more like pen pals with him rather than father and son. But
when he got back, I was so excited and proud of my Dad, so very proud of
him. I was so proud in fact that I went bragging about him to every kid
in my grade, about how he had a purple heart and 16 confirmed kills. 
But every time I had something to say about my Dad’s achievements, or
just had anything at all to say no matter the subject, there was this
little shithead kid who always had to one up me specifically. Even
writing this years later, that brat makes my blood boil; I can still
remember his name, Teddy Mathews. No matter what I had to say, Teddy had
to one up me no matter what. I got a bike for Christmas? He got a
mountain bike, with no training wheels. I was going to see a scary movie
on TV tonight? He was going to watch some R-rated gorefest. I could run
really fast? He could run even faster. We could never see it though, he
was always “conserving his energy”.
I could care less really, it was irritating, but he was just some
stupid, snot-nosed, little brat; why the hell should I care anyways? But
this one time, the week after my Dad got back, I was bragging about all
of his achievements, his medals, telling his stories; but then, like
clockwork, here comes Teddy Mathews, and I’m wondering “What the hell
could Teddy have to say this time? How can Teddy one up what I have to
say? He doesn’t even have a Dad!” But that didn’t matter to Teddy, no
lie was too big, too unbelievable, too obvious for Teddy. “Well MY Dad
has 20 confirmed kills, and 3 purple hearts!” Dear God, the balls on
this kid, to say something so completely false about his father! He lets
us know like EVERY DAY that his father left him when someone tries to
call him out on his lie! “MY DAD LEFT ME!! YOU’RE BEING RUDE!!” What did
that even have to do with anything?!
Anyway, I let it slip my mind, it’s not like he’s causing any harm, he’s
just lying. But then, this little shit says the most insensitive shit
imaginable. “Your Dad could NEVER compare to MINE! Your Dad probably
LIED about his time in the army!” What did this little shit just say to
me? What did he say about MY DAD?! I was furious, outraged, I couldn’t
take the constant competition, the one upping,I needed to do something
about this unforgivable insult, something to put him in his place,
something to shut him up, GOD did I want him to shut up!

Recently, my Mom was having some remodeling done just before my dad got
home. It was still going on at this point, and would be for the rest of
the month. This is important for later. For the entire length of my
birthday, I was trying my best to pretend that every gift, every game,
every bite of cake was the most amazing thing ever, and I was pretending
because I knew the real gift would come soon. During the party, Teddy
could not leave my side, constantly looking over my shoulder, in every
photo it looked like we were best of friends, which made what I was
about all the more ironic. After the gifts and cake, my parents were
exhausted; the other parents offered to take over while my parents
rested. They passed out on the couch, all the other kids and parents
were outside doing a scavenger hunt, and Teddy and I were still in the
house, unnoticed by the chaperones. 
“Hey Teddy, I got something cool to show you”
“What is it?
“Cant tell you, its a surprise”

I slowly opened the door, being sure not to be too loud, as the rusty
hinges creaked like they were aching with pain. I close the door, turn
on the lights, and lead the way down the stairs.
“So, what is this surprise?”
“Think it’s a present, a big one, they were probably waiting for the
party to end to give it to me”
We slowly creak down the stairs, hoping the floorboards wouldn’t wake my
parents.
As we reach the bottom, I continue through each of the winding
corridors, Teddy barely being able to keep up with the low visibility.
“How big is it?”
“Pretty big”
“Woah”
After the continuous walk, we reach a large pool of still wet concrete,
a large empty room, with nothing of note, but the large pool of still
wet concrete.
A large pool of still wet concrete.

“Eh- where’s the present?”
“In there” I point to the concrete pool.
“I-In the concrete?”
“Yep, you gotta jump in there if you wanna see it”
“B-But isn’t that dangerous?”
I grab the old wooden bat propped up against the wall
“Get in”
Teddy very hesitantly walks over to the pool of concrete and tries to
carefully dip in, before not being able to catch his footing and fall
into the concrete. He starts to frantically flail around, barely able to
catch his breath without accidentally inhaling concrete, he is not
successful.
“A- Andrew… H- Help Me!”
I stand there, watching, waiting for the flailing to stop, it doesn’t,
not for a while, but the screams for help coming from Teddy become
muddied by the wet concrete filling his lungs, pools of wet rock pop
from his mouth with each time he surfaces. Slowly but surly, a few
minutes later, the flailing stops, with nothing but his hand poking out,
reaching for safety. I use the bat to push his hand down deep below the
surface, and hide the bat so that no workers will see a bat that had
been dipped in concrete.

I climb back up the stairs, slowly open and then close the door, and
join everyone outside, still working on the scavenger hunt. No one but
me knows what happened, I never even saw any missing person posters for
Teddy, nor did I ever hear my classmates mention his name after that.
After the remodeling was finished at the end of the month, the concrete
fully hardened, no signs of anything underneath the surface, and I knew,
I had gotten away with murder, scott free.

Its been over 60 since my 7th birthday, there are no search results
relating to a missing persons case for Teddy Matthews, and the only
search results for me are talking about how I am a university professor.
And this may be the only document of this case.

You will never find me. 
