When I was a kid, the adults told us never to go to this place just
outside of town. They said it was a cursed place and that terrible
things happened there. They called it the bleeding tree, because the sap
from this particular tree was blood red, and its branches were the color
of scorched bones. All sorts of stories were told about it. How it took
naughty children from their beds and swallowed them whole, or how it was
the only remnant from some long-dead ghost town that ours was built on
the bones of. My favorite though, was that the tree was planted by the
devil and that one day he’d return to harvest the fruit from its
bleeding branches. The truth was that no one knew when the tree showed,
and no matter how many people I asked, no one remembered a time when it
wasn’t there. It was like the tree just showed up one night and decided
to haunt our home. 

We weren’t a big city, we had a population that was a little over a
hundred, and there weren’t many shops for travelers to stop at. We liked
it that way, folks left us alone. Until that reporter came, we weren’t
sure how he heard about the tree, but he started asking questions,
wanting to know more. He said he tried to get closer to it so that he
could snap some photos, but he started feeling this sinking in his gut
and the closer he got the worse it became until he couldn’t take another
step toward it, and when he showed us the photos he had taken they were
all blurred or somehow overexposed. He swore they were all taken the
same way, and that most of them were done on a tripod. There shouldn’t
have been these…errors. He wanted to know everything about the tree. No
one wanted to tell him anything, no one wanted whatever that evil was to
draw more attention to our town, but the mystery was enough.

Tourists, scientists, environmentalists, exorcists, and amateur ghost
hunters flooded our city. They all wanted to see this “Bleeding
Tree.” None of them ever got close, though. Eventually, the novelty of
the tree that no one could get close to started to fade, and the boom in
tourism to our town faded with it. The motel closed, roadside shops
shuttered, and we returned to our normal lives. Most of us were thankful
for this, but the tree’s shadow on our town would only grow.

I was thirteen when the tourists started dwindling, there were still the
occasional “weird America” travelers, but they never stayed long once
they realized they couldn’t get close enough to the tree. Everyone’s
questions were always the same: “Where did it come from? Do you know why
we can’t get close to it? Has anyone ever touched the tree?” I’d roll my
eyes as I listened to these people yammer on about the tree, and
eventually I started to resent the thing. My entire life, I was told to
stay away from it, that the tree was nothing but bad news. If that were
truly the case, then why did we let all these people just wander up to
it? Why did we not try to warn them, too? Did we care if they listened?
No one ever managed to get close enough to the tree, so I suppose the
point was a bit moot.

A year later, when I was fourteen, the dreams started. At first, they
were weirdly innocuous, flashing images of a field and the tree. I told
my parents about them, but they just dismissed it as a kid dreaming
about ghosts. When I talked to my friends, they had mentioned having
similar ones, but their parents also wrote them off. Even when we
presented a united front and tried to explain that we had all dreamed
the same thing, they still wrote us off. Said we were goofing around and
we need to stop behaving so immaturely. I didn’t know how to respond at
the time, we were kids and we didn’t know what was happening, I still
don’t think I do, not fully.

Then the adults started complaining about weird dreams. Started talking
about the tree like it was some ghost haunting the entire town. Everyone
was plagued by them, everyone was talking about them. Suddenly the tree,
the thing we were all told to avoid and to ignore, was the subject of
conversations everywhere. None of us knew what they meant, and none of
us dared go to the tree to find out. Tourists still came through now and
again—people who had heard about the tree on some cryptid forum and
wanted to see it for themselves. I remember asking one if he had any
dreams about the tree after he had arrived. He looked at me like I was
nuts.

“It’s just a tree, kid, a weird tree, but it’s a tree,” he told me. When
I asked why no one could get close to it, he shrugged. “Somethin’ weird
with Earth’s magnetic field or somethin’. I’m not a scientist. I just
wanted to see the weird tree.” 

I wasn’t happy with the answer he had given me. I wasn’t happy with any
of it. The tree was drawing people in, creating attention in our
otherwise quiet town, but they didn’t have to dream about
it. They weren’t being haunted by it. They could just see it, ogle for a
bit, and go home without experiencing anything else while we had to see
it in our dreams, be haunted by the plaguing questions from people who
don’t know to leave well enough alone. I hated that fucking tree. More
importantly, I started hating the outsiders as well.

Another year would pass with nothing changing. We were still haunted by
the dreams and the gaping fish of cryptid tourists kept filing in and
asking the same stupid questions over and over like a radio show with
only one bit.

“It’s just a tree,” we kept telling them. “It might be the weird land
around it, but it’s just a tree.” No one ever mentioned the dreams we
were still having or that, even a year later, we were still having them.
We tried to go about our normal lives, just living with that tree on the
edge of our town. Some embraced the “weird tourism” that we were
getting, selling shirts and mugs and whatever else they could. Some
people even started offering “seeds” from the tree (they were just
orange seeds painted black.) It went on like this. People would come
asking, buy stupid little souvenirs and move on. Then, when I was 21,
things changed. Someone didn’t come back.

At first, we thought it was just another tourist checking the site out
and moving on, but he had left his things in the hotel, and his car was
still parked at the edge of the road across from the tree. It was like
he had just disappeared. The dreams changed shortly after the man
vanished. We saw him when we slept, screaming in the bark of the tree,
but none of us ever spoke about it. A strange silent acknowledgment was
all we gave. Everyone, that is, except Frank and Me. Frank had been my
best friend since we were both in diapers, he was the first one to tell
me about the dreams. The first one to reveal that he was seeing similar
darkness from this…thing. Naturally, we had both grown to hate the tree,
and we’d often get together to mess with the cryptid tourists
and “scientists” who decided to “research” the stupid hunk of wood.

We talked at length about what the new dreams could possibly mean, but
neither of us were able to come up any sort of explanation as to why the
dreams suddenly changed. Was it the tree? Was it taunting us? Letting us
know that it was moving on to the next phase of its plan or something?
If that was the case, what was the tree planning? Could a tree plan? We
sounded ridiculous in our speculations. None of it made sense, but
neither did a supernatural tree sending nightmares to an entire town.

So, in our envy, or hate, or whatever you want to call it, we decided to
stop being afraid. One night, we drove out to the field the tree was in,
cracked a few beers and just stared at the fucking thing. All around it,
the ground was dead. Nothing grew and the dirt was thick and muddy, even
though it hadn’t rained for nearly two weeks. As the liquid courage
began to set in, so did the rage. We tossed bottles at the tree,
watching them smash against the bark as though it were nothing, but we
knew the moment we set foot on that muddy earth it we wouldn’t be able
to get close. At least, we thought that would the case.

Frank drunkenly stumbled onto the wet earth, staring down at the mud
under his boots as he began to trudge forward. Stomping toward the tree
angrily. In our own stupor, we watched and cheered him on, urging him
forward…urging him to touch the tree.

He didn’t just lay a hand on the gnarled, scorched bark, he wrapped his
fingers around a low branch and pulled. Still, we egged him on. I don’t
know if it registered to us at the time, or if it actually happened (to
be honest I was pretty sloshed), but I could swear we heard the
tree scream. Like it was in pain. Frank kept pulling on the branch until
we heard it snap, not like wood, but like bone. The branch came free and
Frank slipped, scraping his arm against the tree’s bark. 

He stood up, triumphantly raising the branch into the air. I looked to
where he had torn it from. Thick, red sap had already begun to congeal
around the exposed, blackened wood. Even on the inside, even beneath the
scorched outer layer of the tree, it was that same charred color.

Frank ambled toward us, his trophy in hand. He shook the gnarled thing
at us and laughed as we backed away. “See? It’s just some stupid, ugly
fuckin’ tree.” he slurred. He’d toss the thing into the back of the
truck as we continued to drink and laugh, cursing the stupid, ugly
fuckin’ tree the whole night.

The next day, Frank looked sick. I had come over to his place pretty
early, and the first thing I noticed was the stink. Like a freshly
rotting animal carcass. I checked the back of his truck, expecting to
see a deer or something of the like. What I saw instead was a spot of
rust, shaped just like the branch he had torn off the night before. I
thought it was just a weird coincidence, the truck was pretty old, after
all. So, I continued to the door and knocked as loudly as I could,
mostly because I figured Frank was at least as hung over as I was. 

When he opened the door, he looked hell. His skin was pale with dark
splotches mottling it. His eyes were completely bloodshot, like the
vessels had burst, and his hair was an absolute tangle. He looked to me
and offered a weak smile. “Sorry man, kinda feel like shit today, Don’t
think I’m gonna be goin’ out…” He rubbed the back of his head and
started coughing. I caught sight of the scrape he had suffered the night
before. The scabbing was darker than I had expected, and around the
would was bright red. It looked severely infected.

I didn’t give him an option, I told him we were headed to the hospital.

I was worried, sure, but I figured he’d gotten some kind of nasty
infection off the tree. The thing didn’t exactly look like it wasn’t
just straight up toxic, after all. I was sure that some good antibiotics
and medication would solve his issue. 

As we drove past the field with the tree in it, I felt this strange
dread in the pit of my gut. Like we had violated something, and this was
just the beginning of our punishment.

When I got into town and got Frank checked in to the hospital, a wave of
relief washed over me. I was sure they’d be able to help him. So, I
stayed as long as I could, but eventually I did have to leave. Frank
hadn’t heard back from the doctor’s yet, at least, he hadn’t heard
anything conclusive. They all agreed something was wrong, but his
bloodwork wasn’t showing any issues.

When I finally made it home, I staggered into my place and collapsed on
the couch.

I was haunted by new dreams that night.

Flashes of the tree in the field. A hand, gnarled and crooked, beckoning
forward, and Frank’s screaming face. I shot awake and looked to the
clock, it was around 1 in the morning. I had to know if something had
happened, though. I called the hospital and asked about him, I was told
he was fine, that they couldn’t provide much information about his
condition because I wasn’t immediate family, but that he was resting in
his room and if I wanted to visit I’d be able to come by during regular
hours. 

I was at ease, at least for the time being. Still, something felt off. I
couldn’t quite put my finger on it, but I had this sensation in the pit
of my gut that things weren’t right. I didn’t sleep the rest of the
night, I was too concerned with everything. Where did Frank leave the
branch? Why was his skin all blotchy? What was making him sick? Were
Joey and I at risk as well? What was that rotting smell in the back of
his truck?

When the sun had risen, I was still staring at a blank computer screen,
trying to figure out how best to continue my investigation. Should I
call someone? Would that just spike the investigative fervor of
journalists again? Would we end up back where we began with this tree?

I needed to clear my head, and I needed to make sure Frank was alright.
So, I hopped back into my car and drove to the hospital. At least, I
would’ve if I didn’t need to air the thing out first. As soon as I
opened the door, the stink of rot hit me like a bus. Sickly sweet, the
scent of overripe fruit and dying animals. I gagged and staggered away,
staring at my car through teary eyes.

There, in the passenger seat, was a stain. Vaguely human shaped, like
someone had been sitting there. It wasn’t just a stain, though. It was
like the fabric had started to rot away. It was where Frank had sat
before I took him to the hospital.

Dread sank like a stone into my gut, weighing me down as I tried to air
out the car. Eventually, I just gave up and sped toward the hospital as
fast as I could. When I arrived in town, I checked in with the visitor’s
desk and inquired about my friend.

The desk clerk checked her files and shook her head. “I’m sorry, it
seems your friend was transferred to the ICU. He’s in a clean room.
You’re not going to be able to visit him.”

I looked at her, aghast. “What do you mean? He came in with an
infection, not a virus.”

The woman simply kept her eyes on the computer screen, refusing to look
at me. “I can’t really provide any medical information.”

I growled and shook my head. “Listen, his mom and dad are dead. I’ve
been friends with him since we were babies. I’m…not family, but
I’m family.” I don’t know why I tried to plead a case with this person,
but I needed to know more.

She sighed and looked me over. I was haggard, the lost sleep on my face
was apparent. “His infection seems to have gotten worse.” she said
quietly.

“You can…visit where he is, but you won’t be allowed inside.”

That was good enough for me. I thanked her, gathered myself and headed
over to the ICU.

I was escorted to where they were keeping Frank, and while I wasn’t
allowed into the room with him, I was able to see him from a collection
of windows.

His skin had gone from pale and mottled to nearly charcoal black. He was
covered in broken, oozing lesions the leaked a viscous red fluid. His
breathing was ragged, and he didn’t seem with it. As I stare at him,
only one thought passed my mind. The branch. He was turning into a part
of the tree. That nightmare we’d had all those years ago about the
investigator wasn’t a nightmare, it was a vision. The tree was warning
us what would happen if we got too close, and now? Now Frank was being
turned into a part of the fucking tree.

The doctors tried to explain it away, spoke about it like some advanced
infection they couldn’t figure out, but I knew different. I knew this
was the Tree. I knew it was punishing us for messing with
it…for hurting it.

I didn’t sleep again that night. I sat in my car across from the field
and stared at the tree for what must’ve been hours. I never approached
it, never moved. I just watched it. Expecting something. Some kind of
change in its mannerisms, movement, fucking anything. The Tree just
stood there, alone in the field and surrounded by death. The stench of
rot clung to my nostrils. The scent of decay I had smelled in the truck
and from my own car’s passenger seat. A taunting reminded of what was
happening to my best friend, to my brother.

Frank died at 4:36 am.

I was already broken by the time I got the call. I knew he wasn’t going
to survive. I knew the tree was going to take him away from me. I went
to the hospital at around 3 in the afternoon, after passing out in my
car for…I don’t even know how long. When I arrived the doctor’s were
hesitant to talk with me, like there was a piece of information they
were trying to hide. Eventually it came out. Frank’s body was missing.
The morgue couldn’t locate him, and there was no security footage to
show where he went. All that remained of my best friend was a gurney
that had shown signs of rusting and a decayed covering sheet. When I
spoke with the attendant he mentioning the smell of decaying meat, like
roadkill left out in the sun. The same smell that had continued to haunt
me since I took Frank in.

I didn’t know what to. Didn’t know what to say or who to talk to. Frank
had lost most of his family in a traffic accident four years ago and had
lived on his own since. People would check in on him, make sure he was
ok, but he didn’t really have anyone who cared about him anymore.
Anyone, that is, except me. Now he was gone. Taken by a fucking tree for
the sin of breaking its branches. 

I sat in my car far longer than I should’ve. It was dark by the time I
had come to my decision. Deep into the night by the time I arrived at
the field with the axe. I wasn’t as surprised as I should’ve been when I
saw a second tree in the field. I wasn’t shocked when I saw the first
with its branch back in place. I was furious. Stomping to the first
tree, I raised the axe above my head and swung. As the blade connected
with bark, I heard the shrill sound of screaming. Not even the dread
sitting in the pit of my gut, the fear, fatigue, and weariness that
started to cling to my bones could slow me. I swung again and again
untill that fucking first tree fell. Even as the screaming grew louder
and louder, even as the blood red sap began to ooze and pool at my feet.
I watched with morbid fascination as the tree fell to the earth, and as
I looked down at the bloodied stump I saw the first thing that caused me
to hesitate. There, in the center of the blackened wood were two
perfectly round white circles. Like a pair of leg bones.

I choked back the urge to vomit. Choked back the fear that I had somehow
just attacked my best friend with an axe. Frank was dead. Whatever
that thing was, it wasn’t him. Even if it had been before. I let the
rage overtake me again, and I turned my attention to the Bleeding Tree.
The original Bleeding Tree. I stomped toward it, fighting with every
step as I approached. I raised that felling axe again and I swung. The
tree let out a scream, animal and monstrous. Like a struck dog howling
intertwined with the death cries of a deer. I ignored the sound as best
as I could and I kept swinging. The tree sprayed me with that same red
sap, coated me in its blood, and still I swung. 

I don’t remember what happened the rest of that night. I remember waking
up in my car, covered in that blood red sap. I remember looking out into
the field and for the first time not seeing the tree. The only evidence
it even existed was the muddied spot it had once stood. The stench of
rot and decay clung to me as I drove home, but a shower rid me of the
stink fairly quickly.

This happened two years ago. Since then, the town has been quiet. No
nightmares, no tourists, nothing. Just the denizens of my home living
their lives as normally as they could. We were finally free.

God, I wish that were the end. I wish this story ended on happy note
with me saying “Yeah I cut the fucking trees down and everyone lived
happily ever after.” But I’d be a liar.

Two days ago, I started hearing some of the folks in town complaining
about mysterious scabs. Said they were dark…like too dark. Black even.
Then,after getting out of the shower that same day, I noticed something.
A scab on my rib, no larger than a dime, but it was a deep black and
when I ran my finger over it…it felt like tree bark.
