“Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your time. Lufthansa Flight 841
for San Francisco is now ready for boarding at Gate 17” The lady over
the speakers announced. “That’s my flight” I thought to myself. I
grabbed my suitcase, standing up to go to my gate. I was going to San
Francisco for a week to see my mother. I told this to my girlfriend,
Kayla, which resulted in an argument about how I spend less time with
her and more time with my family. She clearly didn’t understand my
father passed away, and she didn’t know that because she was an orphan.

I got to my gate, getting in line close to the door. I showed my ticket
to the flight attendant. “Enjoy your flight, Mr. Suarez” She said to me
as she handed me my ticket back and boarded the plane. I located my
seat, and as I reached it, a big guy came into my way. I bumped into
him, and by his height and physique, I knew he meant business. I noticed
the man had the same suitcase as mine. But I knew which one was mine.
“Hey, kid! Watch where you’re going! You don’t wanna mess with me”
“I-I’m sorry” I began to plead quickly, not wanting to make a scene and
get kicked off. I bent down and handed him his suitcase which he then
put in the overhead bin above my seat. I put mine in there aswell, and I
went to sit by the window. Then I realised quickly that the big guy was
my neighbour for the next five hours. How fun.

The flight was pretty uneventful. We got lunch, there was a crying baby,
because why wouldn’t there be? And the guy infront of me moved his chair
right on my chest. Besides that, it was pretty normal. We arrived in San
Francisco by around 3. I got up, grabbed my suitcase, left the airport,
and got in a taxi. We drove to my mother’s house where she was waiting
for me outside, as I had texted her to do before I got there. I hugged
my mum, happy to see one another again after some time. I headed into my
childhood room, seeing it still in the same condition since I left for
college. Just before I could rest on my bed, I turned on the TV to see
what was on. I saw the news was reporting a murder that took place in my
state.

“Breaking News. We are reporting a murder taking place in Louisiana. 23
year old Kayla Hines was found mutilated and in pieces at Grand Royal
Hotel in San Francisco. The prime suspect, 37 year old Paul Ramsey, had
her remains inside the suitcase when he arrived. He claimed that he
never knew the victim, and that this wasn’t his suitcase. We are still
investigating this and we will continue to update if anything else comes
up” Seeing this, I immediately checked my suitcase to see. Opening it, I
noticed that the stuff in it was not anything I packed. “Shit! I must
have accidentally took that other guys suitcase when I left” I thought.
Then, I smiled. “Well, it’s not my problem anymore. Kayla is his problem
now”.
