This all started when I got divorced. She got the house, the car, and
all our assets. I got the dog. Go figure. At least we didn’t have kids.
I don’t have any malicious feelings towards her, especially now, but at
the time I wanted to get as far away from her as I could. What is
farther from the Midwest than Appalachia? I thought it was a great
idea. 

After the divorce was finalized and I gave her my arm and leg, I lived
with my folks for a while before being able to get a car. I was able to
find a job out here pretty well due to my experience in marketing and I
found an auto auction company here that was aching for someone with my
expertise. My job, thank God, was really understanding and even threw me
a going away party on my last day, which was a pleasant surprise from
the really crappy recent events. I managed to make a lot of headway on
my drive out here, mostly because I had a few boxes of clothes,
important documents, and a few miscellaneous items that my ex didn’t rip
from me. The only reason I kept my dog, Suzie, is because she was mine
from before we were engaged. 

I arrived at my new place, which was relatively cheap with my good
credit, almost a week before I had to be at my new job. When I arrived
in town, I picked up some essentials before meeting with the real estate
agent to get the keys to my new place. We had Zoomed so I could see the
place before I moved out here, so I kind of already knew what I was
getting myself into. The ruralness was much more relaxing than the chaos
of where I come from. 

“Pleasure to finally meet you, Steven!” the agent said. 

“The pleasure is mine. Thanks for holding this down for me until I got
here!” I responded. I was almost drowned out by Suzie barking from my
passenger seat. 

“Quite the feisty pup you have, don’t ya?” he asked me with a smirk. 

“Yeah, but she’s honestly a sweetheart. She likes to think she’s tough,
but I’ve seen her run from a kitten because it hissed at her,” I
responded. We both laughed as he handed me the keys. 

“I would urge you to caution there with your hound,” he said in a more
serious tone, “We’ve been having a few incidents recently where animals
go missing; dogs, cats, and livestock too. Usually they just disappear
and the owners simply can’t find them. Other times they’re found in much
worse shape and no longer with us if you get my meaning.” 

“My goodness,” I said back. “What do they think has been doing it?” 

“They don’t rightly know,” he said with a shrug. “Most consider wolves,
but I haven’t known even a pack of wolves to drag off whole cows without
breaking the fence. But let’s not worry too much about all that. It’s
been about two weeks without any of that, so many think they wandered
off since. I ain’t fixing to have you speed off before you start moving
your belongings in!” 

I smiled and nodded. Suzie might be old, but she is a Cane Corso and if
shoved in a corner, I know she could do a bit of damage. I waved the
real estate agent off as he went and started moving my few items into my
new home. I managed to snag an air mattress from a local store and blew
it up before taking Suzie to use the bathroom. Due to the warnings, I
kept her on a leash while doing so. 

The first few days and nights were pretty typical; I just did a bit of
shopping for essentials and grabbed a good mattress, partly because
Suzie was tired of not sleeping directly next to me and ended up popping
the air mattress in an attempt to snuggle. 

I went for coffee with my new boss named Riece. He and I discussed my
position, how it compared to my previous position back west, and also
the local area and some good spots to hit up. After coffee, I decided to
take Suzie on a walk on a local trail in the woods that Riece told me
was popular. 

It was about 2pm in the middle of September at this point, so it was
just starting to get a bit brisk outside. I have always been a bit of a
baby when it comes to the cold, so even though where I come from is
usually pretty cool, I needed a sweater. Suzie loved it as well as the
attention she got from passers by. She has always been a friendly dog,
but most people get a bit freaked out when they see a dog her size
running up to them as she is a bit bigger for her breed. 

I kept her on a leash the whole time which she was fine with as she has
been leash trained since she was a puppy. She usually didn’t pull
either, but a new environment caused her to be a bit more adventurous
than usual, so at times she was the one directing us where to go rather
than myself. 

About a mile and a half into the path, Suzie perked her head up and her
nose went to the air as she started sniffing around. She started pulling
harder and harder as she started following the scent of something. 

“Suzie! Suzie heel!” I started yelling. She is trained to listen, but
whatever she smelled was much more compelling than my command. She
eventually led us off the trail and about 50 or 60 yards into the woods.
I was pulling with almost all my strength to get my dog to stop pulling,
but she was choking herself in order to get to whatever it was that she
wanted. 

She stopped at a large tree in the woods. It was like any other, but
Suzie began smelling it like crazy. She was circling the tree back and
forth, getting on her hind legs to smell up the trunk, and she was just
obsessed with this tree. I was exhausted at this point and had my limits
with my dog’s disobedience. I went to grab her by the collar when I
stumbled over something. I looked down and saw a backpack that had been
ripped open, torn is a better word for it, and its contents were strewn
within a 6 foot radius around us. Shirts, pants, toiletries, everything
one would need for a hike really. The bag also smelled awful, like it
was dipped in a mixture of piss and dead animal parts. Suzie started
smelling it herself, and it seemed to be scented with the same thing
that was on the tree that she was obsessed with. 

The bag was also covered in what could only be dried blood, which
concerned me greatly. It took everything for me to try to get Suzie away
from it. After fighting with her, she went back to the tree. I did kick
the bag around so as to not have to touch it, looking for something to
fall out like a wallet or something so I could see if I could find any
identification as to whose it could be. A few items did fall from the
bag such as a snapback hat, some granola bars, and a used pair of
socks. 

I started looking around the clothes that had been thrown around the
ground, but there was nothing in them either. At least those clothes
didn’t totally smell as awful as the bag and tree. 

I decided to inform the authorities once I reached my car as the cell
service was abysmal in the woods. I yanked hard on Suzie’s leash and
told her to come, which she did after she added her own scent to the
ground around the tree. As she came, I kicked the bag once again by
accident. As I did, something small and somewhat shiny flew out. 

I went over and picked it up. It was a silver dog whistle. I turned it
around in my hand, making note of its surprising detail. It was adorned
with engravings and symbols, which is very uncommon with dog whistles.
It had two pentagrams on either side, a small design of a moon cycle on
its top, and a wooden mouthpiece to blow from. I figured that whoever
the owner is would likely not need it anymore, and I thought it would do
Suzie some good if she was going to start acting like she was, so I put
it in my pocket and led Suzie out of the woods and back to our vehicle. 

The police took my statement and I showed them where the bag was. I
provided my contact information in case they had any other questions and
then headed home as they started to cordon it off as an active crime
scene. I got home around 7pm after the stress of the afternoon. I made
dinner and then took Suzie outside so she could use the bathroom. We
didn’t have a fenced in back yard, but there was a distinction between
my yard and the woods that surrounded my home. I took the safe bet and
kept Suzie on a leash, but it was one of the extending ones that you
could lock so it couldn’t extend past a certain point. 

I decided this was as good a time as any to try the new whistle. I had
cleaned it up earlier in the sink and disinfected it. I allowed Suzie to
go out about 15 feet ahead of me on the leash, then I blew it. She
didn’t even pick up her head. I blew harder again. Still nothing. I
rolled my eyes. I put it in my pocket and called her back verbally,
which she obeyed instantly. 

“Now you want to be a good dog,” I laughed. We went inside and I placed
the whistle on the counter top before getting changed for bed and
watching some TV while Suzie laid beside me. I ended up falling asleep
soon after. 

I woke up a few hours later to the sound of snapping coming from my
backyard. I walked over to my kitchen which exited to the backyard and
turned on the light. As I did so, I heard something rush away from my
backdoor. When I say rush I do not mean like a raccoon, I mean like a
clydesdale with how heavy the steps were. They were much more rapid than
a horse’s would be, however. I walked over to my back door and turned on
the outside light. There was nothing in the yard that I could see, but
it did look like someone had dug holes in the yard. I looked around and
saw that my plastic trashcan had been torn apart like cardboard. Luckily
there was nothing in there but a small bag of fast food containers from
the last few nights and while the bag was ripped open, the containers
were mostly all in one place by the trashcan. I sighed and looked around
the yard more as I picked up the few containers that were scattered, and
what I saw dumbfounded me. 

The holes in the yard were not just holes, but animal tracks. These were
the biggest animal tracks I have ever seen, and it looked as if
something large had dug up the ground as it was running. The actual
prints were about the size of my head and there were distinct claw-like
ends to the prints which caused the ground to be uprooted. The size
itself ruled out both a mountain lion and wolves, and the claws were
much larger than any bear as they measured almost the length of the paw
they were connected to. I started to follow the tracks, but realized
they led out into the woods beyond my property line. I looked out into
the woods with my phone flashlight to see if I could see what made them,
as if I would do anything to an animal with tracks that size. I saw
nothing in the trees out beyond my property, but did have an unsettling
feeling in my stomach. The feeling you get when you know you are being
watched but don’t know what from. I cut my losses and went back inside,
having to avoid the tracks while I went as they were deep enough to trip
and twist my ankle in. I just then realized I never checked on Suzie. 

I called her name and looked around the house for her. I ended up
smelling something foul within my home and did my best to follow the
scent without gagging too much. I found Suzie laying whimpering and
shaking by the front door with a puddle of piss close around her. I
scolded her and dragged her away from the door, having to pull her
through the puddle as I did which just infuriated me more. I cleaned up
the puddle and cleaned her belly before going back to bed. 

I called the police again to come check out the tracks in the morning,
who brought a game warden with them due to the nature of my call. I led
them to my back yard where the game warden and police started
investigating the tracks and the damage. Obviously I was not so
concerned about getting a new trashcan as I was about what kind of beast
was roaming around my home in the wee hours of the morning. The game
warden was measuring the tracks and wiping his head with his sleeve
despite it not being much warmer than 65 degrees out at that time of
day. I overheard the police officers muttering to one another. 

“These are the same kind that we found at the old Robinson farm, and the
Oliver farm ’fore that one,” said one of the officers.

“Yeah, I know,” said the other. 

“But why would we find them here? There ain’t no livestock ’round here
in the woods.” The other officer shot him a glance of acknowledgement.
The warden stood up and got up real close to the officers. 

“These are no bear, no lion, and no wolf,” the warden said softly to
them in a hushed tone. “They also match the ones we saw last month at
them farms.” 

“So we shot all them wolves for nothing?” said the first officer. The
game warden squeezed the center of his eyes in stress. 

“It wasn’t for nothing. It made the killings stop, didn’t they?”
responded the warden. 

“I ain’t no expert, but you don’t have to be one to know that if them
are wolf tracks; that wolf is the size of a F150,” said the second
officer. 

“The hind tracks indicate that it is, while very large, a wolf,”
responded the warden. 

“And the front tracks?” asked the second officer. The warden said
nothing and turned to look back at the tracks and where they led. I
peeked around them and confirmed what they were saying. There were, what
seemed, to be two different tracks. There were large tracks that were
indeed very clearly from a wolf which I didn’t see last night within the
larger, clawed tracks. 

“It seemed to be running on all fours towards the woods,” the warden
said out loud. “The tracks indicate that it ran much like a canine, a
dog or wolf, from your back door down into there,” he said as he pointed
into the woods. “We likely have a stray wolf or a large dog. I wouldn’t
be surprised as we did thin out the population recently, so they are
likely skittish and scavenging for food while trying to survive alone. I
wouldn’t worry much, sir. They likely are far from here. Wolves seldom
stay in one spot if they are alone, so this one is probably out looking
for a mate miles from here.” Knowing I likely wouldn’t get a straight
answer from them, I nodded and thanked them for coming. I filled the
holes with dirt the best I could and went about my day. I called it a
night early as my first day of work was the next day. 

The next day Riece walked me around the office, got me acquainted with
my coworkers, then showed me my office and let me get to work. The day
went by quickly, which I liked very much, plus Riece bought us lunch as
well. After work I came home to Suzie jumping all over me barking. I got
her a bowl of food and made myself some microwavable food from my
freezer. 

As I was watching it mindlessly as it spun in my microwave, I heard
barking from my living room. Suzie was facing the front door barking
nervously. I went over to the window and looked out to find dozens of
what seemed to be dogs all over my front lawn and driveway. I stepped in
front of Suzie and went outside then shut the door behind me so she
couldn’t get out, even though she did try to push past me. I started
yelling to try to scare the dogs away when I realized something; they
weren’t dogs. They were large, black wolves; all of which simply looked
at me with yellow eyes. They started snarling and growling at me. I
started to back up and went to open my door when I looked across the
lawn and saw one of the wolves that was just beyond the treeline staring
at me yet not snarling or growling. It slowly started to walk on all
fours towards me, which allowed the full moon to illuminate it much
better, showing me that it was much larger than all the others. It had
long, muscular arms instead of legs in the front and wolf legs in the
back. Just then it stopped and stood on its hind legs. It was large,
about 12 feet tall standing up right, clad in dark black fur and
piercing yellow eyes. It pinned its ears back and raised its nose to the
sky and howled loudly towards the moon, which all the normal wolves
followed in unison. It then looked back at me and with a growl it shot
forward and started charging towards me, darting in between the wolves
and tearing up the dirt in the front yard. 

“Oh fuck no,” I said loudly as I ran inside and slammed the door behind
me. “Suzie, ge–” was all I could make out before I was thrown through my
living room and slammed hard into my tile floor in the kitchen where I
slid to the backdoor. The beast had completely blown through my door. It
rushed towards me and stood up again to strike me with its large claws.
At this moment, Suzie jumped and latched on to the creature’s arm. The
beast picked up the arm that Suzie was attached to and gripped her by
the throat, tearing her off of the arm. It started snarling and choking
Suzie, making her let out a choking yelp. I didn’t know what to do so I
reached up on the counter and got the first thing I could grab. I ended
up grabbing the whistle and with all my might I charged the beast and
stabbed the whistle into its right eye. The beast dropped Suzie and let
out a loud cry and reared back as I tore the whistle from its eye
socket, where there was a large amount of blood and smoke where the eye
used to be. The beast turned and plowed through my living room and
through my front window in a matter of 2 seconds. I followed and ran to
my window where I saw it run across my yard and into the woods, the
wolves following behind. 

I went back to Suzie who was laying on the ground not moving. I checked
on her and she was breathing but obviously injured. I threw her in my
car and drove her to an emergency vet in town. I explained that we were
attacked by wolves and that I was beat up but okay, but she needed help.
They took her in promptly and let me know they were going to call the
authorities so I could give a statement due to the issues of wolves in
the town lately. I met with the officer and a game warden, the same
warden that came to my house earlier. 

“So how many wolves would you say there were?” asked the warden. 

“Probably a dozen, maybe more,” I responded. I wasn’t going to inform
them that the real culprit was from a Universal movie. The vet came out
shortly after while the warden and police officer were speaking. 

“She will need to stay overnight due to the injuries just so we can
monitor her. She should be good to go tomorrow though,” they said. I
nodded and made sure I was good to leave with the police and game
warden. They assured me it would be taken care of. Damn right it was,
and it was going to be by me. 

I went home and got to searching. I remembered my mom had gotten me a
set of genuine silver cutlery as a wedding gift years ago, one of the
only other things my ex didn’t take in the divorce. I grabbed a large
knife from it as well as the whistle which I had in my pocket and went
out and followed the path of blood into the woods. 

It was about 3 am at this point according to my phone. I followed the
path of blood to a clearing where there were no trees. I couldn’t see
any wolves due to the moon being obscured by clouds, but I could hear
them and sense their gaze. I kept making my way towards the center of
the clearing when I saw something in the middle. I took out the knife
and raised it up while I kept my phone light on it. As I was about to be
on top of it and drive the knife into it I stopped. Looking down was not
the beast from earlier that night, but my real estate agent who got me
my house. He hadn’t seen me yet as he was laying naked on his left side,
and his right eye socket was bloody and missing the eye. 

“What the fuck,” I said quietly. He looked up at me with his good eye
and it got wide.”

“Steven! What are you doing here! Why are you here? You need to fucking
leave right the hell now!” he started to yell.

“What do you me–” I tried saying as he stood up and started to push me
with surprising strength. 

“You need to leave! You need to leave now! You gotta ge–” he started to
gag and choke and his pupil got wide. I looked up and saw that the
clouds dissipated and the moon was bare and bright. 

I backed away from him as he started screaming and convulsing as his eye
turned from brown to yellow. His face started to distort as his limbs
started to lengthen with a loud crack and snap. His bones and skin
extended in painful form, and his skin rapidly started growing long
black fur. His nails grew and sharpened as his hands and feet grew to
ungodly proportions. He turned to his stomach as I saw his tailbone
burst through his lower back painfully as it grew and sprouted muscle,
skin, and black fur. He rolled back over and arched as his spine and
ribs cracked and grew to take his bestial form. His nose and mouth
extended and snapped into a snout and long canines grew where his teeth
should have been. His brow hardened and became more pronounced as his
ears grew and morphed into a wolf’s in an agonizing display. After the
transformation was complete, it laid there on his stomach breathing
heavily. I took a short step forward and it reared up on its knees and
let out a loud howl towards the cause of its mutation. 

I got a sense of myself and came at the monster with the knife. As I
went to thrust the blade into it, it spun and swatted me away with its
enormous hand like a gnat. The impact of me falling caused the knife and
phone to be thrown from my hands. The beast jumped on top of me and held
me down as it snarled on top of me. I managed to get a hand free and
reached in my pocket for the only object I had left, the whistle. I
brought it to my mouth right as the monster was about to clamp down on
my neck. As I did, I saw out of my peripheral vision the monster’s pupil
go large and it jumped back and started rolling around on the ground
covering its ears whimpering. I heard the other wolves crying and
running away from the scene as well. The taste of the beast’s blood from
when I jabbed the whistle into its eye socket earlier was still on the
mouthpiece, making the taste worse than anything I have experienced. I
ignored the taste and kept blowing over and over, causing the beast to
roll around growling and howling in pain. 

I made my way to the knife and picked it up. As I did the monster got up
and charged me with such ferocity I barely had time to react. It jumped
and opened its jaws to end me, but I raised the knife and stuck it into
its lower jaw and up into its head. The beast and I fell and rolled over
one another. I stood up and looked, and in the moonlight I could see the
beast twitching and gargling with smoking pouring out of its mouth. I
rushed over and ripped the knife from its lower jaw and started stabbing
it over and over again, with each new wound more smoke and blood poured
out. Eventually it went limp and its eye rolled up into its head. I
heard loud cracking and breaking as its form shifted back into its human
self, with all the painful sounds that it had when it changed into its
wolf form. There laid the dead real estate agent, filled with knife
wounds and a missing eye. I decided that I needed to leave the scene as
soon as I could, so I found my phone and made my way out of the woods
almost on autopilot, dissociating from the events that transpired. 

I staggered to my house and fell asleep on my floor. I woke up around
11am from a missed call from the vet saying Suzie was ready to be picked
up. I cleaned myself up and drove to get her. The vet tech brought me in
to see her, and she sniffed me then whimpered and growled at me as she
retreated to the back of the cage. 

“Suzie, it’s me! It’s daddy!” I said with a soft voice. She kept
snarling and wouldn’t let me touch her. It took 2 vet techs to carry her
out to my car. I hopped in the front seat and drove home with her as far
as me as she could get. I got out and opened the door, backing up so she
could feel comfortable. She took her time then rushed past me and into
the house. I went in and gave her space. 

A month went by. I have since fixed the door and window, but Suzie still
won’t get near me. She has eaten sparingly, but never when I am around.
She stays literally on the other side of the house as me at all times,
and whenever we are in the same room, she growls and snarls until she
can get away. 

I write this as I do not know what else to do. I have noticed myself
getting more and more irritable in the last few months. Riece had to
send me home yesterday because I lashed out at a coworker. The moon
looks like it has gotten bigger over the last week and it’s been making
me sweat. It feels like it’s beckoning me. I just looked outside and saw
a pack of wolves in my lawn. I am breathing heavily and my body is
aching. 

I don’t know if anything is going to happen, but if it does please
someone take care of Suzie. She is a good girl.
