I never really was a big fan of caving, from what I had seen on tv and
the internet it was scary and dangerous, in my mind it was just
pointless to do because you would most likely die in the process.

During my 24th birthday, me and a couple of friends decided to go
caving. I somehow gathered up enough courage and thought it could be a
fun experience for all of us.

A few of my friends had been caving before but only 2-3 times at most,
they had the proper gear so we went to a relatively safe cave in a
popular wooded area near town. the cave was in a pretty rocky area next
to a a few tall mountains, after getting some good footing we went into
the cave.

Since none of us were exactly experts we all thought it was kinda
intimidating, there wasn’t really an opening, it was kinda just a hole
in the floor with a (small) but still scary drop.

Walking further we saw went into a large cavern with three spiraling
paths, we split up for a bit exploring through each of them, a lot of
them just leaded to dead ends or caverns too small for any of us to
crawl through, so we took a bigger one in the side of a wall.
there wasn’t a lot of “rooms” in this cave, in was mostly just tunnels
and crawl spaces, very cramped and claustrophobic.

it was getting late and we decided to leave the cave after about an hour
or two in there, after the party was over i thought that the caving was
fun and that I could go on more.

I picked available times and me and my friends went through some more,
sometimes I would bring my dad or brothers but other than that it was
mainly my friends.

I won’t go into the other caving experiences too much because not a lot
of things happened, or at least anything important.
Recently I wanted to go in another cave, but it seemed everyone was
either busy or away, so I had to cave solo for the first time.

Since I had some more experience I wanted to go into a more difficult
cave, and I landed on phoenix cave, a very long cave known for its very
cramped and stringy paths.

Since phoenix park, the place where the cave is located, is near the end
of town and I’m from the middle of town it took about 30 minutes to
about an hour to get there, I got my equipment on and went into the
cave.

It had more of an open entrance unlike the first one I went to, it was
more like a staircase that got a bit more steeper the more you went
down.
eventually after going down the “staircase”, I was met with a very long
hallway that got smaller and smaller as I went, eventually having to get
down and start crawling through the tunnels.

It seemed like they went on for miles, so much so that sometimes I
thought like I was going in loops. It was getting late and I was tired,
but every time I tried to go back i always got lost. I remembered
something about a second exit at the end of the cave, so I thought that
if I could make it to the end I could get out and finally leave this
damn cave.

As I went on I started to hear water rushing throughout the cave, i
continued crawling through and eventually saw that the tunnel got a bit
bigger, and that the floor was filled with about an inch or two of
water, nothing I hadn’t seen before. The tunnel got bigger and bigger
before it actually opened up to a room, it was such a pleasant surprise
that i actually started calming down and recollecting my thoughts.

After taking a break for a bit, I went further hoping that the exit was
close, my map of the cave had been completely ruined by the water, as it
got deeper the further the farther you got.
I could only make out a few areas of the map, but the end of the cave
where the exit was had been smeared around, so I had to continue.
The only way to continue from the room was a fairly big tunnel, about
enough height for me to crouch down and walk through.
The water started to quit flowing as I went and the tunnel got a bit
bigger, enough for me to stop crouching.

As I went on, the cave started getting eerily quiet, I was already tired
and exhausted, so I was pretty out on edge because of this, sure lots of
caves are quite, but the air felt almost dead, like everything was
frozen in time.

Then I started hearing scratching noises, like long nails against rocks.
It startled me, sure I had heard and seen animals in caves plenty of
times, but this didn’t sound like anything an animal would make. It
sounded too loud and strange for it to be an animal.

Bones were scattered across the floor, I couldn’t make out if they were
human or animal, but it looked more like an animal.

I didn’t want to continue, I didn’t know what it was or who it was but I
knew that it wasn’t friendly, but I knew I had to continue.
If I went back I would just get lost again, the only way for me to leave
was to get to the end.

Then I saw it.

Its limbs were long and spindly, the body was so malnourished that you
could see the outlines of bone. Its face was deformed and resembled the
face of a canine more than anything.

The eyes were like dark pits of void, it almost looked blind from far
away. It didn’t come after me immediately, it turned its head when I
came close to it and started at me for a few seconds before it reached
its hand out seemingly trying to grab me.

I ran through the hallway and past that creature, and it followed.

It moved shakily, like it hadn’t moved for years, yet it moved about the
same speed as me. It tried grabbing me a few times before i found the
staircase up into the surface.

After reaching the staircase it stopped, probably not wanting to be seen
by anyone. I ended up a few miles away from where I started, I took off
my gear and walked back to my car, I was so disturbed and disoriented it
felt like a walk of shame for some reason.

It was extremely late and I felt so exhausted and scared that I
physically couldn’t even drive, so I had to sleep in my car that night.

I woke up the next day at around 11, I drove home and took a shower
before thinking about the night before. I thought about calling my
friends and talking about it but hesitated.

I’ve decided to post this incident here, I don’t use Reddit much but i
thought that people would read this and hear about my experience, I
guess this is also a way to get this off my chest.
