‘The Children’s Play Area is Closed’.

It’s a simple sign. Black text on white laminated paper; with the
fast-food chain’s logo in the bottom right corner.

The restaurant is closed, now. Silvery starlight filters in through the
wall-sized windows all around us. The peeling posters, and the various
stands and trash-bins cast overlapping and curious shadows.

It wasn’t hard to break in. Would you believe they didn’t even bother to
lock the doors?

​

The restaurant stands essentially alone along one of America’s longest,
most forested stretches of highway. There’s an unmanned gas-station
opposite. One lone flickering neon bar is the station’s only source of
light. It casts a watery, pale blue aura across the pumps.

A line of far-spaced and skeletal transmission towers stretch away above
the tree-tops in a straight line in both directions, perpendicular to
the road. But in terms of man-made structures, that’s pretty much it.

​

There are no streetlamps. No buildings. Just sprawling, endless forest.
Silver-tinted pines in the darkness.

​

I turn my attention from the view outside, back to the restaurant
interior.

Eliza is fiddling with the locked door. The one with the sign on it.

​

‘The Children’s Play Area is Closed’.

​

Her tongue sticks out from her mouth at an angle and her eyebrows are
furrowed.

“Come on…” she mutters to herself, adjusting her little toolset.

“Do you think you can open it?” I ask her.

“Oh, I’ll be able to open it”, she replies. “Just thought I’d have it by
now..”

​

It’s okay, we’re not in any particular rush.

But still… I think to myself, glancing once again through the windows.

​

The woods stretch away, out into the darkness.

​

We’ve stopped here three times, Eliza and I. En-route to our actual
destinations. The first time was about six months ago. Stopped for food.

Second time was just before Christmas. That’s when we noticed that the
sign was still up. We had some idle chitchat about it.

Third time was last week. We stopped for gas, and I made us come in to
see if the sign was still up. And of course, it was.

Throw in the knowledge that someone supposedly DIED here, discovered by
Eliza during a late night forum search, and that was our interest well
and truly piqued. We were hooked. And so we find ourselves back here
once again, creeping around in the middle of the night.

Snooping.

We live for stuff like this, Eliza and I.

​

I rest against a nearby counter and admire the artwork on the walls as
Eliza continues muttering to herself.

…I use the terms ‘admire’, and ‘artwork’ quite loosely.

Most of the walls are just glass; affording a view to the forest beyond.
But of those that are solid, crude cartoon characters have been painted
across them. Off-color Loony Tunes clones. One of them looks like it
could be a Super Mario character. I don’t know. They look weird in the
dark.

…Their expressions don’t seem quite so clear.

…Like they’re less happy to be here, almost.

​

I look away.

​

The door clicks.

“Gotcha”, Eliza murmurs, looking up at me with a shine in her eyes. She
reaches up for the handle and gently pulls, and with a creak, the door
starts to drift open.

​

This must be the murder scene, surely, if someone did indeed die here
once upon a time.

​

We’ve searched the rest of the place, and hell, why would they keep a
perfectly good play-area all locked up for so long unless they had
something to hide?

“That’s no guarantee”, Eliza had replied one evening with a shake of her
head. “Could just be a health and safety thing. Maintenance costs, or
whatever”.

“Yeah but that’s boring”, I’d replied. “Far too boring to be true”.

…It was only a joke, but, it seems now like I might have been right.

​

Eliza and I stare, open-mouthed as the door opens all the way up.

Beyond it, and draped in shadow and dust, is a pretty standard looking
kids’ play-zone. Foam-padded poles create a structure in which a child
could climb, there’s a plexiglass dome window sticking out from one of
the upper levels and a couple of slides. These are not what draws our
attention, however.

What fascinates us about the scene ahead is the bizarre staircase in the
floor. Revealed by an open panel of flooring. Leading down into darkness
deeper still.

​

“What the fuck is this…?” Eliza murmurs, stepping closer.

“Jesus”, I echo, stepping to the edge and peering down. I look back to
Eliza. “I mean, we’re going down, right?”

She rolls her eyes. “Uh, yeah we’re going down. Come on. Let’s do this”.

And so we do. With one final cautious look back into the empty
restaurant, we descend the stairs. They’re pretty narrow, so we go in
single file, with me at the front. My flashlight illuminates the way
ahead.

Down we go.

​

Down, down.

​

The sound of our breathing becomes louder in the enclosed space.

​

The stairs go forwards and backwards, but always down. Deeper and deeper
and further and further below the surface.

​

“Kind of freaked out about this, not gonna lie”, I mutter to her.

“Pussy”, she replies, but she feels the same, I can hear it in her
voice.

​

The stairs do of course eventually come to an end.

They lead us into a dark and cavernous, subterranean hall. Everything
structural is black. There are black pillars between random stretches of
black wall. The floor is cold, black concrete, and where the gaps
through the pillars and walls allow us to see, there is nothing.

I shine the flashlight all around me.

…I cannot see the ‘edge’.

​

I try to force a laugh, but cold sweat buds on the back of my neck.
Eliza takes a step closer to me, I feel her shoulder against my arm.

“This is messed up, Xavier”, she says quietly. “Is this some kind of
basement? Storage..? Why are the ceilings so high? Why is it so deep
below the ground?”

“I don’t know”, I reply, stepping up to the nearest stretch of wall.
Something has caught my eye. A faded, dank-stained piece of paper with
some scribbled color across it.

​

I peer closer.

​

…It’s a drawing.

​

“Xavier-” Eliza begins, but she doesn’t finish.

The drawing is crude. Made using block-color crayons.

It depicts a family.

A man and a woman, and between them, holding their hands, a kid. A girl,
by the looks of it. She wears a blue skirt and she is smiling. On the
right hand side of the page, beside the Dad, is a brown splodge with two
eyes and two ears. Could be a dog.

​

“…That’s the creepiest thing I’ve ever seen”, Eliza mutters after a
beat.

​

She’s right. It is creepy. A creepy kid’s drawing down here in the dark.
But, still…

“I think it’s nice”, I rely, playing devil’s advocate. And it is, kind
of. In any other context it would be lovely. “She has talent”, I finish,
taping the picture back to the wall where I found it.

​

…A cold chill blows between the walls and pillars, and Eliza grips me
suddenly much tighter.

“Maybe- maybe this was a bad idea, Xav”, she says. “Maybe we should just
go back upstairs”.

“…Now who’s the pussy?” I whisper back, chuckling, leading her on into
the darkness by the hand.

This might have proved to be a mistake. To tell the truth I’d rather
head back up to the surface also. But we’ve committed now. Best to press
on.

​

Our footsteps echo as we explore.

​

There are more drawings down here. Some of them are pictures on torn
paper and tacked to the walls. Some are scrawled across the walls
themselves in white chalk. They become more numerous the further in we
go.

They seem to be of slightly better quality than the one by the stairs,
but… But they’re still not great.

And they all depict the same thing.

​

A girl.

A child.

All by herself.

​

The colors of her clothes vary, but she always has long brown hair, and
the hair is always done in the same exact style.

“Hey”, I realize after a few minutes of walking, of exploring. “She kind
of looks like you, don’t you think?”

“What the fuck?” Eliza retorts, “why would you say that?” she stops and
her breathing gets really shallow.

“Wait, Eliza, are you okay? You know I was only joking!” I go to her at
once, suddenly concerned that I might have taken things too far. Eliza
is not coping as well as I thought she was. This isn’t like her… I think
we might need to head back.

“Eliza, I’m sorry- look let’s just head back up, okay? We don’t need to
go any further”.

As I’m comforting her and calming her down, I can’t help but glance to
once of the drawings stuck to the wall behind her. This one is larger
than most of the others. Not quite to the same size as the chalk
drawings, but bigger than its other paper counterparts. The edges are
frayed, and black.

It depicts, as the others do, the girl.

Her hands are folded in front of her body. Her eyes are downcast, and
she looks sad. I follow the drawing’s line of sight.

…On the ground, slumped up against the walls and hidden in shadow are a
series of kids’ books. Color-by-numbers. There’s a torn catalogue from
Claire’s, riddled with mold, and a ton plush doll, its head lolled to
the side…

​

…And reality hits.

What the fuck are we doing?

​

Genuinely. Why, why did we think that it was a good idea to come down
here?

My heart starts to race. But I have to hold it together. No use in both
of us panicking. I grab Eliza’s hand and start to lead her back the way
we came.

“We’re heading up, okay? We’re heading up, it’s alright. It’s alright”.

But almost as soon as I have started to move, I freeze, and we come to a
sudden stop.

​

A second of those cold, cool gusts of air rumbles by from someplace
unknown, and it chills my skin.

I can feel Eliza dig her fingers into my palm, but the pain does not
register just yet.

​

My adrenaline has spiked.

​

Just ahead, and through the pillars, a silver-white mist has begun to
creep its way towards us. Slowly cascading. Drawing closer.

…And amidst this fog-like approach are a dozen little girls. Their eyes
glow softly in the surrounding void. They drift with the mist through
the darkness. They vary in height, in appearance… but they all look
roughly similar to the girl in the drawings. They all have the same
hair, at least.

Their faces show nothing but sadness.

Sadness… and rage.

​

The first of these spectres bares her teeth. She screams.

​

The noise is horrific.

​

​

As if in a dream, a nightmare, we turn tail, and we run.

​

​

Screams echo through the darkness as we barrel our way through the void
and past pillar after pillar. I accidentally slam my shoulder into one
of the black outcrops of wall and cry out in pain, but Eliza drags me
forwards. On we go through the darkness as we try to flee the
encroaching mists, and the mist’s inhabitants.

…But wherever we go, that creeping silver mist finds it way to us. From
different places each time, from around secretive walls and from pipes
in the ceiling… it just keeps coming. Eyes glow through the fog as the
panic rises, and it isn’t long before we are surrounded.

“XAVIER!” Eliza screams, “WHAT DO WE DO!?”

“PLEASE!” I shout out into the mists, “JUST STOP!”

And in this last, desperate instant, a dark shape bursts from the final
vestige of shadows. I swear my heart is about to burst through my chest
with fear, but the shape does not attack us, nor approach us. The shape
is a man, and he throws himself between us and the mist.

“STOP!” he cries out to the encroaching swirl. “Leave them alone! Leave
them alone, monsters and FAKES!”

He turns to us.

It is a man… adorned in ragged dark clothes and shockingly pale, sickly
looking and ill.

“Quickly!” he urges, grabbing me by my shoulder, looking into Eliza’s
face. “Follow me!”

And he takes off at once through a gap in the mists.

We look at each other, but realize we have essentially no choice. We
take after him as fast as we can, lungs burning until we catch up. He
mutters to himself as he spins round a great wheel on a black door built
into a section of wall, and with a great creaking groan he hauls it
open.

There is a small, flickering lamp inside. Some benches. What looks like
some cupboards and a bed.

He pushes his way inside and beckons us to follow. “Quickly, damnit! And
close the door behind you!”

We do as he says, Eliza goes first and I bring up the rear, staring into
the silvery darkness as the mist approaches, and with a grunt I drag the
heavy door shut with a boom.

The mysterious man collapses onto his bed with his head in his hands,
and Eliza and I do much the same onto the benches.

​

​

We are quiet for a few long minutes, processing. Composing ourselves as
best we can.

​

​

I break the eventual silence with what I feel is owed:

“Thank you”, I say at last, to the man. “Thanks”.

He looks up and slowly swings his legs around, leaning forward towards
us and resting his elbows on his knees. “Do not mention it. They grow
angrier by the day. And a small part of me doesn’t blame them”.

“Please, how do we get out?” Eliza asks.

The man turns to look at her, and regards her.

“The stairs back up to the surface are more or less just behind this
room”, he says. “I will take you back there once the danger has
dispersed”.

​

The lamp flickers. The level of light in the room is low.

​

“What the hell is this place?” I ask him. “What are you DOING down
here?”

The man glances at his watch. He angles his wrist to the light so that
he can read the time, then sighs.

“I have a story to share, if you would hear it? It’ll only take a few
minutes. The mists will have parted by then”.

Eliza and exchange a look. She shifts, uncomfortably, but neither of us
say a word, and the man takes this as his cue to continue.

“Many, many years ago now”, he begins, his voice low. “I was a troubled
and lonely young boy. Before the construction of the restaurant, there
was an indoor playpen upstairs, of sorts. My father used to drop me off
here and leave me for the length of the day. Almost every day, in fact”.

The man shifts, and sighs. “And what child wouldn’t wish to spend their
days in a playpen? Endless fun no? Well, no, as it turned out. As with
most places I was a quick and easy target for bullies. As soon as their
caught scent of my weakness, well, that was that. They used to hold me
down in sections of the playpen unseen by adults, and there were always
too few adults. They used to draw on me. Or hurt me”. He flinches.
“Sometimes they would cut me with sharp tools”.

​

My mouth is dry. I glance back to the door. Eliza feels it too. We won’t
be able to just spring up and run, should we choose to do so. The wheel
on the door will need to be unspun so that we can escape. That will take
time. I look back to the man at the far side of the room. This stranger…
And what, what is he doing here? Living down here alone, in the dark..?

​

“They tried to take one of my teeth, once”, he says quietly. “Why would
they do this? A chance to play dentist, perhaps. With an actual subject.
And I dare say they would have done it, too. Or at least gotten further
than just inuring my gums, had Heather not stopped them”.

A flicker of a smile crosses the man’s face.

“Heather. My soulmate. She saved me. And she continues to save me”.

The man fidgets.

My pulse has once again begun to race.

“She sounds like a great person”, I begin, “but I really think we should
be-”

“She saved me from them. She was brave. Confident. She told them where
to go. They laughed at me for needing rescuing. For needing rescuing by
a girl, of all people… but regardless, they backed off”. The man rises
to a stand. I realize just how tall he is, despite how crooked and
hunched he appears. His hands are clasped behind his back.

“I did everything I could from that moment on to show her my affection.
To show her my thanks”, his smile falters. “But she began to push me
away. She was polite at first, but.. She did not want me around. Her
words felt sharper than those of the others. They hurt me the most”. The
man twitches. “Heather stopped coming one day. She just stopped coming.
She was never there as frequently as I was, of course, but one day she
disappeared altogether”.

The man has begun tapping his foot against the tile.

“So I ‘disappeared’ too. And I promised myself that one day I would find
her again”. His eyes flicker over to Eliza. “And today, I think, could
be that day”.

He takes a step towards her. “Heather..?” he whispers. “This story
sounds familiar, does it not? Is it you, my sweet?”

Eliza has risen from the bench and backed herself against the wall.
“N-No, I’m sorry, you have the wrong person. My name is Eliza”. She
shoots me a panicked look and I start to slowly move my way over,
putting myself between them.

“Let’s just stay cool”, I begin warily, “And the mist?” I ask the man,
trying to change the subject. “Who are the girls in the mist?”

“…You called them ‘fakes’…” Eliza murmurs quietly.

“That’s right”, the man mutters. “They were fakes. All of them fakes.
Deceivers. None of them were the real Heather”.

“…But what are they?” I ask.

The man’s eyes remain fixed on Eliza. “They are monsters. Ghosts. Dead
things, lingering where they are not wanted”.

​

We need to go. We need to get out.

​

“…How did they die?” Eliza asks in a voice that is almost inaudible.

​

​

…“I gave them what they deserved”, the man whispers in reply. “I killed
them”.

​

​

“ELIZA, THE DOOR!” I shout, jumping directly between them, and as quick
as a flash the man raises his arms up over his head and brings down a
brick. He must have been holding it this entire time. I catch a brief
glimpse and raise my hands in automatic defense… and it smacks down hard
against my head.

I drop to the floor as a dull ringing reverberates through my skull, I
can vaguely hear Eliza shouting my name. Something pushes past my leg, I
think…

…The door… I think she managed to open the door…

​

I groan on the ground, head spinning.

​

Blood runs down my arm.

I was able to cover my head a little before impact, and one of my hands
took the brunt of the blow. I think the bones are likely broken, but my
brain struggles to process all the stimuli at once. The pain will
largely come later, I should think.

I can see the man in the dark clothes grappling with Eliza through my
blurred vision.

“HEATHER”, he shrieks. “Is it you? You’re so much older… How? How is it
possible that you have aged whilst I have remained the same? We should
be TOGETHER!”

“PLEASE, STOP! GET OFF ME!” Eliza cries out; their limbs merge together
in my vision as they struggle.

​

Come on Xavier, I urge myself. Eliza is in trouble. You have to get UP.
GET UP.

I grunt and shake as I roll myself over, clambering up onto an elbow…

…But the man in the dark clothes is starting to drag her away into the
shadows. He has her around the neck.

“XAVIER!” she screams, “HELP!”

“E-Eliza!” I try to call out in return, but it sounds sluggish and
warped.

​

I’m going to lose her, I realize. I’m going to lose her to the dark, and
I’ll never see her again.

And just as these thoughts come through, this dark begins to rapidly
recede.

I crawl out through the open doorway and into the main hall… and an arc
of misty light begins to shine all around us, coming from the distance.
The pillars are stark in their contrast.

As my vision returns I see those familiar forms in the silvery smoke. I
see the young girls, all similar in appearance, all with that same dark
hair… Still sad, and still angry… But it is not directed at us, I
realize, with a sudden surge of hope.

​

The man is trapped in the middle. He still has Eliza by the throat but
he looks from side to side, panicking. “Stay back!” he warns, “YOU CAN’T
TAKE HER FROM ME AGAIN! SHE IS MINE! I’VE FOUND HER, AT LONG LAST!”

One of the girls opens her mouth to scream. The sound is dreadful and
shrill; an icy wind that blows throughout the cavern.

She is joined by another, and another, the noise rises and rises, and
when I think I can bear it no longer the man in the dark clothes
releases Eliza so as to cover his ears, screaming himself, and he
staggers quickly away into the shadow, yelling obscenities, swearing…

I stagger to my feet, stumbling and slipping and falling… Slamming a
knee down into the concrete. I try again, and this time I am able to go
further, collapsing at Eliza’s side, doing my best to reassure her and
to calm her-

“It’s okay, it’s okay! Come on, we have to go!”

She stares around us, watching as the ghostly girls drift and wail
overhead.

“COME ON!”

At last she seems to snap out of it; I try to help her up, though it
ends up more as her helping me… and together we race around the
stranger’s little room… The stairs are in sight, at least. I suppose he
was telling the truth.

Past black pillars and shadowy walls we go…We’ve done a loop, it would
seem, and approach the base of the staircase from the opposite
direction.

“It’s okay, we’re nearly out, we’re nearly out-”

…And at our approach… we find ourselves stumbling to a stop.

​

Staring. Staring down, at a ghostly little girl.

​

She is sitting right in front of the stairs, at the base of the wall
opposite. She’s drawing something on a piece of paper with a few
colorful crayons.

She looks up at us as we approach, then looks up to the drawing taped to
the wall above her head. The one of the family, with the dog.

She looks back to me.

“Thank you for liking my drawing”, she says, and she smiles.

​

…Cautiously, I smile back.

“You’re welcome”, I say quietly, and she goes back to her doodling.

​

…A moment later and she is gone. Like a wisp of smoke in the wind.

​

I squeeze tightly to Eliza’s hand, and without another word, we ascend.
Back up the stairs.

Step by step.

It feels longer on the way up, somehow.

​

And at last when we return to the restaurant, that silvery starlight
still streaming through the wide glass pane windows, we turn and we
close the door to the play area tight shut behind us.

​

‘The Children’s Play Area is Closed’, reads the sign.

​

​

*

​

​

We’ve been back, since that traumatic night. We debated on telling
someone what we found, and decided that it was simply the right thing to
do… But as we drove past it once more, just a week later, we were
surprised to see that such might not be necessary. The whole restaurant
had closed down. There were cop cars and vans parked up all over,
beneath the overhanging branches of the surrounding forest.

Eliza and I went up to an officer to ask what they’d found…

“Discovery’s been made beneath the facility”, is all he said. “A
decades-old case looks likely to be closed in the coming weeks. Maybe a
few more, at that”. He sniffed. “Someone opened up some long-locked door
and some kid pushed through it just the other day. His parents went to
go get him and found… well, something they thought worthy of telling the
owner’s about, put it that way”. The officer shifts. “Probably shouldn’t
be saying all this”. He tips his hat.

“Have a nice day folks”.

We glance behind him, to see what looks like a body beneath a sheet
being carried out to a waiting van.

“Thanks…” I reply, exchanging a look with Eliza. “We will”.
