Chapter 1: The Discovery

I had always believed that I knew every game in the world whether it was
board games or video games I had played them all. Yet there was one game
that I could not understand and which left me feeling confused and
scared.

That was the game my father used to play with me.

I can recall the first instance of it. At the time I was only a small
girl, pure and naive. My father said that he was going to play a special
game with me. I was excited because I thought it would be similar to all
the other games we usually played.

However, this situation was different. It began in a harmless way when
my father tickled me and that made me laugh, but it then took a negative
turn since he started to touch me in places he wasn’t supposed to and
this made me feel uncomfortable and scared.

I had no idea what was going on. I wasn’t sure how to respond. All I was
aware of was that this game seemed wrong. It didn’t at all seem like a
game.

Chapter 2: The Confusion

As I got older, the game went on. My father always managed to play with
me and could always come up with reasons for being alone with me. I
tried to get him to stop, to let me know that I didn’t want to carry on
playing any more. But he always found some way of making me feel guilty
and of making me think that I was the one at fault.

I felt trapped, bewildered, and frightened. I had no idea how to get it
stopped. I didn’t know how to make him see that this game was hurting me
or that it was damaging our relationship.

I tried to hide my feelings and act as if all was well, but inside I was
aware it wasn’t. I knew that the game was driving us apart and that it
was corrupting the love we had once known.

Chapter 3: The Revelation

I didn’t fully understand what was going on until I had grown older, and
it was only after I had learned about sexual abuse and the methods that
abusers use to manipulate their victims that I suddenly saw everything
clearly.

I came to the realization that the game my father used to play with me
wasn’t really a game; it was a nasty and twisted kind of abuse, a means
by which he could assert power and control over me, and I knew that I
had to get it stopped.

I told my father that I knew what he was up to. At first he denied it
and tried to make me question my own judgement, but I kept my position
and would not give in, and in the end he gave in and admitted the truth.

I was deeply saddened and heartbroken since the man who had once been
loved and trusted had betrayed me in the most terrible way; at the same
time I experienced a feeling of relief and emancipation, for I was now
free from the game and free from the abuse.

Chapter 4: The Healing

It took some time, but in the end I did manage to get over it. I got
therapy and surrounded myself with friendly friends and family. And
gradually and definitely, I started to reconstruct my life.

I was able to learn to trust once more and to love again. I met a
partner who showed me respect and kindness and thus gave me an example
of what a healthy relationship should be like. And I decided that I
would never allow anyone else to play that nasty game with me again.

Although I had once thought I knew all the games in the world, the one
my dad used to play with me was a game that I never wanted to go back
and play again, and as a result I was now able to live my life on my own
terms, free from the influence of the past.

The End.
