TRIGGER WARNING - SEXUAL VIOLENCE. DO NOT READ IF YOU ARE SENSITIVE TO
THIS TOPIC

When I was a kid, I lived in a relatively happy household. We were a
poor family, living in a small mobile home but it never bothered me. As
long as I still had my loving family, we could be anywhere and I would
be happy.

It was me, my 18 year old brother Josh and my two parents. I was a late
member of the family, being born when Josh was 10. I used to think of
myself as an outsider of the four for this very reason but my mother
would always tell me I completed the family. She would tell me I was the
last piece of our families puzzle which always made me feel better, she
told me she was so incredibly happy to find out she was having a
daughter and so was my father.

In my parents eyes we were a complete family. A father, mother, son and
a daughter.

Me and Josh had a special bond. I remember thinking of him as an idol,
someone to look up to. He always did most of the parenting for me since
our parents were always working and we would play games together on his
Xbox. We used to spend hours together playing different games on a split
screen. Our favorite game was always Halo. I remember coming home from
school everyday looking forward to playing it with my brother.

My parents worked at the same job so they would always come home
together at the same time every night. We had a tradition to watch a
movie together every Friday night, me and my brother would always get to
choose, sometimes resulting in small arguments about what we would watch
and our parents found it hilarious.

When I was 7, my parents invited their boss over for dinner on a Friday
night. I remember really liking him. He was nice to us and he even
brought gifts for me and my brother. He had gotten Josh a new Xbox
controller and got me a new Barbie house. Even with the big nice man
being so kind to us, I remember even at that age feeling some kind of
tension between him and my father. My father wouldn’t talk to him unless
he spoke to him directly and even then, would respond coldly with
usually one worded replies. This was weird to me. Why was my father
being so mean to the big nice man who had gotten his kids presents?
After all he was his boss so surely he had to like him.

Eventually when he left, my parents told me and Josh to go to our rooms.
I was confused, had we done something wrong? We didn’t even get to watch
our movie. As I was walking to my room full of guilt and shame, Josh
whispered my name from his door in a playful tone and held up two Xbox
controllers. I smiled and we played games in his room together. We could
hear them through the walls yelling at each other slowly getting louder
and louder. I remember cowering into a ball while Josh held me. My
parents sounded so scary, I had never heard them like that before. At
some point Josh started to play music for me on his radio to suppress
the noise and eventually I had almost forgotten what was going on in the
next room over. He was always so good at cheering me up.

It was only a few weeks later when everything changed. I still remember
the day vividly.

I was outside with Josh drawing with chalk on the driveway, Josh was
giving me different things to draw and rating how each drawling looked,
likely telling me they were better than how they actually were. I was in
the middle of drawing a turtle when I saw my parents car pull onto our
street. I got up excitedly and waited for them at the porch with Josh.
When I saw them get out of the car however, I noticed something was off.
My father looked like he was holding back tears and my mother walked
with a strange limp, an expressionless look on her face. I didn’t
understand what had happened.

I asked what was wrong with her but my father didn’t respond to the
question, instead he immediately scolded me for drawing on the driveway
while my mother limped inside with no emotion whatsoever. I felt stupid
and apologized to him while tearing up. I looked over at Josh, and his
face was a ghostly white. He had almost the same look on his face as my
father did, and it frustrated me. Was he going to yell at me now too?

I weakly spoke his name to him while my father walked inside and he
looked down at me with tears in his eyes. He put his hand on my shoulder
and told me to go wait in his room and to play his radio. When I got
there, I noticed he had made a new mixtape for me on a CD laying on his
bed with my name on it, and I happily played it. I waited in there for
hours, but Josh never came back.

Had I done something wrong? Did he not want to be around me anymore?

I walked into the living room to find my dad crying alone on the couch.
When he noticed me, he told me to go to my room. I asked where Josh was
but he just repeated what he had said. I stayed in my room for the rest
of the night crying, noticing Josh’s car was no longer in the driveway.

The next morning my father explained to me that Josh had moved out and
was off to college, but that didn’t make sense to me. Wouldn’t he have
said goodbye to me first? When I asked, my father just avoided the
question. He took me out for breakfast, but he hardly spoke to me. All
he really did was apologize for yelling at me the day before and avoided
anything I asked about Josh and my mother.

My mother moved out without saying goodbye only a week later, and it was
now only me and my father. For years after I had tried to contact Josh,
but I could never find him. My father barely spoke to me and I barely
spoke to him. He never answered anything I asked about Josh for years. I
tried to keep in touch with my mother but she wouldn’t speak to me
either. Everyone in my life was gone. I was truly alone.

When I was 19, i woke up one morning to see my father in the living
room. This was unusual because we usually would avoid each other. I
immediately knew something was wrong and my fears were confirmed when he
told me something that made me completely fall apart.

My mother had committed suicide.

I didn’t respond, I just froze in my tracks. Then for the first time in
over a decade, he pulled me into a hug. I immediately recoiled to his
touch, but I hugged him back and cried. I cried like I haven’t since
Josh left and I couldn’t help but wish he was there to comfort me.

I asked my father how she did it and why, but even he didn’t know. She
didn’t leave a note and didn’t say goodbye to anybody, just how she
didn’t say goodbye to me when she left.

I felt guilty.

Over the years I had grown a massive resentment for my mother after she
left, but I still had hope. I had hope she would return one day and
apologize to me and my father, but now any small sliver chance that
would ever happen was gone.

My father tried to reignite our relationship after what happened, but
there’s some wounds you just can’t heal. He took me out to dinner nearly
every night, got me gifts and took me out to movies but it all felt very
performative. He even tried to bring back our Friday night movie
tradition, but he gave up on that shortly after he noticed my lack of
enthusiasm. He told me he loved me everyday.

It was weird for me to be showered with so much love from the man who
had avoided me throughout my entire teen years. I appreciated what he
was doing, but I had to stop him eventually. I just couldn’t take it
anymore.

Not long after he gave up, he was gone too.

I woke up one morning to a loud pounding noise coming from the front
door. I walked over to it slightly irritated, but that feeling was gone
in just a short second when I saw who was making the noise.

It was a police officer, holding his hat to his chest.

My heart dropped immediately. I didn’t even get to speak before he told
me why he was there. He told me that my father got up in the middle of
the night, wrote a letter, left it on the kitchen table, got in his car,
and crashed into a tree and died on impact. His body was nearly
unidentifiable.

My knees started to feel like noodles and I fell apart on the floor,
sobbing uncontrollably. All I could think of was how hard he tried for
me in his final days. If only I had let him try, maybe he would still be
here.

I knew even then, my life will never be normal. I would never be able to
trust anyone, I would never be able to make friends with anyone, have a
partner, or maintain a stable relationship with anybody in my life. The
officer left with a shallow nod, and I was alone again.

I weakly walked into the kitchen, and found an envelope with my name on
it written in sharpie with a heart next to it. I didn’t want to read it,
but for once in my life I wanted closure. I had never gotten an
explanation for my mother and Josh, but now I would finally have one for
my dad.

I slowly opened it and read my father’s last words to me.

My daughter.

I am so sorry for how your life has turned out, I tried so hard to
protect you from it but I had failed. I have failed you, your mother and
your brother. And I couldn’t be more sorry. You are the strongest girl I
have ever had the pleasure of being a father to. I don’t want you to
remember me as a good man, because that’s what who I am. I am a monster.

For your entire life, you have been living in confusion and misery and I
was too weak to tell you the truth. I feel you deserve to know
everything. I could never tell you when I was alive because I was a
coward. That’s purely all I am. I am a coward and failure as a father
and husband.

The day you and Josh were coloring in the driveway was when everything
changed. Me and your mother worked for the same man, the man who had
come over for dinner and had gotten you your Barbie house. Him and your
mother were having an affair and I knew about it, but we stayed together
for you and Josh. We tried our best to hide what was going on between us
so you could have a normal childhood, so I let it happen. After a few
months of this going on, he became demanding. He wanted your mother to
hook up with him everyday and your mother eventually got tired of it and
tried to put an end to it.

This made him furious. So one day, he forced your mother on him when she
didn’t want to and I had no idea it happened until she told me about it
on the drive home. Josh demanded to know what was going on, and your
mother told him everything. He got into a blinding rage and hunted him
down. To this day I have no idea how he tracked him down. Josh wanted to
kill him. They fought, but Josh was only a teenager put against a fit
grown man. He stabbed Josh to death. He had stabbed him so many times
the blade was broken in half. I called Josh over and over again for
hours but he never picked up, so I called the police. The police found
the man dead. He had shot himself next to Josh’s body. His body looked
like he had not been long dead.

Your mother barely spoke to me after this happened, and she was slowly
packing all of her stuff behind my back for a week straight. She
eventually left without a word. She didn’t have enough money to get her
own house, so she lived in a tent behind a highway a few states over for
years. She picked up a drug addiction and eventually overdosed and died
alone.

I’m sorry you had me as a father, you deserved so much better.
Everything was my fault all along. And I’m so sorry I never told you
anything. I am a complete burden to this world so I’m doing you a favor,
for once I’m doing something good in my life.

I want you to call your grandparents and live with them for a while. Get
out of this town and never think about it again.

I love you and again I’m sorry. I can’t say it enough.

Love you always - you’re pathetic dad.
