Human skin is marred by oils and buildups that are to be expected, as we
produce them daily. Mine, however, is currently plagued by perhaps; no,
without doubt, the single most vile assortment of foreign materials that
I could possibly fathom.

​

I say this while writing in an attempt to distract myself simultaneously
from the putrid accompaniment my largest organ is currently faced with,
and the searing full body pain I am experiencing with my skin beginning
to blister after the redness set in and my flesh had properly swollen
from the bleach I was bathing in a few hours ago. Though admittedly the
latter is more importantly helping to distract from the former.

​

I feel as though I should see my actions as insane, but frankly this
disease to my sanity, this rot soaked skin I am struggling to alieve
myself of, has bothered me to a point I have no power left to question
any form of potential relief.

​

While the smell, taste, and feel of my existence are painfully offensive
at this moment, why I need to write above all else is to alieve my mind
of the memory I just experienced. I apologize, I could not carry it
myself, though for you, who have not gone through the actual experience,
I imagine this will be nothing more than, at worst, a distasteful mental
image.

​

To preface, I do not like being dirty. I’m not to a point of being
considered a clean freak or someone suffering from OCD, but I do not
like feeling greasy, having bugs touch me, or walking barefoot as the
sensations make me feel as though something is just wrong. I can still
stand most situations without major issue, which is why, adorned with a
healthy amount of bug spray, I was alone in the woods.

​

I live in a town I will avoid naming, located in Upstate New York, which
are often surrounded by wooded areas, as mine also is. Having the
freedom of adulthood, I chose to take a small excursion to my families
cabin, a small one, but still cozy, and for the first time, I was alone
instead of accompanied by my grandfather as was normal during my
childhood.

​

My plan was just to enjoy myself, I had brought a few things, but the
plan was to take a few days to relax and enjoy nature, something I
usually avoid, but decided to suck up and give an earnest attempt to
appreciate. So after putting it off the first day, I set out early the
next day and walked out to the woods.

​

I kept track of my direction, but to be honest, not many miles would
stand between me and a road if I truly did get lost. The day was
enjoyable, aside from swatting away the occasional gnat that flew too
close to my face. The woods were quiet, and while I am prone to anxiety,
I was surprisingly relaxed during my walk. Being able to breathe in the
scent of the towering trees and feel the gentle breeze that carried it
on my face. Once it began to hit afternoon I chose to turn back, which I
was quite proud of when I arrived back as it began to ever-so-slightly
get darker out, meaning my timing was impeccable. The rest of the day I
spent in the cabin or on the porch, with some snack or drink in hand a
majority of the time, doing what amounted to a grand nothingness beyond
listless stares into the skyline.

​

Thus I was set to do the same the next day.

​

Waking up earlier then the day before, the sun had not rose, but the
time was similar to when I would be shoken awake to put on my orange
garb and set out carefully watching the angle my rifle would be pointed
while we trecked out when I had done so alongside my grandfather. So I
decided to setout earlier then the day before, with the mindset I could
enjoy nature for longer.

​

Fuck, if only I hadn’t wanted a “longer” time.

​

I had set out in a slightly different direction this time, hoping to
enjoy some new sights, even if just an intresting fungus upon a tree.

​

Everything felt wrong.

​

Walking slowly in the dim light before the sun properly rose, my
previously absent anxiety had found itself rising to my throat, though I
did my best to stifle it and continue, thinking that once the sun broke
the horizon I would then be freed from this worry of the shadows and
small noises around me.

​

This did not happen.

​

Once the sun properly broke past the distant hills, my visibility
improved, but my worry did not. I continued to ignore it, attempting to
mimic my previous day’s enjoyment. While I was able to mostly distract
myself, nothing felt exactly right. When I closed my eyes to breathe in
the cool, fresh air, instead I was met with what I could only describe
as stale, with some scent I couldn’t pin ever so slightly dancing upon
the winds I inhaled.

​

All of this was nearly forgotten as I passed a few more trees and found
a large, straight path.

​

Though it looked more as though a large, heavy vehicle had rolled
through, like a steam roller, pressing the dirt down a few inches with a
complimenting rise on each side.

​

With neither end of the path visible and it stretching nearly thirty
feet across, the path was strangely straight. It was also clear of any
debris aside from rocks pressed into the path. I was truly confused, as
this made it seem as though I could expect construction to be going on
around nearby, yet nothing but woods stretched on in both directions.
Notably, the dirt on the edges seemed loose, as if this was made
recently, maybe just a day or so ago, though I am not exactly one who
would be able to accurately surmise that.

​

Slowly walking on the path, still bewildered at it’s appearance, I
noticed a dark patch about 30 feet up the path, or down it, I would not
be who decides. My curiousity peaked, and I slowly, almost in a trace
walked towards it.

​

The smell hit me first, though the dark patch wasn’t the source, rather
it felt as though the air around me had adopted the ability to offend.
Covering my nose, I approached the patch and with it only a few feet
away, I began to understand what it was.

​

Flesh.

​

Seeming sloughed off, from what, I could not tell. The leftovers of a
coyotes meal would’ve been my guess, but quickly my theory would be
proven wrong. This was due to the new realization that brought itself to
my attention. A low rumbling had begun, from the same direction of the
path I had been walking for my prior curiousity. Stepping past the flesh
I only made it about four steps when I saw what had caused the rumbling.
At first, I believed it to be a mud slide, though slower than I’d ever
imagine them being able to accomplish. Some part of me was reminded of
the molasses floods I read of when I was younger. Then I was able to see
what layed ahead in clearer detail, and, unfortunately smelled it too.

​

Rotting flesh, puss, bile, brought together by various sinew lattices.

​

My heart caught in my chest at the honestly horrific mass approaching me
at a crawl. As I said though, the smell had fully arrived now. Which
made my head light and vomit rise to the back of my throat. Both of the
senses being assaulted were further made distraught when the mass,
rolling and lurching forward, like a conveyor brought a milky eyed main
mass up, which resembled a bloated corpse, rotting and connected at the
hips with arms hanging uselessly at it’s sides. The mass stetched on as
far as I could see, and while that should bring numerous more
observations and questions to mind, the odour had thoroughly broken
through my ability to withstand, causing me to back away slowly.

​

And then my foot hit the flesh.

​

With my attention completely absorbed into the horror encroaching these
woods, the flesh and my distracted mind were enough of a combination to
catch my balance completely off guard, and before I could even properly
pull my hand away from my nose to catch myself, my skull was introduced
to an unfortunately placed stone just not flush enough with the path for
my head to still hit it hard as my world snapped to black.

​

Sitting here now, I wish I had stayed in that world of black, silent,
nothingness.

​

Instead I awoke to a searing pain where my head had met the stone,
coincidentally causing my vision to be blurred as I tried to focus
myself enough to be aware of what’s around me. Before I could properly
see, I could smell, and with every fiber of my being, I wished this to
not be true, as the most horrendous scent washed over and into me.
Rotting meat mixed with burnt hair, spilled trash bag juices rolled up
with cheese fermeanted in the recesses of some random basement,
excrement and mildew, every single nauxious smell amalgamating into
something beyond words. Tears weld in the corner of my eyes, not due to
the smell burning them, but rather from the instant sorrow I felt at
being forced to experience the smell.

​

Then I heard the rumbling, this time grand in how loud it had grown, but
also in how much I felt it in every fiber of my being, the sensation
doing nothing to help my aching cranium.

​

With my severe pain and assaulted senses, it is understandable that I
had not realized what this all meant. That was until my vision cleared
partially, and I saw it.

​

Eight feet away, was the entirety of the mass.

​

Unfortunately, it took me several seconds to process what that meant.
Which happened to be enough for the slow moving nightmare to close half
of that distance. At this point even a concussion wouldn’t be enough to
stop me from realizing the immediate danger I was in. Sadly it was
enough to stop me from being able to respond quick enough so that my
slow backing away was halted by a pressure covering my foot.

​

It had rolled onto me.

​

I began to panic, pulling my leg back as hard as I could fruitlessly as
the diseased mass was too big for me to fight. It continued moving,
covering more of me as I began to thrash and scream, that last part
ending in a choked gag as the rancid smell and swarming flies took
advantage of my mouth agape to further my absolute disgust. The mass had
already moved from my foot to my knee, covering my other foot during the
time I had been caught up by the foul air.

​

I thought I would die then, and I wish I had. As I relented inch by inch
of my own being, I felt the abominations greasy, soft, and practically
melting flesh coat every inch of my exposed body. It was a slimy, vile
sensation, and made me wish I could just chop my now tainted legs off.
That thought would quickly be replaced when my waist began to be
covered, and dread filled my soul to its deepest recesses. The weight
was crushing, and while it pained me, the overwhelming disgust I felt
outweighed that.

​

I laid on my back, tears rolling down my face as I left small trails of
blood in the dirt as I clawed desperately. This helped naught.

​

Soon the mass reached my chest, the pressure made each breathe a
struggle, and the smell permeated every cell in my nostrils. I felt the
smell as a thick miasma on the back of my throat, no amount of gagging
would free me from. Being able to see the rotting being up close was
truly terrible, the ripped and melting flesh, tinged with dark shades of
green and blackened flesh, poisoned blood and yellow bile, and thick
patches of white writhing flesh that did not belong to the mass, but
rather were the incorporation of countless maggots that had taken the
rolling abomination as their home.

​

Every single thing I just described was now covering up to my throat, my
arms now pinned at the shoulders. I was completely helpless, my
breathless begging reaching no person or god beyond the decayed one who
now encroached my chin. Breathing was now difficult, with my chest and
throat now being pressed down on. Even so, my mouth was shut tight, as I
knew the mass would soon reach it, and a proper breathe would not be
worth the horror of the mass overtaking me with an open mouth.

​

Even then, the rot managed to seep through my lips, immediately
triggering me to vomit, a substance that was exponentially cleaner then
anything around me. Aside from what leaked out due to the pressure in my
mouth, the rest I was forced to swallow, yet this was not much of an
issue when compared to what other horrors consumed me.

​

My nose followed my mouth only moments later, the pressure was
significantly more upsetting here as the cartilage was pressed down
aggressively. The scent did not change much, but having the pure, in the
filthiest sense, scent being deposited by the various oozes protruding
from every possible escape this being possessed is an experience I wish
not on the most monstrous person.

​

Now the part I had dreaded the most had finally arrived.

​

The mass had arrived at my eyes.

​

The fumes stung my retinas, and I sealed them shut in anticipation. But
this did not halt the horror I felt in my heart as the last of me was
covered.

​

I was naught but the dirt under the being now.

​

Every cell in my body was now filled with the stench of my oppressor,
being repeatedly violated as I could swear that my skin could smell and
all of it simultaneously recoiled as much as it realistically could
while blanketed by rot as it currently was. I felt the flesh sliding
constantly down my body, unrelenting in it’s quest to have me experience
sensations that not even the most depraved devil would accept.

​

My skin itched, it stung, it burnt as maggots, bile, and flaying flesh
brushed it nonstop. Yet I had no earthly way of scrathing that itch,
alieving that sting, halting the burn. All of them instead spread until
every bit of me had the same sensation with equal disgust.

​

My mind was swarmed with wishes of death.

​

Some say death is the ultimate punishment. They are wrong. I would
readily accept death for relieve in that moment, but death would not
come, only more of the beast above me. My concussed mind was too
panicked for proper thoughts to formulate beyond absolute fear and
disgust.

​

Even a second of this was worse then any torture I can possibly imagine.

​

Yet it continued hour by hour.

​

After the first thirty minutes, mouth closed I screamed into the mass,
feeling my mind almost break as I yelled like I could command the thing
violating my flesh off of me. I could not.

​

I never grew numb of the smell, it was not something I believe you could
ever. The feeling also never became tolerable, the nature of the being
made it impossible as new filth touched upon me endlessly restarting the
sensation of vile oils condensing on me before being spread like butter
over bread. My ears no longer heard properly, the sludge the being was
producing endlessly had seeped around them and drowned out the low
rumbling around me in all but the way it moved my chest with its
presence. I am forever grateful that when the maggots found my ears,
they were never willed past my exposed ear into the intriguing tunnel of
its canal.

​

At the second hour I thought my mind might die. Repeatedly drinking my
own vomit to not drown, tasting, smelling, feeling, and all but seeing
this rotten demon in an unending cycle. While my suffering was not
numbed, my thoughts were, I had lost all emotion beyond overwhelming
despair. Sobbing internally with what I would imagine being glazed over
eyes that had lost all hope.

​

Then my nose broke.

​

The pressure must’ve been too much, I hadn’t processed the steadily
growing pain and a particularly dense patch must have slid onto it,
crushing it nearly flat.

​

The smell and taste of blood only temporarily relieved me of the
all-consuming one around me. Then, my situation worsened as I was forced
to open my mouth. It was my only way to breathe now, between swallows of
irony blood, was to open my mouth slightly to let some rancid oxygen
into my lungs. The rotting sludge seeped through that gap my opened lips
made, forcing me to stomach swallowing the unholy concoction of my own
blood mixed with rotting, liquified flesh and the occasional maggot.
Feeling a slightly solid thing go down my throat filled me with horror
every time it occured. Yet I had no choice but to persist in order to
breathe.

​

I know not when it occured as the hours had long since blended together,
only that it did, when for a short time the pressure on my face
disappeared. The rest of me was still trapped, but starting at my
forehead the pressure released. Once my eyes were free from the pressure
I opened them in a squint, hoping too see freedom.

​

Freedom was not what I saw.

​

All I saw was more flesh and decay. Only visible due to some faint light
that found lucky areas with thin enough skin throughout and large enough
internal pools of bile and puss. I rolled my eyes up to the top of my
skull, straining to look as my mind just wished for something to bring
hope to my nightmarish situation.

​

What I saw was the reason for my temporary relief, as I noticed the
bloated corpse from before, its heft being rolled under, propping up the
flesh just before it’s arrival. Its head seemed to have became stuck in
the flesh behind it temporarily, as it was not rolled under the mass but
instead looking back at me.

​

It’s eye were milky white, mouth loosely open with a toothless maw that
released maggots sporadically with a nearly black tongue rolling out,
purple and swollen. Fear gripped me as it reached me, afraid for what
could happen. Would it consume me? Scream? No it seemed lifeless, just a
more intricate part of this maggot feast.

​

I shut my eyes tightly, the bleeding had subsided a while ago so I
attempted to take deep, quick breathes to shut myself from this corpse
as it overtook me. The open mouth caught over parts of my face for
moments with a wetness lapping at me, it’s tongue scraping across my
face.

​

After all I had experienced, this was nothing much worse to deal with,
yet one part of this experience frightened me beyond what I had felt so
far.

​

The open mouth released a quiet breathe.

​

And then another.

​

Once the face passed mine, its chest pushed into me and I felt it
slowly, and unsteadly lower and raise in a way that could not be excused
as the gases of the deceased escaping a corpse.

​

It was not a corpse.

​

Fear gripped me beyond anything I had yet experienced, as I stopped
thinking of death or the hours of facing this crushing rot.

​

I feared that this would continue until I began to rot myself, and my
soft flesh would meld into the amalgamation of larva and visceral
carnage until my eyes decayed, my muscles rotted, and all that remained
was my thoughts as I became the second bloated mass of previous human
attached to the mound. I prayed and prayed to not be consumed into it,
to not become a part.

​

Every time a snag occured, where a tough piece of flesh caught on me for
a moment too long, I shoke in fear that my existence would be combined
with that of the corpse slug above me. Sucked up till my legs were
swimming in bile and flesh as my body was left to be consumed and used
as a nest for countless generations of insects until I lost sensation
and became naught but a ruined consciousness forever rolling with the
other poor soul on this ride. I gripped the dirt above my head, even
with how poorly I could manage due to the way my arms laid, all in
preparation to use every ounce of my earthly strength to resist when the
mass pulled me in.

​

Yet that didn’t occur, against my fears, the being never took me. All it
did was expose me to the foulest form of every sense. Repeatedly and
unrelenting in its goal of ruining my peace of mind for the remainder of
my waking hours on this planet.

​

And then I could move my feet.

​

Then my legs.

​

The creature had continued, for a number of hours I cannot properly
guess. Until it had passed over me, releasing my waist next. And slowly
moving up to my chest. I feared becoming hopeful, that my salvation
would be soul crushingly dashed by the behemoths choosing to stop, or, I
fear to even imagine, its decisions to reverse its movement.

​

Yet my greatest fears were not realized, it continued the same as it had
for hours. As if my suffering, my damnation beneath it was nothing but
the same suffering the gravel beneath a boot incurs, and perhaps it was
the same.

​

Once my face was released, painfully slow, I opened my eyes, the lids
crusted shut with I wish to not imagine what. I immediately scrambled
up, pain shooting through every inch of my body, my concussion not
forgetting it’s own existence.

​

Yet I cared not. I scrambled up, ignoring the pain and frantically ran,
tearing through brush and branch alike. I fell more times than I can
count, instantly popping back to my feet regardless of how hard I hit
the ground.

​

I could still hear the rumbling, now truly, thanks to the filth dropping
from my ears and clearing one of my senses slightly. Whether the sound
was imagined after so long, I do not care as it fueled me to run like I
have never and will never again. I traveled miles in a time I would
previously consider fantasy, no direction until I had broken past a
tree, foot catching a root, and the flesh on my hands being ripped apart
by asphalt.

​

I had reached a road.

​

I didn’t stop, my mind may have been plagued with every possible
distraction, but I still managed to run the correct direction on that
road. I didn’t stop, not once my legs burnt as if hellflame had seeped
into my muscles, not once vomit laced with the occasional maggot shot
out my mouth and behind me, and not once darkness began to set. Not
until I saw that wooden cabin and almost crashed into the door.

​

I still didnt rest or stop. I grabbed the large basin used for numerous
things while you stayed here, what I used it for would require a new one
to be bought.

​

I emptied every jug of water we had gathered and stored from the well
behind the cabin for use in washing, cooking, and various other
situations into my soon to be saviour, stripping my ruined clothes off
thag I would later burn, and pouring the water over myself while I
frantically worked. When I went to grab the last jug, I saw it, bleach.
I poured the entire jug in without hesitation, with no better judgement
to go against, and submerged myself. I held my breathe and let my
entirety be taken over by the water until my already burning lungs felt
prime to burst and I thrashed to the surface sputtering and coughing.

​

I then sobbed, sitting in my bleach bath I sobbed and vomitted to the
side for at least an hour.

​

My eyes are still swollen, and I can’t taste the vomit as I rinsed my
mouth with the bleach water, stifling the urge to drink it and cleanse
what had entered my stomach during the ordeal. Hopefully I vomited it
all out.

​

So I sit here, the sun beginning to rise as I still smell and feel my
demeneted and decayed god all around me. I don’t think calling what I
experienced in would do anything, because that road, and yes, I am not
the absolute best with directions, but I swear that road should have ran
almost perpendicular to the path, yet no sign of it was there, and with
the creatures immense size, the path must’ve stretched far past that
road, yet once again, no sign of it was ever noticed during my fear
fueled run.

​

I don’t think I will ever feel clean. The stinging of my blistering skin
helps me ignore it, but only so much. I think I will bath one more time,
then find a way to a hospital for chemical burns and a concussion.

​

Thank you, whether it be a reader or just the device I write on, for
letting me share some of my burden. I know everything I have said sound
like the rantings of the insane, and I agree. But I also remember ever
inch of that flesh that soiled and tainted my own. Finally, I wish to
mention something, and this might be me imagining what I saw in my fear
ridden state, but for the sake of my sanity, I will state it as if I am
sure it happened.

​

When my crusted eyes opened, moments before my scramble and death sprint
to safety, I, for but a second, looked at the rot and it rolled on, with
the corpse, or person, standing tall adorning its vile nature. Yet
instead of facing away in the same direction it had during my torture
and even my initial sighting, it was somehow turned toward me. It seemed
to hold some look of pride that could be felt in that quick moment.

​

And it was smiling.
