I’ve always found myself getting mixed up with the wrong crowd. It’s not
something I did on purpose. I guess I have a certain look about me or
something that attracts these people. It was this combination of
questionable friends and money issues that made me start selling drugs
in the first place. The act of selling was just as addictive as anything
I sold.

After a few months, I met a guy that worked as a middleman for some
big-time manufacturer. It was dead simple. I’d get a burner phone and
tell him what I needed and how much. He’d drop it off somewhere and tell
me where to drop off the money. After our deal was done, I’d throw away
the burner and get a new one when I ran out of product.

It was a good way to cover my tracks and make sure, if I ever got
busted, the cops couldn’t tie me to any previous deal. Not that I was
ever too worried about the cops; they’re shockingly easy to avoid. Other
dealers, on the other hand, were a real problem.

It was a week ago that I got jumped by a small-time dealer. Not sure
how. Maybe we didn’t switch up the pickup spot frequently enough.
Doesn’t matter. What does matter is that the guy who jumped me was
young, inexperienced, and high on something, probably coke. He brought a
gun and tried to rob me as I was picking up a stash from some forgotten
alleyway. It’s all a bit of a blur by now. He tackled me and we both hit
the ground. I felt his weight on top of me as we struggled. When the gun
went off, it felt like someone smashed a brick against my eardrums. I
felt his blood soak into my shirt. It was warm and flowed across my
entire chest. I don’t know where he got hit, but his body went limp in
an instant. I scrambled to my feet and pushed him off me.

I threw up once I saw his body on the ground. I ran home even though I
could barely stand. I smoked, snorted, and drank whatever I had. I
cried, and my hands didn’t stop shaking the entire night. I had never
expected someone to die. I really did believe that this was just an easy
way to make some extra money.

At some point, I blacked out and woke up on the floor, surrounded by
empty cans of beer and a few bottles of something stronger. My burner
phone was next to me, vibrating. I reluctantly picked it up, only to see
a flood of messages from some unknown number.

“You killed me.” “I can still taste your vomit in my mouth.” “The rats
have found me.”

I didn’t really know what the appropriate reaction would’ve been. It
probably wasn’t to throw up again, but that’s what I did. After cleaning
up my carpet, I got rid of the phone. I got rid of everything that tied
me to dealing. The only thing left was the stash I had picked up that
night. I found myself using it more and more frequently. I couldn’t
sleep, so I just took enough to black out every few days. The messages
didn’t stop. I got a new phone. I went through several numbers. They
still came.

“It’s dark here…” “There’s others with me.” “They are hungry.”

Eventually, I threw away my phone and didn’t get a new one. Luckily, my
laptop hasn’t gotten any weird messages. I haven’t left my apartment in
days. I noticed a guy walking around outside every night. Not at the
same time, but always when it’s dark. He just circles around my building
for an hour or two. Yesterday, he slid a letter under my door.

“I told them your name. I think they’re getting close. The rats are good
company.”

My apartment has become a fucking mess. The buzzing of flies is
constant. Everything smells like mold and rot. There’s maggots crawling
around somewhere, I think. I can hear them.

The figure is back tonight. He’s standing with his face pressed up
against my bedroom window as I’m writing this. I live on the fifth
floor. He just started knocking.

What do I do? Please help.
