It was one of those sounds you just want to ignore. Like a baby
screaming in Church. In this case, I assumed it was some drugged out
homeless guy, yelling obscenities at Sunday afternoon shoppers. When I
heard it again I had to turn around, something was off. It sounded
guttural and squishy, not quite human. Then I heard real screams.

The parking lot at the grocery store was busy, the sun beat down on the
asphalt relentlessly. Through squinting eyes I looked back towards the
store, and there, just out front, was the strangest thing I had ever,
and God willing, will ever see in my life. There was something there.
Six feet tall or more, its skin was a pale sickly green color, covered
in strange oozing lumps, large yellow eyes stuck up off of the top of
its head, and its gigantic mouth was opened wide, letting out another
ghastly bellow. People were running, in the pandemonium shopping carts
were rolling everywhere, several fender benders took place in a matter
of a few seconds. The thing was moving, waddling forward, looking up at
the sky and screaming that awful croaking sound. One woman slammed her
shopping cart full of groceries right into it, and it fell to the ground
in a heap, and stopped moving.

The thing was dead, that was sure, ten or so curious bystanders, myself
included, stood around poking at it. It looked like a giant frog. One of
its arms was much smaller and considerably more frog-like than the
other. It smelled like pond mud, and flies soon collected around its
eyes and mouth. The police were there only a few moments later. No one
had an answer, and no one bothered to try and come up with one.

I couldn’t really just go about my day after that. I tried. I went home,
put my groceries away, tried to watch some tv but I couldn’t get the
image of that thing, that swampy, slimy, beast, out of my mind. When it
was beginning to get dark I gave up on trying to forget it myself, and
decided that I needed a little liquid amnesia to wash the image from my
head. In the state I was in all day I had forgotten to charge my phone,
but the silence in my car was far too loud, I found it filling with the
raspy wet croaks of that horrid thing. I turned up the radio, I couldn’t
find any good music, and the local news was the only station that was
coming in without static.

“…witnesses claim the beast was well over seven feet tall, and was
attempting to eat local shoppers…” I slammed the off button, I didn’t
want to hear it, I preferred the silence, I rolled my window down and
let the wind sing. Passing over a few creeks I could hear the frogs, it
was oddly similar to the sound of that thing. I welcomed the sight of
the bar when it appeared up ahead.

Of course, that was all I heard about at the bar too. The story, like
the creature itself, had mutated since this afternoon. By the end of the
night the thing would have a body count if it kept going like this.
There was one story I heard however, which was different from the rest.
Everyone else was just recapping what they saw at the store, funny how
everyone just so happened to be at the grocery store when this happened.
This story though, I think it had some credence to it.

“Well it was a few nights back. Wife and I were in bed, kids was asleep.
Then that ol’ dog of mine tore off barking, like I ain’t ever heard him
bark before. Growling too, woke me right up. I flipped the back patio
light on and stepped out to see what was goin’ on. I could see
somethin’, somethin’ large, sitting, kinda squatted just out of view of
the light, but I could make out his silhouette. I grabbed my big
flashlight I keep right there by the door and shined it out. Its eyes
glowed when the lights hit it, seen that unmistakable glint many times
out frog giggin’ as a boy. These eyes though, they were much bigger.
Can’t say I believed my own eyes at the time, but, after what I heard
about today, I reckon it was real.”

That night, I sat up in my living room, tv playing some video on full
blast. I took my Dad’s old shotgun out of the closet. Hadn’t even looked
at it in years, but I wasn’t taking any chances. The motion detector
light went off by my garage, I could see it through the side window in
the front room. Heart racing, I crept up, gun in hand, seated just below
the window. I slowly lifted my head and turned around. Outside I saw a
stray cat, staring up into the window, breathing harder than me. Relief
washed over me like an ocean wave. I stayed there by the window for
another hour, outside it was dark, my house, a haven of light. I moved
to the couch after some time, and stayed there, at times having to hold
my eyes open, until, after the long night watch, I saw the morning sun
send out its earliest signal, as sickly pink light began to assimilate
into the dark sky.

I packed a lunch for myself and drove to work. I knew my shift would be
a nightmare, having had no sleep, but I couldn’t afford to miss a day.
I’m a groundskeeper at one of our local parks. Aside from my normal
duties, my boss pointed out something strange to me, and put me in
charge of investigating. The creek that runs through the park, despite
the drought we have been in, was full of water. It was pale and murky,
and there was far more water in it than there had been in the last few
weeks.

“If you find some time today, I’d like you to walk up the creek as far
as you can, see if you can find the source of this, might be a busted
pipe.”

I always enjoy getting a special job, it keeps me away from my
coworkers, an overly colorful cast of characters, always getting in
trouble, and rarely listening to our boss; I much prefer to work on my
own. I hurried through my other duties and headed down to the creek.

I felt a sense of unease at every ripple in the water, and I couldn’t
shake the thought of one of those creatures, swimming just beneath the
surface. I walked down the bank of the creek for a few hours, until I
was well out of the park. I stopped at the place where the creek flowed
into a spillway just below a lake. The concrete pit of the spillway was
full of the same murky water that was in the creek. I walked up to the
top of the dam to check the lake water, which was, to my surprise,
crystal clear, as normal. I checked my phone for the time, If I turned
back now I would make it back to the park right at quitting time. Making
my way back down to the creek I noticed something strange in the mud
close to the spillway. Footprints, large, webbed, three toed. My stomach
sank. I could see a trail of them through the mud, disappearing on the
concrete of the spillway. I ran most of the way back to the park. My
heart was beating out of my chest, the whole time I imagined that the
giant frog-like creature was just on my heels. Of course, this was all
in my head. But with no sleep, it felt real to me.

When I got home from work I crashed on the couch; turned the tv on, and
fell asleep. I woke up several hours later. It was dark outside by then.
The local news station was on. I rubbed sleep from my eyes and sat up,
facing the screen.

BREAKING NEWS

“A group of seven teens reports a harrowing encounter, which turned an
evening escapade, into a night of nightmares.”

I watched as they cut to an interview. There was a young kid, maybe 16
or 17, he looked disheveled, his shirt was caked in mud, his hair was
messy, muddy as well. He spoke shakily, breathing heavy.

“So, we were, um, out at the lake, out at the uh, the uh, spillway, you
know, right where it flows in to the creek, well we were all smo…uh
hanging out back there and uh, something came out of the creek,
something, huge, great big eyes, like a frog or some shi…something you
know, I guess we saw that thing that was out at the store yesterday or
something, but yeah.”

It cut back to the host.

“The teens say they spotted the creature around two this morning, and
believe that what they saw matches the description of the creature
allegedly spotted outside of a local grocery store Sunday afternoon”

I clicked the tv off and my eyes focused on my reflection. I looked like
trash, large bags under my eyes, hair soaked in sweat from heavy fevered
sleep. I poured a glass of water from the sink and took it down in one
gulp. After a shower, I walked into my bedroom and collapsed into sleep
on my bed.

I woke up to my alarm the next morning, still feeling like crap. I
wanted to call in sick, but I also knew I really needed a full paycheck
this pay period. I missed a handful of days last pay period and that
paycheck was already mostly gone. I got up out of bed and a terrible
ache overcame my whole body. There was no way I could make it to work
today, let alone get anything done if I did make it. I called in, set my
phone back down on my nightstand, and went back to sleep.

When I woke up again I felt incredibly dehydrated. I stumbled into the
kitchen and drank two or three glasses of water in a row. When I went to
check my phone I had several missed messages, from friends, family, and
even my boss.

Boss: “No work tomorrow, obviously, park will be shut down for a few
days.”

Mom: “Are you okay sweetie? Were you there? Hope all is well, call when
you can.”

Jake: Dude! Were you there when they found the body? That probably
really messed you up, call if you wanna talk.”

I rushed for the living room and turned the tv on.

I was shocked to see my coworker Darrel front and center on my screen.
Darrel was not a man cut out for television. Cigarette hanging from his
mouth, he was shouting into the microphone the reporter had stuck in his
face.

“We was out doin’ the trash this mornin’ an’ we smelled somethin’ real
bad. You’ll get that takin’ out the park trash, this was really bad
though, smelled like a *bleep* *bleep* piece of *bleep*,”

I would have laughed at Darrel’s painfully off color speech if I wasn’t
freaked out.

My eyes glanced toward the bottom of the screen, a big banner read,
Mutilated Body Found in Local Park

Evidently my coworkers had discovered a horribly mangled body face down
in the murky creek this morning. Worst of all, it was a local
highschooler. Just a kid really, probably fifteen or sixteen. If I had
gone to work this morning, it very well could have been me that ran
across that body. But I wasn’t, I had some messages to reply to. My
mother was relieved to find out that I had not been at the park, but
worried again by my sudden illness.

“It’s just a mild flu or something Ma, I’ll head out and get some meds
this evening.”

“Be careful sweetheart.”

I could feel a collective panic gripping the streets as I walked up the
sidewalk to the drug store that evening. The moon was high and bright.
Not many people were out, and those that were, moved quickly, keeping
eyes over their shoulders. I must say I was on edge myself. Just before
the sliding door opened I swore I heard a wet footstep slap the pavement
behind me. I didn’t even turn, I just wanted to get some medicine and
leave as soon as I could.

The fluorescent lights hummed overhead in the nearly empty pharmacy. It
was just me and the clerk. It wasn’t really that late, any other night
the place would have been moderately busy, but after today’s events, the
whole town seemed empty. Scanning the shelves for some antibiotics my
ears caught glimpse of a strange noise coming from the front of the
store. It was like a wet growl, low, rattling, from the back of some
massive throat. A damp squishing sound came after it. Then I heard the
clerk.

“What the…!” The thing growled again, drowning out the clerk’s screams.

I dropped to the ground, taking cover behind the shelves. I dared to
steal a glance towards the front. Whatever had come in, it was gone. The
clerk was backed against the cigarette shelf behind him, eyes wide,
paralyzed with fear. The automatic door was just shutting, and I thought
I caught a glimpse of a green, webbed foot just rounding the corner of
the doorframe on its way out. I stayed crouched behind the shelf for a
few more minutes, just to ensure that the thing would not come back.
Then I stood up, and cautiously approached the counter.

I set the box of antibiotics down and looked up at the catatonic
cashier. He looked back at me with wide eyes, then looked down at the
box of pills.

“They’re all yours man, on the house.” He said after some time.

I grabbed the pills and headed out. I wondered now why I had parked so
far away. I kept my head on a swivel. Telling myself not to run. The
closer I got to my car though, the faster my steps became. In front of
me I saw another pedestrian, he was coming towards me along the
sidewalk. The longer I watched him I began to notice something strange
about his gate. He walked with a pronounced limp, and upon further
investigation I realized that one of his legs was significantly larger
than the other. The man then made a horrible sound, mostly human, but
with a hint of mud in it. It was like a gurgled cough, that sounded just
froggy enough to set me on edge. I turned and began running the other
way, deciding that I would run the long way around the block back to my
car.

As I ran back past the drug store I saw a shape come out from the side
of the building, large and hulking, it came towards me with long
extended strides, my run turned to a sprint, I saw another shape
bounding towards me as I rounded the last turn on the block, my car was
just ahead. I could hear the wet footsteps slapping the concrete fast
and hard just behind me. I ran faster, and faster and faster. When I
came close I reached for my keys and unlocked my car. Faster and faster,
quicker than I had ever run before. The footsteps were right behind me,
I opened the car door and slammed it shut, locking it back as quickly as
I could. I sat there in the dark shopping center parking lot, gathering
my senses, and my breath. I looked out the window. The shapes weren’t
nearly as close as I had suspected. But I could see, just beyond the
streetlights, three strange silhouettes in the black. Staring back at my
car. When I fired up the engine and the headlights hit them all I could
see were their eyes staring back at me. The most unsettling part was
that one of the three shapes was distinctly more human than the others.
Yet still, it’s eyes glowed the same as the other two.

I called the police, but the line was busy, I didn’t know that 9-1-1
could be busy. Nevertheless it was, I hung up. Pulling out of the
parking lot my misfortune led me to a stale red light. I stopped.
Watching through the mirror behind me as the shapes came closer, one of
them not stepping, or walking, but jumping, I looked both ways and sped
through the light and out of town. Once home I locked all of my doors,
drew all of the blinds, and sat up in my room, clenching my gun tightly
in hand. I didn’t sleep until I saw daylight peaking through the shades.

I awoke with a splitting headache. I felt cold, despite the heat seeping
in through the windows. I opened the shades and felt invigorated by the
warm sunlight cascading in. It was well after four in the afternoon when
I finally woke up. Overall, I still felt terrible. I downed a couple of
the antibiotics with a few glasses of water.

I had always heard that whiskey could help an illness like this. I
grabbed my keys and left my house. It was after five when I got to the
bar. I found it already full of patrons. The place was buzzing with
conversation, all of it regarding the things which were terrorizing our
town.

I found out that many others, like myself, were feeling less than well.
Of course, as if the creatures weren’t enough, the flu had also come to
town. I ordered a whiskey and sat down at the bar.

“The police aren’t doin’ a dern thing. We’s got to take this into our
own hands.” A man said, answered by a chorus of amens from those around.

“You’ve seen ’em aint’cha?” The man turned to me.

“Three of them chased me to my car last night in the middle of town.”

“Well then, you comin’ with us to go hunt ’em down. To go end this, this
invasion, or plague, whatever you wanna call it?”

“Yeah, I’m in.” I said. A terrible cough welled up in my throat. I
fought it back with another sip of whiskey. “I think some of them live
around the lake, out by the spillway.”

“What makes you believe that?”

“I work at the park, saw footprints out by the lake the other day, the
day before that body turned up.”

The men all decided that we would go home and get our guns, and meet
back at the bar just before sunset. I finished my whiskey and went back
home to gather some gear. I grabbed a headlamp, a handheld flashlight,
my father’s shotgun, and a pocketful of shells.

The moon was high and bright, leaving little need for flashlights as we
walked across the pond dam towards the spillway.

There were about six of us that actually showed up, though significantly
more had agreed to come back at the bar. My gun was loaded and slung
across my shoulder, as we neared the spillway I clicked on my
flashlight, and my headlamp.

The choir of crickets and frogs, a sound which had brought me peace many
nights previous, now set my stomach on edge. I felt another terrible
cough come up to my throat, I tried holding it back, so as not to make
too much noise. When we neared the spillway we couldn’t see anything at
first. There were some eyes which our lights caught a glimpse of, but
these were normal sized frog and spider eyes, nothing out of the
ordinary. Standing on top of the dam, shining the lights down into the
concrete pit that was the spillway, showed us nothing more. I clicked my
handheld light off and clipped it onto my belt. I brought my shotgun
around into my hands. We crept down around the spillway and down into
the creek.

The water in the creek was not far above our ankles. Above us near the
bank came a rustling sound. Instantly six flashlights and six gun
barrels pointed to the place where the noise came from. A small deer
stared back at us, moving its head in that curious way, trying to see
around our lights. The guns and the lights moved back into position
ahead, and we pressed forward. The water became a little deeper, and our
progress slowed. Any deeper than over our knees and we would have to get
out and walk the bank.

Behind us, a large splash, lights and guns turned. Ripples in the water
showed sign of something large having just submerged. Frantically we
hurried for the bank, clambering up, several slipping in the mud. Myself
and an older gentleman named Hank made it up onto one bank, and the
other four guys had scurried up the other one. Lights shined down into
the creek below us, guns were shouldered and aimed.

I’m not sure who shot first, but in the end we all emptied our guns into
the water below. We stood frozen in the silence that followed, the water
was churned up, we watched it, waiting to see blood rise to the top.
Nothing. Wet footsteps scurried past us in the woods ahead. Lights
swiveled around. A few tried to reload as quickly as possible. I caught
a glimpse of the thing, just as it ducked behind a thick patch of brush.
I could see its eyes, and ten or fifteen more sets of them all around
it.

“Oh my God.” I whispered to myself. The other men shone their lights
where mine was. There crouched in the marshy brush, a whole horde of the
vile things. Someone dared to step closer, then one of the shapes
jumped. Its lumpy hulking form rose up before us, the thing had to be
seven feet tall at the least. I hadn’t been able to reload my gun. So I
did the only thing I could do, I ran. When I took off, Hank followed
suit. I heard a few more gunshots coming from the other side of the
creek as I fled back towards the dam. I could also hear those things,
croaking, screaming, and running after us. The sound was wild and
frantic, and one I will not soon forget.

I learned from the news report the next day that a couple of those guys
hadn’t made it back home yet. Police were searching the area for them
now. I cooperated the best I could in telling them where to look, but I
refused to go back out there.

“Researchers believe that a chemical agent, illegally dumped into the
creek, might be responsible for the surge in mutated aquatic and semi
aquatic wildlife in Jasper County. The state health department has
issued a ‘Do Not Consume’ order for any residents whose water comes from
Jasper Lake. More on this after these messages.”

The report continued, I heard it faintly from the bathroom. I looked up
into the mirror at my yellowing eyes, the bags under them were
solidifying and darkening. My skin was starting to take on an odd shade
of green.

I splashed some water across my face, and a cough welled up in my
throat.
