The thing in the fog is not like many things. I don’t think it’s a
“thing” at all. I’m not entirely sure what it is or where it comes from.
It’s unearthly, and I feel it would be an insult to call it an alien. I
don’t think it’s of this realm or dimension or some Marvel multiverse
bullshit, if I’m being honest. This thing attacked me out of nowhere and
that scream, that spine tingling scream was layered with a guttural
growl from the depths of hell. It’s still ringing in my ears. It’s
etched in my brain or it’s still here with me.

Either way, I’m trying to tell you everything I know before I die in
this cave. I’ve accepted my fate. I’ve been crawling and wandering for
what feels like an eternity. The walls feel damp with smooth ridges,
which I imagine is what the inside of a cave feels like. But this cave
moves. It shifts. The walls and floor have a slight give to it. I know
that’s not normal. The walls glisten but I’m not sure where the light is
coming from to cause the glistening.

I found this phone and it’s been my only source of light. I don’t want
to drain the battery, so I’ve been conserving what little there is left.
I know there’s not much time. What better way to spend my last bit of
time than writing in some random persons notes app. Who am I even
writing to? No one will see this.

It’s over. This thing has ruined everything. Every hope and dream is now
nothing. My legacy is nothing. I won’t be remembered. A passing thought
to those who knew me when they see something that reminds them of me.
Once they are gone, that’s it. How did every action in my life lead up
to this moment. How do you have a funeral without a body. I’ll be
another name labeled on a missing persons poster. A cold case. My cold,
rotting flesh will exist in this place forever. My bones will be picked
clean by whatever creature makes its way to me.

I found this phone but no trace of its owner. I can’t imagine they made
it out, but they made it farther than this phone did. I can only
continue to wander. I can only hope that you believe me.

Believe that I truly tried everything to escape this cave. That this
steady breath on my neck is only my imagination. That the condensation
running down my back is sweat and not the accumulation of humidity from
the breath.

I truly tried everything. I was promised so much success in my life.

It breathes when I breathe.

I will never have a family. I will never get that promotion. And I was
promised that promotion. I worked harder than everyone and I’m not
egotistical.

It brushed the back of my neck, I can feel it.

I am not crazy.

I am not scared.

I will not die he-
