I wasn’t planning on posting this, but I don’t really know who else to
tell.

A few weeks ago, I agreed to house-sit for an older couple I found on
Craigslist who were looking for someone to watch their house and dog
while they were out of town for a little over a week.

Their names were Raph and Darlene Fredrickson.

Their dog, Percy, is probably one of the sweetest dogs I’ve ever met.
He’s a big guy, but he wouldn’t hurt a fly. He’d happily spend all day
following you around, and he never seemed like the kind of dog who would
be aggressive toward anyone.

Before they left, Darlene mentioned something to me.

“He’s been acting weird lately, Wayne,” she said. “Mostly at night.”

I laughed. “What do you mean?”

“He’s been staring at the attic door and keeps barking,” she replied.
“Raph thinks there must be some critter up there, but he hasn’t checked
yet.”

“I’m going to,” Raph added. “I’m not the same young fella I used to be.”

At the time, I didn’t think much of it.

I probably should have.

After they left, I found a note stuck to the fridge with a magnet. It
was a list of rules that needed to be followed during the week.

1.  Feed Percy twice a day.
2.  Make sure Percy has fresh water.
3.  Keep Percy inside after dark.
4.  Lock the doors and windows at night.
5.  Take the trash out on Tuesday. Garbage night.
6.  Turn on the thermostat when it reaches 80°.
7.  Check the mail.
8.  Give Percy his medicine three times a day.
9.  If you hear noises, it’s probably the pipes.
10. Please keep the pantry closed.

I thought the last few were a little strange. Their house was really
old, the kind of old that showed in every corner. The grass outside was
dead, the paint was chipped away from the walls, and there were other
things that made the place look like it hadn’t been taken care of in
years. From the outside, it looked almost abandoned.

But inside, it was strangely beautiful. Glass display cabinets filled
with little porcelain figurines lined the walls, along with other things
that looked like they had been there for generations. The tiled floors
stretched throughout the house, and shelves were filled with old books,
framed photographs, and little decorations. Everything looked old, but
there was something beautiful about it.

For a while, everything inside the house was normal. Percy mostly stayed
on my lap, demanding to be petted, while I cleaned up around the house.

When I started the vacuum, he began barking.

At first, I thought it was probably just how dogs usually acted around
vacuums. But he wasn’t barking at me.

He was barking toward the attic.

I stared at him for a moment, then turned on the vacuum and ran it over
the carpets in each room.

That night, I lay in the guest bed with Percy resting beside the foot of
it. I woke up a little later, probably around 2 a.m., and opened my eyes
to see his ears perked up, like he was waiting for something to happen.

I figured it was probably a car passing by in the neighborhood until I
heard it.

The floorboards creaked upstairs.

Was my mind playing tricks on me?

I should’ve been the only one in the house, other than Percy.

But Percy wasn’t looking at me.

He was staring at the bedroom door.

If Percy wasn’t the one making the noises, then they must have been
coming from somewhere else in the house.

Another creak sounded out of nowhere. This time, Percy jumped off the
bed and ran out, barking.

I groaned, shoving the covers off me. I leapt out of bed and followed
him.

“Percy!” I called, whistling and snapping my fingers, but he just kept
barking again and again until I reached down to pick him up.

He startled and scratched my forearm. Deep. Almost too deep.

I let go of him as a sharp pain shot through my skin. Blood began
staining my sleeve. I rushed into the bathroom next to the guest room
and turned on the faucet, my face scrunched up as I winced while
cleaning the wound.

The second I got back into bed, Percy jumped up and snuggled next to me.
I pulled him close with my uninjured arm, the other wrapped in bandages.

I know it sounds crazy, but I started wondering if Percy could sense
something I couldn’t.
