Game (hunting) /gām/: wild animals, birds, or fish hunted for animal
products, recreation, or trophies.

Overlooked and overdeveloped, that was my hometown. A place neatly cut
from a sea of trees, a single oasis of human life connected to the rest
of the world by thin winding veins of poorly kept asphalt. And the
rotting timber remains of train tracks long since abandoned.

The town had a small and short-lived boom before I was born, some minor
country star purchased a cabin out here for the rustic charm. She
convinced some rich friends to get vacation homes, and with it came some
notoriety. A handful of families moved in all at once, causing a sudden
influx of businesses seeking to take their slice of the projected pie. 

Soon the rustic quiet life became swept up in a flourish of change and
industry. A few people actually got up and cheered when they announced
they were adding a mini mall to our soon-to-be renovated downtown. 

But things didn’t last, the influx of new people was a short lived spark
that lit no fire. The buyers never came, the new houses never filled or
never finished. And with nothing left to prepare for, the renovations
were all but abandoned. 

The remnants of which left scars of unfinished concrete foundations
impaled with rusting rebar, and the dilapidated wood innards of houses
never made homes. A monument to empty promises and misguided spending
that left a sour taste with all that once hoped. 

And though there was a long list of issues that factored into the failed
development, most people around here attribute it to the tragic
disappearance of that country singer. She and five other people went
missing while camping together, minor celebrities and their friends,
just gone without a trace. It made national news.

The search was maintained for years, but they never found any of them,
no bodies, no closure. There was blood at the campsite but no apparent
sign of struggle, not that they televised that part. But the damage was
already done, for most people their first time hearing our town’s name
was tacked on to speculation about the possible murder or human
trafficking of a beloved country star.

It was especially shocking to people as we’d never experienced something
so severe. Things like petty theft became the talk of the block, and
people still bring up the time a gas station got held up on the edge of
town over ten years ago. For a place as sedimentary as this it was
unprecedented, and we were eager to forget it for our reputations sake.
Some might call it sweeping it under the rug, others call it ignorant
bliss, a manufactured distance from the memory. 

Our town became poorer than ever, people that could afford to leave did,
everyone else was left to pick up the pieces. At least that’s how the
adults talk about it, a lot of people found purpose in doing their part
to help fix the town no matter how small. But for the younger generation
it felt like everyone’s dream was to just get the hell out of here. 

We had very little, even less once the only bowling alley closed, its
bar remaining open despite the lanes shutting down only added salt to
the wound. Most people my age struggled to find anything to do as it
was, every loss of a possible activity was a hammer blow to our efforts
against boredom. 

The one thing we did have was the woods, cradling our town on all sides
like a tight swaddle of endless green. The most serene of which was a
stretch of particularly lush forest to the north, an array of small
hills and flats of dense woods split by foot worn paths. It looked like
something straight out of a fairytale, brimming with life and beauty. 

A river cut through the scenery, providing a cool respite from hot
summers and a natural draw for wildlife. The area became widely popular
for camping, hiking, and swimming making it a treasured place for the
community. 

My friends and I had even begun turning our hangout spot into a fort.
Though we only finished a small outhouse sized shack and a fire pit, we
were still incredibly proud of our secret place away from everything. 

A lot of people held special memories in those woods, bonfire parties
and camping trips happened year-round. It really felt like all we had,
but now it’s been nearly four years since the land was sold and fenced
off. Right in the beginning of my eight grade year they started building
the perimeter fence and the buildings within. A wealthy middle aged man
who started his own tech company or something, bought the place to make
it his trophy hunting sanctuary. And in doing so lined the pockets of
our city, or so I’ve been told. 

The school got an updated playground and cafeteria, and several
stretches of road and sidewalk were completely redone. Which was enough
to quell most adults that were up in arms about losing tens of acres of
public woods, but for the younger generation it was a devastating loss. 

Since the land was sold, my friends and I had half jokingly vowed
revenge against the guy and our stolen land. Which over time grew into a
real concrete mission that we spent many days brainstorming and
preparing for. It was fun, we felt like criminals planning the perfect
heist and in a way we kind of where.

Our deadline was adulthood, we agreed we had to take our revenge before
we could be charged as adults. As from what we heard the owner was the
type to press charges on those that ‘wander’ onto his property. And with
our senior year looming around the corner, enacting our plan took on a
new urgency. 

But finally after years of speculation and prep we had the perfect
opportunity to test our plan. And as I finished packing my backpack with
everything I could think to bring, I felt a sense of immense pride at
what we had accomplished so far. Caught or not, we would remember this
for the rest of our lives.

—————————————————————————————

Slowly I inched my window open as quietly as possible, the hot noon air
flooding through as I threw my leg over the window seal. I glanced back
to my room one last time half expecting my mom to be standing at the
door. Hopefully by the time she notices I’m gone, I’ll already be across
town neck deep in a trespassing charge. I dropped to a low crouch as I
finished pulling the window shut behind me, and once I was far enough
from the house I ran the rest of the way. If everything is timed right,
my friends should swing down the street just as I reach it for the
perfect getaway.

But of course as usual, Shaun was not on time and so I crouched behind
some brush and waited.

I leaned in from the treeline to scan the road again, reluctant to leave
my only respite from the beating summer sun. Still nothing, they
should’ve been here already, and they know I’m fucked once my mom
catches me sneaking out again.

Chancing another glance down the road, I finally spot Shaun’s ancient
ford explorer making the turn at the top of my street. I spotted his mop
of shaggy blonde hair behind the steering wheel, as they pulled over
jaggedly and I scrambled into the backseat. I settled into my chair with
a mocking “took ya long enough”, before noticing that George wasn’t the
one in the passenger seat. 

“Samantha?” I asked as she turned back and her green-speckled eyes met
mine, hazel brown curls swinging over the seat in her wake. I forced a
fake smile as she spoke “Hey Daniel, we used to chat in chemistry last
year” she explained our familiarity with the rest of the car. “Shaun
told me about what you guys were doing and I am totally down.” 

“Oh did he?” I shot a glance to George across the backseat. 

Much too tall to be anywhere but shotgun, he sat with his legs spread
awkwardly so his knees weren’t crammed into the chair in front of him.
His usual mane of thick curly hair was cut short for the summer, his
dark brown eyes the same color as what remained on his head. George and
I had known each other since we were little kids, if i’d call anyone my
best friend it would be him. My mom calls George her second son, he
lived with us for over a year back in the seventh grade while he was
having family issues.

We exchanged a brief look and I understood why Samantha was here. His
smirk and shooting glance at our driver confirmed for me that Shaun had
a thing for her, and like it or not he was our friend and the only one
with a car. 

“Yeah I mean we really could use all the help we can get and she won’t
snitch.” Shaun chimed before Samantha had to.

I didn’t feel keen on adding someone to our mission who I’d only talked
to a handful of times, but admittedly she was cute and I could help
break the ice between her and Shaun.

“So she’s all caught up then?” I ask toward Shaun but George answers.

“Pretty much yeah, she’s in it for the deer or squirrels or whatever.” 

Samantha half scoffed “I’m in it because that guy is a total rich
asshole, buying up woods that the whole community used? Just to shoot
animals? He doesn’t sell meat, he’s a game hunter. Killing just for the
sport of it.” Samantha increased in volume as she detailed his crimes. 

“Yeah my little brother’s scout troop used to do pretty much all their
camping and hiking with the kids there, he was super bummed about it
being closed to the public.” Shaun added. 

“My Dad was saying they sold it to the guy because our town is flat
broke.” George said bluntly as he fanned himself with his shirt collar.

“So is he really out of town? Like you guys are sure?” Samantha
questioned, poorly masking her worry. 

“Well he’s either out of town or he shot himself in his cabin” I teased
morbidly before continuing. “My mom said he hasn’t come into town for
groceries in a month.” 

“Well why would that mean he’s out of town? Couldn’t he just order
groceries or something?” Samantha persisted. 

“The property is a total internet dead zone, when Daniel and I went to
scope out the riverbed last week we couldn’t get any service.” Shaun
answered.

We spent the rest of the ride going over our precautions and the overall
plan, we felt proud of how well we thought things out. We joked that we
were professionals, and that this would be our ultimate heist. It’s like
the stars themselves had aligned to allow us to take revenge for the
loss of our fort in the woods. The place where we had our first beers,
where George allegedly got his first handy, where we smoked our first
bowl out of an apple and Shaun threw up from coughing too hard.  

The plan was perfect, the town had been in a drought so long that the
river running through the hunters property had completely dried up. The
river water was funneled out of a wide concrete irrigation tunnel at the
edge of his property. The waters of which typically ran too high and
fast to even swim through, but ever since the river dried up, it became
nothing more than a dingy concrete passage wide enough to fit a car
down. Which is exactly what we planned to do, after we scouted out the
entrance on foot a few weeks prior. We figured with a little maneuvering
and the help of four wheel drive, we could enter through the rocky
riverbed and circumvent the perimeter fences all together. 

Though the entrance plane was solid and avoided the perimeter cameras,
the plan would go nowhere if the hunter was home. As we surmised it was
only a matter of time before we ran into another trail cam and he would
catch us.

We didn’t tell Samantha, but the entire plan relied on the assumption
that the hunter didn’t have a remote alert system. But we assumed that
with no reception, or wifi coverage he most likely couldn’t digitally
check in from out of town. We had accepted this risk, but it seemed that
Shaun had neglected to mention that the plan hung on a ‘most likely’.

Soon we spotted the perimeter fence behind the thin line of roadside
trees. Thick 8 foot columns of black steel jetted out from a concrete
base, held in place by crossbeams of thinner metal that gave it a picket
fence like structure. Each column came to a point at the top, too tall
for wildlife to escape. The fence stretched endlessly in each direction,
running the entire 20 acres of land, boxing it into a neat rectangle. 

We passed by the front gate, our excitement building as we followed the
road along the fence line toward the riverbed. We double checked our
bags as we neared the turnoff, and I took a moment to show our spray
paint to Samantha. Finally we turned off the road, the car bumping and
jolting on its old shocks as we passed over rocks. 

“Okay this is it, it’s gonna be bumpy in the riverbed so hang on.
George, can you guide me?” Shaun asks, turning around to us. 

“Gotcha” George hops out of the car and steps into the tunnel as Shaun
turns his headlights on. “Okay looks like it’s clearest on the left
side, take it slow!” 

George’s voice echoes through the tunnel as he shouts over the engine.
It takes us a few minutes to navigate his car out of the river bed, but
after some maneuvering and bumped heads we emerged into a small clearing
of trees. 

“So are you guys just gonna spray paint some shit? Or are we taking some
real revenge?” Samantha says as she reaches in her bag and produces a
small claw hammer. 

“Whoa we aren’t here to kill anyone” I laugh at her sudden escalation,
eager to ignore her question as we did really only plan to write some
crude messages on his house or spray whatever we came across.

“Im not gonna hurt hurt anyone, it’s to smash any trail cams we find.”
She retorted.

“Oh good idea, we were just gonna spray over the cameras we found.”
Shaun admitted before stepping out of the car. 

“Shit destruction of property? Now we reaallly can’t get caught.” George
says sarcastically.

“Well, did you guys plan for what we’d do if he catches us?” Samantha
prodded  

“Oh yeah Daniel’s got it covered, remember buddy relax your throat and
don’t forget eye contact.” He jokes. “I want a good clean game down
there, don’t neglect his balls and watch the teeth” he says in a mock
transatlantic accent. I laugh shoving him away.

“Common guys really?” Shaun rolls his eyes at us, and George and I
exchange a look before I shake my head disappointedly. 

“Yeah man knock it off there’s a lady present” I say in my best
impression of a nassaly virgin. 

Shaun softly socks my shoulder “Not in front of my car dude” he says
with a fake dude-bro cadence and Samantha giggles, prompting me to raise
a smug eyebrow at Shaun.

The joking died down as we finished collecting our gear, the mission
ahead causing a nervous excitement to fill the air. I noticed some
distant darkening clouds, and decided to point them out mostly to break
the silence. 

“Didn’t it say there was a chance of rain tonight?” I pointed as I
spoke. 

Shaun squinted up at them before answering “Well it looks like they’re
headed away from us, so we should be fine. But even if it does start to
rain, the river shouldn’t get enough water to cause a problem before we
can hike back to the car.” He assured us, and I believed him. 

“And if it does?” Samantha asked after a brief silence. 

“Then we climb the perimeter fence and walk home with our dicks tucked
between our legs.” George answered before us. 

“Pretty much.” I add, already imagining having to ask for Shaun’s car
back and trying to explain how it got there in the first place.

“Alright seriously we should get moving, we only have like six or so
hours until the sun starts setting and-“ suddenly I’m cut off by the
sound of all four of our phones going off at once. Our ringtones blaring
from our pockets as we scrambled to check them, the jingles overlapping
into an overwhelming digital orchestra. 

Finally I declined the call, “no caller ID” I say as it silences. 

“Same here” Samantha adds, we all exchange looks. 

“Should I call back?” George asks, already moving to redial. But before
he could hit the button all of our phones went off a second time. This
time all of us declined the call instantly, except for George who was
raising the phone to his ear and saying “hello?” 

“Dude hang up!” Shaun shouts as George says hello a second time. 

“It automatically hung up.” George says, pulling the phone from his ear
and examining the screen. 

“Let’s just put them on airplane mode so they can’t receive calls” I say
while already doing so. 

“How can we all be getting called at once?” Samantha questions as she
follows suit.

“I’m not sure” Shaun admits and I feel a creeping dread, yet not enough
to deter me from our mission. We speculated for the next half hour what
could have caused it, but even as we did, our legs carried us deeper
into the woods. Our mission had just started, and it felt like each of
us was eager to prove that we wouldn’t be the first one to turn back.

_________________

Taking in the landscape for the first time in years, made me realize
just how much I had taken its natural beauty for granted. It always
seemed corny to me when adults would gush about how breathtaking the
land was. I thought they were being ridiculous, to me it was just the
woods I’d always known. The same trees and trails and dirt as the day
before.

But now, stepping out of the treeline onto a foot-stamped dirt path, I
could really see it for what it was. 

Knee high brushstrokes of vibrant green stalks and wild wheat
encompassed the trail, the thin ends glowing gold from the afternoon
sun. Small birds fluttered between lush green canopies bordering our
path, their calls mixing into a nostalgic melody carried by the calm
breeze. 

It wasn’t just breathtaking, it was alive. Small animals rustled through
the undergrowth, darting away from our path as we passed them by. It
felt like the fauna itself was coming out to say hello, welcoming us
back like an old friend. 

And as if we had been sharing thoughts, Samantha let out a soft “wow”
taking in the scenery. 

“This breeze is a life saver, my balls were starting to pressure cook in
here” George says while fanning the waistline of his jeans. 

“Way to spoil the moment man” Shaun half jokes.

“I’m serious dude, my boys are bakin’, I’m talking sous vide in their
own sweat here.” George says between barely stifled laughter at his own
joke. 

“What the fuck does that even mean” Shaun asked wearily and Samantha
laughed again. 

As we continued to banter, the low topped canopies thinned. Giving way
to towering sycamores interspersed with thick-trunked white oaks and
eastern cottonwoods. Providing a vast sun dotted shade that cooled the
woods ahead. 

Here the ground has much less growth, instead covered with low creeping
ivy and dead leaves. And littered with patches of mushrooms thriving off
soft refuse from the forest floor. 

Instantly we spotted a trail cam, and with few words Samantha pulled the
hammer from her bag. “Who wants to smash it?” 

We exchanged looks, determined, nervous, and contemplative. I could see
the gears turning, faces considering backing out, but I wasn’t ready to
let that happen. I had to convince them, this can’t be how it ends after
everything. 

“Guys listen real quick, we’ve been waiting to do this for years. These
were our woods, not just ours, the whole town’s. And this guy just
thinks he can show up and take whatever he wants, just because he has
money? Our fort, the river, the trails, the local wildlife?” I grab the
hammer from Samantha, my palms already sweating as I step toward the
camera. “This is what I think” 

Whack

I bring the hammer down on the lense and it cracks under the blow. “Now
show me what you think” I finish my short speech, holding out the hammer
towards them. 

George steps forward first and I can’t help but grin at my closest
friend as he takes a swing of his own. And as if he knew exactly what I
was going for, he turns and holds the hammer out for Shaun and Samantha.

One by one we each took a swing at the camera, and I felt proud at the
moment I created. A little cheesy maybe, but sometimes the low hanging
fruit is the sweetest. And as I watched Samantha take the last swing at
the camera, my apprehension of her lessened. The pact had been formed,
and our collective confidence returned with a renewed determination. 

We followed a winding footpath marked by red rope tied on low branches
or the occasional thin trunk. Every few minutes finding another trail
cam and smashing it to pieces, our excitement turning our pace into a
half jog.

George kept ahead of us carving out our path with long strides, he leapt
over branches and rocks with a nimble athleticism I nearly forget he
possessed. Only once he had spotted a clearing did he look back, hosting
a satisfied grin and the sheen of sweat on his brow. 

“Theres a building out in the clearing.” George shouted back as he
waited for us to catch up.

As we emerged from the treeline together, we spotted the low topped
concrete box the size of a large garage. On the opposite side of the
building I spotted the gravel road that we had been looking for, the
soul route to the hunters cabin. A faint electrical hum emanated from
the structure that grew to a dull buzz as we approached. The only
apparent entrance was a large metal hatch slightly below ground level,
but no matter how we pulled or pried, we couldn’t get it open. Above
metal hinges sat a sign reading Primary Grid. 

“What the hell does this guy need his own power station for?” George
questions. 

“Well I don’t know if you noticed, but all of the trail cams we came
across were wired into the ground so I’m willing to bet they’re all
connected by this grid.” Shaun says matter of factly. “Maybe he just has
so many things running he needs his own generators.”

“Since when did you become an electrician?” George teases while peering
down the gravel road. “Well lead the way Mr electric” 

“Was that a sharkboy and lava girl reference?” Samantha cocks an eyebrow
and George nods. “Daamn I see you, this cracka’ knows ball.”

We bust up in response and Samantha beams at having nailed our humor.
Seems she’ll fit in with us just fine after all, during our laughter I
catch Shaun’s attention and give him a nod of approval as if he needed
my blessing to begin with.

Giving up on the primary grid building, we turned our attention back
toward the gravel road. However just as our conversation picked back up,
I began to hear a distant noise that caused me to freeze and listen. The
sound was approaching rapidly, growing in volume until I was sure what I
was hearing, the roar of a diesel engine. The conversation halted and
everyone froze with me.

“Off the road now, those trees!” I pointed and we ran, gravel spitting
out from behind my shoes as I pushed off. I practically tumbled off the
road into the brush, only stopping once I had a thick tree to press my
back against. My chest heaved with both panic and effort, my arms stung
with fresh scrapes. 

My friends scrambled to cover around me, just in time for the truck to
come into view. Cautiously I watched through a thin bush, the truck
looked incredibly old and the headlights and taillights seemed to be
missing. I couldn’t catch a solid glimpse of the driver, not that I was
trying, if I could see him he could see me after all. But one thing was
certain, this changes things.

We waited several minutes after the sound faded just to be sure we were
safe, but this new danger lingered on our minds. Samantha argued we
should assume it was the hunter and get out before we got caught. But I
was quick to remind everyone that my mom had mentioned that someone was
watching over his property, though that wasn’t exactly the truth. My mom
had mentioned that she \\\*thought\\\* there was someone looking over
the property, not that she was sure. But suddenly I felt thrust into the
role of keeping us together, determined to finish the job. I justified
the lie thinking certainly the worst trouble we could get in was a night
in jail.

Shaun argued that anyone being here changes things, and said we had to
adapt in response. But ever the peace-maker, Shaun was determined to
find a compromise for us and proposed a modified plan. We just watched
the old truck head the opposite direction of the hunters cabin, so it’s
likely they were headed for the front gate. So we had a small window of
opportunity before they would return. He proposed we head straight for
the cabin, spray paint the outside and make a beeline for the exit. 

Not exactly the satisfying damage we had envisioned, but he made a lot
of sense. One last stupid move, and we’d leave before we pushed our luck
too far. George and I tried prying at the plan for more leeway, but
Shaun and Samantha held firm. Though he had a point, and with nearly
three miles between us and the cabin and we had no time to argue. 

Sticking to the sides of the gravel road, we jogged down the path. Only
now we stopped whenever we heard a strange noise and constantly checked
over our shoulders. I felt like prey, every strange shape and twig snap
became a hunter leveling a rifle. On the way we spotted another concrete
structure just off the gravel path, slowing long enough to read
Secondary Grid posted above a metal hatch door. 

But as George begins towards the building I call out “Dude there’s no
time, we can check on our way out lets just keep moving.” to which he
reluctantly agreed. 

“Yeah I’d rather not spray paint in the dark I guess.”

“If we get split up we could meet back here, like a rendezvous point.” I
say and the group agrees. 

Having our original confidence shaken, we hike the majority of the way
in silence, only interrupted by the occasional side comment or
observation. At times like this I wish I knew what everyone was
thinking, I scanned their faces for the weakest link. As long as I could
keep the most reluctant person from turning back early, I felt I could
prevent a snowballing agreement to abort the mission. 

I slowed until I was walking alongside Samantha, sure that she was the
most likely to turn back first. “Exciting huh?” I ask tentatively
watching her expression. 

“That’s certainly a word for it” she replies.

“Look we got your back there’s nothing to worry about, besides worst
case we run for it.” I say leveling my voice.

“I think there’s scenarios worse than having to run for it.” she retorts
before swigging her water.

“Well even if we do get caught you know Shaun won’t let anything happen
to you.” I watch her involuntary smile forming at my words. 

She shoots a shy glance toward Shaun and George ahead of us before
responding “I don’t know, I think Shaun and I are just friends.” Her
flushed face gives her away.

“Huh if you say so, but you sure stare at him a lot when he’s not
looking.” I press further and she avoids my gaze. “I bet you haven’t
noticed he does it back.” 

“Oh my god please shut up.” Samantha buries her face in her hands
“you’re messing with me.” she groans quietly.

Convinced that her fear of getting caught was being overtaken by her
anxious crushing on Shaun I went in for the killing blow. “I wouldn’t
lie about that, he’s definitely into you. Now time to find out if you’re
into him.” I say giving her a light push in his direction, and she
quickens her pace to catch up with him. 

Now admittedly it did feel a little disingenuous, maybe even a little
manipulative. But I felt I was doing them a favor, not only am I making
sure we don’t regret backing out of our adventure early but I was
pushing Shaun and Samantha closer. If anything it was getting two birds
with one stone, they would be thanking me later.

The sun had just begun to set as we arrived at the hunters cabin, the
large clearing visible from over a mile away. It was a rustic two story
mansion of a log cabin but a log cabin nonetheless, its dark wood
contrasting with the green field and pale barked trees. Not a single
light was on inside, giving each window a reflective sheen that gave way
to the swallowing darkness within.

Approaching the cabin I was already unzipping my bag, determined to make
our mark before the sun finished setting. Already I was debating phrases
to write on the walls and possible crude images to pair with it,
everyone crowded around me to grab their own cans. Soon the rhythmic
clacking of shaking spray cans and the hiss of thin nozzles filled the
air, I glanced at Samantha’s work and saw she was halfway through
spraying the word MURDERER in block letters. While we painted the sky
filled with dark clouds from the horizon, the setting sun illuminating
distant rain. 

We worked for several minutes before a surprised and shrill word rang
out from the far right side of us. “GUYS!” 

Shaun’s tone was so full of fear that even before I turned my head I
already felt my stomach drop and my pulse quicken. Standing ten feet
from Shaun was a large bearded man, he wore a sweat stained sleeveless
shirt tucked into worn jeans with muddy black boots and a dusty cap. His
face and arms red and tanned from the sun, his expression was wide eyed
and tight lipped. And in his arms sat a shotgun held from his waist, the
muzzle already raised in our direction. 

“Don’t run!” his gruff voice barked at us, a distinct lack of local
midwestern draw in his tone. I had no doubts now that this was the
hunter.

We huddled against each other in fear, not realizing we had already been
backstepping away. “Come here! That’s far enough” 

“We just want to leave, we’ll leave okay” George stammered his voice
cracking with fear. 

“No! You don’t understand, you need to come with me now okay?” he takes
a step closer and Samantha lets out a stifled cry. 

“No please we just want to go home” Samantha fights back tears as she
pleads. 

The man takes a deep breath “I’ll take you out of here. I promise you’re
not in trouble, but do not run, do you hear me?” he was still shouting
but his tone felt wrong, like he wasn’t angry but more pleading. He
sounded insane, his eyes were wide and wild like he was afraid of
something. 

I tightened my grip on the back of Shaun’s shirt and continued to move
us backwards another half step. In response he raises his gun and begins
to shout again “I’m serious don-” his words are cut off by the sound of
a loud echoing bang and a flash of light.

All at once we began to scramble away toward the treeline before we had
a chance to recognize the sound as thunder and the flash as its
lightning. He shouted after us as we sprinted for the edge of the
clearing, but my adrenaline and fear made it impossible to do anything
but run.

I glanced over my shoulder as I reached the trees before my friends,
only to watch the huntsman suddenly halt mid chasing-stride. And in one
fluid motion he raised the shotgun and racked a shell before I could
even react.

In my panic I reached for the person closest to the clearings edge, I
clutched at Samantha’s sleeve attempting to yank her behind a tree. But
as I grabbed hold of her arm a single terrifying sound cut through the
chaos.

The echoing boom of a shotgun.
