I lure them with posts from members I snatch online. This one’s my
latest prize.

Another soul. Another phone. My Red Circus has grown. I start to become
them as soon as I see them. 

I stood out in the open. She was mindlessly strolling by reading posts I
left, following my clues, trying to find the rewards I leave behind. My
breadcrumbs bring them into my soul traps. 

I caught her attention when I tapped on her skull with my mind. I
couldn’t get inside her head until we started to speak.

She spoke to me as I stood like a robot on display. I was mumbling stuff
that made no sense at first to her. 

I only moved my mouth when I needed to speak. The shape I took stayed
completely still. I kept trying to bite every word, snapping down each
time, a jerk reaction I suffer from in these skins.

I couldn’t help but think how much it sounded like a coin tapping on
glass. I laughed to myself and accidentally made myself laugh out loud.
I made sure not to blink. Not once. I needed to capture her mind.

”There ain’t no other circus in this town… this here’s the only one,”
she told me, naive as all the rest trapped in my Red Circus.

“The circus,” I said to her, widening my eyes. “There’s something
there.”

“We have to go now,” I kept saying. 

Her mind resisted me. I had trouble from the beginning. I had black
bubbles forming on my head that broke off and followed the wrinkles down
my face to the front of my white shirt.

That’s when I saw him. He was in her mind. That boy. Billy is his name.
I loosened my grip on her for a moment. For some reason, I thought about
releasing her.

She couldn’t look away, I had her. She stared at the drops, almost
hypnotized, eyeing the sweat drawing a Rorschach image on my chest,
slowly fading into me.

”Take us there,” I said, asking to let me in.

“To where?” She replied, stepping back. “If it’s the circus you want,
then you’re here, sir.” 

She squinted at me, trying to read what was inside the person standing
in front of her. But I didn’t give her any expression. Not even a micro
one. I kept staring, dead in her eye, into her soul.

She said again, this time I could sense the fear in her, “I told you
sir, you’re at the circus already.”

“We have to get there… bring us there.”

***

I crawled under her skin after I said that and into her brain, her mind
was almost mine. Her memories, thoughts, fears, soon to all be mine to
play with.

“The man with the red eyes wants to see us,” I told her as the leaves
started rustling. 

My voice faded behind another voice that faded into a louder voice. 

“Julie!” Someone screamed, a familiar voice. 

She turned around and saw her brother rushing towards her. He jogged up
and stopped. “What are you doing here?”

“I was talking to that man,” she told him. 

I slid into the outside of her skull. I couldn’t let him see me, not
now. I needed her first.

“Who?” He asked. “What man?”

She made a fist and pointed with her thumb over her shoulder, “I was
talking to him… he seemed lost or something… he kept saying we had to
get to the circus.”

“The circus…? we’re here.” Billy raised his eyebrow.

“What man?” He asked again.

“That man right there,” she said turning around.

“Am I losing my mind?” She asked herself, spinning in every direction
trying to find me. “He was right there… you didn’t see him?” 

I pushed past a wall in her head. She grabbed her ribs. It felt like
being stabbed in the side, then having your bones fused. I could feel
everything she felt. I squeezed harder trying to break through the next
door.

She placed her hand on her chest just as a gust of wind blew her hair in
her face.

“I only saw you,” her brother said. “But I wasn’t looking anywhere
else.”

She tried clearing her throat by banging on her chest. 

“I don’t feel so good,” she whispered, coughing while walking back
towards her parents with her brother. 

I struggled to hide. That boy had an energy that kept pushing me.

She could feel my presence, almost like I was standing behind her. She
kept staring over her shoulder as if I’d appear the next time she
looked. 

“Mom… dad… I found Julie,” her brother shouted. 

He had a piece of her sleeve in his hand, it felt like he was dragging
me by the neck.

“Where did you go…? what did I say about running off?” Her mom shouted.

“I was just over… in there… here… there… what… where?” she tried
speaking, making circles in the air with her index finger. 

“What are… did you take something?” Her mom asked.

“What?” She tried explaining, slurring her words. “What the…”

I finally broke her mind. It felt like a breeze with fingertips tickling
her skin, sliding down her neck to the bottom of her spine. She shivered
and shook like she was about to have a seizure.

“Whatever,” her mom said, turning to shoot a comment to her father who
was watching a guy at a high striker challenge attempt to smash a giant
mallet down on a lever to ring a bell with a puck at the base of the
frame.

“Bill, I think we’re ready to go now,” she said. “I still have stuff to
do and it’s a quarter past ten.”

“Yeah, just be a few more minutes,” her dad responded while watching the
mallet hammer down on the lever. 

I couldn’t resist the humor in that. Me being the hammer smashing into
her skull and entering her mind. Scavenging her brain like a looter at a
store during a riot. I’ll have the brother soon enough. For now, she’ll
do.

As I claimed her, a thick brush of wind blew in her mouth and down her
throat when she tried yawning, but ended up choking on the taste I left
in her mouth. When I opened her eyes, a chill bit into her bones.

The circus vanished. She was inside the tent of my Red Circus. The
shadow from the candle flames danced along the walls. I left her mind
and hid inside the shadows.

She spun around trying to make sense of where she was. Trying to find a
way out. Trying to find anything to ground herself.

“Hello!” She screamed, still naive. “Billy…? Mom…? Dad…”

She stopped shouting and went completely still. She closed her mouth and
held her breath and listened. She didn’t move. She didn’t even bat an
eye. I thrive on that fear.

Behind her I made a sound. A sound that triggered a memory. A memory of
the squeaky wheels at the hospital her grandma died in.

“Welcome to the Red Circus,” I said, speaking behind her. “We’ve been
waiting for you.” 

I said it in a voice that had a mix of her mother’s and grandmother’s.

I showed myself with a bony grey face cloaked in a crimson robe with a
hood drawing a shadow over my eyes, from the fabric of the tent.

“Where am I….? Who are you…? I want to leave now,” she cried.

“How did I get here? I wanna get out.” She ran to the side of the tent
and tried tearing through the material. 

“She’s unaware she’s in a place she’ll never escape. She’ll learn. They
all do. She’ll join the rest of them,” I said softly.

“I gotta get back… Billy!” She screamed.

I started creeping closer to her, crawling and dragging my legs on the
floor. It sounded like a rake shredding grass.

The sound got louder, like paper being crunched next to her ear. She
couldn’t look back. She closed her eyes and got down in a ball.

I reached out and grabbed her. A cold pressure that squeezed her arm,
and then I released.

Now, she’s another member in my Red Circus.

Her phone started playing something that sounded like an arm winding a
jack-in-the-box before It lit up, 

I know you took her.

I felt a cold chill. My mask changed for a second. I hadn’t felt that
kind of chill in a long time. “He remembered me,” I said quietly. “He’s
the only one that got away.”

The screen lit up for a second time.

I’m coming for my daughter!
