Introduction to the Games

The Red Room

The Orange Room

The Yellow Room

The Green Room

The Blue Room

Well, I‚Äôm doing it. I‚Äôm typing up my ‚Äòreport‚Äô. My ‚Äòaccount‚Äô of the
Games, just like Grey always does.

I‚Äôm not sure why. Maybe to try and understand his headspace a little
better. To try and see just what he‚Äôs been getting out of it.

Where should I start?

I guess I should start with my ‚Äòbig decision‚Äô. The decision to share
with Grey my secret. The fact that my elder brother once took part in
these very games himself.

‚Ä¶I‚Äôm still not sure if this was a smart move. I guess time will tell.

‚Äã

Grey just stared at me when I told him. Back in the blue room. He cocked
his head, eyebrows furrowed, and I hated in that moment just how much he
reminded me of my late husband.

‚ÄúWhat?‚Äù he asked me. ‚ÄúBlue, your brother‚Ä¶ He‚Äôs PLAYED these games?‚Äù

I nodded. ‚ÄúYes‚Äù, I said to him. ‚ÄúThat‚Äôs right. I didn‚Äôt say anything
because it makes me sound incredibly suspicious. I didn‚Äôt‚Ä¶ ugh. I didn‚Äôt
want to risk turning everyone against me‚Äù.

‚ÄúAre you kidding?‚Äù he said, frustration at the edge of his voice. ‚ÄúBlue,
if you‚Äôd told us this at the beginning‚Ä¶ Wait, wait-‚Äù he ran his hands
through his hair. ‚ÄúSo, have you KNOWN what each room was going to be,
before we entered it?‚Äù

I sighed, and responded. ‚Äú‚Ä¶Yeah. I did. Pretty much. You know the way
you document what‚Äôs happened in every room? When we reach the
computers?‚Äù

He nodded.

‚ÄúWell, my brother did something similar. Though, he wasn‚Äôt quite as
detailed as you, from what I‚Äôve seen of your writing. But he still got
across the gist. And his documents found their way to me‚Äù.

‚ÄúThat‚Äôs insane. I don‚Äôt believe this‚Äù, Grey began to pace up and down.
‚ÄúSo the things we write DO get sent out‚Ä¶ People DO read them‚Ä¶ You could
have told us! You could have told us all ABOUT this place! You could
have shared what was going to happen next! We could have prepared!
Yellow might have-‚Äù

‚ÄúYellow might have WHAT?‚Äù I interrupted suddenly. ‚ÄúLived? How, Grey?
Even if I‚Äôd told you exactly what was going to happen next, then how
would that have saved her? ‚Ä¶And to tell the truth, the yellow room was
actually the only one I didn‚Äôt know in advance. For whatever reason, my
brother didn‚Äôt document the game in that one particularly well. He
basically just wrote ‚Äòclaustrophobia‚Äô, if memory serves‚Äù.

Grey hesitated. He moved on to another point. ‚Äú‚Ä¶In the first room. The
red room. You came down into the pool with me‚Äù.

‚ÄúYeah‚Äù, I replied. ‚ÄúI knew that there was nothing dangerous down there‚Äù.

He grimaced. ‚ÄúI thought you were just being kind‚Ä¶‚Äù

‚ÄúWhy couldn‚Äôt it be both?‚Äù I asked him.

‚ÄúYou could have gone down first‚Ä¶ Why did you make me go down before
you?‚Äù

‚ÄúI already told you, I couldn‚Äôt arouse suspicion so early on, everyone
would have turned against me!‚Äù I stepped up and grabbed him by the
shoulders. ‚ÄúGrey, please, don‚Äôt hate me for this. I had to put myself
first, don‚Äôt you understand? It just makes sense!‚Äù

‚Äú‚Ä¶It makes sense‚Äù, he repeated quietly, lost momentarily in thought. He
sighed. ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt blame you. But I don‚Äôt think that your approach is
going to get us out of here‚Äù.

‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs that supposed to mean?‚Äù I asked him, ‚ÄúGrey-‚Äù

‚ÄúSo, do you know what‚Äôs going to happen next?‚Äù he interrupted. ‚ÄúIn the
next room, do you know what‚Äôs going to happen?‚Äù

I nodded. ‚ÄúI believe I do, yes. It‚Äôs some kind of‚Ä¶ rapids. Someone‚Äôs
going to have to grab the cards from the ceiling as we pass, and if we
don‚Äôt get them‚Ä¶ I don‚Äôt think we get another chance‚Äù.

Grey rubbed his jaw. ‚ÄúRapids‚Ä¶ This is insane‚Ä¶‚Äù he murmured. ‚ÄúYour
brother‚Ä¶ Was he one of eight colours? Were there eight players? They
played the same games?‚Äù

‚ÄúThey played the same games, I believe. There may have been some slight
variance. But he was one of eight colours, yes‚Äù.

‚ÄúAnd did he‚Ä¶ Did he win, Blue? Did he escape?‚Äù

I composed myself. ‚Äú‚Ä¶The report from the indigo room was the final one I
received. I didn‚Äôt get any more. I don‚Äôt know what might be in the
violet room, or beyond. And that document was the last piece of
correspondence I ever received from him. This was two years ago. I
haven‚Äôt seen him since‚Äù.

‚ÄúDid they lose any of their players? Did they figure out what the grey
player was for?‚Äù

I shook my head. ‚ÄúNo.¬ÝOr at least if they did lose any of their players,
my brother didn‚Äôt write about it. He only wrote very sparingly about his
team. The reports I read were basically nothing more than brief
overviews of each game‚Äù.

‚ÄúAnd the grey player?‚Äù

I gave him an apologetic look. ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt even know if there WAS a grey
player. I just know that there were eight of them, and that my brother‚Äôs
colour was the same as mine. Blue‚Äù.

‚Äã

Grey regarded me.

‚Äã

‚Äú‚Ä¶I‚Äôve been searching for the Drowned Man games for a long time, Grey‚Äù,
I told him. Fearful of the judgemental silence. ‚ÄúAnd now, I guess, I
finally got what I was looking for. I don‚Äôt know who the Asura is. I
don‚Äôt know where we are. Honesty, I really don‚Äôt know that much more
than yourself‚Äù.

He sighed, and glanced to the timer. ‚ÄúCome on‚Äù, he said. ‚ÄúI think we‚Äôd
better get out of here. I won‚Äôt tell anyone your secret, but‚Ä¶ you really
should consider telling them yourself‚Äù.

‚ÄúPerhaps‚Äù, I told him. ‚ÄúMaybe‚Äù. And we set off side by side through the
open doorway, and down the corridor to the next room.

‚ÄúSo you wanted to find out what happened to your brother?‚Äù he asked, as
we walked.

‚ÄúYeah‚Äù, I replied.

‚ÄúDo you think that‚Äôs why you got ‚Äòchosen‚Äô?‚Äù

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know. It‚Äôs not like I‚Äôve been going around advertising myself,
or anything. I never planned to actually take part. This is Hell‚Äù.

Grey gave me one last look. I could practically see the gears turning
behind his eyes‚Ä¶ then we separated as we joined the others, and he
wearily sat down at his computer. He reached up for a quick stretch, ran
a hand across his forehead, then, after a pause, began to type. Writing
up his account of the previous room, I should think. Writing about me
too, I guess. I watched him over his shoulder in one of the previous
rooms. He‚Äôs not half-bad. A bit wordy, maybe, but easy enough to read, I
suppose.

I wondered if maybe I should write up my own account. With more detail.
Like Grey does.

‚Ä¶I didn‚Äôt, though. Not at that point. At that moment, I chose to do what
I‚Äôd done in all of the previous. To write up a list of current thoughts,
and to emulate my brother. Simply noting down important facts and
relevant pieces of information in case they might help somebody else
someday.

‚Äã

I thought about the new intel I‚Äôd received, from Grey.

‚Äã

Grey saw a kid in the vent.

Some young kid, watching him from behind the bars in the dark.

‚Äã

This information unnerved me greatly. It still does. My brother never
shared any accounts of kids in the games. He never saw anyone in the
vents. At least, I don‚Äôt think he did. Who are they? An escapee from
another, simultaneous set of games, perhaps? The implications are
worrying.

‚Ä¶ It couldn‚Äôt have been Red‚Äôs nephew, could it? Surely not.

‚Äã

I typed up my report as quickly as I could, then went to join the
others.

Indigo was still typing, and I was glad for it. The man repulses me,
now. I don‚Äôt want to be anywhere near him. The way he said those words‚Ä¶
‚ÄôI was‚Ä¶ friends‚Ä¶ with your brother‚Äô‚Ä¶ Still makes me shiver with disgust.
My brother was not a good man. He did some terrible things‚Ä¶ But he was
my brother. My brother; I loved him. And besides, he paid the price, did
he not? Since I‚Äôm almost certain he met his gristly end down here in the
Drowned Man Games. In whatever horror lies in the violet room.

I owe Indigo no such allegiance. He might pretend he has ‚Äòleft that
crowd behind‚Äô‚Ä¶ But people like him never really change. They are unable.

‚Äã

I hope he dies down here too.

‚Äã

‚ÄúBlue?‚Äù came a voice. I looked up. It was Orange. She gave me a
half-smile. ‚ÄúAre you okay? You look anxious‚Äù.

This caught Violet‚Äôs attention, and she looked over at me to see if it
was true.

‚ÄúI‚Äôm fine‚Äù, I replied. ‚ÄúBut, thank you‚Äù.

Orange looked terrible. Her face was streaked with silent tears.

We regarded each other for a moment, and unspoken sympathy passed from I
to her.

Of course. Her husband‚Ä¶

‚ÄúHow could he do that to me, Blue?‚Äù Orange whispered. ‚ÄúHe was my
beloved. How could he?‚Äù

I had no answer for her. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm so sorry‚Äù, was all I could manage.

‚Äã

‚ÄúTwo rooms to go then‚Äù, Red said loudly, clapping his hands, tone-deaf.
Or, perhaps, doing his best to change the subject, a more charitable
person might say. ‚ÄúAnd we have the Asura on the back foot‚Äù.

‚ÄúYeah, not so sure about that one‚Ä¶‚Äù Green muttered, rolling up his
sleeves.

‚ÄúAnd besides, we don‚Äôt know if there are only two rooms left‚Äù, said
Violet.

‚ÄúOf course there are only two rooms left. Indigo, and violet. Seven
colours of the rainbow. Doesn‚Äôt take a genius‚Äù.

‚ÄúWell, what about‚Ä¶‚Äù Violet gestured to Grey, still engrossed in his
writing.

‚ÄúHmm‚Äù, Red considered, rubbing his chin. ‚ÄúYes, I suppose it is possible.
Here‚Äôs hoping there isn‚Äôt an eighth room. I‚Äôd find that quite
demoralising indeed‚Äù.

‚ÄúAnyone else more scared now than they were at the beginning?‚Äù this was
Green.

‚ÄúHow so?‚Äù Orange asked him, clearing her throat and rubbing her eyes.

‚ÄúThe anticipation. This steadily building tension. I feel like we‚Äôre
closer to the end, and well, that scares me. We‚Äôre building towards
something‚Äù. He paused. ‚ÄúYou know what I mean?‚Äù

‚ÄúWhat do you think we‚Äôre building towards?‚Äù I asked him.

‚Äã

He reached up to adjust his glasses. ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know, exactly‚Ä¶ But, I
can‚Äôt help thinking about the previous rooms. You said that there were a
load of dummies at the bottom of the pool, right? The one in the red
room? Like corpses‚Ä¶ Drowned corpses‚Ä¶ The Drowned Man Games‚Ä¶ You know
what drowning people do, right? They cling to people nearby. In their
desperation they cling to whatever they can, to whoever they can, and
they end up drowning them as well‚Äù.

An uneasy silence passed around the room. Silence, but for Grey‚Äôs
relentless typing. Lost in a world of his own.

‚ÄúAnd there‚Äôs another thing‚Äù, he licked his teeth, and chewed his tongue.
I‚Äôve liked Green since the beginning. He‚Äôs a nice guy, and he‚Äôs of sound
mind. He generally keeps to himself, but he still speaks out when he
feels it‚Äôs appropriate.

‚Ä¶He unnerved me here, however.

‚ÄúIn the orange room we played a children‚Äôs game. A table-tilt
‚Äòroll-the-ball‚Äô. We had to navigate the ball through a maze. A
labyrinth‚Äù.

‚ÄúThat‚Äôs right‚Äù, said Orange.

‚ÄúWell, I‚Äôve been thinking. I got the idea in the green room, but, don‚Äôt
you think the maze corresponds a little with the Games? With the Drowned
Man Games as a whole?‚Äù

He looked between us.

‚ÄúHow do you mean?‚Äù I asked.

‚ÄúYou saw a statue of the Asura at the bottom of the pool in the red
room, right Blue?‚Äù

I nodded.

‚ÄúAnd there was a little miniature statue of the Asura in the table-top
game, too. And other stuff as well. There was a pipe. Like in the yellow
room. And a rotating circular panel, like the floor in the green room‚Äù.

‚ÄúHmm‚Ä¶ Probably a coincidence‚Äù, said Red.

‚ÄúYeah, I think it‚Äôs a stretch, Green‚Äù, said Violet. ‚ÄúOr maybe you‚Äôre
just starting to lose it. That shitty little game in the orange room
didn‚Äôt have any water in it. It didn‚Äôt have any little glass Kancha
balls, raining from the ceiling. It‚Äôs not like we had to guide the ball
around a little miniature phone booth or anything. Our experience really
hasn‚Äôt been all that similar‚Äù.

Green grimaced. He looked to me. I shrugged. Honestly, I think there
might be something there, but it‚Äôs likely just the Asura toying with us.

‚ÄúThe last part of the ball game‚Äù, he said. ‚ÄúAt the end of the table‚Ä¶ We
had to pass beneath a set of scales. Something‚Äôs coming, people. And
we‚Äôre going to be judged‚Äù. He looked down to his hands. Still stained
quite clearly with blood. ‚Äú‚Ä¶And I don‚Äôt know if we‚Äôre going to pass‚Äù.

‚Äã

Red and I made eye contact. He sighed and muttered to himself, untucking
a section of his scarf caught in his collar.

The motion caught Green‚Äôs attention.

‚ÄúI‚Äôve been thinking a lot. About lots of stuff‚Äù. He gestured to Red‚Äôs
scarf. ‚ÄúAnd you know, I‚Äôm pretty sure I‚Äôve seen that scarf before, Red.
Somewhere. But I couldn‚Äôt tell you where‚Äù.

Red stared at him.

‚ÄúAnd you‚Äôre only just mentioning this now?‚Äù he responded. ‚ÄúWhy didn‚Äôt
you say something earlier?‚Äù

‚ÄúBecause that‚Äôs all I had to say about it‚Äù, Green shrugged. ‚ÄúIt was
hardly worth mentioning at all. I don‚Äôt know. I‚Äôm just tired. I want to
complete my journey‚Äù, he finished, bitterly. ‚ÄúI want to complete my
journey across India, as I promised, and go the fuck home‚Äù.

‚ÄúPull yourself together, damnit‚Äù, Red grunted, shaking his head. ‚ÄúAs I
said. At least two more rooms to go‚Äù.

‚Äã

We sat for a while in silence as the timer ticked down. Physically and
mentally exhausted. That last room in particular took a lot out of us.
It was worse than I was expecting it to be.

I heard the gentle pops and cracks of Grey‚Äôs back as he reclined in his
chair and stretched his arms, and at last, the timer reached zero. The
screens cut to black, and the indigo door opened wide with a series of
clicks, and the sound of metal grinding against metal. We clambered and
shuffled up out of our chairs. Red volunteered- to my surprise- to carry
Yellow, and we headed on through into the purple-lit gloom beyond.

The sound of rushing water was immense. It grew louder and louder as we
pushed deeper into the room, a room lined with small, shiny black tiles.
Water splashed and pooled about our feet with every step, until, with
the rushing of the water an almost deafening roar, we arrived at a
curious, metal contraption. Cart-like, almost, and just big enough for
all eight of us to squeeze in together.

It sat in the centre of a channel of rushing, frothing water, and this
water burst from the tiles on either side of the contraption, flowing
down in a rapids-like river into the darkness below, twisting violently
round to the right and vanishing out of sight into the shadows.

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs like a damned water-park ride‚Ä¶‚Äù Red murmured, though I could
barely hear him over the churn of the water.

The sound triggered memories of the cylinder, and I had to work hard to
prevent a sudden rise in second-hand panic.

I felt someone tap my shoulder. I turned and, realising it was Indigo,
recoiled violently. He looked hurt, but did not comment on my reaction.
‚ÄúBlue‚Äù, he said, ‚Äúplease, let me to talk to you, just for a moment?‚Äù

‚ÄúNo‚Äù, I replied at once. ‚ÄúNo, I have nothing to say to you. I don‚Äôt want
to hear it‚Äù.

And he said nothing further.

A screen flickered into life to our left; we all turned to it. The
stony, beast-like face of the Asura appeared upon it, beside a diagram
of the cart.

‚ÄúThis bastard again‚Ä¶‚Äù Red grunted.

‚ÄúWelcome to the indigo room‚Äù, came the voice of the stone man. ‚ÄúBefore
you is the cart. You will notice there are three rows. The third row,
the row at the back, has space for two players. These will be the violet
and indigo players. The second row, the one in the middle, has space for
three players. These will be the blue, yellow, and orange players‚Äù.

The diagram on screen was steadily filled with 3D graphics of
single-block coloured ‚Äòpeople‚Äô, all sitting in their correct, respective
places.

‚ÄúThe first row, the row at the front, has space for one player seated on
the left. This will be the red player, and the red player will control
the cart‚Äôs tilt in that direction‚Äù.

‚ÄúEh? Tilt? What does he mean by that?‚Äù Red asked all of a sudden,
looking between us. The 3D graphic on screen showed the red person
pulling a lever before him, and the cart tilting to his side.

‚ÄúThe first row has also a space for one player, seated on the right.
This will be the green player, and the green player will control the
cart‚Äôs tilt in that direction‚Äù.

Green watched in silence as his accompanying 3D graphic pulled his own
lever, and the cart tilted back to the opposite side, towards the right.

‚ÄúThe front row has also space in the centre, for one player to stand.
They will be connected round the ankles. This will be the white player,
and the white player will be responsible for collecting the cards‚Äù.

‚ÄúWell, I guess we‚Äôve found my purpose then‚Äù, Grey said drily.

‚Ä¶Or ‚ÄòWhite‚Äô, I suppose we should all be calling him. Still, no point now
in changing it up.

‚ÄúThe location of the colours cannot be changed, unless the red, green,
or white players are no longer active in the game. In this instance,
replacements for the respective player may be decided by the group. You
will find that there is no timer in this room. However, the cart will
not return to the beginning. There are, as in all previous rooms, eight
cards. You will find them hanging from the ceiling. Thank you. Please
enjoy the game‚Äù.

And with that, the screen cut off.

‚Äã

We listened for a moment to the sounds of the rushing rapids.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSo you‚Äôre telling me that I‚Äôm supposed to stand on that thing?‚Äù Grey
asked the room. ‚ÄúAs it hurtles its way down the river?‚Äù

‚ÄúIt‚Äôs on some kind of a rail, see? That‚Äôs how Red and I will be
controlling the tilt‚Äù, Green replied.

‚ÄúThat doesn‚Äôt make me feel a whole lot better‚Äù.

‚ÄúNo, but still, at least you aren‚Äôt just at the mercy of the water‚Äù.

‚Äã

‚ÄúSo it sounds like this room is up to you three, then‚Äù, said Violet.
‚ÄúYou two to steer, and Grey to grab the cards. Fuck. So what if you miss
one?‚Äù

‚ÄúIf I miss one‚Ä¶‚Äù Grey said back, slowly, thinking, ‚Äúthen I think‚Ä¶ I
think that‚Äôs too bad. The Asura made it sound like we don‚Äôt get a second
chance‚Äù.

I already knew this, of course. But still. The weight of this truth is
heavy upon our shoulders.

‚Äú‚Ä¶Well, I guess you‚Äôd better not miss any then‚Äù, I said weakly.

‚ÄúYeah‚Äù, he replied, looking at me. ‚ÄúI guess not‚Äù.

‚Äã

Why did we call this man ‚ÄòGrey‚Äô? Now that it‚Äôs been spoken out loud by
the Asura, his paint really does look a great deal more ‚Äòwhite‚Äô than it
does ‚Äògrey‚Äô‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶Maybe it was his eyes. Bright and grey, and tinged with just a flicker
of silver.

‚Äã

I looked away.

‚Äã

‚ÄúNo time like the present then‚Äù, Red muttered. ‚ÄúShit. Shit‚Äù.

‚ÄúDon‚Äôt fuck it up‚Äù, Violet said to him, her voice wavering. ‚ÄúI‚Äôm
serious. Especially you‚Äù, she pointed to Grey. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôre all counting on
you, here. We NEED you to get those cards. If you start missing them
then people are going to die. They‚Äôre going to die like Yellow did.
Grey, please. You HAVE to get those cards‚Äù.

‚ÄúYeah‚Äù, he replied, grimacing, looking coldly from her to the cart.
‚ÄúYeah, I got it‚Äù.

‚Äú‚Ä¶I got it‚Äù.

‚Äã

‚Ä¶

‚Äã

We moved ourselves into the bizarre contraption. Grey went first,
jumping from the tile to the metal machine amidst the rushing water,
then he held out his hand and one by one helped across all the others.

Once we were all in place, he climbed up onto his spot, shaking, and
with an exchanged glance between them, Red and Green fastened the straps
around his ankles.

They looked incredibly precarious.

There was a whirr, and a mechanical crunch, and bars came down over the
final two rows, holding us passengers in place.

‚ÄúHey, Grey‚Äù, I said to the man, and he turned to look down at me,
putting out his arms to stop a sudden wobble. ‚ÄúI can hold your leg.
Orange, you can hold his other‚Äù.

‚ÄúRight‚Äù, she said. ‚ÄúYes, good idea. It might help, just a little‚Äù.

‚ÄúHow do you feel up there?‚Äù Green asked him.

Grey let out a quick, anxious laugh. ‚ÄúYeah‚Ä¶ yeah I‚Äôm‚Ä¶ I‚Äôm good‚Äù.

There was another sound, at that moment. Like a buzzer.

It was loud and obnoxious.

It rang out once, then twice‚Ä¶ and then, for a third time.

‚Äã

And the cart juddered, Grey threw out his arms once again as it began to
move. Trundling its way down the rail, the spray of the water splashing
up against us.

‚ÄúHere we go then mate!‚Äù Green called out, ‚Äúhang tight everyone! This is
it!‚Äù

And sure enough, the cart dipped down, and we began to descend.

‚Äã

Faster, and then faster, the feel of the spray growing sharper as we are
hauled around the corner.

‚ÄúFUCK!‚Äù Grey shouted out, his arms flailing as Orange and I tightened
our grips around his legs.

The air began to barrel back into our faces as our descent grew steeper
still; faster, and faster, speeding down, down through the dark; the
black, wet-tiled walls a tunnel all around, shooting right past us.

‚Äã

‚ÄúTHERE!‚Äù shouted Red. ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs one right there ahead! To me!‚Äù

The cart juddered to the left, then to the right.

‚ÄúNO, GREEN! DON‚ÄôT TOUCH THE CONTROLS!‚Äù Red shouted, ‚ÄúJUST ME!‚Äù

Poor Grey was thrown from side to side as the cart rocked, until it was
tipped decisively towards the left.

‚ÄúNOW!‚Äù Red bellowed, and Grey threw out his left hand, reaching for the
card‚Ä¶ The card dangling simply from a string and attached to the
ceiling‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶And he snatched it.

‚ÄúYES!‚Äù came the burst of glee from around the cart.

Okay, so far so good. One down, one down‚Ä¶

‚Äã

I fully expected Grey to bring the card up to his collar. To slot the
thing into place and to guarantee his safety. After all, why wouldn‚Äôt
he? It‚Äôs the logical thing to do. And he‚Äôs always near the back of the
pack. This could be his only chance to get the ‚Äòfirst‚Äô card. It would be
his right to do so, I wouldn‚Äôt have blamed him for it‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶But to my complete and utter surprise‚Ä¶ he did not.

Instead he passed it down, to Red.

‚Äã

‚ÄúTake it!‚Äù he shouted. ‚ÄúTake the card!‚Äù

Red was as dumbstruck as myself. ‚ÄúWh-what? Are you mad?‚Äù

‚ÄúTAKE IT!‚Äù Grey commanded, and Red did as he was ordered as the rest of
us watched in shock.

Red brought the card up to his collar, slotted it into the groove. It
beeped, and chimed.

‚Äã

‚ÄúWhy..?‚Äù I couldn‚Äôt help but murmur aloud. I exchanged a look with
Orange. ‚ÄúWhy would he do that‚Ä¶?‚Äù

The cart powered on through the tunnel and the water rushed and splashed
up against the sides.

Green pulled on his lever and the cart was returned to the rough centre.
I could feel the muscles in Grey‚Äôs leg, tensed to the extreme.

‚ÄúI can see another one‚Äù, he said, and I peered around him, up towards
the tunnel‚Äôs ceiling. Yes, sure enough, there was another card just
dangling there, in the dead centre. Approaching fast.

‚ÄúKeep it level!‚Äù Grey called to the men on either side. ‚ÄúI HAVE IT!‚Äù

He reached up, and he grabbed it. Snagging it from the string as the
cart hurtled around the next corner through the water and the dark.

Orange reached a hand up to her forehead, trembling badly.

‚ÄúTwo down‚Äù, I said to her. ‚ÄúTwo down. Five to go‚Äù.

And again, Grey chose not to use the card on himself. As with before he
reached down, this time to his right. ‚ÄúGreen, take it!‚Äù

Green did not argue. Bewildered, he accepted the card, and slotted it
into his collar with a beep and a chime.

‚ÄúWhy are you doing this?‚Äù I shouted up to Grey as we sped madly along.
‚ÄúWhy wouldn‚Äôt you just use the card on yourself!‚Äù

‚ÄúRainbow door needs seven keys‚Äù, he shouted back. ‚ÄúYou guys need your
keys more than me if we all want to escape‚Äù.

‚ÄúBut you don‚Äôt KNOW that! You- you said yourself, your key might have
some secret importance! And hell, you won‚Äôt get to pass through the
final door with us ANYWAY if you don‚Äôt get your own collar deactivated!‚Äù
I called up to him, frustrated and confused. ‚ÄúDon‚Äôt you get that what
you‚Äôre doing doesn‚Äôt make SENSE? It isn‚Äôt RATIONAL, GREY!‚Äù

‚ÄúI KNOW!‚Äù he shouted back to me over the rushing, streaming rapids.
Flashing me a quick, uneasy grin. ‚ÄúAnd yet, I‚Äôm doing it anyway! Crazy,
huh!‚Äù

I shook my head, still staring up at him. I didn‚Äôt know then why his
behaviour bothered me so much. After all, it was benefiting me‚Ä¶ But it
just‚Ä¶ it angered me. This went against everything I was taught growing
up. It didn‚Äôt fit the narrative. I always try to be altruistic, sure,
but this is DIFFERENT. Our LIVES are on the line, and self-preservation
HAS to come first‚Ä¶ It‚Äôs the ONLY sound, rational approach‚Ä¶

The cart suddenly dropped and my stomach lurched. Grey wavered where he
stood before regaining his balance.

‚ÄúThird card coming up!‚Äù Red shouted.

Green pulled his lever, bringing the cart over to the right‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶Grey reached up, his arm going wide‚Ä¶

‚Äã

‚Ä¶And he missed.

‚Äã

There was a collective intake of sharp breath as the card was left
dangling, vanishing into the shadows behind us.

‚ÄúFUCK!‚Äù Red shouted.

Grey paled, swivelling round to watch the card disappear behind.

‚ÄúGREY THAT WAS ALL WE CAN AFFORD!‚Äù Violet shouted to him from the back
of the cart. ‚ÄúYou can‚Äôt miss ANY MORE! Not a single ONE! Or someone else
is going to DIE!‚Äù

My heart hammered painfully in my chest.

He cannot miss a single one, from now. Or she‚Äôs right. Someone else is
going to die.

I stared up at him, my teeth clenched.

Will you keep to your principles now, Grey? What will you do if you miss
another‚Ä¶?

‚Äã

The cart tore through the darkness. The darkness of the Drowned Man
Games.

‚Äã

Red and Green were militant in their focus from here on out. Angling the
cart with a newfound, iron precision.

The next card approached.

Hurtling towards us.

Grey reached up.

‚Äã

‚Ä¶And he grabbed it.

‚Äã

He didn‚Äôt even hesitate. He made the foolish, irrational decision to
pass it back, to me. I took it, meeting his eyes for the briefest of
moments, and raised it up to my collar, slotting it into the groove with
a beep, and a chime.

‚Äã

Round corner after corner, bend after the bend rode the cart on its
submerged rails, the water jumping and striking and splashing against
the sides of our bodies, our faces‚Ä¶

The cards kept coming, and each and every time Grey snatched it from the
string, passing it back through the cart, instead of taking it for
himself.

‚Äã

Orange got hers next.

‚Äã

Then, Indigo.

‚Äã

And then, Violet.

‚Äã

One card left. One player left with an active collar.

Come on, I desperately willed him. Come on, Grey. You can do it. Just
one more. Grab this final card. Please. Because if you don‚Äôt‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶If you don‚Äôt, then you‚Äôll get what you deserve, you mad, selfless
idiot.

‚ÄúHERE IT COMES!‚Äù Grey roared into the darkness, a fire in his voice.

‚ÄúOVER TO ME!‚Äù Green shouted, and Red obeyed at once, removing his hands
from the lever and allowing Green to angle the cart to the right.

Closer, came the card.

The last card, strung up to the ceiling.

‚Äã

Grey drew himself up to his full height, he reached out‚Ä¶

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Ä¶

‚Äã

‚Äã

‚Ä¶and he grabbed it. He tugged the card from its position and pulled it
from the string, gripping it tightly in his hand.

A great gasp of relief escaped my throat, and an enormous, collective
easing of tension passed through the group.

He brought the card up to his collar and slotted it into the groove.

‚Äã

It beeped, and it chimed.

‚Äã

The waters of the rapids began to calm, from this point. We stopped
descending and the tunnel levelled out. The cart slowed, gradually at
first, but then it became more noticeable. The air stopped buffeting our
faces and blowing in our hair, and at last it came to an uneasy stop at
the end of the rail, allowing the water to froth and gush through metal
grates in the wall.

The bars keeping us in place all clicked, and rose up of their own
accord. Red and Green undid the straps around Grey‚Äôs ankles, and Orange
and I at last felt confident enough to release his legs, my fingers and
wrists aching with the sudden ease in tension.

One by one we clambered from the cart and onto the stability of the
tiled platform besides us, adjacent to the streaming, underground river.
Red carried Yellow across, and last was Grey. I reached out a hand to
him, and he took it, and I helped to haul him over onto the tile, his
legs still shaking.

There was a door beside us, one marked with violet paint.

This is it, I thought, my relief replaced almost instantly with an icy
stab of terror. The room my brother was killed in. This is it. I mean,
we‚Äôll be led to the computers first, but then‚Ä¶ then I have no idea what
might lie behind.

As if in response to this thought, the violet door whirred and
shuddered, and began to slide its way into the wall, revealing the
corridor behind.

‚ÄúSo‚Äù, said Red, still holding Yellow‚Äôs body under her arms. ‚ÄúWhy‚Äôd you
do it, Grey?‚Äù

‚ÄúHero complex‚Äù, Violet muttered to herself.

‚ÄúWhat was that?‚Äù I asked her.

She sighed. ‚Äú‚Ä¶Nothing‚Äù.

Grey spread his arms. ‚ÄúBecause‚Äù, he began, then he opened his mouth as
if to say more, pausing to consider his phrasing. ‚ÄúBecause I was
reminded of some words that somebody told me, recently‚Äù. He said. ‚ÄúAnd I
think‚Ä¶ I think I‚Äôve worked out the theme of the games. I could be wrong,
but‚Ä¶‚Äù he ran a hand through his water-soaked hair. ‚ÄúBut I think if we‚Äôre
going to survive this then we have to work together as a team, in the
truest possible sense‚Äù.

‚ÄúWe have been‚Äù, Red cut in. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôve been working as a team from the
beginning. We already knew that‚Äù.

‚ÄúBut not like this‚Äù, Grey replied. ‚ÄúBlue, you said that what I was doing
was irrational. I was prioritising others over myself. It made no sense.
And yet, I CHOSE to do that ANYWAY. I CHOSE irrationality,
deliberately‚Äù.

‚ÄúWhy?‚Äù I asked him, desperate to understand. ‚ÄúWhy would you do that?‚Äù

‚ÄúBecause I need you all to see‚Äù, he said back. ‚ÄúTo see that it is
possible to act against one‚Äôs own best interests for the good of the
wider group, and still benefit‚Äù.

Violet shook her head. ‚ÄúYou‚Äôre talking nonsense‚Äù, she said. ‚ÄúAnd you‚Äôre
a lunatic. Don‚Äôt get me wrong, I‚Äôm grateful you got me my card, but‚Ä¶ but
what you‚Äôre saying doesn‚Äôt make sense‚Äù.

‚ÄúI know it doesn‚Äôt make sense‚Äù, Grey replied with a melancholic smile.
‚ÄúThat‚Äôs my whole point. It didn‚Äôt make sense, but I did it ANYWAY. For
US. For all of us‚Äù.

‚ÄúAnd what? Do you want a damned medal?‚Äù said Red, but there was no
malice in his voice. No passion to his words. He stared at Grey with a
bewilderment I don‚Äôt think I‚Äôve seen from him thus far.

‚ÄúWhat I‚Äôm trying to say‚Äù, Grey replied, clearly frustrated at his own
inability to get across his point‚Ä¶ if he can even visualise it himself‚Ä¶
‚Äú-is that irrationality CAN make sense‚Ä¶ but only if we ALL act in the
same way. That‚Äôs how we‚Äôre going to get out of this, I‚Äôm sure of it‚Äù.

Green and I exchanged a look. We didn‚Äôt buy it. I still don‚Äôt. And I
doubt Red or Violet did either. Orange was difficult to read, and
Indigo‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶Well, I have no idea what Indigo is ever thinking. Nor do I want to.

The self must be preserved. That‚Äôs the simple, most absolute truth.

The individual comes before anyone else. It‚Äôs harsh, but it makes SENSE.
Everyone must agree with this, to some extent. Surely. It‚Äôs a lesson I
learned the hard way growing up.

‚Äã

And in regards to my brother‚Ä¶

‚Ä¶I should have handed my brother over to the police. A long time ago.
Way before he ever took part in the Drowned Man Games. I know this. I
could have done, and I should have done.

But he was my BROTHER. He was KIND, he looked after me‚Ä¶ And he provided
for us. If I had betrayed him to the authorities then he would have been
taken away. They would have hanged him. I would have been left alone.
Dumped somewhere like Violet was. I had to preserve myself, and him. It
was just the rational choice.

‚Äã

Grey looked between us, hopeful, but wary of the reactions from the
group. He looked to Orange. He hesitated, made as if to speak‚Ä¶ Then
changed his mind.

‚ÄúCome on‚Äù, he said at last, with a sigh. ‚ÄúAnother room down. Let‚Äôs do
this‚Äù. And away he went through the corridor.

Behind went Green, and Red, with Yellow.

Then Orange, then Violet.

‚Äã

‚Äú‚Ä¶If I could take it back, Blue‚Äù, Indigo said to me as we walked, ‚Äúthen
I would. I would take all of it back. I‚Äôm not so different to your
brother, you know‚Äù.

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt want to hear it‚Äù.

‚ÄúAnd he was worse, Blue‚Äù.

‚ÄúI said, I don‚Äôt want to hear it‚Äù.

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt deserve to escape from here‚Äù, he said quietly. ‚ÄúThis is what I
have decided. And if I am given a chance in the next room to save
another over myself, as Grey did, then I‚Äôll take it, I swear‚Äù.

‚ÄúI don‚Äôt care, Indigo‚Äù, I told him, as we watched the others begin to
settle down at their computers. ‚ÄúI can tell you now, I won‚Äôt be doing
the same. And certainly not for yourself‚Äù.

[Part 8: The Violet Room]
