After my last post I spent the night in my office, again. I barely
slept. The humming had stopped, surely someone had died. I hated to
think that, but I couldn’t brush the thought away. Also the inmate on
the tier, he had said something. He said ‘now it’s coming’.

When I woke up I immediately called Rusk. I had to know if there had
been another murder. I must have sounded crazy. Rusk simply said there
hadn’t but the prison remained in lock down. There would be guards,
prison officials, detectives everywhere. The tier would be empty as
inmates would remain in lockdown most of the day.

No murder. I was relieved that no one had been killed. But frightened
that it still may happen.

Later that day I went and spoke to someone I confided in a lot, the
prison psychologist. We approach things differently, but often reach the
same conclusion. I wanted to ask her about Sterling, the man that was
recently executed. Perhaps he was somehow connected to all of this.
Perhaps she could help me realize how crazy I am.

When I spoke with her she said she wanted me to fully understand
Sterling, and that while had some mental challenges, he understood what
he had done. She said he had a traumatic childhood full of physical and
mental abuse. 

As for his crime, she said that when Sterling was nineteen he met three
young girls at that park. According to Sterling, they allowed him to
play with them for a while. Then something happened and the girls
laughed at him. Sterling became angry and killed all three by strangling
them with his hands.

Their bodies were discovered the following morning inside a backed up
drainage pipe in a flooded ditch. The pipe was not large enough to
accommodate their bodies. Sterling made them fit. She had seen the
photographs and said it was a gruesome scene and likely the reason
Sterling was sentenced to death.

Police found Sterling later that morning less than a mile away. His
clothes were wet and covered in mud. There was dried blood on his hands
and beneath his fingernails. He confessed immediately. According to the
police, he was humming when they arrested him. She assumed it was Row
row row your boat as he always hummed that song.

I asked her what she knew of that song. She said it was a coping
mechanism for Sterling. He hummed it when he was afraid. It was a song
his sister used to sing when he was a child. Sterling also said the
three little girls were singing the song when they were playing
together. 

She added that he would sometimes hum it when they were in session, and
often she would catch herself humming it later.

I asked her why the inmates and guards were afraid of the song. She said
that people make connections for things that aren’t there. A guard sees
a horrific murder and hums to comfort himself. An inmate has had a
horrible upbringing and hums to cope with stressful situations.
Sometimes a tune just gets stuck in your head. 

She started to hum the song. I asked her to please stop. She looked at
me and smiled.

Just as I was about to leave she said something else. She said that
sometimes she would hear the song when she was working late at night,
coming from somewhere on the tier. And that sometimes it wasn’t the only
sound, there would be a soft metal sound, a little tink that played the
same melody. She said it reminded her of a little music maker that
Sterling wore around his neck. I asked her if it played the same nursery
rhyme. She said she didn’t know. It made noise, but not sure if it
played that song, or any song. I asked her where the music maker was now
and she said Sterling had given it to another inmate, Michael DuPont.
She told me not to waste my time with him though, he was impossible to
deal with.

I thanked her for her time and made my way down the tier to talk to
Michael Dupont.

The tier was busy with guards and officials. People trying to figure out
what had been happening and why inmates kept getting murdered. Despite
the busyness there was a certain quiet. It was as if no one wanted to
make a sound.

I rounded the last corner before I heard it. A few notes of the song.
Someone humming Row row row your boat. I stopped in my tracks and turned
toward the sound. I noticed an older guard do the same thing. I heard an
inmate yell ‘shut up.’ I quickened my pace.

From what I knew of Michael, which wasn’t a lot, he wasn’t your
stereotypical inmate. He was a muscular person, and handsome in a
gentlemanly way. They say he could have been a star athlete, a model, or
a politician. Instead he chose a different path.  The traits that would
have made him successful outside of prison made him one of the most
liked and feared inmates inside of it.

Michael was also incredibly intelligent, and as I approached his cell he
said ‘the shrink sent you here, huh.’ I tried to make small talk and
asked him how he was doing. He told me that I looked tired, much worse
than last night on the tier. That hit hard. I didn’t realize I was
talking to the same inmate as last night. Suddenly I was back on the
tier last night. The humming, the tall looming figure. This same inmate
looked into me and said ‘now it was coming’.

He snapped his fingers and asked if I was okay. All I could muster was a
simple ‘yes’ as I drifted back to the present. 

I asked him about Sterling and the music maker. He reached under his
shirt and pulled out a small wooden box tied to a string around his
neck. He turned a small metal spindle and the box made a gentle metallic
note. He asked if I had heard the melody being played at night. I shook
my head that I hadn’t, but told him the psychologist had.

He asked why I was interested in the music maker. I didn’t know, and
couldn’t give him an answer. He said it was just part of some old timer
superstition and I should forget about it. He placed the music maker
back under his shirt.. 

Michael walked back to his bunk and sat down, he said he was tired. I
needed more so I asked him another question. I said that we both heard
humming last night, and then it stopped. I told him that others had said
I should be afraid when the humming stopped. Why didn’t anything happen
last night? He touched the music maker under his shirt, running his
fingers along its edges before saying that I had heard one person stop
humming, that was all.

My mind raced back to my conversation with the psychologist. She said
she hummed sometimes. The two guards hummed at home. The coroner in the
morgue was humming.

Michael broke the silence and asked if I ever hummed. I thought about
last night again, how I had the strong urge to hum but kept it inside.
Barely. Others must have the same urge. Someone could be humming now. I
said I hadn’t hummed. He just laughed.

He laid on his bunk, clearly the conversation was over. Before I left I
asked him one more question. I asked him why Sterling didn’t want me at
his execution. Michael said that Sterling thought I might stop the
execution. When I asked why Sterling wouldn’t want that, Michael said
that some men know they’re supposed to die.

This evening I decided to not go to my office but return to the rectory.
I need a change of scenery. I still kept the door locked. I lock most
doors now. 

I also decided not to work but instead pray, and then get some sleep. As
soon as I was done with my prayers and my head hit the pillow I was
out. 

But I didn’t really sleep. I had horrible dreams. 

I was shoving dead bodies into a drain pipe. The little music maker
around my neck kept getting caught on the clothes of the people I was
shoving into the pipe. Sometimes I had to crawl into the pipe to
retrieve it. There is something choking me, from the inside. Something
lodged in my throat.

All the while I had a strong urge to hum. My jaw clenched so tight it
hurt. I could taste blood in my mouth. 

Then something grabbed me, quickly and violently. I jolted awake
screaming. I was covered in sweat. Blood trickled out of the corner of
my mouth. A few spots stained my pillow.

I sat there in quiet horror, unable to move. Then I heard it and began
to cry. Humming. Maybe I always hear it now. Row row row your boat. The
simple child’s song has sown so much fear.

A short while ago another sound joined the hum. The soft metal tink of a
music maker. Slowly playing notes to the song that has been haunting me
for days. I’m sitting here in my locked room weeping, listening to it
all. The hum. The metallic tink notes from a music maker. I’m looking
down at my hands. I’m looking down at the little music maker I’m
holding, and thinking, what have I done.

Part 1
Part 2
