I wish I had told her before she found out, though I only think that
looking back. If I’m being honest, at the time I thought I’d get away
with it. Taking with me neither remorse nor consequence. Even now my
wish to have admitted it before is nothing short of self-serving. That
way if I told her before she found out I could’ve taken credit for being
honest and done more damage control. 

“Shit never gets done in this god damn house.” 

I groaned to myself under my breath. After just getting back from a
weekend away the house is usually spotless and meals are prepped for me.
I really have no room to complain however today was an excepotion.

“Hey I’m home, have you eaten at all? It would’ve been nice to have
some.”

The only light on was the kitchen that I was using, everything else was
quiet and void. I debated shouting again to “unintentionally” wake her
up so I could argue over it, but I felt benevolent after the weekend I
had. Letting it rest while I settled on a microwaved meal.
As the hum of the microwave purred I rested my head on the counter
passing time gently. 

Stirred awake by the alarm of the microwave I got up to find my wife
throwing the microwave door open and dropping the plate onto the
counter.

“Jesus fucki- what the hell is wrong with you?” I stuttered, shocked by
her silent appearance.

Without reaction or emotion she ripped the plastic sheet off and shoved
a fork into the plate. Putting it in front of me she finally spoke.

“You’re going to explain to me what that’s doing in my house.”

Her messy black hair was left down, as usual for her night routine. It
was really hard to acknowledge any genuine anger from her, she just
looked really cute.

“Baby what are you talking about?”

Without a word she raised her eyebrows and glanced expectantly to her
right and went right back to me.

“Go on.”

Entertaining these games while I wished she would just address me like a
normal person, I turned to see a heart shaped balloon. Furrowing my brow
I turned slowly back to her,

“What is that, I don’t know what that is, what the hell’s going on?” I
questioned her desperately.

I mean I knew the possibility but that didn’t quite mean I had been
caught for certain or the possibility was a reality.

“Why are you insisting on playing the bullshit games the second I get
home, god dammit Zoey.” I threw up my hands now going onto the attack.

“Oh you don’t know what that is, oh ok hmhm.” She matched my pitch as
she opened the drawer, throwing a card to me, landing in my food. 

“Well then I must be going crazy because there’s only one Mason in this
house, so, silly me for asking him, right?” She shouted at me as I
picked up the card which clearly was meant to go with the balloon. 

“You need to calm down because I didn’t do shit, there must be a
mistake. Let me figure this out but I need you to chill out.” I retorted
sternly with a finger raised at her before I read through what the card
said.

“Here’s something to remind you of me, because I’d hate for you to
forget. After all, you’re all I can think of after the night we had,
call me and I’ll be there. ♡
Sincerley,
xxx-xxx-xxxx”

I’m sure she’s looking for an admission at this point, for no
explanation actually saves me anymore. I’m sure she wants me to fess up
so we can have a proper honest argument leading to a decision she
probably already has the answer to. Staying or divorcing with no kids in
this picture probably won’t be too hard of a choice. Though I wasn’t
ready for any of that to start because the only thing on my mind before
any of that was how the prostitute got my name and address. 

“Ok so the delivery service dropped it off at the wrong apartment,
what’s the issue? For god’s sake my name’s not even on here you’re just
lying to start a fight with me.” I defended myself.

“Are you fucking stupid, your still trying to deny you slept with some
whore? Turn the damn card over you idiot, it says your full god damn
name.” She demanded of me as I turned to see the most evident proof.

“So wha-” I started
“And the wrong apartment? That’s cute, genius fucking excuse honestly.
Tell me, who around here is named Mason? Because I know our neighbors so
please enlighten me.”

My hand swiped downwards from my forehead to cover my mouth as I let out
a sigh. 
It’s been some time since that happened. Everyday before getting in the
house, that night goes on repeat in my mind as I sit in my car for just
short of half an hour recollecting myself and then, like clockwork, this
meditative time gets interrupted.

*tap tap tap*
“My love dinner’s ready, hurry on before it loses heat!”

My wife, whom I’d never divorced nor lost, calls for me to come inside
muffled behind the car’s closed window. I turn, like usual and put up a
smile of deceit holding up a finger to ask for another minute while I
pretend that I was on a client call the entire time. This is when she
backs off and waits while I collect myself for another night. 

“So what are we going to do?” I beg first thing while entering the
house, hoping the endless arguing is done and we can continue our lives
together.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about, and I’ts honestly crazy you
have the balls to come into this house acting like that. I will decide
what to do with you when I’m ready. Or is that too much for you, my
highness?” 

That was the typical earful she gave me for the following week since I
came back.

“Look I’m sorry that’s not how I meant it ok. I just want to work this
out with you.” I pleaded with her.

“Should’ve thought of that before sleeping with a braud.” She quickly
snapped.

My head down in defeat with no more words or reasons to offer back to
that. I did, I want to stay with her, truly. There unfortunately isn’t
consolation or redemption for an act like this outside of time to prove
myself. Though maybe I wasn’t actually willing to spend that time always
being at her beck and call in order to redeem myself. 

The week following I spent most of my time at home lying down in my
despair without the care to really do anything else. On these days,
without any change she mentioned she was leaving for the market, after I
groaned in acknowledgement she was off.

That routine never changed, a year from then and everyday I wallow in my
bed. My work had steady increases every year but it’s all come to a halt
and I get the feeling soon they won’t keep me around. I can’t blame them
of course, I’m aware of how much of a lackluster ghoul I look like. They
were all supportive of me taking my time off after Zoey got into the
accident but when in their eyes she had a perfect recovery they expected
me to get back to work. The childish office talk assuming my home life
gets to me too. 
“None of it matters because none of them know.” My wife whispered
sensually into my ear. “You’re such a hard worker, they’re bound to see
you, you deserve it. Everyone else is just jealous of how perfect you
are my love.”

My wallowing was never in solitude anymore. Always, every single day no
matter what, the second I come home and the second I leave she’s right
on me.

“Is there anything you want me to do for you?” Breathing those words and
ideas directly into my brain. It sent chills down to my core for more
reasons than one. 

“I think I’m actually going to head out to the liquor store for a bit.”
It was the first sign of will I had in my life for a while.

“Why?” Immediately came back in a no longer seductive voice.

“Probably just get some cigarettes and a drink or something, works
been-” I tried.

“Then why won’t you rely on me, I’m here and not once have you looked my
way.” She interrupted, starting to get wise with me.

“Hey, I said I was just going out, can you back off please?” I sat up
now looking down at her showing all the disgust that’s been building up.

She didn’t fight back, nor react to me. She just watched me. Letting
enough silence build, I committed to what I said I would do. 

Turning off the bedroom light behind me I heard the bed creak. Who knows
what she does while I’m away but it doesn’t matter. I’ve decided that I
won’t be coming back, no matter what everybody around me tells me and
shames me for, regardless of my supposed cruelty, I can’t stay idle here
anymore in this rotten home.

My plan was cut short halfway to the door as I patted down my pockets
realizing my keys must’ve dropped on the bed. The moment I stopped,
putting the house into silence I heard her bare feet slap the wood
floors from behind me. Reacting, I turned to be face to face with
something so hideously hateful just before I was knocked into sleep

*brrring* *brrring* *brrring*

Woken up in my self pity slumber, my wife was calling me, which
surprised me and made my heart flutter for a moment. I remember being
highschoolers with this woman and the first time we agreed to facetime.
I don’t know why I felt weird being the one to call her so I told her,

“I’m free right now so call me whenever you get the chance!”

Instants later my screen was buzzing and my heart throbbed, I spoke to
her everyday but it was just different and new.

This, as mentioned before, was a wake up call from my sleep, my romantic
delusions, and my anticipation of her calling me to kindle our love once
more. 

Two hours after she left she was side swiped by a semi truck and crushed
into the median on the freeway. Me still  being her emergency contact,
they told me she was unresponsive and is immediately going to the ER. 

I told them I’d be there as fast as I could, but the nearest ER to the
wreck was 2 hours away from me, even though she said she was just going
to the market. I knew what that meant and what decision she made but I
still needed to see her. 

“Why, why, why, don’t you love me anymore? What did I do to you, all of
you are supposed to be head over heels for a woman like me so what is
it?” She begged me at the side of the bed.

I groaned in pain, processing everywhere that hurt, aside from the dent
in my head my arms and legs were crudely bound, but most panging of all
was just below my chest. It felt raw and was burning its pain into me. I
let out a scream, or tried to as that’s all I could do just before she
shoved a rag in my mouth.

“Stop it, that’s annoying.” She told me without a sign of her having a
soul. “Since you’re awake I need you to watch, so calm down now.”

The rag was pushed further down my throat to ensure its safety while the
voice I had was completely muffled with only my tears pouring to show my
thoughts. She then grabbed a plate from the floor and sat atop of me. 

“I don’t know what else I need to do, honestly, I have tried everything
for you and by every standard you should love me already so I did some
studying on your traditions.” Her monologue continued as she let the
plate rest on my chest while she tied her hair back and cleaned her
hands on the blanket.  

“The first wife, or the first woman to be loved, was forged through the
ribs of her other half. Their marriage, so beautifully connected yet
dependent on another. I first heard it and thought it was odd, like a
rib you know? But the more it festered in my mind I realized she was
made to be at his side so of course it was the rib!” She exclaimed,
clearly proud of herself.

“So with this, all will be done and I will be a part of you!” Her
resolution stated while she lifted from the plate a long bone, dripping
in blood, pink and raw. 

“That’s… great.” I responded awkwardly to my wife seeing that within the
time it took me to get to the hospital she was completely fine. Bandages
covered the sides of her face but not a single other issue.

“Sorry, the car is kinda wrecked now huh?” She giggled at her classless
joke, so did the doctors, and staff, everyone was perfectly ok with it.
No one thought the dead girl making quirky jokes was wrong. No one
remembered the real Zoey. 

Her teeth bore into whatever lie on the bone, cracking it and
splattering the blood onto my face as she started to cackle with nothing
short of euphoric delight. Her movements bounced into my chest forcing
that wound to open more and more. My screams weren’t enough to outmatch
her hysteria. The blood now covering her face as well, especially with
her hair tied back it started to look like her skin was cracking open. 

Shoving that bloodied and false face into my own she breathed to calm
down right in my face, “I need you to start calming down because I’m
almost done and if this doesn’t fucking work still then maybe i’ll eat
the whole rack!”

She leaned back and started crunching into the bone itself until nothing
else remained. Tearing out the rag from my mouth I couldn’t even get a
groan out before she shoved her mouth into it. Her taste was… actually
really nice. 

It’s been about a year since my wife made that miraculous recovery, I’m
blessed to not have to work or leave the house at all. My wife is
everything to me and I can’t help but watch her every move. Her gorgeous
stunning red hair, so elegantly lights my life ablaze with every sight.
Sometimes she has to leave and that’s the worst, that’s when I remember
things I did that hurt her, or things she did to hurt me. Though every
time her beauty marks the scene all is forgotten. 
