I found this board while researching what had been happening these last
few months. I’m not exactly what you would call a writer, so bear with
me here. Over the last four months, something has been leaving things in
my room, and there’s something about them that’s just… wrong. 

It all started fairly innocently back on march first of this year. I
woke up that day in a cold sweat at exactly 2:37 AM. Now, one thing you
should know about me is that I’m a very deep sleeper. I manage to sleep
through  the constant police sirens roaring past my apartment every
night, so not much will wake me up at night short of being grabbed. This
time when I awoke there didn’t seem to be any reason. I frantically
scanned the room for some disturbance I had yet to detect, but I found
nothing. My closet door was just as tightly sealed as I had left it, as
were my bedroom door and my window. My bedside table was just as messy
as always, and the clothes scattered across my floor were undisturbed.
The only thing that was odd was that sitting on the window sill, there
was a small ficus plant. I’m not the type to keep houseplants, but my
roommate is constantly insisting that I might enjoy it, so I figured she
decided to make the decision for me tonight and went back to sleep.

Sure enough, the ficus was still there in the morning, ruling out the
possibility of it being a dream. I walked over to the window sill to
take a closer look. It was just a regular looking plant, though it may
have been a little small. The pot on the other hand looked like a piece
of modern art, wavy and warped but still that standard brown color.
Honestly I thought it was pretty neat, and was happy to keep the plant
assuming I could keep it alive for more than a couple weeks. I got
dressed and stepped into the tiny kitchen shared by me and my roommate
Lori. Lori was making some eggs on the stove, probably trying to redeem
herself for burning them a couple days back.

“Nice plant Lori. What is that, a ficus?”

“Huh?”

“The pots pretty neat too, thanks for the late birthday gift”

My birthday had been a couple weeks ago, and Lori had forgotten about it
until the day of and was unable to get me a gift.

“I have no clue what you’re on about” Lori cocked her head slightly and
looked through my cracked bedroom door.

“I’ve got no clue where that came from, but I’m happy to see you taking
care of something for once”

“Hm. Must be from someone else then”

At the time I didn’t really believe Lori, figured she must have been
messing with me. 4 days later I woke up again, at exactly 2:37. I did my
scan of the room: doors are closed, window was just barely cracked as I
left it, clothes undisturbed, ficus in the window. I glanced once more
at the door, and I noticed a key in the lock. I had lost my bedroom key
weeks ago. Rather than turn the room over looking, I had just gotten one
of those ones that you turn to lock, no key needed. I figured I must’ve
been dreaming.

I woke up in the morning not expecting the key to stay, but sure enough
it was still there. I got up to take a closer look, when I noticed the
key wasn’t fully in the key hole. It looked as if someone had taken the
key and jammed it as far as they could into the wrong lock. I pulled it
out of the key hole with an embarrassing amount of effort, and turned it
over in my hand. It almost looked like one of those keys you see in a
cartoon, and it was the wrong shade of grey. I figured Lori must still
be messing with me, so I decided to confront her. I opened my door and
stepped out looking for her, but I didn’t see her.

“Hey! Lori!”

I looked down at the hand that had been holding the key just a second
before, and found it empty. Suddenly my allergies started acting up,
which must’ve woken Lori.

“Everything okay out there?”

She peaked her head out the door. 

“Uh, yeah…”

I looked around on the floor, figuring I had dropped the key.

“You missing something?”

“No, it’s nothing”

I walked back to my room and looked for it there, but it never turned
up. I opted not to tell Lori about my apparent hallucination and went
about my day. 

Another four days and it happened again. I woke up at exactly 2:37,
searched for a disturbance, and found everything normal except for what
appeared to be a very small brassiere on the edge of my bed. In the
morning I got up and inspected it.

“Hey Lori! I think I got some of your washing by mistake!”

I stepped outside to show Lori what I assumed was hers, only for the
thing to disappear again and my allergies to start acting up.

“Never mind, it’s mine!”

I didn’t feel like seeming crazy, so I once again chose not to tell her.

March sixteenth was when I stopped suspecting Lori. Once again it
happened exactly four days later at 2:37. This time I didn’t have to
look long, since I heard it first. A faint meow from underneath my bed.
I looked under my bed and found a small orange cat. Its legs were short
for its size and its paws were larger than they should have been, but
otherwise it seemed normal. The cat seemed friendly, and I spent the
rest of the night playing with it until it fell asleep on chest, its
loud purrs putting me to sleep. In the morning I took a closer look at
the cat, and realized I was unable to discern its sex. The thing
reminded me of a Ken doll, so that’s what I named them, Ken. At this
point I assumed anything that appeared would disappear if it left the
room, and Ken was becoming my little buddy. I decided I would do
everything in my power to keep them safe in that room. Any time I opened
the door I made sure they couldn’t get out, I never left the window open
more than a crack, and most importantly I never let Lori know about Ken.
She would want to see them, show them to guests, and play with them. It
was too risky.

Another four days went by and I woke up again, same as every other night
I noticed nothing wrong initially, but I was unable to find whatever may
have appeared. In the morning I still found nothing. Later in the day I
found a little spider in my room, and being as much of a softy as ever I
grabbed a cup and scooped him up. As I carried him out of the room I
watched as he crumbled into dust and mingled with the air, and I started
sneezing. This was the first I saw something disappear before my eyes,
and being able to now link my allergies to it made me confident in the
reality of it. Some of you may ask why I didn’t write this off as my
brain playing tricks on me, but the only alternative would be admitting
that my family history of schizophrenia had finally caught up to me. You
would’ve wanted to believe it was real too.

Another four days and it happened again. You know the drill by now, woke
up, looked around, and found something strange. This time there was a
pile of slightly warped, oddly sized spoons sitting on my bed side
table. I decided I would test if they really all disappeared by tossing
them one by one out my window. 30 spoons, and every single one faded to
dust in midair as soon as it left the room, and every single one
triggered my allergies. This only strengthened my belief in the reality
of my situation. 

I’ll speed through these next couple as they didn’t really teach me
anything new. On march twenty fourth a small warped lamp appeared next
to the door, which Ken promptly knocked over causing it to leave the
room. On march twenty eighth a large cardboard cutout of Nicolas cage
appeared, which freaked me out when I saw it and I promptly threw it out
the window. On April second a large fly appeared, and promptly flew out
the window. On April sixth things picked back up. I woke up at 2:37 with
a cat sleeping on my chest, but it wasn’t Ken. This cat was entirely
proportionate, entirely silent, entirely blind, and a deep red color I
didn’t believe was possible. I attempted to wake it, but soon realized
it was entirely lifeless. Not exactly dead, it just seemed as if it had
never been alive at all.

In the morning I examined the cat closer. Unlike Ken, she had sex
markers. Her eyes were milky white, with no irises or pupils. Its fur
was a deep, solid red with zero imperfections or variations. Everything
else about the cat was normal other than that ever present absence of
life. I had the idea of dissecting it, seeing if I could glean some new
understanding of my situation, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I
tossed it out the window, unable to bear looking at it anymore. Ken
cocked their head and gave me an inquisitive meow, wondering why their
new friend was gone. I calmed them down with some chin scratches, and
they curled up in my lap and fell fast asleep.

April tenth was the worst yet. I woke up once again at 2:37, to a man
standing at the foot of my bed. He was too tall, probably about seven
feet. He had short brown hair and was wearing a Walmart employee’s
uniform with a name tag that said “lmnop”. He had no eyes, his teeth
were a deep brown, and as he stood there his shoulders exaggerated their
rise and fall as if he was trying to breathe without understanding the
mechanism required.

“Hello?”

No response. The man stood there staring somehow despite his lack of
eyes, pretending to breathe for hours. In the morning I couldn’t stand
it any longer, and I pulled him out the door, where he disappeared and
made me sneeze just like the rest. Four days later the items went back
to normal if you can really call it that. First a pineapple, which I
attempted to eat only to find it was filled with tiny pinecones, then a
swarm of flys that flew out the window, a mouse toy that I let Ken play
with, and more things like that until June second.That night I didn’t
wake up at 2:37, but instead at 3:00. I woke up to bird flying around my
room, perfectly normal looking. Before I got a better look it flew out
the window and turned to dust. 

After this I went back to waking up at exactly 2:37, always to pretty
average things that would eventually disappear, until June fourteenth
when I awoke at 2:37 to a woman standing over my bed. She was naked, but
all her body parts were distorted, some too small, some too big, and
everything else was just perfectly average. She never spoke, but she
immediately began tying what appeared to be a noose with an extension
cord. Before she could kill her self I opened the door and pushed her
out. She disappeared just like the rest.

On June fifteenth I got a call from my little brother, telling me our
mom’s funeral was tomorrow, June eighteenth, in our hometown. I would
have to spend the night. As I’m writing this I’m simply staring at Ken
and the ficus in the windowsill, terrified of what could appear while
I’m gone.
