The Church of Abner’s Folly sits in the middle of a vast wetland just
off the junction of Choptank River and the Piankatank.

I pass it every mornin’ in my boat on my way to the oyster farm where I
work.

“I heard ’dem teenagers use it for intercourse,” barks my drunkard
boat-mate, Leroy, as we move by it.  

The story goes that its last congregation drank a tonic of arsenic and
ginger-ale as they sang hymns to ward off the rising tides and appease
their God, who they called Mother. 

That was before my time.  In my years, it has sat, quiet, vacant and
strangely without decay in that marshland.

I am a man who does entertain tales of hooey and what-have-you…

…but I was still uneasy when my lady-to-be-wed asked to exchange our
vows there.

“The Church of Abner’s Folly?” I repeated back to her nervously.

She nodded and smiled at me.  That smile was the closest thing to
witchcraft that I knew of, I was helpless against it…but still I tried
to make a case against her request.

“Sugar plum…I heard the teenagers use it for intercourse…”

She chuckled it off, “You know darn well nobody after a poke is gonna
paddle out to the Marsh of Gregory then put on boots to trudge through
that muddy marsh, to then go into a church that probably smells like
formaldehyde and a man who’s neglectin’ himself.”

“Okay…So why get married in some place like that?  You wanna have this
big wedding, honey…how you gonna get thirty-five-some-odd people…some
with bad hips…to wanna do all that?”

She just smiled again and I melted.  I am the tub of Country Crock to
her white bread, and she knows she can dip in me with abandon.

Although, I did put my foot down and say I did not want to handle the
logistics.  She gave me the sweetest kiss and told me to leave it with
her.  A mark of a real, loving, working relationship if you ask this
fella.

….

I stood there in The Church of Abner’s Folly, hand-in-hand with my
lovely.  All of our nearest and dearest dressed in their finest
skivvies.  I was filled with a warmth that I cannot place words for you
here.

There were Aunt Rita, Clammy Sam, Daryl and my Great Uncle Coolio on my
side of the pews. Most of my family long gone to various ailments or
disagreements. 

On her side was a strange mix of well-to-do men and women that I had
never laid eyes on.  She called them brothers and sisters even though
she spoke to every Tom, Dick or Stanley about the fact she was an
orphan.

The preacher was a cloaked woman named Preacher Mayhew.

But I will give credit where credit is due, my sweet girl did handle
everything, even the writing of my vows, which again, I was thankful.  I
am not one for words and candor.

“My angel, Bethesda, I take you as you are.  A man who lies in front of
the woman before him and asks her to guide him to a bold flame of
enlightenment.  I take your hand and I will dance with you to
Beelzebub’s fiddle, until our feet fall off…”

Those on Bethesda’s side found a good chuckle with this.  My Aunt Rita
dosed off a bit, but everyone else looked quite perplexed on my side.

Then Bethesda began…

“I am the child of Abner’s fortune.  As the life left those brothers and
sisters who lay on this very floor, I was shaped by Mother’s diamonds in
the oyster shells of the Choptank River. A gift, to end mankind….”

I have been accused of being a bad listener more than once or twice in
my life.  In this moment, I was guilty as charged because I was lost in
the beauty of the woman who I was moments away from calling my wife.

Some of my side of the church got a little rowdy as Bethesda finished…

“Upon marriage to this baptized Christian, Abner’s Tribulation shall
commence.”

They began to shout and scream as Preacher Mayhew said, “I now pronounce
you husband and wife.  You may kiss the bride.”

Jubilation.

I puckered up and sank into my first kiss with my wife.  I worry “love”
is a word that is lacking in emotion, when I tell you I felt love in
that moment that I never have.

Here is where I believe you may call me a liar, but I promise you, as we
kissed, a dark sea of red began to pour into that church.  I only know
that…

Because I heard the screams.

Everyone began to BURN. The tide, acidic with something holy, or unholy,
depending on your disposition, brought all of our guests pain…until they
no longer lived.

Not us.  The pulpit on which we kissed — and my friend we KISSED —
simply raised up to the ceiling until it was just us.  Alone in our
love, ready to set forth on a life of happiness.

I imagine I will field some questions of uncertainty from the lot of
you, which is fair game and good banter.

But before that…

I’d like to tell you that we are currently operating The Church of
Abner’s Folly and we are looking for new, excitable members of the
congregation.  

Are you interested?
