I thought it was going to be a normal day. I woke up and poured my
morning coffee. I had the radio on as I fixed some breakfast. The local
radio station played its normal schtick of two goofball hosts and they
shared there would be clear skies all day. Perfect, it was time for me
to weed the garden and maybe try out the new spinning rod I purchased
this month. It was looking to be a great day off of my day job.

*knock knock knock* Great, who could that be? I have a no solicitor sign
by my door but it often times doesn’t stop the bravest of salesman from
trying to pitch a sale and not take a no. Sure enough as shit, I see a
man standing on my porch. He is tall and skinny, probably middle aged
but his skin is tight on his face, almost like he used Botox on the
regular. He’s wearing a long sleeved green scratchy patterned overcoat
on top of a sweat stained white shirt. That makes sense, its 90 degrees.
All of this complimented by a red tie, some khakis, and some loafers.
His blonde hair in a balding combover and pearly white teeth.

“Hello”, he says. His voice being somewhat deep. “My name is Eugene and
I work for On the Edge Cutlery”. He reached out to shake my hand, and I
did indeed shake it. I didn’t want to be rude.

“Hey man, it’s nice to meet you, but I don’t discuss sales. I have a no
soliciting sign, maybe you didn’t see it”. I went to point to the sign
and noticed it was vandalized. Damn teenagers must have spray painted it
lately, it wouldn’t have been the first time I’ve had trouble. This area
has its fair share of tweakers and bored teens. “No, I didn’t see a
sign. So, like I was saying, I work for On the Edge Cutlery. We sell
premium knives. Do you know your neighbors, the Runyons. You know, four
houses down?”

“No”, I tell him. “I don’t know the Runyons and I’m not interested in
the knives”.

“Oh, come now, sir”, said Eugene. “I have never had a dissatisfied
customer, and I don’t intend to start now”.

“That’s the thing, I am not a customer”, I tell him. While trying to put
it through his head that I have no interest, he drops his duffle bag and
goes fumbling through it. Meanwhile, some storm clouds begin to roll in.
Great, just great. The weatherman says clear skies, but this is how that
Kansas weather works sometimes. Probably a pop-up storm that will be
here and gone in a matter of moments.

He pulled out one of the kitchen knives and a piece of paper and began
slashing it to show me how sharp the blades are as rain falls on us. The
rain progressed to heavier and I told him to get the fuck off my
property before I heard the sirens. Really, a twister? Great.

“Euguene, it looks like a storm is coming. Let’s wait this out in the
cellar. I can’t let you go during a storm”.

He and I made our way into my storm cellar. In there, I handed him a
towel and a bottle of water. “Wow, this is a bad storm”, I say as I take
a mental inventory of where all of my emergency supplies are. “It’s not
that bad”, he says. “I have seen much worse than this. Now like I was
saying, these blades are incredibly sharp, and I see you are a man who
drives a hard bargain. I am going to go against my normal routine, and I
am going to offer you a free cleaning kit to go with the large set of
blades. This set has everything you need from a butcher’s knife all the
way to a simple butter knife”.

“Again, I am not interested in the damn knives”, I shout. As I shouted,
the power went out. Reaching round wildly, I turned on a battery powered
lantern so dimly light the room and he now is closer to me with his
sleeves rolled up and his eyes much wider. Those white teeth have turned
yellow and he has a panicked look on his face. His arms are full of
scars, both new and old. “So, you see sir”, he panted and rasped
quickly. “These knives are extremely sharp. Looks how they take the hair
off my arm”. He began to scrape his arm with one of the blades and peel
the hair off, making small knicks along the way. “Sharp enough to
circumcise”, he cackled. Outside, the wind was howling and thunder
crashed. Water trickled in my cellar store, it only ever did this when
the storms were intense. He came closer to me and reached in his duffle
bag once more. “I will even throw in a free sharpener. You see how sharp
these knives are, sir. But, on top of the cleaning kit, I will even
throw in a sharpener”. Out came a can of spray paint. Black spray paint.
The color that ruined my sign.

“oh”, he clucked. “You weren’t supposed to see that”. He began to pick
his teeth with the knife he was holding. It sounded like a train was
passing through us outside. This was no ordinary twister; this is one
that could ruin everything I own. “you’re making this much too hard”.

“What are you talking about”, I asked. “You vandalized my property and
now you are holding me at knife point”. I picked up a shovel I kept in
the cellar. “You better stay away from me”, I shouted.

“Stay away from you”, he chuckled. “Why would I do that? I am not trying
to hurt you. If I wanted to do that, I would really show you how sharp
these blades are”, as he swiped at me, but missed. I clocked him with
the shovel, and he fell into a pile of canned goods. He laughed and
looked up at me as he caught his bearings.

“I gotta say Mr. You got balls. And I could cut them off. You wouldn’t
be the first”.

Outside the flashes were growing more rapid, and the thunder began
booming.

“I can make all of this stop, you know”

“What are you talking about”, I demanded.

He stood up and straightened his tie. “I can make the storm stop”. He
wiped the blood off his forehead. “This can get a lot worse. You can’t
kill me, I know you are thinking about it. You wouldn’t be the first to
try. You won’t be the last either. We can both walk out of this cellar,
I’ll take a jar of those peaches your grandma canned. Your house won’t
get destroyed and that truck you almost paid off won’t get turned upside
down. This can get so much more worse and I don’t have to touch you”. He
grinned and chuckled again, “Or you can let me sell you the knives and I
will go on my way”.

To save you further trouble….I now have a set of knives sitting in a
block on my counter talk and he began walking East. If you happen to see
a middle aged salesman with a bundle of knives in a duffle bag, just
spend the $90.
