I moved from place to place growing up but for this post I’ll tell you
all two stories and give you my thoughts about it afterwards.

The first story would be from my hometown, I was about 5-7 years old at
the time and my mother wasn’t home as much, it was just me and the
underpaid nanny that stayed there a lot. One day I saw her rushing down
the stairs, it was an old 2 story house and she ran outside to talk to
the neighbor about a man in the house, she said it was a ghost cause he
looked like he came from an older time. Fast forward some weeks later I
went up the stairs cause that’s where I’d usually nap and I saw him,
standing in the corner with his posture all straight, he looked like a
soldier, ragged uniform and some injuries on him, there was blood all
over his arms and legs, some on his back.

I ran downstairs and hid till my mother came home cause the nanny went
outside for a bit. I told them what happened and they went upstairs and
we all saw that there were footprints left in the corner of the room.
Again, this house is old and dust accumulates pretty quickly, my mother
went outside to talk to the nanny and made her sweep the dust off that
corner. We never talked about it again and I knew that there was no way
someone could just appear there, there were no footprints that lead up
to them walking to the corner and just standing there, the windows were
locked and everything else was untouched. We carried on like nothing
happened.

The second story was when my mother, sister, and I moved to this old
place cities away from our hometown because my mother was trying to find
some work. It was an “apartment” that was actually just a house that got
bordered up into smaller pieces so a bunch of tenants can live in it,
but for some reason no one can live in it for long except for one family
that moved into the smallest part of the house, all squeezed into it
like sardines. Weird things started happening, there would be loud
knockings on the doors and whenever I’d open it, no one would be there.
There’d be no object that can make that sound but as soon as I’d close
it, the knocking would continue and even get louder.

The bathroom had a weird layout, there were two doors in it, the
bathroom on the left and this small space (assumingly) for the laundry
on the right, one dorr for the bathroom, one dorr for the laundry, but
they’re both connected to each other.

One lock for the bathroom, two locks for the laundry. We could always
hear the bathroom door unlock and swing open, the first lock on the top
of the door knob sliding, then the doorknob itself unlocking, turning,
and being aggressively swinged. I would also have someone tugging and
playing with my hair in my sleep, my mother would get scratches, and my
sister would get scared or yell out of nowhere talking and crying about
the mirrors. I was 10-11 and she was 5-6 around this time.

The house was cut up into four parts, the front, side (smallest one),
the main part (ours), then the back. A mother with two children, boy and
girl moved into the back of the house, and the grandmother of the family
in the smallest room stayed at the front (they had family issues).

The mother would start yelling at her children to stop throwing things
and making a mess of their belongings and the children would cry saying
that they didn’t do it, the mother later on admitted to my mother that
she knew her children didn’t do it, but that she couldn’t admit it cause
she was scared of being heard by the angry woman staring at her, said
that she kept feeling some staring at her and wanting to hurt her.

The grandmother started talking about how she hears someone running
around her part of the house carrying a baby trying to search for
something, said that whoever it was kept bumping into things and she had
to keep picking up her belongings first thing in the morning.

The grandmother is actually the MVP of this second story cause she went
around the city asking why the house was weird and all haunted.

Turns out that a big family lived there back in world war ii, and
because of the war the family’s numbers dwindled down throughout the
years until only some of them were left. A father, a mother, a sister, a
cousin/in-law carrying a baby, and a brother. She said that she talked
to the older people about this cause the younger folk don’t know much
about the house. Supposedly, they all died there, a murder suicide of
some kind but no one really knew the full story (yes, someone’s
grandmother said this to a 10-11 year old, she was problematic and okay
in some ways, terribly lonely woman since she outlived everyone except
for the family in the smallest room). The story goes that the father and
sister kept fighting about their financial issues alongside some trouble
with extended family members, said that they could hear them throwing
things at each other. The mother was a mellow woman that didn’t know
what to do and the brother died in the laundry room. They said that he
died trying to open the door, he hanged himself there. I was always
wondering why the ceiling in the laundry part of the bathroom was way
higher than the bathroom.

The grandmother said that she couldn’t get too much information from
them since they looked too scared to talk about it and that they don’t
remember too much of the details anymore. But the family all died there,
no one knows how the mother, in-law, or newborn died. Just said that the
house started smelling bad. We left that place a couple of months after.

Years later, I went with my grandmother back to my hometown because my
grandmother loved our old house. I asked the neighbor there if the place
was haunted and the guy had to take a deep sigh and told me (translated
to English) “That house was used as a headquarters for Japanese soldiers
back in world war ii, they used to make a bunch of plans there till they
had to flee to a different part of the city, left the entire house with
blood all over the walls.” My grandmother and I heard about it, but she
didn’t care cause she said that she still likes the house anyway, that
it was “cute enough”. I didn’t want to say anything because I didn’t
want to ruin our day out together but planned to bring it up later. I
couldn’t bring it up later, she had a stroke and started suffering from
dementia. I miss her sometimes, I wish she tried to talk to me more, but
she had PTSD and a bunch of other issues.

Now, here are my thoughts regarding these “ghosts”.

It is real, there were multiple witnesses, physical evidences and both
share a common trait of a bad history attached to the place, here are my
questions and speculations. It doesn’t matter if you believe me, I just
need you to hear me out.

The law or conversion of energy states that energy cannot be created nor
destroyed. The problem with this phenomenon leads me to this question,
“Why isn’t everything haunted?” Since hauntings and ghosts are real, but
nothing seems to stay haunted for too long, then that means that the
leftover energy, “ghosts”, disappear after a while, but, why do they
disappear and if they don’t disappear then where the hell do they go? If
hauntings happen due to an accumulation of extreme “bad/negative”
energy, why can’t the same happen with “good/positive” energy? Are these
leftover energies independent or dependent? Do they stay there because
they choose to or because they have no choice to? If they have no choice
to, then there must be some external process that triggers them to
disappear or go away.

More questions arise with little to no answers, the one thing that
separates humans from animals would be intelligence, how come animals
don’t seem to haunt things? Would the lack of intelligence contribute to
animals seemingly not being able to haunt things? Or are they already
able to haunt things but simply cannot make themselves known? If
intelligence is a requirement for a being to haunt something, what does
this say for mentally disabled humans? What does this say about animals
who could theoretically become smart like humans or smarter? If this
phenomenon has always happened then it must be an old process of energy,
that gets that residual energy from one point to another. Can places be
the only thing that’s haunted and not objects? Why do positive
emotions/energy seem to be what stops someone from haunting something?

To me, this entire thing is troublesome. The implications are absolutely
fucking horrifying. We don’t know how time works for these people, there
seems to be an in between that keeps them in our physical reality and
outside of it at the same time. This implies that time is not linear.
The past and present, may be happening all at the same time, I don’t
know what this says about the future. But why isn’t everything
haunted??? What the fuck is going on???

Also, this points to the fact we can’t be sure if humans are the only
thing out there, out HERE.

There is an in between that we are not seeing! Something beyond and
intangible but real! I am scared! I need to talk to people about this!!!
Whatever you may find please share it!!! It has been freaking me out for
years, I’ve turned 20 this year and I’ve gone through a lot, I’ve been
having trouble moving on from some terrible things that happened in my
life (no, I won’t be talking about any of that, don’t ask) and I need to
talk to someone about this. There are a lot of things that I want to
resolve but this one scares me the most. I don’t expect any of you to
give me a full blown explanation but I really, really need to get this
out of my chest.

I will only reply to the questions asked in this thread, I will never
reply to any DM’s. People need to see this, and whatever I say needs to
be out here. I don’t know what to do with this information. I’m not sure
if I can stop being scared.
