[1] - [2] - [3] - [4] - [5]

I was born in Maryland in the autumn of ’99. My biological father, Keith
Digman, was never a part of the picture, so I was raised by my mother
and stepfather. But after a falling out with my family in the spring of
2019, I was left to fend for myself; financially and otherwise.

Striking out on my own, with little to no prospects, I decided to get
back in touch with my biological father. It didn’t take long for me to
learn he had passed away a few years ago. To get to know him better, and
because I lacked any direction in life, I decided to seek out what
remained; to see who he was, and what he did.

Turns out my father was a man of many regrets.

He’d been in and out of jail dozens of times. He was a known alcoholic,
a thief, and hadn’t kept a job for longer than a few weeks. He was, to
all intents and purposes, an unapologetic failure. But I knew that
couldn’t be the full story.

​

I looked up his closest living relative, a half-brother named John
Digman. A sort of uncle, I guess.

He was a pain in the ass to find. He was registered on a dozen
addresses, under different names, in different states. Every lead just
took me to another throwaway account, an empty lot, some unknown nobody
who’d been slipped a twenty and told to shut up. This was a man who
didn’t want to be found.

That is, until I found myself in Tomskog, Minnesota.

​

The first time I met John Digman was at a cornet pub in central Tomskog.
The kind of place that’d been run by the same people for 30 years, and
who’d only taken on the place as a favor for the last person who ran it
for 30 years. These were solid salt-of-the-earth kind of people, so when
two strangers stepped in to order a plate of nachos and a couple of
beers, they couldn’t help but to wonder what was going on.

But apart from that, we were alone.

John was in his early forties. He had long dark hair with streaks of
silver running along his ears. He was clean-shaven, had a trucker cap
that promoted fire safety, and unassuming earth-colored clothes. He was
tall, thin as a stick, and kept wearing sunglasses even in the dark.

This was my long-lost uncle.

​

“So about your dad,” he said, rolling a toothpick between his fingers.
“You sure you wanna know?”

“Yeah,” I nodded. “I’ve heard some bad stuff.”

“You haven’t heard half of it.”

“Then it’s about time someone told me.”

John nodded. He snapped the toothpick in two, using one half to clean
his fingernails and the other to pick his teeth.

“Look,” he said. “Keith was your… father, in a way. I didn’t spend a lot
of time with him these past ten years, but I got a few e-mails every now
and then.”

“Can’t I just ask you stuff about him?”

“Sure,” he shrugged. “Ask away.”

We got our orders. A plate of nachos, olives, some cheese, and two
beers. John just poked around the plate, not grabbing anything, while I
horked it all down like I was in a race.

“So,” I asked in-between bites. “How did he die?”

“That’s probably the most complicated question you could’ve asked me.”

​

He told me about a conversation he’d had with my father not long before
he died. The story went a little something like this;

The reason for Keith Digman to come to Tomskog was a last-ditch effort.
He was disease-ridden, regretful, and desperate. He had nothing to his
name, and all he wanted was an honest chance to make things right.

Turns out, there is a place in Tomskog that is historically unique. Some
of the early settlers used to travel there, as it was the only nearby
town that had something resembling a church. But it also drew other
crowds, of other faiths.

One group of Scandinavian settlers had a peculiar ritual that they
performed there, called the Yearwalk.

​

It was a sort of contract between the natural and the unnatural. On New
Year’s Eve, you could walk counter-clockwise around the local church 12
times; one for each month. If you did, you would renounce your Christian
faith for a year. That meant an entire year as a faithless outcast, ripe
for the picking by any demon or ghoul that could find your immortal
soul.

However, if you made it through that entire year, your strife would be
rewarded.

​

“So what would you get?” I asked. “Gotta be something big.”

“You get a wish.”

“So… whatever you want?”

“Whatever you want.”

I could see how that would be tempting to someone like Keith. A chance
to make it all right, to set things straight. Anyone desperate enough
might just do it.

“So what happened?”

“I think he went through with it,” nodded John. “And then, he died.”

​

I ended up finishing the entire nacho plate on my own. John sipped his
beer, but didn’t finish it. I could tell why he was so scrawny; the guy
had no appetite.

We talked a lot about the way Keith used to be. His years in high
school, his likes and losses. How he loved to blast Kiss classics
driving his pride and joy; a ’68 Frogeye Sprite. He’d been an open, kind
and honest man once upon a time; until the world caught up with him.

As the day turned to midnight, we ended up taking a walk around a nearby
lake. John pointed out something interesting.

“This is where the church used to be, by the way” he said, pointing at
the lake. “There was a sinkhole at the turn of the century, dragging it
all down to the bottom.”

“There’s a church at the bottom of the lake?” I chuckled. “Then why is
it named Frog Lake?”

“Believe me, the frogs are far more interesting,” grinned John.

​

As we said our goodbyes, I got a firm handshake from him. His hands were
ice cold, and I got a glimpse of his eyes under those sunglasses.
Bloodshot, with a void-black iris.

“I think I get what you’re planning to do,” he said. “I’m not here to
tell you what to do. But if you want to do this, take it seriously. Some
things are out of your control.”

“You believe this is real?” I asked. “You think ‘Yearwalking’ really
killed him?”

“You’d be surprised how things really work when you get into the
nitty-gritty,” he shrugged.

We said our goodbyes and went our separate ways. As we did, he called
out to me.

“If you need me, just give me a call!”

Strange. His number was on my phone, but I didn’t remember saving it.

​

That night I thought about my estranged father. Keith had an idea of
what kind of life he wanted to live, but something happened along the
way. Maybe it was his own fault, maybe it wasn’t. Either way, it seemed
cruel for things to end like they did. A lonely man wandering around a
freezing lake on New Year’s Eve, asking the world for a favor.

I decided I would make the Yearwalk in his place and ask whatever powers
that be to show him mercy. Maybe give him a second chance, somewhere,
somehow. All good intentions.

​

I stayed in Tomskog for a while. I got a part-time job at a local
warehouse and rented a small apartment on the outskirts of town. I
barely had enough to make ends meet, but the place was small and the
rent was cheap. The landlord, a woman in her late forties, insisted I
take the place at a discount. Nice lady, but I’m not used to people
being nice. Not that nice, at least.

November turned to December. By the time New Year’s Eve was coming
about, I had almost forgotten why I stayed in the first place. I’d
gotten to know a few people around town and made some friends at work.
Just casual banter between acquaintances, but they were good people.
They’d invited me to a New Year’s Eve party, and I felt like an idiot
when I declined. I’d checked out the path, and walking one whole lap
around Frog Lake took at least 40 minutes. I’d need most of the day to
get all twelve.

But this was my goodbye to Keith Digman, in a way. A sendoff.

​

New Year’s eventually came about.

People were celebrating all over town, even in the early afternoon. I
could hear cheers and fireworks going up from every street downtown, but
I kept walking further and further away. As the cheers died down, I was
left with the crunch of snow and gravel, walking the path of Frog Lake.

“Alright, old man,” I sighed. “I hope you get your wish.”

I started walking.

There was a convenient road that circled the entire lake. It was lined
with streetlights, half of which were broken. There were offshoots along
the path leading to hiking trails, and lights from a dozen houses
peeking through the pine forest. A few sections of the path were lined
with a white picket fence.

I started around 4pm and figured all twelve laps would be done by
midnight. It might take me a little longer than expected, but if I
finished early I could pop by the corner pub for a drink on my way home.
I could use the warmth; Minnesota winters can be brutal.

​

The first lap went without a hitch. I was listening to a podcast and
just enjoying the scenery. These old towns have that certain something
that not many places have; that feeling of people having really lived
there. Not just been there, but lived there. Names carved into trees, a
broken bicycle thrown into the woods, a hand-made sign with a bible
quote about snakes and paradise. You could tell there were a lot of
memories in these trails

The second lap I ate a sandwich. Not that exciting. Had to throw away
the pickles, they’d gone black seemingly overnight. Not that appetizing.

By the third lap, I stopped to stretch near a clearing in the forest. I
could imagine the place to be beautiful in the summer. There was a
lavender farm north of there, and you could probably smell it all the
way here.

​

By the fourth lap, I was ready to call it quits. I’d been walking for
two hours, and I was starting to ask myself what the hell I was doing.
It was then that I noticed I’d gotten a text, just minutes earlier, from
John.

“You sure about this?” it read.

It was a hard question to answer. I didn’t know if I was sure or not. I
didn’t know what to expect, but I knew I wanted to do it. I didn’t
respond, but I somehow got the feeling that he already knew my answer.

​

I got into the zone. I just kept walking as the sky turned darker and
darker. Lap four, five, six, they all just passed me by. After a while
the podcast was finished, and I didn’t even notice. I just kept walking.
The sound of fireworks grew stronger, and I met some early celebrators
walking the same trail as me. Some of them waved, others just hurried
off to wherever they were going. No one else was doing the Yearwalk, it
seemed.

But I was feeling strange. Maybe I was just tired, or dizzy, but it felt
like I’d been walking for ages. My feet were doing it automatically,
like I’d forgotten how to stop. It was an out-of-body experience, and I
felt myself drifting off into a thoughtless wander.

The night grew darker, briefly illuminated by exploding lights. Little
snaps lighting up the sky, as if to pull me out of my trance. To wake me
up.

Maybe that’s what they’re really there for.

​

As I started the final lap, I could feel my feet growing heavy. I was
cold, exhausted, and hungry; more so than usual. This was taking a
heavier toll than I’d anticipated, and I’m not that out of shape. Still,
I couldn’t stop now. One more lap and I was done.

But everything looked different in the dark. The shadows grew longer,
and all the little quirks along the path seemed more threatening. It
felt like a warning of things to come. The fireworks would cast long
shadows, making it look like shapes moving through the trees. I’d hear
cracks in the frozen lake, as if something underneath was probing for a
weakness. I heard laughter in the woods. There was a foul stench coming
from a house. Black footsteps leading into an open field, shards of a
broken mirror scattered across the path, and at the very end of the
line; a dried blue sunflower, hanging from a broken streetlight.

Had I just not seen any of it, or had it been there all along?

What the hell kind of town was this?

​

I took that final step, closing the circle. Twelve laps. A complete
Yearwalk. I resigned my faith and surrendered to whatever powers may be,
for a promise of a wish fulfilled.

I felt like an idiot. A superstitious idiot.

I wasn’t going to the corner pub. No way. I was going home to shower and
sleep for 12 hours straight.

​

I stumbled up three flights of stairs (no elevator), and barely made it
through the door. I dropped my jacket on the floor, locked the front
door, and collapsed on the toilet. It took me at least twenty minutes to
build up the strength to get undressed.

I had never been that tired. My body ached, and I felt at least 60
pounds heavier.

I finally managed to get in the shower. One of those combined
bathtub/shower combos. Nothing fancy, but I’d enjoyed a few evenings
there. But that night I just wanted to get clean and collapse on my bed.

The water was cold and smelled strange. I just stood there with my eyes
closed, half-asleep. I didn’t care enough to step out of the cold, I
just wanted to get it over with. I opened my eyes and looked up, only to
see the water turn black.

And in that moment, the lights went out.

​

I thought I’d gotten something in my eye, but no matter how hard I
rinsed the room stayed dark. There was an awful rumbling sound coming
from the pipes, as the water turned into a thick sludge. It had this
powerful chemical stench, like a mix of acetone and raw rubber.

I stepped out of the shower, trying to find my towel in the dark. I
could feel specks of dirt on my skin, and a thin layer sticking to my
skin as I wiped myself dry. I’d have to shower again once the lights
came back on. I tried to find my phone to turn on the flashlight, but
I’d left it in the hallway.

I fumbled for the door handle, put my hand on it, and stopped.

​

There was a shuffling noise in the other room.

​

I stopped. Despite being so tired I could barely move my legs, I felt
ready to run. Like something primal in me put a cold hand around my
spine, urging me to pay attention. There was something in the other
room, and it was a threat.

“Little wheat,” a voice came through the door. “Have you come for the
harvest?”

The voice pierced the door and curled into my ear, making me twinge with
unease. If I could get the door open, I’d be able to reach my phone and
call for help. But something in me wanted to just hold my breath and
disappear.

“Have you grown tired of dance and drink, little wheat? Have you grown
tall and nurturing?”

“Please, just… just leave. I don’t want to call the police.”

“Leave?” it laughed.

The shuffling noise grew louder, as something shot through the room. In
the blink of an eye, I felt the door buckle as something heavy pressed
against it.

“You asked me to come, little wheat. Why would I leave?”

​

I didn’t even notice I was doing it. I was backing into the corner,
holding up my hands, repeating ’no no no’ to myself like a mantra. It
was as if something inside of me had snapped and taken control, and I
was just listening from the sidelines. Whatever was on the other side of
that door was here to do something awful to me.

“Little wheat, your purpose is clear. Whether you feed my children now
or later is irrelevant. Your perception is flawed.”

I didn’t know what to say. I had to do something. I scrambled into the
bathtub and turned the shower back on, hoping it couldn’t hear me over
the rushing water.

Sadly, all I got was that thick sludge. Foul-smelling viscous chunks
dripping on my cold shoulder.

“I am coming in.”

The door buckled and shattered into pieces.

​

I screamed. Like a balloon, I let all the air out of my lungs, and just
screamed. Something huge slithered across the floor, barely squeezing
into the bathroom, struggling against the doorframe. The voice came from
the ceiling, as the head struggled to fit. The shower curtains were torn
down, and something cold and scaly slithered up my leg.

“There you are.”

​

An impossibly muscular appendage wrapped around my chest and pulled me
up against the cold ceramic tiles. I bumped my head against the ceiling.
It squeezed my chest, pressing the last screams out of me. Even in the
dark of the bathroom, I felt the world grow darker. The voice came
closer.

“You are fulfilling your purpose. You-“

It stopped.

​

A rough tongue, longer than my forearm, pressed against my face. I could
feel my skin straining to stay on, as little cuts formed on my forehead
and scalp. A moment later, it dropped me like a bag of hammers.

I came down hard, landing on my tailbone and bending my left wrist at a
bad angle. Tired, hurt, and cold, with this thing looming over me.

There was a short pause, as it pondered what to do. Maybe it just liked
to hear me suffer.

​

“You’re rotten,” it hissed. “Bad wheat. What sort of soil have you grown
in?”

I heard something whip back and forth. A crackle as ceramic tiles
shattered, the bathroom mirror breaking, and the bathroom sink falling
to pieces.

“Disgusting!” it shrieked. “Disgusting, disgusting wheat*!*”

​

The lights came back on. And for a split second, I saw it.

An enormous, slithering creature. Like a transparent snake, full to the
brim with twisted bodies and broken skulls. A cranium resembling six
faces smooshed into a single head, like a parody of theatrical masks.
Shimmering, razor-sharp scales, a stroke of which might cut me into
pieces. Countless little appendages, elongated arms, sticking
unceremoniously out of bald spots on its’ skin.

It lunged, wanting to devour me whole, but it stopped itself. A warm
breath touched my face, as it realized I was inedible. It knew this, and
yet it had a want. A need.

Looking into two of its’ eyes, I saw only hatred. A hatred, and a
promise of terrible things to come.

​

Then it was just gone, with the blink of an eye.

Leaving me broken and crying in the bathtub.

​

I was lying there in a pool of black goo. The entire bathroom smelled
like a chemical plant. There was another rumble in the pipes, as the
sludge was washed away with warm, refreshing water.

I just looked at the mess. The door, the mirror, the sink… half the
apartment was in disarray. The thing had just appeared out of nowhere,
and disappeared just as fast. Maybe the sludge had protected me, in a
way, but it felt like I’d just changed one awful thing for another. I
was choking on the gut-wrenching smell.

It wasn’t long after midnight that I found myself leaning out of my
kitchen window, gasping for air, as the fireworks exploded overhead.

Happy New Year.

​

A few days passed before I met John Digman at the corner pub again. He’d
ordered me a nacho plate and a beer, not even pretending to get
something for himself.

I sat down, wincing as my left wrist moved a bit too much.

“You look like shit,” John smiled. “What happened?”

“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”

“I’m not so sure about that.”

“I just… I dunno,” I said. ”I think I’m fucked. I’m just… I’m done.”

“You met something, didn’t you?”

​

I just looked at him. He peered out from under his sunglasses, as his
eyes gave off a red sheen. There were little details about him that I
hadn’t seen. His hair, for instance, it wasn’t just white; it had
streaks of literal silver. Little cables?

“You made it further than your dad ever did,” he said. “But you got a
long way to go if you’re gonna make it to next year.”
