I don’t really expect many people to believe me. Even here this is a bit
much. But I need help. I can’t go out of this station without those bugs
attacking.
Let me start from the beginning. Sorry. My name is Jamie Tyler and this
all started because I took a road trip after graduation.
Tiara and Ally were supposed to come with me and this was supposed to be
a fun trip to enjoy our freedom and adulthood before shit gets serious
again in college. But Ally canceled to hang out with John her boyfriend
and Tiara got stuck having to babysit her baby brother.
I’ll admit I was mad at Ally. But now I’m torn between I wish they were
here and Thank God they canceled.
I live in a small town near a popular beach. I’m not comfortable giving
my address but that’s not important. I’m not home anymore. I’ll never
make it back. After going over and over on if I should even still make
this trip I decided to do it.
What the hell right? What could possibly go wrong with a freshly
graduated 18 year old girl crossing the country for a road trip by
herself? Just one thing honestly.
I had been on my trip for a week and 2 days crossing the Nevada state
line when bugs started falling from above. Little white critters with
tiny red horns these bugs are so small like the size of a stud earring
but when the first one hit my windshield it cracked and they kept
falling by the time I managed to swerve off the road and into the small
gas station my windshield was completely shattered and those bugs
started to come into my car.
They made this terrible shrieking noise that they didn’t make until they
were inside the car. I managed to keep all the things off of me but the
sound pierced my ears. I can still hear them now.
I slung open my door and ran as fast as I could into the station. The
place was fully lit up tvs on. The registers ready to be operated. Even
old(ish) hotdogs rolling on those things they have at the popular gas
stations but not a single person. I called out over and over before I
began my own search. I looked through this building too to bottom and
could not find a single soul. There’s cars and a truck outside I can see
through the back windows that must belong to employees so where are
they?
I hear the bugs hitting the roof. And I know if they were able to
shatter my windshield so easily it won’t be long before they make it
inside. I pull out my phone and immediately try to call the police. The
line simply beeps.
I scream in frustration just as I hear a shriek loud and right beside my
ear. I scream again as the bug bites me or stings me I don’t know. All I
know is the pain from that bite is still present. I’ve been in here for
3 days. I have no service and I’m lucky to have found a charger. I’ve
seen some shit.
These aren’t regular bugs and I’m going to die here. Alone and
surrounded by these alien creatures.
On day 2 I saw a woman speeding past in a white van a frantic look on
her face. I tried so hard to flag her down from the window but she
didn’t slow down even a bit. Seconds later I hear the van swerve and
crash.
The sound shaking the building a bit. I rushed to side window to see if
I could help her or if she could help me but through her shattered
windows all I saw was those bugs.
Not even her body. I need help. Someone. The bite on my shoulder is
getting worse and I think I can surmise where the rest of the people
went around here and what happened to that lady.
It’s getting harder to type as my shoulder begins to deflate? As if
shoulders can do that. But mine is. And from the puncture wound I see
little red horns.
I don’t know what to do. I can’t move my arm and I feel them inside of
me. I feel their shrieking in my bones.
Today is day 3 and I don’t think I’ll last too much longer. My entire
left sir on my body is completely deflated and lays limply attached to
the rest of my body. The pain is indescribable.
They are taking over my body. I think they are eating me from the
inside. Please i’m not sure what part of Nevada I’m in hell I don’t even
know the name of this gas station but if you see little white bugs with
tiny red horns reach out a hand and let them land on you they are the
cutest little guys.
