It’s a strange thing, speeding around an oval in a metal cage…”A death
trap”, if you ask my Momma.  God rest her soul.

You pray on angels at every starting line, then you dance with the devil
on every turn and, if you’re lucky, cross the finish line into an
ecstasy that words can’t fathom.

To say I’m chasing that feeling feels lacking.  There is also youth,
hubris, glory…but after all these years, shit, I’m not sure I know
anymore.

What I can tell you with absolute certainty is that if you race long
enough, that reaper will find you on the track.  

I’ve seen more deaths than I can count.  Sometimes there is logic to
it.  A man comes in too hot on a hairpin, then hits the wall.  Maybe
they run rough and nip somebody’s fender and start flipping, or maybe
they’re on the wrong end of some blowhard’s dirty drivin’…BUT more often
than not, it’s just their time.

How I’ve escaped Her this long, I do not know.  I’ve had three wives
leave me because they swore I was searching for Her…and maybe I am, but
I never thought I’d meet Her like this…

…

“Order up, you turkeys! If anyone pinches my hind again, I swear, I’m
gonna take ya out back and cut ya down to two.”

Marcy has always had a way to verbalize.  She’s been the waitress at
Pop’s diner for most of the four decades I’ve been racing on Saturday
nights at Langley Speedway and our flirtation is as much a part of my
race routine as anything.  

She swerved like a racer through that room of testosterone, dropping
meals in front of gaudy men, the types I’ve lost taste for in my later
years, before finally placing my plate of sunny-side up eggs, bacon,
home fries and toast down in front of me and gave me a kiss on the
cheek. 

“Thank you, girl.” I said with a blush as she grabbed a bottle of
ketchup from another table and laid it on mine.

“We gotta get ya fed right, sugar. Get ya ready to take that trophy
tonight”, which I think she knew would make me laugh.

“Mmmhmm, yes ma’am.  With a little hope and abandon.  It’s been a
while.”

JUST THEN…

I reached for the ketchup and clumsily knocked it off the table.  It
shattered on the ground, sending glass and sauce everywhere.

I was so busy bending over and apologizing, it took me a moment to
realize my voice was the only sound in the room.  

When I looked up…everyone was frozen, stone-like.  My eyes darted around
at people in the middle of a bite of food or telling a story…

…and then rain fell on me.  

I looked up and it was Marcy.  Tears poured from her eyes as she
breathed heavily, staring straight ahead.

I grabbed her hand.  “Marcy…Marcy, what’s happening, girl?  Are you…”

WHEN…

…she smiled and looked down at me with an absolute sweetness.

“I’m gonna take you tonight…lap 53…”

My heart sank.  All these years people have asked me if I felt fear when
I drove.  I’d reply, “I think so, but you just push it aside.”  I can
tell you now, that was not real fear.

“Lap 53…”, I breathed.

“On lap 53 you will lose your luck with Lucifer.  I will guide you…”

I began to breath heavily, a thousand questions raced through my
mind…all that came out was…

“Thank you…”

AND SUDDENLY…

Everyone came back to life.  The diner buzzed, people picked up their
conversation where they left it, they continued chewing that same bite
of food…

…and Marcy, without even acknowledging the river of tears on her face,
looked down at the ketchup and scoffed…

“Oh my goodness…Don’t worry hunny, a man with slippery hands is a
woman’s delight, I’ll tell you that much…”

She quickly scurried off to grab some towels.

I left in a daze as one could imagine.  A notion continued to run
through me…

“What if I didn’t go?…What if I didn’t race tonight?”

Finally, I figured, I quit liquor.  I quit my families.  I never had a
job of substance.  My only conviction in this long life has been
racing. 

What is a man if he don’t walk one damn line?

….

In the summer it’s hot and muggy in South-Eastern Virginia and that
track is close enough to a marsh that the mosquitoes bite something
fierce…and you combine all that with the exhaust from those modified
stock cars and it is an odor that I swear to you should be bottled and
sold. 

My Lord did I savor every breath of it as me and that starting line
fired up the engines.  A hundred laps ahead for them…

I qualified twelfth out of fifteen, which given the results of late, I
counted that as a win.

We took a warmup lap and then that green flag dropped, and buddy, I shit
you not, I was a young man behind that wheel again.

My senses were sharp; I sped and weaved and danced like a lark;  I knew
I had 53 laps to race like a shark.

I moved to ninth by lap fifteen.

I moved to fifth by lap thirty-one.

By lap forty-two, I was in second. 

Little Jake Caster drove the car ahead of me.  Would you know it, I
raced his Daddy back in the day.  A nice man to me…but that ain’t here
or there on the track.

I played like I would go high and little Jake bit hard and I took him
low…

There it was…daylight.

Not a soul in front of me.  I drove with only specs in my rearview
mirror for ten glorious laps.

As I shifted into fifth gear, coming out of turn three on that
fifty-second lap, my hand froze on the stick shift before taking it to
sixth.  Frozen in fear.

I was scared to die.

“Just pull-over.  Maybe she won’t take you…”, raced through this old
man’s mind, through my heart.  

THEN…

I felt a hand rest on top of mine.

I looked over and there, sitting next to me…was ME.  The young man who
set forth this path.

He smiled at me and nodded.

I felt that rush once more.  I nodded back.

And we dropped that hammer.
