My sister Lily was an iPad kid—the very definition of one. She stayed up
late until my parents confiscated it, which led to a thirty-minute
tantrum. Still, since I grew up chronically online myself, I knew not to
pick on her too badly.

Then it got strange: she started talking to herself in her room. One
time, as I walked past her door, I heard her voice speaking. I checked
on her and asked who she was talking to, and she said nobody while coyly
hiding her glowing tablet beneath the covers.

I brushed it off. At that time, I kind of already knew what she was up
to; I already hopped on voice chats before I was even of age to use any
platform, but I just wasn’t sure if my hunch was right. Looking back at
it now, she was better off talking to herself than what she was actually
doing the whole time.

One Sunday afternoon, my mother’s booming voice from out of the hall got
closer and closer as she talked the ear out of the family portraits off
the wall. “Lily, I am not telling you again! Give me the tablet!”

“No! I have to finish! He’s waiting!” Lily shrieked

“You don’t know this person; they could be a grown man for all you
know!”

“Mom, Caleb is just my friend, he goes to school at St. Katherine’s;
he’s not a man!” I heard the two just right outside my door, “We have to
finish the game or we’ll get cursed!”

“Enough!” Mom said, followed by a struggle and a slamming of a door.

After I cancelled out the noise from the hall with my headphones on, Mom
marched into my room, her face red with anger. A loud thud hit my desk
as I jolted back, seeing the pink-cased tablet.

“Hide this.  If I catch her on this again, so help me, I will ground you
right along with her.”

“Fine, just leave it there,” I muttered, barely looking up from my
laptop.

Once Mom left, I tossed the tablet into my closet on top of the rest of
my clothes before I left the house to hang out with a couple of friends.
I completely forgot about it, even as I got back home, cleaned up, and
went to bed.

Thud!

Waking up, I began to stir as my eyes peered awake.

Thud!

I sat up, glancing around my dark room.

Thud!

The noise was coming from my closet; I switched on my bedside lamp as
the amber light illuminated the dark edges of the room to a gentle glow.
Walking cautiously, each step felt heavier than the last, until my hands
wrapped around the handle.

I pulled the wooden door back as it creaked open.

Lily was crouched on the floor beneath my hanging clothes. She lay
against the closet wall, her back bent at an unnatural angle. In her
hands was the tablet; with its familiar screen no longer casting its
usual soft blue light, yet instead, it blared in blood crimson. The red
glare reflected on her pale skin in bloody hues.

“Lily! What are you doing?!”

She didn’t look at me. Her eyes were fixed on nothing, as I watched her
face wear a hollow expression, until I grabbed the tablet to toss it
aside on the floor.

Lily unhinged her jaw and let out a sound that struck straight into my
eardrums. It was a high-pitched, ear-splitting screech—a guttural,
frantic wail that vibrated from the walls of the closet, and out into
the rest of the house.

Heavy footsteps thundered down the hall. My bedroom door flew open, and
Mom and Dad burst in, faces pale with panic.

“What is going on!? Lily!” Mom cried.

“She was in my closet! She stole the tablet back!” I yelled over Lily’s
relentless screaming.

Dad didn’t ask questions; he scooped my sister in his arms as she kicked
and thrashed uncontrollably; her limbs rigid, with each flail, he
genuinely struggled to restrain her, which was never the case before
during her tantrums. Lily’s eyes were still completely wide and
unblinking.

“Henry, she’s hurt,” Mom said, her voice trembling as she helped pin her
arms as they dragged her out of my room and down the hall; the shrieks
slowly fading, until muffled behind her closed bedroom door.

I stepped back into my room, unable to fully process what had just
happened. I looked down at my hands to see the trembling in my fingers.
My gaze trailed from my palms and towards the red, glaring tablet on the
floor. Grabbing it from the carpet, I tapped on the screen, exiting out
of the application to close it.

Before the screen went black, I caught the name of the game that
appeared with the recent games she had been playing—The Harbinger’s
Game.

My parents didn’t let me go into her room to see how she was doing, but
they told me Lily was stable. Mom was distraught as Dad spoke on the
phone to get immediate help; I comforted her, and the whole time she
spoke, taking the blame for something she didn’t understand;

“We shouldn’t have made her so dependent on that thing; this is my
fault.” She weeped,

When the paramedics had arrived, Dad had me stay outside with Mom as we
watched Lily be dragged out of the house in a stretcher; the red and
blue lights of the ambulance caused some neighbors to leave their houses
and see what the commotion was about, followed by a shocked expression
when seeing the state of my sister being wheeled down the pavement.

I walked towards the paramedics, but Dad stopped me from getting into
the ambulance; I peered over his shoulder to see that Lily was lying
flat on her back. Her eyes were stretched wide, staring at the overhead
lights. The corneas of her eyes were webbed with red veins, as if the
vessels had burst simultaneously. But at the edge of her eyes, silent
tears pooled, rolling down into her ears, but she didn’t blink.

She hadn’t moved a single muscle.

I felt the bottom of my stomach sink deeper as Dad turned around,
noticing my distress. He placed a hand on my shoulder and guided me away
from the ambulance. “Randy, you stay with your Grandma for now, okay?
Your uncle will pick you up; he’s on his way, just pack up a few
clothes.”

I didn’t argue. I rushed back to my room to grab my bag and stuffed my
things inside. I avoided looking at Lily’s room; the open door revealed
a dark void. I felt nauseated the longer I stayed in the hall.

When the ambulance left with my Mom and Dad, I stayed at the front
porch, waiting for Uncle Wesley’s car. He drove me to Grandma’s house,
but not without questions; he kept asking about what had happened to
Lily, but I told him I was just as lost as he was, probably even my
parents, too.

I stayed in Grandma’s house after Uncle Wesley dropped me off; luckily,
she lived near the school, so I could just walk in less than ten minutes
to get there and back for school the next day. She was comforting, but
stressful to be around when worried. She kept praying in the living room
for Lily’s safety.

I stayed in Dad’s old room when I got a call on my phone;

“Dad?”

“Randy. Hey. Look, the doctors aren’t sure what’s wrong. We’re admitting
Lily to the hospital temporarily. Just for some neurological tests… at
least until she responds or blinks. Mom is staying with her.”

“Can you handle being home alone for a couple of days?”

“Yeah,” I said softly, swallowing the lump in my throat. “I’ll be fine,
Dad.”

“I know, we’ll be home soon.”

I felt a bit… empty not being home; it had been two days since the
dreaded night. Dad still called to update on how Lily was; she was in a
catatonic state, but slowly she was gaining more movement; she seemed to
have control over her eyes, glancing at Dad then at Mom as they spoke to
her, but all she could do was watch.

That gave me a bit of relief; progress was still progress, even if it
was just a step forward after all.

I spent the evening at James’s to help get my mind off things. Grandma
was okay with it, and I found myself back in his house after school. We
had a regular sleepover; played video games, and had junk food, but as I
watched him on his computer play Roblox, I was perplexed to say the
least.

His screen flashed red through the monitor as he was immersed in playing
a game, except I didn’t see a game at all, just that same blood-crimson
glare, reflecting on James’ skin. “What the hell are you doing?” I
asked,

“Don’t distract me, I can’t lose.” He replied,

“Lose what? You’re looking at a red screen.”

He didn’t speak before his body jolted, pressing rapidly against the
keys and mouse, before jumping off his seat and cheering.

“Take that, Harbinger! Fuck off!” He laughed,

When he finally averted his gaze from the screen, he turned to me.
James, probably realizing how crazy he looked from my reaction, walked
towards me after shutting off his computer.

“It’s a game, everyone is talking about it online; didn’t you see?” He
asked,

I shook my head.

“Well, they say it’s cursed, but I don’t really know. I never lost in
the game.”

“Cursed how?” I asked,

James was propped up on the bed, supporting himself by the elbow as he
looked at me in my sleeping bag. “I heard some evil demon snatches up
your soul, or you just get badly haunted forever.” He paused,

“Come to think of it, I haven’t heard of anyone’s experience in failing,
or what happens after.”

I furrowed my brows as James lay back on his bed. Long after he fell
asleep, I just lay there in the dark, staring up.

I could almost hear my sister’s cries as I looked closer at the blank
white paint, closer and closer as if my nosetip could touch the cold
ceiling, as I breathed against the solid drywall. I feel it, I feel her
within my skin, in my ear as she yelled out a piercing cry. I felt her
within the bones of my chest, squeezing against my lungs as I felt
trapped, moving against nothing but the wood on my back and the ceiling
on my face—I couldn’t breathe.

In a jolt, I sat up heaving, my chest felt constricted as my sight
blurred in brimming tears. Through the unshed tears, I got back onto my
feet as I collected my things to shove into my backpack, until I found
myself by James’ bedroom window; he already sat up as I was about to
leave.

“Where are you going?” He asked,

“Home.”

James’ house wasn’t too far from where I lived—twenty minutes of a walk,
but it wasn’t too long, and even if it was, I still would’ve. Nothing
was going to stop me from going back.

Although the house was locked, I got in through my window. I never
locked my window, even if Mom and Dad always warned about intruders.

The house felt too big, too empty. Restless, I walked from my room and
down the hall to Lily’s room. The same crippling feeling crept back up
again, yet it didn’t stop me anymore. The door was ajar, and inside, the
room was a mess; the exact mess my parents had left it; sheets were
tangled on the floor, stuffed animals were overturned, her table lamp
was on the carpet, still plugged.

I stepped inside to straighten up her bed, fixing it like I used to for
her crib. Re-aligning her stuffed animals and her favorite plush doll,
but upon reaching down to pick up her favorite pillow.

My breath hitched.

In the center of the white pillowcase was a dark, dried, rust-colored
stain. It wasn’t a random smudge. It was a halo of dried blood, from
nowhere else but Lily’s head.

I felt like I was about to puke. I dropped the pillow, stumbled backward
out of the room, and slammed the door shut. I locked myself in my own
bedroom, pressing my back against the door with a defeated sob; the
suffocating quiet of the house pounded in my ears.

After calming down, I walked up to my bed, still feeling the subtle
hammering inside my ribs, and sat on the edge. There, resting on my
nightstand, was Lily’s tablet. I reached out and pulled it into my lap.
My fingers were grazing across the butterfly stickers on the cover, the
pictures of cartoon kittens on clouds.

All I could think about was how she was just a girl, a little girl. With
a voice no one could hear anymore. Her thoughts and unspoken words were
trapped inside the recesses of her mind—confused, scared, and alone.

I opened the tablet to be met with the soft default hues of its’ blue
light. My fingers hovered over the screen, tapping through, until I
opened the app, where I could see, still within her recent games, The
Harbinger’s Obby.

I pressed play.

The screen immediately went pitch black, before bleeding into a deep,
violent crimson, familiar but no longer empty as I once had seen it to
be.

Heavy, black block letters materialized in the center of the screen:

DO YOU WANT TO PLAY?

[YES] / [NO]

My finger hovered over the glass. And without a single doubt, I pressed;

[YES].

The screen flashed, and Lily’s avatar appeared at the starting line of a
massive obstacle course. The skybox was a void of endless red, and
beneath the floating platforms was a sea of blood-red fog, where the
bottom meets no end.

I didn’t waste time. My thumb dragged through the digital joystick and
ran. I jumped over spinning neon hurdles. I timed my leaps perfectly
across floating, shifting spheres, and I didn’t look back.

I didn’t stop.

Every time Lily’s avatar successfully cleared a gap, I felt a desperate
surge of hope.

I can do this. I’m going to save her.

I reached the final stretch. It was a corridor of floating, spinning
hoops. I just had to guide her avatar through the center without
touching the spiked edges.

Suddenly, the frame rate dropped. The tablet began to lag violently.

“No, no, no,” I muttered, my thumbs sweating against the glass.

The air in my bedroom grew instantly thick, as my peripheral vision had
gone pitch black. The temperature plummeted, as the walls felt like they
were closing in, squeezing the oxygen out of the room. A terrible,
familiar sound began to bleed from the tablet’s speakers—it was Lily’s
high-pitched, agonizing scream from three nights, looping over and over
again in a robotic cry.

Lag—the avatar froze mid-air.

“Move, damn it!” I yelled, tears stinging my eyes.

The game jumped forward three frames as the avatar drifted through the
first hoop, before gliding through the second. I adjusted the joystick,
trying to time the final leap despite the stuttering screen.

Finally, the avatar passed through the last hoop, its foot almost
clipping the edge of the frame. The screen flashed a blinding deep blue,
as a single text box popped up:

GAME OVER.

I let out a sigh of relief as I fell back onto the bed with a toothy
grin. I watched Lily’s avatar stand at the finish line, face towards me,
jumping on its own before waving goodbye.

The game closed, and I was back on the homepage. The tablet fell to my
side as I stared up at the ceiling once more, with the fading grin, I
smiled. I felt the triumph pulse through my veins, taking me back to how
James practically jumped off his seat in excitement.

I woke up to my alarm, before checking the phone inside my pocket, I
groaned, feeling my bones settle in as I sat up to stretch. I gave my
phone a quick swipe, checking the notifications, only to see Dad had
texted.

“We’re coming home.” His message read as I played the video of Lily
sitting up on the bed, having her breakfast on a tray. I laughed;
hearing her complain about the bland hospital food, her voice felt
comforting for once, but I swore then I’d never complain about her
whining again.

I closed my phone, seeing dawn peek through the window’s blinds. The
light of the rising sun touched the tablet sitting on my bed, reflecting
against the stickers.

I thought from then on everything would be okay again, that it would all
be back to normal, and it felt euphoric at that time, but the ringing in
my ear was still there, and so was the urge. My hand held the tablet to
feel its edges, as my fingers grazed across the screen—I had to do it
again.

I had to play;

The Harbinger’s Game
