I found this old photo booth last week. It was tucked away in the back
of a dusty antique shop downtown. I love stuff like that. You know,
things with character. This booth looked like it was from the 70s all
faded red vinyl and chrome trim. A real gem. I had to buy it. The shop
owner practically gave it to me for a song. He just wanted it gone he
said. Too much space. He also mentioned it had been acting weird lately
but I figured it was just old.

I got it home and it surprisingly still worked. I mean you had to wiggle
the coin slot a bit but after a few tries it clicked. I sat inside. The
velvet curtain was surprisingly plush. It smelled faintly of old perfume
and something metallic. I dropped a quarter in and posed for four quick
snaps. Flash flash flash flash. The machine whirred and groaned then
spit out a strip of four black and white photos.

They were blurry. I looked at the first one. It was me grinning. The
second one me mid-laugh. The third one me making a goofy face. The
fourth one was just my forehead because I moved too fast. Pretty
standard stuff. I pinned it to my fridge.

Then things got weird.

Two days later on Friday I decided to take another round of photos. I
was having a particularly good hair day. I sat in the booth dropped a
quarter and smiled. Flash flash flash flash. The machine whirred. It
spit out the strip.

The first picture was me smiling looking pretty good. The second one I
was laughing. The third one I was making a goofy face. But the fourth
picture. That one was different. It showed me standing next to a broken
lamp. My favorite lamp. It was shattered on the floor. I remembered
thinking how odd it was. I just got that lamp a few months ago.

That night after work I came home. And you guessed it. I tripped over my
rug. My favorite lamp went crashing to the floor. Shattered into a
million pieces. Just like in the picture. My heart hammered in my chest.
I stared at the photo strip on the fridge. It was an exact match.

I tried to tell myself it was a coincidence. A fluke. Just a weird
premonition. But I felt a cold dread creeping up my spine.

I avoided the photo booth for a few days. The incident with the lamp
freaked me out. But curiosity is a powerful thing. And a tiny part of me
was excited. What else could it show me?

On Tuesday of this week I couldn’t resist. I sat in the booth again. I
dropped a quarter in. I tried to think of something happy. Flash flash
flash flash. The whirring sound seemed louder this time. More insistent.
The strip came out.

The first three pictures were normal. Me smiling me making a duck face
me pretending to sneeze. The fourth picture. It was me standing in front
of my car. The front bumper was completely smashed in. It looked like a
total write-off. My stomach dropped. I just got that car last year. It
was brand new.

I tried to be extra careful driving to work that day. I drove under the
speed limit. I left huge gaps between me and other cars. I parked at the
very back of the lot. I walked everywhere with my head on a swivel. I
thought I was safe.

On my way home a deer darted out in front of me. I swerved. I hit a
tree. The front of my car. Totally smashed in. Just like in the picture.
I was shaking as I called for a tow. My insurance premium is going to be
through the roof.

I’m sitting here now looking at that photo booth. It just sits in my
living room dark and silent. But I can feel it. Calling to me. Taunting
me. What future will it show me next? And more importantly can I stop
it? Or am I just a puppet dancing to its photographic predictions?

I know I should get rid of it. Throw it out. Burn it. But something is
holding me back. A morbid fascination. A terrifying need to know. What
happens next? Is it always bad? Can I change it if I know what’s coming?

I’m thinking about going back in there tonight. Maybe if I focus really
hard I can make it show me something good. Like winning the lottery. Or
meeting a long lost relative who leaves me a fortune. But the dread is
still there. Gnawing at me. What if it shows me something truly awful?
Something I can’t escape? What if the next picture is the last picture?

I just hope whatever it shows me next isn’t too bad. I really can’t
afford another car accident this month.
