There’s no way to start off my story without it seeming like the
delusions of a traumatized child. It doesn’t help the matter that the
incident the title refers to happened during my freshman year in 2009.
It was also at that time that I met my first love Brandon. I know what
you’re thinking: A child doesn’t know what love is, but I assure you
that I was very much in love with Brandon.

Even now, as an adult, I still have never felt such deep love again. Our
classroom was adorned with snowflake decorations and a plastic snowman
with our names on it sat on each of our desks. I was elbows deep in the
latest Christmas themed craft, the sleeves of my smock pulled up in
concentration as I pressed my paint covered fingers onto a poorly made
crayon drawing of a Christmas tree to create “ornaments”, when
Mrs. Volk’s shrill voice rudely interrupted my artistic passion.

She clapped her hands together to get our attention. “One, two, three!
All eyes on me!” she chanted enthusiastically. We all looked up, many of
us were annoyed by the interruption. “We have a new friend joining us!
Everyone give a warm hello to Brandon!”. By her side was a rather
scrawny-looking kid with messy shoulder length brown hair and green
eyes. He was wearing an ugly wool Christmas sweater with a golden
retriever on the front.

“Hi Brandon!” our voices rang out in unison before we turned our
attention back to our crafts and nibbling on Christmas cookies that
Mrs. Volk laid out on a brown paper towel along with a juice box for
each of us. There was an empty spot at my table, so Brandon sat there.
At first, I didn’t pay much attention to Brandon. After all, he was just
another new student and he was a boy. I was very much still under the
impression that boys had cooties.

I guarded my cookies and juice. He looked skinny and hungry, and I
didn’t want to share. Luckily, Mrs. Volk gave him his own cookies and
juice but mine were still better than his. I had two gingerbread men and
he only had one. I stuck my tongue out at him and said, “Dogs like you
get scraps.” Those words will haunt me forever now given Brandon’s fate.

I was immediately was dragged by my ear into the corner by a teaching
assistant who overheard and my recess privileges for the day were taken
away. I deserve it of course but back then all I could think of how it
was Brandon’s fault.

I spent my recess inside the classroom watching from the window as that
slimeball Brandon and my classmates made snow angels, snowmen, and even
went down the giant hill outside the school on sleds. I was envious, my
small hands clenched into fists and tears streamed down my face as I
witnessed all the fun I was missing.

My imagination ran wild as I thought of all the ways I could get back at
Brandon. I thought of tying his shoelaces together or forcing him to eat
glue. I did nothing and I forgot all about my evil plans by the next
day.

The next day, I didn’t go to school because it is officially winter
break and I was elated because Christmas was in a few days and I was
away from that grubby looking Brandon. Or so I thought. But guess who
was suddenly living right next to me? That’s right, it was that mustard
stain, Brandon. I avoided him when I played outside, preferring the
solitude to his presence.

Our parents tried to get us to play together, even arranging a play date
but I just glared at Brandon over my hot cocoa. “I don’t play with
mutts” I said as coldly as a seven-year-old could and Brandon left my
house in tears. I wasn’t let back outside that day. I don’t know why I
hated Brandon so much, I wanted to say it was because he was weird or
different but honestly, I had no justifiable reason. Sometimes kids are
just cruel.

Despite my apparent hatred for Brandon, he was both my closest companion
and my worst enemy. I simply referred to him as Mutt. He learned to
accept it and didn’t cry as much around me. “Hey mutt, do you believe in
ghosts?” I asked one day on the playground as we sat hidden in one of
the many twisting tunnels, shoving my elbow into his side, making him
wince.

“I don’t think so…that stuff is just scary stories.” I huffed at his
answer. “Of course you’d say that. You’re such a boring Mutt.” He
flicked me off, his tiny middle finger sticking up, a hint of his
rebellious nature shining through his timidness. “And you’re a brat.”

I laughed hysterically and flicked him off with both fingers in
retaliation, sticking my tongue out goofily. “Ahahahahhahahaha, bad
mutt! To the doghouse with you!’ I scolded him through laughter. He
laughed too and shoved me backwards in the play tunnel, my back hitting
the plastic. “At least I’m not a puny baby who believes in ghosts”. Play
wrestling quickly broke out between us, making the tunnel shake as our
laughter rang out.

.Mrs. Volk found us and got one of the PE teachers to drag us out,
howling with laughter and kicking our legs. “ He started it!” I chanted.
“No, she started it!” Brandon retorted. “It doesn’t matter who started
it! I’m calling both of your parents!” shouted Mrs. Volk. We shut up
after that because as a child, a teacher calling your parents was a fate
worse than death.

In the summer of 5th grade, something changed between me and Brandon. He
became someone I truly valued as more than just a punching bag who
occasionally made me laugh. Perhaps that was my first mistake. It all
started when I went out on a sunny day to get my bike from the garage,
humming the SpongeBob theme song to myself.

My humming was cut off by a shriek of terror. Hanging from the rafters
of the garage was my mother. She looked like she was there overnight.
Her neck snapped to side and the skin was already peeling away. Her face
and body were bloated and unrecognizable. I knew it was her because on
her wrist was the bracelet I had made for her that Christmas.

I grabbed onto her, wrapping my arms around her bloated waist and shook
her, not wanting to believe she was dead. “Mommy…get down from there
please…I’m scared!” I shook and squeezed her too hard. Her body fell,
knocking me down with its weight. I hit the concrete floor of the
garage. Her body was on top of me. Maggots crawled out of the peeling
flesh of her neck and writhed towards me. Flies came out of her mouth,
buzzing around my ears as if mocking me.

Gasses and liquids are forced out of her body from the impact, covering
my small body from head to toe. I was being crushed by my mom’s corpse,
and I was helpless to stop it .Despite all of this, I held on to her.
“Mommy…mommy…please… stop it…” I begged through my tears and agonized
sobs.

My dad heard my cries as he pulled in the driveway after working a night
shift. I thought I heard him puke before he kicked what was left of my
mother off me and pulled me into the tightest embrace I ever felt. His
tears stung like acid as they fell on my head, mixing in with the fluids
of death.

Paramedics and ambulances showed in swarms. My cries pierced the air as
the paramedics zipped what they could of my mother into a black body
bag. “Stop it…! She’s claustrophobic…!”. My pleas went unheard as I was
ripped away from my dad, kicking and screaming as I was rushed to the
local hospital.

My mother was cremated for obvious reasons, and I was given a small
stuffed golden retriever dog containing a small urn with my mom’s ashes
inside. It did little to console me. She left no note or any explanation
as to why she left us. She was just gone. I could still feel the maggots
no matter how many times I scrubbed my skin until it blistered and bled.
It felt like they were in my stomach, eating their way through muscle
and fat. The funeral service was open to the public since my mother was
a pillar of the community and known for her incredible kindness.

The pews of the church were filled with friends and family. I felt the
maggots in my chest that day, chewing away at my heartstrings and
liquifying them like they had done to my mother. I could even hear the
death flies buzzing in my ears. I sat at the front of the church with my
father; stuffed golden retriever clutched to my chest as I cried.

My father didn’t cry. I was angry back then, but I know that if he had
cried, he too would have melted. The priest’s words were hollow in my
ears, barely audible over the angry hiss of flies and the wet squirming
of maggots making their way up my throat but one sound did make it
through the hellish soundscape: A small almost infantile sob broke
through the permeating stench of my despair.

It came from behind me, so I looked over my shoulder. Brandon was there
with his mother and he was crying. It was an unusual sight, most of the
other kids attending my mother’s funeral looked bored and some had even
fallen asleep. Others were out in the church’s garden playing. But
Brandon was here, tears and snot running down his reddened face as if it
were his mother that was dead. These weren’t his usual crocodile tears
over losing a game of Candyland or scraping his knee. These were of
genuine sorrow.

After the funeral, I approached him with just one question. “Why did you
cry?”. My voice was hoarse from days of sobbing and screaming. He
sniffled and took a minute to answer. “I just feel so sad for your mom.”
His green eyes looked into mine; kind, sincere and grieving. It was a
stark contrast to the playful, teasing looks we usually gave to each
other. My breath caught in my throat. I’ve heard all sorts of sympathies
in the week that my mom died mostly in the form of “I’m sorry for your
loss. It must be so hard to lose a mother at your age”. But no one had
ever expressed grief for the one who suffered the most, my mother.

Fresh tears streamed down my face and Brandon’s slender arms wrapped
around me. He didn’t say anything or tell me that it’d be okay. We just
hugged each other as we cried until his mom pried us apart. That’s the
moment that I fell in love with Brandon. An overwhelming love that
threatened to make my small heart implode. I loved him even more than my
own father.

I considered Brandon my best friend now and we became closer than ever
before. He slowly healed me in a way that no therapist could. He was no
longer just “mutt”. He was my best friend, my savior and my soulmate. He
was the one person who could quiet the death flies and turn the maggots
to ash. Don’t get me wrong, I still teased him and called him mutt, but
it was different now.Affectionate. Loving. He was my mutt.

We spent every day together, bicycling through my small town without a
care in the world or helmets for that matter. We threw eggs at cars,
played “ding dong ditch, and committed other acts of teenage rebellion.
Brandon would cuss out anyone who complained.”Shut up, you prune eyed
witch!’ he shouted at an elderly woman once after we threw cat poop at
her. We would terrorize the neighborhood until the sun disappeared into
the crust of the earth. We did this no matter what, rain or shine. We
felt like we ruled the world and we clung to that feeling because it was
all we had.

Years went by and I confessed my love to Brandon at the start of 7th
grade. We were both 13. We were sitting under a birch tree in my
backyard when I turned to look at him. He was no longer scrawny but
healthy. His once pale skin was now a soft honey color that complemented
his bright green eyes and his unruly brown hair grew fuller and darker,
tied back into a loose ponytail.

“I love you, you know.” I say quietly, a hint of a blush on my cheeks.
He looked at me with a goofy smile, all gum and teeth. “Yeah, I
know…took you long enough to say it.” I pouted a little, my blush
deepening. “Well, do you love me too or not,Mutt?” my voice trembled in
fear of rejection, and I felt tears well up as he started to laugh and I
stood up, ready to walk away when he grabbed my wrist. “That’s a silly
question. Of course I love you,Brat.”

Tears streamed down my cheeks, and I threw myself in his arms. “You
jerk…”. He chuckled and apologized. My tears slowed and I laid my head
on his chest. “Never leave me, Okay?” I pleaded with a shaky voice; my
hands tangled in his shirt. “I promise”. We sealed the promise with a
short kiss beneath the birch tree, and he slid a dandelion in my hair. I
slid my chewed-up pencil in his. We both laughed so hard that we cried.

Brandon would break his promise in the middle of 9th grade but I never
blamed him for it. I blame myself for getting too comfortable, for
feeling too safe in a world filled with cruelty where unfathomable
horrors and grotesque beasts waited beneath the earth’s crust with
insatiable appetites, feeding on happiness and leaving smoke clouds of
despair in their wake.

Parents will warn you of all sorts of dangers, ranging from strangers
offering candy down to always wearing a helmet when you ride a bike or a
life jacket when you swim. But they’ll also tell you that monsters
aren’t real and that you are brave. They are lying to you. Monsters are
very real and being brave in the face of such an entity is a fool’s
errand.

Of course, Brandon and I, like many stubborn teenagers, had swollen
heads and we believed we were stronger than any danger that existed. And
so, when we heard mysterious howling from the woods around midnight one
September night, we strapped on our boots and treaded through wet grass
and mud. “I bet it’s a werewolf like in that old goosebumps episode my
dad always watches!” joked Brandon.

I rolled my eyes and nudged him with my elbow playfully. “You dorky
mutt, it’s probably just a cat stuck in a bear trap or at worst a
coyote.” Oh, how wrong I was. We walked hand in hand for around twenty
minutes until we reached the sound.

We stood in a clearing, a full moon visible above. The howling was
piercing our ears now, but we saw nothing. “What the hell…where is it
coming from?” we asked in unison. Our heads turned in all directions,
searching for the howling. Suddenly, we felt the ground shake beneath
our feet and we looked down.

The wooded earth beneath us was splitting open, worms and other bugs
crawling to the surface and by God help me I swear I saw a maggot before
Brandon pulled me away from the clearing as a massive crater formed, a
thick sludge filling the area…black like oil. We hid inside a rose bush,
thorns pricking our skin but neither of us dared to move or scream.

We watched, frozen in place, both amazed and horrified as the black
sludge shifted and congealed. It swirled in a sickening vortex, smelling
like death itself, reminiscent of my mother’s liquifying corpse. I clung
to Brandon and he clung to me. The sludge formed a giant egg like
structure, gelatinous and writhing like pitch black jello. The ground
sewed itself back together.

Foolishly, we summoned the courage to emerge from the bush and walk over
to the viscous cocoon, our shirts pulled over our noses. “What do you
think it is?” I asked Brandon with a tremor in my voice. “I think it’s
an alien.” I didn’t argue with Brandon this time. An alien seemed like
the safest option in my mind. “Maybe it will be a nice alien like E.T” I
claimed with a hopeful voice.

Brandon grinned nervously and I picked up a stick. “Only one way to find
out.” My eyes widened in disbelief and I grabbed his arm. “Brandon,
don’t! It could be dangerous!”. He ignored my warning and jabbed the
thing with the pointy end of the stick. It erupted instantly,
splattering us head to toe in the mucilaginous slime.

First, we heard a wet grumble followed by the grinding of teeth tearing
through roots in the ground. An awful stench of rotting flesh filled our
lungs, making our eyes water. We cried out in terror, not because of the
fluid that burned our skin or the ominous sounds echoing from the earth
but rather because out of the dark puddle that had formed, a giant dog
head floated five feet off the ground.

Now, this is where I may have deceived you but in truth, the entities
did not take the form of wolves at the beginning of what I now refer to
as “The Wolf Head Epidemic”. Instead, what floated before us was the
misshapen head of a golden retriever, leeches and insects crawling out
of every orifice with sickening squelches as they wiggled their way
through the dog’s partially liquefied skull.

Its eyes were a sickly yellow and its jaw jutting out to the side,
twisted in a permanent snarl and oh god…its teeth were like razors,
covered in a sickening layer of mold. Its tongue was yellow and oozing
what I could only describe as blood and stomach acid.

The fur of this demented dog was caked in the black sludge it emerged
from. I heard a rattling from my backpack, my mother’s urn, still inside
the stuffed golden retriever I received after she died, seemed to be
trying to break free. The ominous floating dog head whimpered at us, and
it spoke in deep, wet voice reminiscent of an old man without his
dentures. “Feed me please, my children.”

We ran like hell, our legs burning and kicking up mud as we pushed
ourselves forward, our hands slick with sweat. I could feel the thing
floating behind us “Feed me, my children” it repeated like a broken
record, its’s voice becoming increasingly distorted with each plea. We
were halfway to the forest opening when I felt Brandon’s hand slip from
mine. A branch. He tripped on a damn branch.

I whirled around to grab him, but the dog head beat me to it. Brandon
was lifted from the ground in a black cloud of smoke, hovering above the
dog. “Let him go…bad boy!” I hit the dog repeatedly with the branch, but
it bounced off him each time. “No.” It spoke in the same elderly voice.
“I asked you kindly for nourishment and you refused me so now I shall
take this boy”.

The dog’s head floated away slowly with Brandon but despite that I could
not catch it no matter how fast I ran. “ Don’t take him please! He’s all
I have!”. I screeched at the top of my lungs, my lungs burning but my
pleas were ignored as the earth cracked back open and I heard Brandon
shout “I love you, but you need to leave now! Run!” I tried to reach
him, but Brandon used his last bit of strength to push me backwards
before I could be sucked into the earth too. His final act of rebellion
and love.

There was a sickening wet squelch before the ground spit up the
chewed-up pencil that I gave him years ago before closing completely,
leaving an eerie silence behind. Brandon was gone and the maggots were
back, making their way out of my throat but this time they were covered
in a viscous black sludge. I collapsed to the ground, clutching the
pencil to my chest as I lost consciousness.

End of part one
