Growing up, I was the tagalong for my best friend Carol. Everyone wanted
to be like her, and for one reason or another, she enjoyed my company.
If it hadn’t been for her, I’d never be invited to anything. I was a
mousey and insecure little girl that couldn’t ignore my imperfections,
and being around someone as confident as Carol helped. Even so, I was
self-conscious about everything. It didn’t help that I had an older
sister that was eager to point out my shortcomings. But this story isn’t
about my upbringing per se; it just provides context. I want to tell you
a story that started at a sleepover when I was 10 years old.

Carol had been invited to a classmate’s birthday party, and she brought
me along. It was gonna be a long October night full of fun and games. I
was a bit anxious, but as long as Carol was around, I’d be fine. There
were ten of us in total. There was cake and party games in the
afternoon, and later in the evening we ended up listening to music,
watching a movie, and gossiping. Later we settled down for some truth or
dare. I only got picked once, and I don’t even remember what they asked
me. Something about my hair?

Finally, we played a new game. One I hadn’t heard of before.

 

So, what you do is get into a closet. In there, there’s an old cassette
player with a tape. The cassette player has a setting for playing at a
lower speed (about half-speed). You press the buttons, listen to the
slow spooky tape, and come back out. When you hear a name, you’re
supposed to stop the tape and step out of the closet. That’s it. That’s
all they tell you, and that’s part of the game. If you know too much,
you kinda ruin it. If you want to play it for yourself, this is where
you’d stop reading.

The game is all about perception. The tape plays an old voice, and when
slowed down, it gets really hard to hear what they’re saying. When you
get back out, the others ask what name you heard. The game is that
whatever you hear is, to quote, “the name of the prettiest boy in the
world”. And because everyone is different, the result is different from
person to person. It’s about who you find to be the prettiest boy in
your world. Hence the name, that they only tell you after you’ve played
– The Pretty Boy Game.

The first one out, for example, heard the tape say the name ‘Michael’.
That was very interesting, seeing how we had a Michael in our class, but
he had a crush on Jane who wasn’t invited to the party. The second girl
heard the name ‘Lucas’. There was a Lucas in the class above us, but he
wasn’t seen as conventionally attractive. Third one out heard the name
‘Samantha’. That caused an uproar, to say the least. I think Carol heard
the name ‘Michael’ too, but she wasn’t that clear about it.

 

Then it was my turn. I was the last one out, and the others were already
kind of moving on to the next thing. I stepped into the closet and lit
up the old cassette player with a flashlight. I could hear the others
giggling outside. I didn’t know the game was about boys; I just knew
that I had to play the tape at low speed and listen for a name. So I
pressed the button, and waited.

But something went wrong. The tape warbled and complained, expelling
this sickening machine noise. I think the tape was about to snap as I
heard the motors struggling and tensing. I didn’t know what to do; I
just stood there. For all I knew, this could be part of it. I let the
tape roll, listening to the plastic straining.

“What are you doing?!”

The birthday girl rushed into the closet, stopping the cassette player.
Apparently, I’d done it wrong. I didn’t know how, but somehow, I did.
She pushed me out of the way, grabbed the player, and turned it off. She
untangled the tape and officially called the game over.

I was mortified. Carol tried to keep my mood up by patting me on the
shoulder and asking me the question the others got at the end of the
game.

“What name did you hear?”

“I don’t know,” I said. “It was just noise. I think I broke it…”

“So it didn’t say anything? Not a name, not a place, not a-“

The birthday girl inserted herself into the conversation with a
plastered half-smile.

“She heard nothing, and now the game is over.”

While the others stayed up late talking about their results, I didn’t
have much to contribute. They talked about the names, linking them to
everything from celebrity crushes to boys in school. The girl who heard
‘Samantha’ was awfully quiet, being bullied relentlessly. The others
insisted she liked girls now and should get her hair cut short so she
could be a boy. It was brutal. All from hearing a girl’s name on an old
cassette.

Meanwhile, I lay awake looking up at the ceiling. I thought about the
noise I’d heard. Maybe there was a name hidden in there. Somewhere
inside the warble and garble of a tortured tape, there might have been a
truth I’d missed. Everyone else got to hear the name of the prettiest
boy in their world. I got nothing but machine garbage.

 

But that night came to pass, and soon enough I was back in school. I’d
celebrate more birthdays, make new friends, and watch as old
embarrassments made way for new ones. And while my teenage years felt
like the most important thing in the world, those years would come to
pass. Carol and I grew distant in high school but kept in touch through
Facebook. We still saw each other during holidays and birthdays, but we
didn’t hang out like we used to. That’s just how it goes.

After high school, I went to college. I had a couple of short
relationships, but nothing serious. I never got attached. I could find
people interesting, or pretty, or romantic, but not to the point where I
was in love with them. There was never anything of substance; it’s like
the people I got involved with were shallow and self-centered. Or maybe
I was.

I didn’t mind that much; I was busy with my career. Being a woman in the
STEM fields used to be a bit less welcoming back then. A lot of folks
making assumptions on my behalf.

 

I was really into telecommunication and fiber optics back then. It was
my primary field of study, and I wanted to work on the next big thing.
Not just cellphones or apps, but satellites. Real stuff. Tangible stuff.
I kept getting stuck in obscure rabbit holes, learning everything from
aerodynamics to 70’s-style Soviet spyware. I was curious, and you have
to indulge your curiosities. If you don’t, you might miss the next big
thing.

When I finished my master’s degree, I got a job with network R&D for a
large telecom firm. It was entry-level stuff, but more than enough for
me to support myself. I’d barely had a job at all; I’d kind of gone
straight from high school, to college, to this. I’d looked for summer
jobs and part-time stuff every now and then, but nothing had panned out.
I went from never working a day in my life to suddenly having 10-hour
sprint sessions and intense deadlines.

But before you know it, anything can become the new normal. In the blink
of an eye, I was 29 years old, living on my own and co-leading a second
R&D team. I was single, seemingly unable to find someone interesting
enough to keep my attention. Maybe that old tape was right – there was
no name for me. I didn’t mind, but you have to appreciate that it’s a
bit prophetic.

 

Something changed in the spring of ’25. I was working on a high-speed
company alternative for mobile units, and we were having mixed results.
It was a lot of technical specs, but it all boiled down to late nights
waiting for a timer to run down. I’d worked with the same team for about
two years by then, so we knew each other pretty well.

One of those nights, the guys decided they were gonna play Doom. Not
just any Doom, but the one from the original floppy disks. They’d found
a bunch of old floppy readers in storage and decided to go full retro.
It didn’t take them long to get it up and running; we were looking at a
full team of network specialists. They could get it running on a
microwave if need be. In fact, I think one of them did, at one point.

As I sat there watching our test environment chugging along, something
tickled my brain. I couldn’t say exactly what it was, but there was
something in the room that made me look up. I didn’t even realize I was
doing it. Looking a little closer, there was something about the
motorized sound from the floppy disk reader that sounded familiar.

That was the first time I thought about the Pretty Boy Game in over 20
years. It was this noise that had buried itself so deep into my mind
that I’d completely forgotten about it. Something about the groan of the
floppy disk readers snapped my thoughts back to that one moment when I
was a little girl, standing in a closet, listening to a dying tape. Now
I was on the edge of my late 20’s, feeling the same thing.

 

I didn’t think about it at first, but the noise came back to me again
and again as the team fired up their game. The sound kept pulling me
back to that moment. I didn’t like who I’d been back then, but I’d grown
a lot since. Memory doesn’t work that way though. For a brief moment I
turned from a confident co-lead to a chubby-faced little girl who tagged
along with her popular friend to a sleepover.

Once we finished our tests, everyone headed home. Some of the others
went for an afterwork outing, going to play shuffleboard. Usually, I’d
come too. But just this once, I was feeling self-conscious. Like I
wasn’t really invited. It’s hard to explain, but the feeling kept
creeping back, asking me to second-guess my convictions.

As the others filtered out one by one, I was left alone in a dark lab,
watching the idle screens hum. I walked up to one of the floppy readers
and turned it on, listening to it whirr back to life. I wasn’t imagining
it. There was something there. Something familiar.

 

I hadn’t been in touch with a lot of my childhood friends (and
frienemies) in decades, but that night, I looked them up. The birthday
girl from all those years ago was married to a guy named Michael. They
had three kids and lived somewhere near Oakland. She was a bit hard to
find, given how she had a new last name.

The girl who heard ‘Lucas’ was dating an Italian guy, but I noticed she
had a lot of likes from another guy named Lucas. Pretty much every
selfie she posted, and in every update, there he was in the comments. I
think he was some kind of ex-boyfriend which she seemed to get along
with. I’m sure there was some drama there.

The girl who’d heard ‘Samantha’ was the hardest to find. She’d moved,
changed her name, and lived her life as an openly bisexual woman. She
looked happy; posting pictures of herself surrounded by friends who
eagerly accepted her as she was. I admit, I was a bit jealous.

 

Then there was Carol. She was married to a guy named Nate, who worked
with horses. I lingered on her page a little longer than I thought I
would, reading updates from a couple of years back. We were still in
touch online, but we hadn’t really talked for years. I’d seen the
occasional update, but I hadn’t really looked into it. In short: she was
married and had two kids. A boy and a girl, and the boy was named
Michael.

I guess the idea of someone being their “prettiest boy” didn’t
necessarily have to be romantic. Not too much of a stretch to imagine a
mother thinking her son is the prettiest thing in the world. Then again,
it was a stupid game we’d played as children, best not to put too much
meaning into it. And yet I couldn’t help but notice how pretty much
everyone at the slumber party had some kind of connection to what heard
that night. All except for me. Well, apart from my sudden fixation with
a floppy disk reader.

I decided to experiment a little. I tried plugging in a couple of
different readers and a CD player. They all had a sound element of
something that tickled the back of my mind. Some noise that immediately
brought me back in time. I could almost feel the weight of the
flashlight in my hands, as if I was still standing in that closet,
looking at the tape player going round and round.

Before I knew it, it was six in the morning. I’d been up all night. I
was looking at an amalgamation of cables and power supplies,
interconnected and harmonizing. A floppy disk reader with a high pitch.
A CD player with a whirr. An old hard drive chugging along. Their sounds
were creeping a little closer to that noise I’d heard years ago. And at
the time, I couldn’t say why this was so interesting. But that’s just
the thing – it was interesting. It was the most interesting thing I’d
done in years.

 

Over the next few days, I brought home some leftover equipment to my
apartment. I couldn’t neglect my work, but I couldn’t quite let go of
the feeling of finding something that genuinely interested me either.
It’s like I had a guiding light inside me, and the noises I created
pointed one way or the other. I had to chase that feeling, if only to
see if I could replicate that sound more accurately. There was a rumble
to it that I couldn’t quite explain. It wasn’t just a sound; it was a
vibration. A resonance.

While my colleagues worked on the research project, I kept drifting off
into my own little world. I was mostly overseeing and evaluating end
results anyway, so I had plenty of time to go through the archives and
storage units. It wasn’t just about finding old tech, it was about
making it sound the way I wanted it to. I had to try out various
voltages and power supplies, and different disks and CDs to read. There
were a hundred variables that determined the noise it produced, and I
had to map it out in a way that made it sound the way I wanted it to.

It felt like building a house of cards. A little tweak could make the
whole thing sound a little better. Another tweak could make it collapse.
I had to be precise, so I kept a notebook with all the settings. After
work, I’d bring a couple more items back home and hook it back up to my
home setup, away from prying eyes.

 

After about a week, my living room looked very different. I’d brought
home some older screens, as their electrical hum resonated in the right
way. I’d hooked up an older CPU and started working on a boot sequence
that allowed the attachments to start and run in a way that made them
hum. I was soldering new components to old circuit boards, trying to get
them running more smoothly.

There was this one night when I wanted to run it all one last time
before heading to bed. It was close to 1am, and I’d been living on
microwaved curry and ice water. As the screens lit up and the machines
began to hum, the sound was so close to something familiar that I
couldn’t think straight. The lights dimmed around me, centering my
vision. The noise crawled into my head and settled in my spine like a
lukewarm sauce.

For a moment, I felt like that 10-year-old girl again, standing in the
closet. But this time, the tape wasn’t spitting out garbage. It was
speaking to me. Telling me things. And if I listened a little closer, I
could almost hear something beautiful.

All of a sudden, my alarm clock went off. The morning sun was peeking in
through a crack in the blinds. I’d been standing in the middle of the
living room, listening, for close to four and a half hours.

 

I think my team noticed I was a bit off. I fell asleep during my lunch
break, and I kept zoning out whenever someone called my name. This one
guy, Benny, had to snap his fingers in front of my eyes to get me to
answer a zoom call. I tried to stay focused, but my mind drifted back to
my home project. That droning machine.

I lasted until 2pm, then I took a sick day. My first one ever. I got
home and headed straight to bed. As my head hit the pillow, my eyes
drifted to the screens in my living room. I could still see them glow,
and even when I closed my eyes, I could hear them. I ended up lying
there, sleepless, begging for my eyes to stay closed. They wouldn’t.

I abandoned the idea of sleep and got up. I walked into my living room,
grabbed a handful of cables, and stopped. I could pull them out and
leave this whole thing in the dark. I could do that. But I could also do
the opposite. I could follow the rabbit down the hole and see where it
took me. If I’d still been that 10-year-old girl, I would have pulled
the plug and walked away. But that wasn’t me anymore. I acted.

I don’t know how long I stayed up working on that thing. I added more
screens and a couple of speakers. I noticed certain tones would sound
different depending on cable length, making me replace every single
power cable. The room was running so hot that sweat would sting my eyes.
I had one of those old tennis visors in storage that I dug out; that
helped a little.

I’d listen to the machine sing for hours. The better the sound tuning
was, the longer I’d listen. It was so beautiful. It wasn’t like
listening to a song or a story. The experience was more like having your
soul massaged. Like something inside of me finally felt right. I’d never
been sure about my career, or my romantic life, or my ambitions, or
anything really. But this one thing was easy. When I listened, I felt
sure about myself.

I can only imagine what I looked like, sitting on the floor for days at
a time, tinkering with converters and cooling fans. Cutting up cables
and jury-rigging extension cords. At one point I forgot I was running a
live current through a radio and almost electrocuted myself. But I was
getting close. So. Close.

 

I kept going. I remember there being a Thursday, and I was sitting on
the floor surrounded by machines. Screens on screens, stacked on an old
server tower. My beautiful house of cards. Everything was connected in
just the right way. There was a custom boot sequence, and I’d
double-checked the relevant firmware. I was looking at a black console
window, waiting for me to press the Enter key. I pressed it and leaned
back.

The Pretty Boy Game wasn’t wrong.

What I experienced was the most beautiful thing in the world. The
correct sound, frequency, and vibration. I felt warm and light, like I
was being lifted into the air.

One by one, the screens adjusted. They turned white, revealing a distant
black silhouette on the other side of the light. From where I was
sitting, I couldn’t make sense of it. It wasn’t like looking at a flat
image, it was like seeing through interconnected digital windows.

The sound wasn’t perfect. Not yet. I could only see the outline of
something, but not the actual appearance. There was something there –
something brought on by the combination of sounds. The sound itself was
only a byproduct; I was constructing the conditions for something to
exist. Something beautiful. Much like Carol had made her son, the most
beautiful boy in her world, I was creating something similar.

I crawled up to the surface of the screen and put my hand to it. A
massive hand responded on the other side, its middle finger as long as
my entire forearm. The speakers hummed to life, scraping to accommodate
a force that was never meant to pass through those cables. I could feel
the heat rising as the power surged, and a voice fell out of my pile of
electronics. A voice of contracting rubber bands, struggling motors, and
outdated audio drivers.

“C r e a t e   m e”

The hand remained. There was this benevolence to it. I felt like, if I
could make something this majestic, I could do anything. I felt
powerful.

“Yes,” I whispered. “Yes, anything.”

And for the first time in my life, I was in love.

 

I took out all my vacation days. I needed one more component, but I
didn’t know what it might be. There was something missing, and I was
scouring everything from second-hand electronics to junkyards to find
it. Every night, I’d turn the power back on and let the Pretty Boy out.
Sometimes he’d just stand there. Other times, he’d say something.
Something to keep me going.

After three days of searching, I realized that the part I was missing
was something specific. It might be the very tape I’d heard back when I
was 10 – that had to be it. It made sense to me. The sensation I was
creating now was something far more advanced than something that could
be played on an old tape, but there was something missing in my
combination of noise. I had to fix it. I had to make the Pretty Boy
complete.

I reached out to Carol. I was hoping she had an idea of what tape we’d
used for the game. I tried to play it cool, asking some casual questions
about how she was doing, and what life was like, but I really didn’t
care. I just wanted that one piece of information. Carol was thrilled to
hear from me, and was eager to get back in touch.

“I’m in town for a couple of days,” she wrote. “Maybe we could meet up
for a coffee?”

I reluctantly agreed. If that meant I could get the last piece of the
puzzle, I’d do anything.

 

I met Carol downtown at a café. She arrived in an old car with her
windows rolled down, blasting classic rock without a care in the world.
Despite being noticeably older than last I saw her, there was no way to
mistake her for anyone other than Carol. She was exactly the same in all
the ways that counted. She flung her arms around me with a squeal,
barraging me with questions and compliments.

We stopped to get some pastries and a coffee, sitting down at a corner
booth. Somewhere amidst her retelling of her children’s accomplishments,
we slipped into reminiscing about our childhood.

“Did you name your son Michael after what you heard in the game?” I
asked. “In the Pretty Boy Game?”

She thought about that for a second, then snapped her finger.

“Right! The thing we played at the sleepover! I mean, yes, he’s the
prettiest boy, obviously. But it’s also the name of Nate’s dad, and we
wanted to honor that.”

“So it wasn’t just the game?”

“It was just a stupid sleepover game; we played a ton of those. I’m
surprised you still think about it.”

I didn’t say anything, I just sipped my coffee. But Carol wasn’t looking
away. She frowned a little, examining me a little closer.

“You’ve thought a lot about it, haven’t you?”

 

I tried to steer away from the subject for a bit, while still touching
on the point of the tape we used for the game. Carol wasn’t having it;
she could see right through me. After poking the issue a couple of
times, she got up and dragged me to her car.

“You were always like this as a kid,” she said. “You could get this one
idea, and you wouldn’t let go.”

“That’s not true.”

“Oh yeah? How long did you think you had a crooked nose, just because
Emily said so?”

“I did have a crooked nose.”

“She just said it because she knew you’d obsess over it.”

She had me on that one. Exactly one person had told me I had a crooked
nose, and I’d been self-conscious about it for months. As I fell silent,
Carol rolled her eyes and made me sit in her car. It was old enough to
have a cassette player. It was a classic car, so it wasn’t that
surprising. She ejected a ZZ top tape and brought out a random unmarked
one from the glove box.

“You know, I was the one who suggested the Pretty Boy Game.”

“It was?”

“Yeah, I saw the tape player. You can make games out of anything,
really.”

“So you got the tape? You have it?”

“Look, there’s no specific tape. You just pick one. Anyone. It’s a
game!”

She put in a tape and pressed down two buttons at once, making the tape
play at a slower speed. The voices groaned as the notes dragged on.

“Listen close,” she continued. “You hear any names this time?”

I didn’t. I just heard the whirr of the machine working the tape, and
the hum of electronics. I shook my head, and Carol turned up the volume.

“This is part of the game, you know. You could listen to as many tapes
as you want. We never got to do that because you almost broke the
player, but the point is that you go around and around and around until
you get bored.”

“So you can change who’s your Pretty Boy?”

“You can do whatever!” she groaned. “It’s a game!”

“Then why can’t I stop thinking about it?!”

The moment I said it, I regretted it. Carol turned down the volume and
looked me in the eye, her frown easing. A sad smile crept over her face
as she leaned in for a half hug, leaving her hand to rest on my
shoulder. I hadn’t even noticed I was teary-eyed.

“Maybe there’s something to it,” she explained. “Maybe we kinda hear
what we want to hear. Maybe we … notice something in ourselves. Like an
ink blot thing.”

“Maybe, yeah.”

The tape kept playing. There was a singer, and as he held a long note, a
sound came through. I could hear it clear as day. It sounded like a
name.

“He said Jeremy,” I chuckled. “I just heard it. He said Jeremy.”

“I’m still hearing Michael.”

She ejected the tape and handed it to me.

“I don’t think it’s the same one we played with, but I don’t think it
matters.”

 

When I got home, I stood in the hallway for a couple of minutes, just
looking at the tape she’d given me. It wasn’t the same tape, but she’d
had a point. There was no magic game that showed the trajectory of my
life, it was just a noise that happened to coincide with something that
was already in me. That didn’t mean what I was experiencing wasn’t real,
but it told me that I’d been so hell-bent on finding an explanation that
I’d skipped the possibility that maybe I was just obsessive over finding
something to give my life meaning. Hell, what if I’d really heard
‘Jeremy’ all those years ago and chose to ignore it?

I put the tape in a cassette player, carefully stepping over the many
cables. I started up the machine and listened. It didn’t sound right
anymore. If anything, it was more convoluted than ever. I wasn’t getting
that warm feeling of closing in on the correct combination, I was just
hearing a lot of noise and buzz. I removed the tape, tried again, and
got the same result. Either Carol ruined it, or maybe there was never
anything there to begin with.

I tried to switch a couple of cables, run a diagnostic, and change a
couple of parameters, but that just made it worse. In a fit of despair,
I started dismantling the whole thing piece by piece, hoping to find
some kind of starting point to build it back up. I never got to that
point, and after a couple of hours, I was looking at the final remaining
piece. I’d taken the whole thing apart.

The last piece was just a floppy disk reader. I picked it up, looked it
over, and stopped. My heart skipped a beat. The previous owner had
marked it with a sharpie. There, on the bottom of the reader, was a
little name written on a strip of plastic next to a blue sunflower
stamp.

‘Jeremy’

 

I freaked out. What did this mean? Did it mean anything? What were the
odds of the last piece of machinery having that name on there? It’s what
I’d heard when I listened to that tape in Carol’s car, I could’ve sworn
it. Was it random happenstance, or was there a point to it? Had I read
that line before and subconsciously forgot about it?

I was tearing my hair out, trying to figure it out. On the one hand, I
wanted to throw the floppy disk reader into the trash. On the other, I
couldn’t get over the feeling that I was given a clear direction.
Looking at my pile of nonsensical contraptions, the question lingered;
was I okay with throwing away something potentially wonderful to focus
on the mundane?

No, I wasn’t okay with that.

I put it all back. All of it. Every cable, every setting, every
adjustment. I read my notebook like it was the bible. I didn’t sleep for
two days straight. I was hallucinating, thinking the walls swelled like
a tidal wave. I bathed myself in noise and screeches, letting tapes and
CDs whirr and cough. And after countless hours, I felt that spark again.
I heard it. I felt it, I really did. I was doing it for real this time.
I was creating him. I was making him real.

 

I think I’d been up for 53 hours at one point. I was staring at a
keyboard. I don’t remember pressing Enter, but the boot sequence was
running. The screens were already lit up, but I couldn’t remember
starting them. I turned my face up and got bombarded by static noise and
struggling CRTs. The speakers were holding on for dear life, having way
too much current running through them. I was sweating like a bulldog,
breathing in hot microplastics. A surge of power crackled, making the
lights flicker.

“F a c e   m e”

I nearly cried. I’d found my way back. I’d emulated him, just like I was
supposed to. I’d faced my greatest test in Carol, and I’d won. My reward
was right around the corner. The Prettiest Boy in the world.

“I’m here,” I whispered, my voice breaking. “Where are you?”

I placed my hand on the screen, waiting for him to follow. This time,
I’d see him for real; not just a silhouette. I was going to see the real
Pretty Boy. The prettiest of all.

 

You have to put yourself in my shoes to understand this. I was barely
conscious. If you’d asked me, I wouldn’t know my own name. I was so
focused on this one particular thing that I couldn’t relate to anything
else. I was blushing like a giggling schoolgirl, and there was this rush
of dopamine running through me. I’d finally finished it, and I’d gotten
it to work just like I wanted to. Now I was finally going to see him. I
was going to be rewarded for my struggles, and for all the insecurities
leading up to that point.

So, when his hand touched the other side of the screen, I lost my
breath. But not for the reason I wanted to.

His fingers weren’t human.

They had too many segments, and there was hair all over. Long sharp
straws, like the back of a tarantula. Each finger ended in a claw-like
protrusion, bending in and around itself to the point where it looked
like they might accidentally cut themselves.

I shook my head as my eyes drifted up its arm. A dark hairy arm with
strange muscles protruding with balloon-like growths, growing and
shrinking as an electronic wheeze forced its way through my speakers.

“C o m e   t o   m e”

I couldn’t move. I sat there staring at it like a deer in headlights.
And there, piercing the static blips on the screen, was the face of the
thing I’d been destroying myself to find. An amalgamation of my own
making, pressing against the cheap glass of the screens.

My first instinct was to close my eyes and scream. I pressed my hands
against my face so hard that I could see red. I don’t know why I was
screaming. It wasn’t just fear, but a way to block out the noise. The
noise I’d created.

“B e l o v e d”

I heard the screens topple over as something heavy thumped against the
carpet. Power cables were snapping and popping as I stumbled forward,
trying to remember the layout of my apartment with a sleep-deprived
mind. I made my way to the hallway, and I heard something else walking
not too far behind. Something that took long steps, and had more than
two legs. I couldn’t look at it. It was real.

“M o t h e r”

Something brushed against my back. It felt like being stroked by
fiberglass; the hairs pierced my clothes and barbs burrowed into my
flesh. As I pulled away, part of my neck skin was torn off, leaving me
with a dozen little bleeding dots.

I fell into my bathroom and slammed the door shut. I locked it, turned
off the lights, and finally dared to open my eyes. I never wanted to see
that thing again. Even now, writing it, I can’t bring myself to imagine
its features.

“C o m e   o u t,” it groaned. “C o m e   o u t   n o w”

I didn’t respond. It scratched the door like an angry cat, and I could
hear the paint peeling.

“N o w   n o w   n o w”

More scratching. A thump. It heaved its body weight, making the door
hinges whine and strain. I had to do something. Anything.

“N o o o o o w”

 

I turned the lights back on. I turned my bathtub on. I picked up my
hairdryer, cracked the plastic open, and checked for a voltage safety
override. I had to stop the noise. As a crack appeared in the door, I
saw this one single green eye with a Y-like slit going from left to
right. The eye was the size of my fist. It glistened and vibrated.

I can’t say how I know, but I saw something in there. A kind of hatred
I’d never seen before.

I dumped the hairdryer in the bathtub and stepped back. There was a
fizzle and pop, causing a short circuit. Without the safety feature, the
power to my apartment popped a fuse. The droning machine noise from the
other room disappeared, leaving me in complete darkness.

And all of a sudden, my hallway was empty.

 

I slept in that bathroom better than I’ve ever slept in my entire life.
When I finally emerged, about 18 hours later, I realized how bad a state
my apartment was in. There were these glass-like spikes covering large
parts of the carpet, and the bathroom door looked like it’d been run
through a blender. There were scratches all along the walls, tearing up
the wallpaper. Even then, I could smell burnt plastic. It’s nothing
short of a miracle that I didn’t start a fire.

Coming back to work the following week, I was having trouble explaining
my absence. I just called it a family emergency. I was a bit worried
when the guys brought out floppy readers to play Doom again, but the
noise was gone. Well, the noise itself wasn’t. I guess its magic was. I
joined in and played during lunch hour.

I dismantled my machine for the final time, throwing it all away. There
were no second thoughts this time. Nothing to hold me back. It had to
go, and I had no reason to indulge in my obsession further.

 

I’m not sure if there’s a moral to this story. I think sometimes things
grab a hold of us, and they don’t let go. Even with the best of
intentions, what it really boils down to is what we decide to face. I
couldn’t look away from the siren call of the Pretty Boy. I just
couldn’t. But when I finally looked all the way, and saw him for what he
truly was, well… yeah.

Sometimes we have to indulge if we want to truly let go. We have to know
what we’re saying no to. Otherwise, we’re leaving an open window for
doubt.

We’re left standing in the dark, wondering if we heard a name, or not.
