​

I was set up to watch some movies on a summer Texas evening, if you’ve
read at all about what’s going on around here it has been very hot. I
had read about the blackouts, but you kind of never think it’s going to
happen to you. And, well, it happened to me. It was about 10 pm and all
the lights were off, the air-conditioner was off, and my plans for a
restful evening of movie watching had to be put on hold. God damn it.

I got a beer from the fridge, knowing it would only be cold for so much
longer, and cracked it open. I sighed and took a drink as my eyes
adjusted to the dark. I walked over to grab some candles and a
flashlight. As I was lighting the candles, I saw a figure walk by my
window. A man about six feet tall, just striding past my window. Odd.

​

At first, I didn’t pay much attention, people walk around the
neighborhood all the time, it wasn’t THAT late in the evening, and it
wasn’t totally out of the question for someone to be out. Then he shined
a flashlight through my window. the light swept the room around me
revealing my living room and my kitchen to this strange man. Okay, that
was weird, but again, I tried to ignore it. At this point, though I
could feel a sense of dread creeping up my neck, something wasn’t right
with this situation.

​

As a measure of caution, I went around to each door of my house and made
sure it was locked, then I checked the windows, and made sure they were
locked too. I was locking the latch on the last window, and then I saw
his face, he was a man in his late thirties, with a graying scruff, and
steely eyes. He started pounding at the window, and I screamed, leaped
back, and ran into my living room. I had to call the police.

​

I got to my phone while this strange man was still banging furiously at
my window. BANG. BANG. BANG. The dial tone took forever. Oh come the
fuck on, pick up, please pick up. I don’t know if it was the heat or my
fear, but I was sweating profusely.

​

“Hello, nine one one, what’s your emergency?”

​

“There’s this man outside my house, he’s banging on my windows, and
shining a light through my window!”

​

“We’ll be there in about twenty minutes, lock all your doors, and then
stay where you are”

​

Fuck, 20 minutes, that’s what I got for trying to live in a quiet
neighborhood I guess. So, I sat there gripping my beer, waiting as I was
told, and the flashlight shined through the window. Then I heard the man
screaming and banging on the window, his face contorted, staring at me.
What the fuck was wrong with this guy? BANG! BANG! BANG! again, and that
light. I didn’t know what to do, I didn’t think it would be any use
running to another end of the house, he would just be there, my house
wasn’t very big anyway. So, I lived through it, through his banging, and
screaming, and his horrible, horrible face. I’ll admit, I started to
cry, tears rolling down my cheeks, mucous gathering around my nostrils,
how much longer did I have before he just broke into my house? How long
did it take for someone to murder a person, surely not any longer than
the time it would take for the police to get here. Maybe he would be
gone by then, and he’d be on the run to torment some new victim.
terrifying, simply terrifying.

​

I noticed he was screaming something, I couldn’t make it out, I didn’t
think it mattered anyway, I didn’t want to know what disgusting things
this creep was yelling at me. Probably telling me about how he’s going
to tear apart my flesh, or how my ass would taste after he put it in his
giant deep fryer. I don’t know, I don’t know what crazy people try to
do. I’m a normal god damn person.

​

BANG.

​

BANG.

​

BANG.

​

Fuck, I hated this guy.

​

I saw the sirens, finally. Thank God. The man was still banging on my
window when they arrested him, and I went to answer the door.

​

“Holy fuck!” the police officer screamed, pushed me aside, and started
shooting into my house in one fluid movement. I was crumpled on the
floor, confused while the police officer stared into my living room. I
turned around and I understood everything. There was a terrible
creature, about eight feet wide, with long spindly legs, at least thirty
eyes, and horrible, sharp fangs, lying there, twitching on my floor.
That man who had scared me so was banging on my windows, and flashing
his light to keep that creature away from me.

​

I’m lucky to be alive, and I’m thinking about moving to a new
neighborhood, and maybe a new state.
