I never imagined I’d be working in a hospital due to my profound fear of
visits as a patient. But after years of appointments and healing I
wanted to give back , help people who are struggling through the same
hurdles I did for many years. Due to the size of the hospital there
wasn’t that many roles of my skill available but I applied for a care
assistant role on the male surgical ward ‘Elm ward’. Elm ward was one of
the last remaining areas of the hospital still utilising the
decommissioned army barracks used as infirmaries during world war two at
the rear side of the hospital but had plans to move into the new unit In
a couple of months. Little did I know at the time I would never get to
work in the new unit , or work in that place much before it closed. I
cannot explain what happened nor do I expect to be believed , I just
need to be heard and acknowledged.

I arrived for my first shift around 7:30 pm , drenched and shivering
feeling my teeth chatter reverberating through my skull. The hospital is
a little over a 10 minute walk from my house so I could do little more
than stick on a raincoat and brave the elements which evidently had
little to no effect. Due to Elm ward having its own external entrance I
didn’t have to drag myself through the clinical lights and slippy floors
of the main hospital. Instead I arrived at a long corridor consisting of
nothing more than Timber and metal woven glass pebble-dashed with
posters promoting anything from visiting hours to hygiene posters all
faded . Behind the corridor looming behind were three long buildings ,
wooden clad and falling apart leaking a sickly yellow glow through each
of its windows. To the left of the front door was a small metal box with
a speaker , 3 buttons and faded labels. I didn’t know which to press so
made a guess and held down the top one. The speaker buzzed and spat out
a crackle so I could only hope it was on , I leant closer and began
speaking.

“Hello there , it’s Theo , the new care assistant for Elm ward ? I’m
expecting to meet the Sister Stanley ?”

The intercom cracked and went silent. I hesitated for a moment thinking
it was broken but a voice came through the other side thick as tar but
rough as gravel.

“Hiya love , wrong button this is Pine ward , hold down the bottom one ,
ya gotta jiggle it a bit though as it’s rusted”

I thanked the voice and continued on to the third button repeating what
I had said to the first but this time got a different response.

“Smashing , I’ll let you through now love , give me two moments though
as a patients just been .. sick” replied a voice

I once again said thanks as the door buzzed and clicked open. As I
grabbed the cool wet handle and swung the door open to leap into a haven
from the rain a second voice sang through , fainter than sister Stanley
but still clear.

“Sooner or later they’ll know , you’ll tell them , they’ll know what
happened to us” intercom cut of completely and went silent. I Paused for
a moment , the voice seemed gruff and low but still came through clear
as day, almost sounded like a record player with the scratches in the
voice .
The rain came down with even more ferocity so I jumped into safety and
didn’t think any more of it.

The inside of the corridor seemed considerably brighter than it did from
outside. The light reflected off the windows making the outside look
like nothing more than a dark empty void. It was warm in here , not in a
comfortable cozy way but thick and humid , condensation sat heavy on the
glass aswell as the pipes running above me. This corridor was huge ,
although it housed the main three wards the rest of the stretch of
structure leading into the main corridor was a sparsely scattered array
of benches , vending machines buzzing away and … a woman ? Stood idol at
the end of the corridor staring. I couldn’t make out her features but I
could tell from this distance she was staring at me. I waved , nothing.
I shouted hello , nothing. She just stood there , like a toy soldier.
The lights flickered briefly and … she must have moved about 10 feet
closer but to move at that pace was unnatural. I could make out more
about her , she wore a white nurses uniform, a tight bun and a pleasant
smile. Eyes still fixed in my direction as I could make out she was
slightly swaying side to side. I could hear a her faint splutter coming
from her direction , eyes staring , still swaying. Lights flickered once
more , no more than 20 feet away from me now. Smile dropped , still
swaying side, still gurgling , still staring. I could feel my heart
start to flutter , confused by an overwhelming sense of dread I took one
step back gulping as I did.

“Everything alright Miss ? Are you one of the nurses on these wards ? I
could do with a bit of help if you could buzz me onto elm ward?” I heard
my voice tremble slightly as I spat out those words. My mind and soul
both told me to start bashing at the elm ward door till someone let me
in but my feet were cemented to the ground.

“H…elp” the voice croaked an struggled out of the woman landing on the
floor and crawled into my ears. From this distance I could see the
woman’s face clearer , it was ice white with cold blue lips and sunken
eyes. A skull with makeup , a husk of what was once a beautiful woman.
She sunk to the ground with her legs crossed holding out her finger and
running the back of it through the air “shhh now sweetheart , sleep
now”.

I’d of safely said this was one of the most surreal and terrifying
experiences of my life but despite the fear there was something oddly
elegant and beautiful in this unnatural event. My attention was quickly
drawn by the door to elm ward slamming open and a shorter dumpy woman
stepping out. Smart and authoritative, her presence almost made me
forget about what had just occurred, I took a second look back and the
woman on the ground had gone.

“Oi , Theo , come on lad let’s not dilly dally , we got a ward full so
let’s get you in scrubs and get you started.” The woman commanded ,
similar to the voice on the intercom so could only assume it was sister
Stanley , after seeing her bright yellow badge on her tunic my suspicion
was confirmed. She led me through the doors into a smaller very tight
corridor. The walls seemed to close in on me as they were full of
patient letters of thanks , posters about Covid and certificates of
achievement for the wards. In that corridor were 6 doors , 4 leading to
isolation rooms , a store room and a utility room. The last room on the
left however had the blind dragged all the way to the floor completely
blocking the glass behind. Through a small slit I could see a Care
assistant frantically cleaning , tears in her eyes scrubbing through
tears and shaky arms. Although I couldn’t see much else I could see a
sign on the door reading :

“Do not disturb, deceased”

I was escorted into Sister Stanley’s office that felt more like a
cupboard. Filing cabinets touched the ceiling , partially blocking the
spotlights from the ceiling illuminating the rest of the room. On her
desk was a pile of scrubs , she pointed at them and looked me up down.

“XL for you I think love , I know that’s pot Kettle but I find you go up
a size it’s a bit easier to move around in. Wore my actual size when I
first started and tore the arse out getting a catheter out of an old
chap” she chuckled sliding the pile in my direction.

“Get those on and I’ll see you at there” despite her gruff tone she was
oddly comforting with her jokes and tone , reminded me of my aunt. I
took my scrubs into the staff changing rooms and threw on the top which
felt like a tent on me but was happy the material was soft and airy ,
would be a dream working in this. I was about to put my trousers on when
the door swung open with sister stanly stood there. She blushed and
laughed at my attempt to cover up.

“Haha Christ Theo , nothing I ain’t seen before , see em on the daily in
and out of work” she chortled slapping her hand against the door frame.
“Now come on don’t be shy , I was only telling you that the staff
lockers are free to use but you gotta ask Harold for a key on reception
, pay a five quid deposit and he’ll sort it. He’s a lazy bastard mind so
you’ll be waiting a while - but here use mine today , excuse the smell”
she threw me a small key with a Bottle opener keychain on and I shoved
the rest of my bits into the locker.

The beginning of that first shift was uneventful. Mostly doing blood
pressures , diabetic finger pricks to test blood sugars and cleaning.
Time ticked by much slower than I thought , wether that was the mind
numbing monotony of basic tasks or just my brain perceiving the very
early hours to be somewhat timeless I’m not to sure. The nurses starting
doing their drug rounds at 2 am along the rows of the sick and the
injured , one by one being handed tiny pots of colourful pills or having
liquids of various colours pumped into their IV lines. I made myself
scarce sitting behind the admissions desk and checking my phone , I
didn’t get many notifications but the odd ones I did were met with
eagerness. I spotted out the corner of my vision Sister Stanley making
her way down the row to my right flirting with the men way out of her
league while having banter with those she didn’t deem to be as
attractive. The other nurse administering the drugs to the row in-front
of me was not a woman I recognised. She was younger , probably not much
older than myself , her hair was tied in a neat bun atop her head ,
makeup accentuated the sharpness of her facial features. Lipstick clad
mouth so sharp it could cut through butter below black winged eyes
nestling an ocean of white containing a bright blue island. Tall ,
assertive yet … oddly intimidating. Her pristine uniform and stunning
looks made my slobbish blue creased scrubs look even worse in
comparison. She bid be no words or even a glimmer of attention as she
finished with the patient lay in-front of me , didn’t even flutter her
eyes in my direction as she walked by into the ward next door.

An hour or so had passed by quicker than previous hours , I sat there
thinking about anything but work whilst checking my phone over and over
again or scrolling through Instagram. I looked up to see both rows of
patients sound asleep accompanied by the chorus of gentle snores and
incoherent mumbles. All bar one patient , in the bed In-front of me the
patient had his covers tucked up round his face covering the lower half
of his head. He looked absolutely petrified I could see him shaking even
through the dull light and darkness. Hospitals can be a scary and
intimidating place , even I hate hospitals if I’m a patient, so I
thought I’d get up and have a chat with him see if everything was ok. I
walked up to his bed and noticed the name on his notes before , Phillip
Lloyd , I picked them up and pretended I came over for a reason rather
than just a chat to make him not feel too awkward. I could still only
see the top of his head in the glow of the moonlight leaking into the
room. In the moonlight I could see Beads of sweat dripping from his head
and wide eyes transfixed to the ceiling.

“Hi there Mr Lloyd I’m Theo , care assistant looking after you this
evening. Everything okay mate you seem a bit unsettled ?”

Nothing , he just continued to stare

“I know things can be a bit scary here especially at night , but I’m
always here if you need a chat or something. Want me to fix you a brew
or a sarnie ? I think we may even had some…”

“It won’t let me sleep”

“What won’t Mr Lloyd ? Want me to fetch the nurse or something , might
be a mismatch with your meds or I’m sure they could find you something
to help you doze off”

He lifted his arm and pointed at the ceiling. “He won’t let me sleep ,
he’s lying on the ceiling screaming at me. It’s so loud , can’t you hear
it ? Please shut up , I don’t like the way your heads twisted round like
that , please let me sleep.”

These words alone shot a shiver down my spine. I stared at Mr Lloyd and
just gulped , every sensible bone in my body was telling me that it was
just a nightmare he’d had or the effect of his drugs causing
hallucinations. But that one tiny voice screamed louder then the
others - “what if there was something on the roof”. I slowly tilted my
head to the ceiling , eyes flickers hesitantly up too to Match the
direction of my head. I could feel sweat drip into the corner of my eyes
causing my vision to blur. Hidden in the dark beyond the pipes was ,
nothing , just the half painted ceiling that sheltered us from the
storm. Only at that moment did I realise how tense I was when my body
went limp and I almost lost my footing.

“Nothing up there Mr Lloyd , just the ceiling , nothing will get in and
out without my say so okay buddy ? Just…” my head tilted down to meet
his . He lay there moth gaped open wide , glazed blood shot eyes rolled
to the back of his head. I stumbled onto the floor scattering pens and a
note book across the floor with a timid rattle that turned into the
hurried footsteps of sister Stanley I could hear from the other side of
the ward”

“Haha ahh Theo your like Bambi on ice son , slipped on some piss or
someth-ohhh Jesus Christ ! Me Lloyd , can you hear me ?! Ahh shit , erm
, fuck…” Sister Stanley muddled about Mr Lloyd hitting various switches
on his IV drip , physically shaking him with more might than I thought
capable of a woman of her size.

“Did you find him like this Theo ? What happened son ?”

“I..I..I don’t know , I was talking to him no more than a few minutes
ago , he seemed a bit scared , I looked away for a moment and when I
looked back he was well , like this !”

“It’s okay son it’s alright” she could see I was getting flustered “ go
to the staff room and take your break, take a double if needs be , call
Dr Darius on your way back there though , we’ll need his final say”

I made my way the back the building where the staff room was located. Dr
Darius must of heard the commotion as he came sprinting past almost
smacking me with a rogue stethoscope.

The staff rooms a depressing place here. Cream brown walls hosted a
selection of leather couches , a table , a mini fridge and a microwave
that had a small note on that read “microwave broken , don’t put cutlery
inside , this is the 3rd occurrence now so please stop it”. The lights
were knackered so you could get away with making your way around the
room in the day but you had to rely on a void with phone lit faces to
guide you with the small glow they emitted. Luckily for me a care
assistant by the name of Clara had just finished her break so offered me
her seat. I slumped into the cheap leather seat with a poof of musty
damp air enveloping me as I sunk further in. I sighed and slid my hands
down either cheek letting out some mutters of self doubt. What the hell
happened to Mr Lloyd and , why ?

“You could smell it on him , death , it was only a matter of time before
he expired , it was a mercy if anything” a voice came from the dark from
the other end of the room.

“I’m sorry ?”

“Mr Lloyd , dead , gone , kaput. You can smell the death on them before
it even happens. Just have to accept it rather than trying to prevent
the inevitable.”

A chair from the other side of the room creaked. Click , clack , click ,
clack across the tiled floor. I couldn’t see anything in that room apart
from the immediate vicinity my eyesight would allow. A credit to how far
I must of sunk into that sofa when the figure came into view I could
only vaguely makeout the waistline down. A crisp dark blue dress gave
way to long slender legs wrapped in opaque black tights , all held
together with shiny black shoes with a wedge that must of made the woman
seem atleast a couple inches taller. She turned and I felt the sofa to
the side of me depress less than my side but enough to feel her presence
beside me , the musty smell had been eradicated by the aroma of sweet
lavender that made me feel instantly at ease. For whatever reason
however when I tried to open my mouth no words would come through not
even a peep.

“Nurse Rickton , pleasure to have you on board, how are you finding your
first shift with us .” A hand extended from the darkness to shake mine ,
slight shaken I met hers slightly embarrassed at the fact I could feel
the sweat that covered my palm.

“Theo , it’s good to be here I guess , been quite eventful for the first
shift here , I’ve never seen something like that so I’m just a bit
shaken”

The arm extended out to shake my hand had disappeared behind my back as
I could feel Nurse Rickton put it around my shoulders and shimmied over
to get her full arm round.

“It gets easier Theo , don’t get me wrong if you can save a life then
great , best feeling in the world , but deaths something inevitable and
once we learn to deal with it and accept it , it becomes easier. Don’t
let it affect you too much though , your good at why you do ! Handsome
chap like you is a welcome sight on this ward , wouldn’t want you giving
up too soon” her phone lit up revealing those ocean eyes and sharp
smile. The tension in my stomach changed to flutters as butterflies
burst into my stomach in force but felt like a statue as though I just
stared into the eyes of Medusa.

“Well Theo I’ll catch you a little later okay
, take your time and I’ll catch you back out there , an if you need
anything atall please ask.” Her hand tapped my thigh while her knee
nudged against mine whilst she stood.

Click , clack , click , clack , the door swung open and she was gone.

I didn’t waste much time getting back out there as part of me didn’t
wish to dwell on my thoughts much longer but the other half of me wanted
to play Show pony to impress knowing that eyes were on me. Primarily tho
I needed the loo before I could perform at my peak Skill set. The loos
were a surprise compared to the rest of the building. Due to The lack of
male staff these loos were barley used , everything seemed shiny and
new. I entered one of the stalls and behind the loo was a little window
no bigger than an A3 bit of paper. I locked the door and peered out the
window which lead into a sort of small courtyard between the wards. I
could see Pine wasn’t much a distance atall , lit by small orange glows
projecting scenes of nurses working hard into the night seeming like the
busier ward by quite a distance. The courtyard wasn’t that big , maybe a
stone’s throw to the adjacent ward if that. It was terribly overgrown
scattered with benches and shrubbery thy have been lost to time. The
rain still fell heavy which made me feel cozy and safe in the warm dry
haven of the ward. A sweet moment of tranquility and calm amongst
today’s shit show.

I was about to pull myself away from the tranquil normality of the
courtyard once forgotten when in the middle I saw a faint white glow. I
could of easily passed it off as a trick of the light or a slight dip in
my sanity after the nights events but the glow was a shape I recognised.
I could see the woman from the corridor sat in the middle of the
courtyard with her hands either side of her neck , legs flailing madly.
Coughs and splitters broke through the heavy patter of the rain whilst
her glow faded. I was losing sight of her , what on earth was she doing
?

I brought my head back into safety and I felt my back bump into
something that definitely did not feel like the cubical door. Even
through my scrubs I could feel how cold it was , how the dampness seeped
gently through my scrubs making my skin feel cold. Then it began , a
croaked gasp of air being sucked out of someone’s lungs as if the thing
behind me had been heavily whined. I could vaguely see in the reflection
little more than a white head glowing just behind my own. I was
absolutely petrified but I also felt strangely safe , whatever was
behind me didn’t feel evil but like it wanted help. I chose not to face
it though as the sheer terror fuelled me replacing any shred of
confidence I had to help this thing.

Before I could think for much longer the toilet door swang open with a
deafening bang ! Instinctively this made me swivel round to see nothing
standing behind me but I was now aware of what rushed into the stall to
the side of me , I didn’t have to worry for long as I heard wretches of
vomit being evacuated next door. I rushed round thinking it was a
patient next door that had got lost and needed some support but was
bewildered to Dr Darius knelt down with his head in the bowl shaking
like a leaf. At first I thought there may have been a cause for concern
until I saw the half drank bottle of whisky sticking out his coat pocket
so any sympathy I did have for him faded In an instant so left him there
in a heap of regret.

Not much else happened that night , relitively uneventful to be
truthfully honest. The welcome sunlight of dawn began to trickle in
around 6 am meaning there was only a couple hours left of shift.
Patients began to stir as more doctors and other professionals funnelled
in giving there take on their conditions. The blue curtains still
remained pulled around the bed opposite me swayed gently at the seams as
though Mr Lloyd himself was tactfully trying to find the opening without
being spotted. Other patients began to notice the curtains still drawn
and muttering began to circle , Mr Lloyd wasn’t much of a social man so
didn’t make the connections around him that the other patients had with
each other but seemed well liked. No family , friends , significant
others around him when he passed on but had by bewildered face staring
at him as he saw a manifestation of something horrible behind me.

A warm hand pressed on my shoulder slightly squeezing into me. “Alright
son ? Been a long night ay ?” Sister Stanley sat beside me sighing as
she did with her hand still pressed into me. “Go on son get off , go to
bed or have a pint on me or something? Not all nights will be like this
I promise but then again some will but , you will grow that resilience.
You ever need me give us a call , I’ll see you tomorrow night.” She
gestured me towards the doors with a warm smile that dulled the night
events ever so slightly as I was able to give her a half smile and make
my way out.

The sun seemed blinding walking out the doors of the old hutted wards. I
shuffled with my bag and took out a half pack of cigarettes aswell as my
headphones , a lit ciggy and some good music was the company I needed on
my journey home. I struggled to light up at first but after a few clicks
, a spark and a long drag it didn’t take me long to realise something
didn’t taste right , a concoction of strange tastes but I could only
pick up lavender. In fact my whole bag smelled vaguely of lavender.

Months seemed to pass me by , day by day same shit different shift. We
lost atleast one patient a week by that point if not more , with many
claiming to see unnatural apparitions before their demise. Dr Darius was
suspended during this time, have to say I hold most the responsibility
to the suspension. Dr Darius is a bit of a jack of all trades
orthopaedic surgeon , he can fix your nans hip but can also put little
Timmy’s broken arm in a cast and send him away smiling. He was helping
out for a week on paediatrics in the accident and emergency unit
attending to my cousin. My Aunt had originally come to me asking for
help with her sons suspected broken leg but when she didn’t listen to me
when I told her I am literally just a care assistant I told her to go to
A&E. Dr Byron took care of them while I went back to work. About 2 hours
later I saw my Aunts rotund face pressed up against Elm wards door
looking through the window trying to garner any attention. She looked
like someone had taken a tomato and squashed it up against the glass and
attached googly eyes to it.

“Theo ! Theo ! Oi Theo ! I’m absolutely livid you come and explain this
right now”

I dashed her a look of confusion as I approached the door.

“Aunt Lyn , What’s wrong ? Where’s Josh?”

“He’s in the car absolutely high as a kite on bloody morphine ! A sprain
is what the xray said , Josh had sprained his ankle. But when the Dr
came in he insisted he needed IV painkillers. Fair enough I thought ,
some paracetamol or something but no , he gave him enough morphine to
knock out an adult and wrote up a prescription for antihistamines ?!”

Slight concern raced through my mind so I had to report it to the matron
working there that shift. Turns out he was absolutely smashed off his
face on a whisky painkiller cocktail working with children so the his
boss’ had no other choice than to suspend him. I did feel a little bad
at first as he looked genuinely terrible but my sympathy didn’t stretch
too far.

This was just the beginning though. A couple days later Nurse Rickton
had come forward and pinned some of the recent deaths on Dr Darius. Sure
enough you look through the notes and his names attached to all of them
with strange scribbles barely legible as real sentences on each file for
the deceased. Nurse Ricktons handwriting also accompanied his however
any blame on her part was quickly absolved as she said Dr Darius was
coercing and gaslighting her.

The case is still ongoing but things are looking incredibly bleak for Dr
Darius since the police had got involved. During one of my days off I
had gone into town to do some errands not returning until late afternoon
as I usually do most days off. When I got back I noticed a footprint on
my front door while the door itself hung lazily on the remaining hinges.
It didn’t take me long to realise what who had broken in as Dr Darius
lay in the middle of the living room out cold amidst my now destroyed
home. Everything was either smashed , burnt or chucked out the back
window. Furniture to memories all crushed around my feet. Gone.

Police were called and took him away but it did little to fix my home. I
was effectively homeless as there was no feasible way I could safely
stay there now. A paw like hand rested steady on my shoulder.

“Oh I’m so sorry son , nasty business all this you didn’t deserve any of
it”. I turned and through teary eyes I could see Sister Stanley starting
to crouch behind me.

“It’s not fucking fair , where am I supposed to…. how am I going to… ?”
I could feel the tears well up again and a tight ball beginning to get
larger in my throat.

“Shhh sh sh , now there son come crash at mine until your back on your
feet ay ? Least I could do all things considered”

“Sister Stanley I..” she stopped me by putting a finger up to her lips
tapping it gently.

“Theo please , couldn’t think of anything worse than being out here in
your own. Since my son moved out and my Frank passed it’s been awfully
quiet at home. To be honest you’d be doing me a bit of a favour keeping
me company. Oh and please , call me Joan”

I enjoyed my time living with Joan , she had a beautiful end of terrace
house with a large garden and plenty of room inside the house too. I
stayed in the guest room after refusing her sons as it seemed to upset
her just a bit as she poorly tried to hide it. It was bliss. Breakfast
in bed every other day , our catch ups watching the telly with a plate
of biscuits in the evening. It was a moment of solace away from work.
One night we were sat in the living room watching telly as we did when I
noticed a picture on the wall I hadn’t noticed before. It was Joan and
another woman who seemed oddly familiar but I couldn’t quite put my
finger on it.

“Hey Joan , who’s that with you in the pic ? Looks like a bit of a wild
night there”

“Ohhh ay son , Christmas party 2017 , me and our Vivian. What a woman ,
hell of a personality On her mind you. Christ she could talk the ears of
anyone aswell. She wasn’t well though love , died in 2019 in the store
room of a heart attack or something they’d said , I can’t remember now.”
A weak smile spread across her face as she nestled back into her chair ,
I took a closer look at Vivian and then it clicked. She wore a tight bun
, a pleasant smile , all dressed in white.

I returned to work shortly after not because I felt mentally well to go
back but my sick pay had run its course and I was down to earning
nothing atall. Nothing all that much had changed in the month or so I
was away infact the only difference being we had a new locum Doctor (Dr
Francis) , nice bloke from what I’m told. I’d put my bags away and was
putting my scrubs on when I heard the familiar “click clack click clack”
behind me. A finger ran gently across my shoulders which turned into a
half hearted embrace.

“Good to see you back Theo , terrible business with Darius but I’m so
glad to see you back.” Nurse Rickton half sighed as I turned and
sheepishly smiled at her , she must have just arrived after me as she
wasn’t in her nurses uniform. Hair hung down to her shoulders , leather
jacket and black jeans , just as enchanting as I remembered. She walked
out into the back of the changing room starting to get undressed so I
swiftly made my exit back out onto the ward.

Work was fairly quite for the first few hours , mostly talking to
patients while I was doing their observations. The clock struck two am
which meant it was time for my break so I toddled off towards the staff
kitchen that had been newly renovated to my surprise and began to make a
cup of tea. I bumped into Clara who was finishing up her break and
taking over from me.

“Atleast they had enough to do the kitchen but the staff rooms still a
shit hole” she shrugged walking out scoffing the rest of a jammy dodger
into her mouth.

I stuck the kettle on whilst I rummaged around for a clean mug , the
whistle of the kettle soon however turned from a high pitched whistle
into an ear splitting screech. I dropped my mug shattering it around my
feet and ran out back onto the ward kicking porcelain as I did. I made
my way to the side room to see a patient stood in their tiptoes facing
the window. I hadn’t been acquainted with this patient but he seemed
from his notes to have only come in needing minor bowel surgery.

“I’ve seen the light , my Andrea waits for me , I’ve seen the light and
I must go to it! Free me from my mortal shell !” Arms outstretched
either side of him he drove his head through the glass window shattering
it into tiny shards. The fragments glistened in the moonlight as
diamonds soaked with blood rained onto the floor with a melody of
tinkles. The man stumbled back , eyes rolled back clutching his throat
falling back and onto me. The way we had fallen I was sat on my arse and
he was resting in my lap , panic subsided for a moment as he clutched
his throat.

“Andrea my dear , you look as beautiful as ever” letting his hand slip a
torrent of blood soaked my top half completely. By blue scrubs now a
sickly shade of red. The smile still etched on his face as the torrent
turned into a trickle whilst his last breath danced along his tongue. I
froze. I shuddered. And I shouted at the top of my lungs for help.
Sister Stanley , Dr Francis and a couple Care assistants all came
rushing in sliding the man off my lap and onto the floor with a
disgusting squelch. Instead of staying I ran into the store cupboard
holding back the tears as I wiped off as much blood from my face as
possible. I ran in locking the door behind me and throwing my bloody
scrubs in the nearest bin. I stood there staring out the window ,
fingers felt sticky in my hair as they gliding through , a vest and
boxers to my name both now stained a sickly red.

I must of been in there an hour or so crouched in the corner staring
into nothingness when a tap came on the window. Not forceful enough to
be a humans touch but enough for it to be mistaken as a tiny pebble
thrown at the window. I walked over to look outside and saw nothing at
first , just the dark depressing courtyard now lost to time. Before I
looked back though I saw the man who’s blood caked me sat on a bench
near the centre of the courtyard. Beside him sat a woman , sat in his
embrace looking at the stars above. Compared to the horror experienced
here this moment of tranquility warmed my shaken heart. I allowed myself
to smile slightly as the couple once again faded into to nothingness to
once again join the stars as one.

The lock in the door rattled and I could hear it creak open slightly. At
this point I felt too numb to turn around and cared very little about
the apparition behind me.

“Slap , slap , slap” I heard the smacking of bare feet on the vinyl
floor loom ever closer to me. I could feel a presence mere inches behind
me. Two arms extended either side of me reaching around my stomach
squeezing tightly as fingertips met.

“Theo , I’m sorry that must of been truly awful, I hope your okay
sweetie ?” A voice accompanied the smell of lavender once felt
intimidating now felt safe as I turned to see Nurse Rickton holding me
tight. My arms crossed across her back and squeezed back just as tight.

“It’s so fucked I… I didn’t know what to do I just needed to get away”

“I know sweetheart I know , he wasn’t well though you could smell the
death of him a mile away” she muttered softly. A flash of suspicion
glanced through my mind but was quickly snuffed out when she nestled her
head deeper into my chest. After a while she let go , her pristine
uniform now pebble dashed with splats of red. She looked as though she
didn’t know what to say as she shyly looked down so I joked.

“Sold your shoes to a patient nurse ?”

She chuckled softly “no no , I spilled my drink when I heard you shout
and got shoes full of cold coffee , they are on the radiator in the
other room”

An awkward tension grew once more , both just looking and chuckling.

The door suddenly swung open as Sister Stanley stood there hands on hips
tutting lightly. “Cmon you too , no relations during work hours ay ?” We
both blushed.

“Theo love , nip back home and get yourself some new scrubs , you can do
admin work for the rest of shift. Nurse Rickton , take 5 mins and get
back out there , won’t put you on side rooms though sweetie so you can
do the lower risk patients at the top of the ward”

We both nodded and walked past her. As I was walking out I’d reached the
top of the car park in nothing more than a long coat , vest and boxers
that Joan hadn’t given me a key so I jogged back into the ward. I
couldn’t find her at first , ward seemed remarkably quiet considering
the events of the evening. Dr Francis said there was no sign of her and
Clara said she hadn’t seen her either. I couldn’t even find Nurse
Rickton so I thought fuck it is just get some scrubs from the ward next
door.

I walked past the store room and heard gasping shuffling. Odd. Only
nursing staff has access to the room so I put the code in and opened the
door as quiet as I could as not to spook anyone. I stepped in and the
shuffling had muted , groans and spits now silenced into a definitive
cracking sound. Shit , did they notice me ?

“Shhh now sweetheart , I knew you were sick I could smell the death on
you but it’s alright now , everything’s alright”

I heard a voice from round the corner , knelt there on the floor was
Joan rocking too and fro with a woman in her arms that I could only see
from the waist down behind behind Joan’s looming figure . A neat uniform
slightly splattered with red lay that flowed into two legs wrapped in
black tights lay limp in her lap. I stepped closer and the bun that once
sat neat on Nurse Ricktons head was now a mess half torn out of her hair
tie. Her eyes were no longer a sea of blue but were pale islands in
bloodshot rivers. A trickle of blood painted delicately from her nose
down onto her lips.

“Forgot the keys didn’t you Theo Love ?”

“Joan I …. What the fuck ?!?”

“Shh Theo , it’s alright , you could smell the death on her a mile off ,
the smell of lavender hiding it from an untrained nose like yours. It’s
kinder this way.”

“Why didn’t you try get her some help ? Or or a doctor or something?”

“Because this is kinder , she would of suffered through months of trauma
… just like all our patients, I had to help them! Vivian appreciated my
help , infact she begged for it at the end … I didn’t want to but once I
saw the pain lift away I knew I could help others. They didn’t notice
though it doesn’t hurt atall , slip a bit of this into their IV and they
are in cuckoo land till death takes their soul away” she flashed a
little bottle of liquid in my direction before sliding it back into her
pocket.

“Doesn’t hurt ? Joan I watched a man die in my arms in excruciating pain
! You can’t say that , It doesn’t justify anything.”

“Pain is such a mortal feeling Theo , Viv comes to me and says that her
emotional pain lifted once I cured her physical pain. We still talk now
and then , just as wonderful as I remembered her”

“This is madness Joan , yes okay some of them may have been terminally
ill but it gives you no right kill them”

She sighed and stood to her feet , arms stretched out towards my
direction. As she stood Nurse Rickton rolled off her lap and landed with
a horrendous crack.

“Come here Theo love it’s okay , it’s not ‘killing’ as such , it’s help
, the last big thing you can do for someone is to Ease their physical
pain so they can move on”

“Rickton then hmm ? She wasn’t sick or in pain”

“Oh she was , physical no but she yearned for attention after years and
years of physical pain and torment. She told me her whole story love and
it broke my heart. I only did for her what she never had the courage to
do , I cured her emotional pain”

My heart felt heavy , I looked toward the pale beauty lying motionless
on the floor. I truly believe Joan felt like she was helping as when she
stepped into the moonlight the beams danced off the tears in her eyes. I
shuffled back with my feet up against the door , Joan’s eyes still full
of tears as she approached me with her arms spread wide.

At that moment the door and it swung open . I smacked my head hard on
the Vinyl blurring my vision but I was just about to make out the shape
of Cara and Dr Francis.

Darkness.

When I awoke I saw police coming in and out of the ward while I was sat
in the staff room lit by a couple torches in the back of the room. A
brighter torch being held near my eye as I could feel another hand
behind my head.

“Your alright Theo lad you had quite the knock ! That’s going to be sore
for a little while I’m afraid”

Dr Francis turned his light off and my vision corrected to see the rest
of the room. The window infront portrayed a scene of a couple of police
escorting Sister Stanley out of the ward in handcuffs as she shot me a
weary smile and a half tired wink as she mouthed the words “Sorry love ,
I tried”

I don’t remember much else of that night but I decided to come back and
work shortly after. I missed the routine and my chats with patients ,
oddly enough I missed Cara and Dr Francis too. We garnered new staff who
were starting this week who have been sent over from other wards coming
very highly recommended. Our death rates had dropped significantly in
recent months and patients seem a lot happier and settled. The wards
down here though are set to close shortly with demolition happening next
year make way for the new Paediatric specialty unit so we will be moved
upstairs in the main hospital.

I can’t lie but I won’t miss this place. Too much pain and horror live
here now. But I will miss one thing though , every so often when I go in
that store room I look out the window and smile - as my nostrils fill
with the smell of lavender.
