If you’re reading this, it’s too late now. I’m sorry. I held out as long
as I could, but I’m tired, and exhausted, and I don’t see a way out. I
hope you are able to do what I was unable to do, and that you are able
to use the information that I’ve gathered. You should read the rest of
these documents to give yourself the best chance of survival. 

I want you to understand that the release of these documents were done
through a conscious, though extremely selfish decision, and was only
done to save my own life. It could have ended with me, but I recognize
that I am a coward by involving you. I had hoped that if others were put
in the same position, they would be able to branch out and gather more
information on what this entity is, and how to keep it at bay.
Understand that interacting with this document has made it aware of you
now, and that by doing so, I have bought myself time. 

You don’t have to believe me. It won’t change anything, but for those
that take this seriously, I need to share my background, and the events
leading up to this. 

I am a biochemical engineer, originally based out of Munich, Germany. I
should say that I was, for a lack of better words. I was recruited in
2021 because I was heavily involved in biorobotics, specifically
applications of robotics targeting individual neurons and specific
neural pathways. Our robots were the first generation of its kind,
capable of both targeted electrical signals, and generating chemical
signals to promote neural growth. It’s work that would have
revolutionized our understanding of the brain. The original work that I
did was mostly in the public sector, though this recruitment was my step
into the private sector. Due to the allure of money, and the growing
uncertainty of there being enough funding for the next research cycle, I
made the move.

I was recruited to lead Project Tandem in early 2021, through word of a
colleague that had jumped ship, and had recommended me. The company was
Intersect Corp, a shell company that many of us didn’t know much about.
They were offering double to triple our salaries, guaranteed funding for
the next 10 years, and rights to publish our research after the NDA
period of an additional 5 years. 

For the project, there were about 40 of us, a good mix of folks from
backgrounds in biology, robotics, applied software engineers, etc. All
of us were industry experts, and from companies stationed all around the
world. I’m going to keep further information on the company and my
location vague, as at this point in time, I’m not sure who to trust, and
where to go. I don’t need any more variables thrown into this mix. A
good portion of our later work was not moral, and though I regret now,
the choices made cannot be changed. 

Project Tandem was aimed at understanding consciousness, mapping out
what causes it, and figuring out if it’s possible to replicate it. This
was a philosophical question asked in all ages of time, and we wanted to
take a stab at it. Studying consciousness directly was difficult, a
conscious person would have an active brain, and active brains were too
busy and too guarded to get effective information. For that reason, we
had to target the unconscious brain, specifically alpha wave generation
going from the third stage of sleep into the fourth REM stage. It was a
lofty goal at the start, but the scope was lowered down to a single
question. Would it be possible to map a dream in real time, and interact
with that dream? 

Dreams happen unconsciously, and are mostly associated with theta waves.
By inducing alpha waves and other waking signals, but keeping a subject
in deep sleep, we were able to safely get into a controlled sleep
paralysis state. This state could only be kept open for a period of
time, but with the help of imaging software, word associated neural
maps, we could essentially communicate with someone dreaming, though we
were limited to one word yes and no questions. Think of someone dreaming
of a grassy field, we would ask the brain “green,” and the yes portion
of the brain would light very briefly. Through multiple runs, we’d be
able to associate a certain pathway with that green. 

The country we were located in had lax rules on human experimentation,
and our work, though a bit invasive, was theoretically safe. We did run
everything through animal testing first, as we iterated on the designs,
but the brain structures were so significantly different that any real
progress would need to be made through human trials. My work had been
tested extensively in the past, though this was the first time it was
applied directly to a subject that could communicate back.

Over time, the data that we gathered allowed us to create specialized
LLM models that could take that real time neural pathways, and output a
crude real time drawing. We were limited to about 1 frame a second on
the second real prototype, though version 3 improved it to about 20. The
word association got extremely specific, where most words were
attributed to specific pathways. We had essentially sight into dreams. 

I want to stress that the work that we did to this point was
extraordinary, and everything after this was unknown territory. We were
scientists, men of logic and reasonings, and we were pioneering the
mind. 

The 4ish years of peering into dreams had given me plenty of time to
improve on an original creation, a photoelectric hybrid nanobot lattice
that could live inside a brain long term. This was the holy grail,
something that would be able to hijack neural pathways by acting as an
extension of the brain, and transmit through a data port. The prototypes
were still in early stages, but the buzz, the excitement, and the years
of moving quickly had led us to push for human trials. It was here where
I wish one of us had voiced concerns about potential ramifications, and
we could have slowed down. 

The first trial was to see if we could change the dream. If we used the
lattice to hit the pathways for “blue” and “water,” would the subject
dream of the ocean? Would the dream change if we did it halfway through
the dream? 

Yes and yes. 

The power we held was remarkable. 

It was this indescribable feeling of being on top of the world that led
us to ignore the warning signs. Looking back at the data now, we should
have noticed that certain neural pathway combinations that we had never
seen before started lighting up. Some pathways to negatively connoted
feelings, such as “uncomfortable” or “stressed” or “scared” started
appearing more often than previously measured. 

It was year 5 now, earlier this year, 2026. The progress we had made was
incredible, but we were still no closer to understanding where
consciousness specifically came from. Before we were blind, but now we
had glasses, so we had hope. The impossible question was no longer
looming ahead of us, we could take strides towards it. 

Our next step was to understand if dreams could be shared. We had the
data, we had the pathways, we had a real time device that was able to
grab information, and duplicate it. I could see a dream through a
screen, but could I experience it?

We tested on mice first, then pigs, and things seemed to check out.
Everything within our parameters, and so we moved to humans. Our first
trial, two volunteers. Subject A was induced to sleep, and induced to
dream of a landscape, a grassy field with a single tree, blue skies.
Subject B was induced about an hour later, and as the brain started to
dream, we used the lattice to cut off the signals. We then ported from
subject A the dream data, and replicated into subject B. 

We expected the dream to be the same. Two monitors, sharing the same
picture. Subject B would wake up and tell us that they saw Subject A’s
dream. 

Subject A’s brain waves shuddered for a moment. It’s the best word that
I could use to explain it, the waves oscillated all at the same time,
and the neural pathways lit up in a way we hadn’t ever seen before. It
was only for the briefest second, as Subject B entered the dream, as if
Subject A was somehow aware that the dream was being shared. That wasn’t
possible, there was no data linkage back to Subject A. 

And yet, Subject A reacted. The image on subject A’s screen was
different from subject B. Subject A was looking at the tree directly, it
was in the middle of the screen. Subject B was looking at the tree from
another angle, the tree was on the left side of the screen. 

I remember one of my colleagues gasping, and then more, as we all
quickly realized. Subject B could see Subject A. Subject A was standing
off on the right side. The body wasn’t there, it was a dreamlike blob. A
figure, barely made out, the shape changing every few seconds, hands,
feet, everything there, just shifting. Subject A then turned to face B.
And B was more or less the same changing shape. 

A dream was shared. Not the signals, but the space in which the dream
took place was shared.

Consciousness took place outside the physical space, and this was
undeniable proof. B had intruded into A’s space. 

Perhaps the shock of everything, confirming it was what stunned us to
inaction, but we stood there. We stood there and watched A and B look at
each other. 

The timer beep broke us out of our trance. 2 minutes was what we allowed
for that trial. 2 minutes had passed so quickly. The connection was
severed. The subjects were awakened. They went through the checkups, and
psych evaluations. Everything checked out. Everything was silent, as we
went through the checks and the routines. And as every check came back
positive, we exploded. We had done it. 

We had confirmed a core aspect of metaphysics, and we had barely
scratched the surface. 

The trials continued quickly, and we repeated them over and over,
testing different parameters, different scenarios. We were so excited,
ecstatic. 

We tested the ability to interact with each other, what the least
information needed to connect dreams, how the host space would be
created, if two host spaces could be merged, or if one could take over
the other. We had all these questions, and it felt like we didn’t have
enough time in the day. The lab was working 12 hour days, 6 days a week,
and still we were excited. Days off felt like a burden, but we rushed
back to start the next trial, week after week. 

By May, we had gotten a good understanding of creating a host dream,
having a visitor join. We tried to get a third to join but the space
fell apart, so the assumption is that two is the limit. We had the two
subjects have full control in the dream, and interact with each other,
though the interactions were clumsy. 

A few colleagues volunteered to undergo the trials themselves, and had
done so successfully. Their insights were more detailed than our other
subjects, and the ability to interact was more intricate. My guess is
that being aware of the process made them subconsciously better at it. 

I mention May because it was when the side effects started to show.
About T+3 months. 

Subject A and B were the first. 

There was a specific pathway that always lit up when the host would
enter, and we dubbed it N-R3, as part of our standard naming. Section N,
right side, 3rd mapped path. We identified this path as being a marker
for when a host and a visitor were sharing the same space. 

On May 11th, our analytics team identified that the path was lighting up
a few milliseconds before the connection was opened. We attributed that
to the brain adapting to the trial time, since we did start the
connection every time an hour after the host started dreaming, and
adjusted the time to see what would happen. We pushed it back to an hour
30, and noticed that the path did light up, and stayed lit up. 

We brushed it off as a byproduct of the trials, and noted to give more
rest to subject A. 

On May 12th at 3:14 AM, when monitoring Subject A during regular sleep,
marker N-R3 lit up once again. This was the first recorded incident of
marker N-R3 being active outside of regular trials. 

We decided to hook up a camera module to monitor Subject A on the night
of May 13th. 

On May 13th at 2:47AM, marker N-R3 lit up again on Subject A. This
marker did not turn off until Subject A woke up. 

On May 13th at 8:17AM, an all hands on deck meeting was called to review
troubling footage from Subject A.

The footage stamped at 2:47AM showed a dark smudge appear on the right
side of Subject A’s dream. At first, we assumed that this was part of
the dream, but none of the markers that would be associated with a
smudge, like “dark” or “black.” From the moment it appeared, to 3:22AM,
the smudge remained where it was, relative to subject A. Afterwards, it
began to follow subject A. At 4:52AM the smudge grew, and it copied
subject A’s shape. At 6AM subject A was awakened, and N-R3 dimmed. 

The entity was officially named EAX, entity, subject A, code X for
unknown, entity x for shorthand. This was by all means, an intelligent
creature able to access a space we had barely entered. 

We immediately stopped all trials, and focused all resources onto
monitoring Subject A, reviewing and analyzing neural pathways that had
previously been tripped. It was here we first started noticing the
uptick in pathways associated with escape, such as “run” or “hide,” or
general negative pathways such as “stressed” or “fear.” Subject A was
exhibiting a primal urge to get to safety, and was exhibiting this when
coming across X. At this point in time, it was unknown if entity X was
hostile, or was attempting to make contact. We were leaning towards the
first, given the responses by the brain in Subject A. 

When comparing other markers with other subjects, we noticed similar
patterns, with marker N-R3 being active a few milliseconds before the
connection was being made. At this point, we were on high alert, and all
trials were suspended indefinitely until we understood more about where
we had trespassed. 

Over the next few days, entity X started following subject A more. The
closer that entity X got to Subject A, the more Subject A started
shivering, and spasms occurred, showing physical signs of distress. This
was also the first time where the physical body responded to what was
happening in the dream. 

Subject A was placed on stimulants to deter the N-R3 marker from
lighting up again. Keeping the subject awake was the only thing that
seemed to prevent entity X from getting closer. 

Unfortunately, there is a physical limit to how many days a human can go
without sleep. 

On May 18th, entity X was directly in front of subject A. Regions of
subject A’s brain started to dim. A few fingers twitched, and subject
A’s had moved. The regions that controlled movement showed no activity. 

Entity X was attempting to take over subject A, and was succeeding. A
creature was trying to break into the physical world. We had no protocol
for this. 

Subject A was locked into solitary on May 18th, and was monitored around
the clock. All trials were fully stopped, and all subjects that had
undergone the trial were now being monitored to see if the N-R3 marker
showed up with them as well. 

On May 19th, all brain activity for Subject A ceased to exist. Subject A
was still awake, looking. Physical vitals were still active, heart was
beating, body temperature remained stable, breathing was steady.  

It is an eerie feeling, looking into the eyes of another human being,
and not seeing any signs of life. I still remember the day vividly, the
hairs on my body slowly rising as I looked at this thing in front of me.
My colleagues were no better. Some already had a blank look for days
now, going through the motions. One had turned to God, vigorously
praying. A few were trying to stay calm, but breaking down crying
throughout the day. I can only imagine what the others were going
through, the ones that had volunteered for the trial themselves, knowing
in their minds that this thing now existed. 

We took a vote, and decided to enact a lockdown protocol. I was given
the sole key for breaking the protocol. Our compound could sustain us
for two years with rationed goods. 

On May 20th at 1:13AM, subject A, or entity X turned its head about 150
degrees, twisting its neck in an unnatural, inhumane way. The neck bones
cracked, yet the muscles kept it pointing straight into the wall. This
position was held for about 30 seconds, before the neck was violently
twisted another 90 degrees in the same direction. It wasn’t until later
that a colleague put together that entity X was looking at Subject B. 

On May 20th at 1:14AM, subject B’s N-R3 marker lit up. By 1:18AM, entity
X was now present in Subject B’s dreams. Entity X did not start as a
smudge this time. 

I am reaching the limit for this document. Further parts will be posted
as I gather the rest of my notes and type it up. I know that I’ve made
you an unwitting part of this, but if you start seeing a creature
watching you in your dreams, let me know. I’ve left out some details
that I’ll use to verify real incidents, though I expect the number of
affected individuals to go up.

After all, it’s aware of you now. 
