Recently, my daughter has been nagging me about something she found in
our basement, constantly calling it “her new bald pet.” She’s always had
a vivid and expressive imagination, often describing the thing as if it
were a small hairless rat with six limbs and a short tail, so for a
while I made the conscious decision to make short nods to her playful
delusions, like, “Oh? It seems so interesting,” or “Make sure you take
good care of it.” She would usually respond emphatically and run to the
next room to play with whatever she needed. However, her behavior became
concerning whenever she was out of the house for too long.

 The best example that I can recall at the top of my head is when her
mother had to take her for two weeks. On the 4th day, she called me
repeatedly, and when I picked up, that woman began screaming as if a
wild animal was cornering her.

“You need to pick her up now!”

I distinctly remember her voice sounding as icy cold as when she found
out that we had a daughter. In response, I made the reasonable decision
to de-escalate. 

“How come? Taking care of a kid can’t be that hard.”

“Don’t f*ck with me right now; she’s freaking out right now, and I need
you to come help with her!”

I was obviously reluctant to drive to her place since my daughter was
usually low maintenance and couldn’t even rip open a teddy bear, but
when I opened her door, I almost fell back in shock. 

The house was a complete mess: broken glass, destroyed stuffed animals
and dolls, all of which were done in the same way: completely mangled
and twisted into horrific and unnatural shapes. Some of the windows were
cracked, and doors were chipped, like something was desperate to leave.
After a brief search, I found my daughter’s mother on the deck, who
pointed to the guest room where my daughter sat on the bed, curled up,
surrounded by discarded pillows and sheets.

“What the hell is this?”

“…”

No response; it was as if even she couldn’t believe it was real. In the
end, I grabbed her arm and walked her to the car, not even bothering to
look at the kid’s mother. I started the ignition and glanced in the
rearview mirror, expecting her usual jolly face; instead, she looked
like she didn’t even have the energy to look up.

The ride home that afternoon was depressing, but I still needed to be
the bigger man and make sure she knew what she did wasn’t okay, and yet
I didn’t have the heart to scold her like usual.

“Why… why did you do it?”

“…”

“Is it something we did? Are we just not giving you attention?”

“…no…”

“Then why are you doing this, knowing how hard I work?”

“…I’m sor-”

“Don’t say that… you don’t get to say that… because I’m at the point
where I don’t even know what to do anymore. I work every second of my
life, and I have to do everything, but in the end, I want to know.”

She was quiet for a while after that, not even making a peep until we
went into the parking space of our apartment complex, where she finally
said, just quiet enough to make out, “I could feel my pet… he was
lonely.” I didn’t even bother to question her told her that now wasn’t a
good time for her expressive imagination, but at this point, I was
willing to take anything that would get me out of this awkward
situation. 

Every night after that, things escalated with more and more occurrences
I was unfortunately blind to at first, thinking it was in my head, until
they were right in front of me. The first night I came home from my
night shift, I noticed that all of our meat was gone: beef, mutton,
chicken, and even fish weren’t spared. This was despite me shopping for
food the night before, but at the time, I was too tired even to care or
be concerned about what my daughter was doing while I was at work, so I
just walked to peek into my daughter’s room, where she was fast asleep,
peaceful as usual, and went to sleep.

The night following that, I returned home and attempted to go to sleep,
only to be repeatedly woken up by multiple thumps on the floor below me,
staggered yet randomly consistent. I assumed it was my neighbor below
us, so I sluggishly and sloppily put on random clothes, walked
downstairs, and knocked on the door impatiently. When a sluggish,
disheveled mess of a man opened the door, I immediately laid into him.

“Hey man, I’m going to need you to quiet it down here.”

“The hell are you talking bout-”

The man looked utterly bewildered, which only made me more agitated, so
I snapped at him and got into a slight argument. By the end of our
conversation, I was forced to leave while he flashed his phone screen at
me. When I finally made it back to bed and tried to rest, the thumping
only got more ferocious and louder as I hopelessly covered my ears with
any available pillow.

The day after, I woke up much earlier than usual, causing me to see what
my daughter prepared for her day, except she never left. She just sat on
the carpet, writing multiple letters, all written to “my stray dog”. I
assumed she never left for school because they were off that day or
something, and she was trying to pass the time, but when I passed by to
grab a drink from the fridge, I saw what was inside the letters. Each
one was written like text or casual conversations you would have with a
best friend, and under what she wrote were weird greenish goo stains
that I didn’t pay much attention to; kids love to play with slime, so I
figured that was it. That was until later that day, when she ran off
into her room and came back a bit later, with all of the sheets of paper
gone.

For the days after that, I always woke at the same awkward time and was
forced to stay with my daughter as she repeated the same cycle until one
night, before I had to go to my night shift, I finally intervened and
stepped in front of her before she managed to get into her room, saying,

“Hey kiddo, I’ve noticed that you haven’t been going to school recently.
Are you off? Is there a break?”

She proceeds to nod sheepishly. In response, I sigh and look at my phone
on the dining room table. 

“So if I go call your mother and ask about your schedule, she wouldn’t
say otherwise?”

She stopped and clutched her papers tighter, giving me a look of
complete turmoil. Finally, she squeaked out.

“I couldn’t go to school because I need to take care of the pet in the
basement.”

First of all, we don’t have a basement; we live in a multi-story
apartment complex. How can that be physically possible? Without saying a
word, I burst into her room to see a brown, tattered oak door sitting on
the wall in front of her bed. There’s no way that it was real; it was
completely out of place. It wasn’t even architecturally possible. I
slowly turned around and looked at my daughter, subtle horror on my
face,

“So this is why you have been skipping school, to go into your room and
play pretend?”

She looked utterly bewildered at my response, looking past me and back
at my face.

“Dad, what are you talking about- it’s right there.”

“Now’s not playtime, sweetie.”

“But my pet is in the basement, just look…”

“WE DON’T HAVE A BASEMENT! YOU DON’T HAVE A PET! God, I try to give you
the best life we have, and you are just spitting in my face with your
DELUS-”

In an instant, the door slams open, causing me to snap around and fall
back. My hands were cold with sweat, and my legs instinctively started
shaking. A slow squelching and pounding sound as the old oak stairs past
the tattered dark oak door creak with such intensity; they sound like
they’re on the verge of snapping in half. It never came out of the
shadows; instead, it slugged its way into the next shadow when one
ended. When it passed the door’s threshold, I caught a glimpse of what
it was. Its bloated, rotting flesh peeled away, and green, spoiled
liquid oozed from its wounds. Its body was made up of different animals,
all of which I couldn’t identify. Its voice was unidentifiable as well,
sounding like it came from multiple unrelated creatures; it was
impossibly bigger than my daughter had first described.

My first instinct was to put my daughter behind me and hold out a hand.

“Don’t hurt my daughter!” I managed to say while my outstretched hand
shook wildly, but it seemed to work, as the creature stopped in its
tracks. But with a slow and labored pace, it let out a tendril, made of
several different fingers, and wrapped it around my arm as it spoke in a
gargled, broken English.

“…When… was the…last time- you got.. groceries…” 

I was completely stunned by the question, and before I was able to
speak, it put inhuman force into its tendril and broke my arm as if it
were a twig. I managed to break free from the creature’s grip and let
out a blood-curdling scream, and grabbed my daughter with my healthy
arm, who was quiet throughout all of this, and ran out of the apartment,
down the stairs into the parking lot of the complex, finally setting my
daughter down on the curb. Before I was able to give my daughter any
words of encouragement or even scream for the police, since I left my
phone in the apartment, the thing jumped down from right in front of my
daughter and stared me down. 

I fall back, horrified, once more and look past the creature, at my
daughter, who just looked at me plainly.

“Sweetie, I’m going to need you to step away from the monster and come
to me slowly, please…” 

She didn’t move as the creature let out a tendril, softly and
protectively grasping her hand with it.

My negotiations with her soon turned into desperate pleas with her to
come to me, as that thing just stared at me, with not even a hint of
remorse on its face for what it did to me. Finally, I take a step back
to the stairwell, and the creature seems to follow curiously, with her
only turning to me, face unrecognizable, and saying, “Please, Dad, stop…
You could have just tried to believe me.”

She walks off with the creature following her like a loyal dog, leaving
me in the parking lot, arm shattered and completely breaking down,
screaming for her to come back. 

“I do! I’ll do anything! Please! I’m a good dad!”

Now, I’ve taken refuge in a downtown shelter, with my only resource
being a company laptop I managed to get hold of. I ask: what can I do? I
need my family back. She can’t be living with that thing; no one
understands what I have done- not my ex, my daughter- and I lost it to
that thing.

I need to bring her back.
