I finally got internet so I can tell this story, it’s at only one bar,
but I’ll try to post anyways. My name is Hunter. I’ve been trapped in a
cabin for the past day. I decided to go on a hike with some of my
friends in the Smokey Mountains, it was a trail we’d been on before so,
nothing new. We decided to go this past weekend, me, my friend Ethan,
and my friend James. I wish we had never gone, I wish this nightmare to
be over, and maybe it is, maybe it isn’t.

It started on Sunday, when we got to the Smokies at around dusk or so,
we headed in our cabin we had rented. A nice cabin for the three of us,
we each got our own bedroom, even had a pool table and tv we could
watch. The best part about it was the view. I loved looking out at the
mountains, just as the sky started to set, but before it became all
dark. We had a good night just goofing off, played a few games of pool,
watched some tv, and went to bed. You know, the usual.

When we got up the next morning, I had a strange gut feeling that
something was off. I ignored it. I was too excited for our upcoming hike
later that day. We started off on one of the easier hikes, only around
four maybe five miles. Nothing happened on that hike, we reached the
end, enjoyed the view and took a few pictures, and hiked the trail down
to our car. After we got back to our cabin, it was more of the same
thing we had the night before. I woke up Tuesday morning a little sore,
but otherwise ready to go, but I still had that gut feeling that maybe I
shouldn’t hike today, but once again like the idiot I was, I decided to
ignore it.

We decided to take a bit of a longer hike; I think it was around eleven
miles. As we got to the trail head, I felt my stomach begin to knot, but
I wasn’t gonna turn around now, especially not with my friends. We
started on the trail; nothing happened at first. Probably around halfway
through, I had to take leak. I decided to head off trail, maybe twenty
to thirty feet, as my friends said they’d wait for me. I finished my
business and started heading back. After having walked a good fifty
feet, I realized something was very wrong. I had stumbled upon a cabin,
it looked old and abandoned, but otherwise unremarkable. I wasn’t sure
what to think. I knew if there had been a cabin this close to the trail
me or my friends would have definitely seen it. I decided I was going to
turn around and find the trail, maybe I had walked the wrong direction
back. I walked back into the forest, heading in a straight line. After a
few minutes I walked into a clearing and I felt my heart drop.

Before me stood the same exact cabin I had seen just minutes before
behind me. The front of it looked like it was smiling at me, like it
knew something I didn’t. I pulled out my phone and tried to call my
friends, but my cellphone was at zero bars. I even tried 911, but I
couldn’t get through to them either. I began to panic and I ran back
into the woods, desperately trying to find a way out. The sun was
beginning to set, causing me to panic even more. I started running
faster, when I heard a scream from behind me. Not quite human, maybe
something like a hyena, but something wasn’t right. I stopped moving and
went quiet. It was now that I realized just how quiet the woods had
become. I began to hear sticks break and leaves moving, coming closer to
me, I couldn’t stay still any longer, I decided to make a run for it. I
ran so fast that my thighs were beginning to burn, but I could hear that
thing coming closer, until I ran into yet another clearing, and almost
stopped. It was the same clearing as before, with the cabin standing in
front of me, mocking me. I ran as fast as I could, up the front stairs
onto the front deck and I tried the door. Thankfully the door opened
with ease as I ran inside and locked it. I heard a loud crash into the
door and stepped back. Something tried the door handle, but eventually
gave up, as I heard it slowly walking, or rather, stomping down the
stairs.

I turned around and began to look at the interior. It was dark, but my
eyes were starting to adjust. The interior was nothing remarkable, some
furniture such as chairs, a side table and a desk. I pulled out a
flashlight from my backpack, I’m not sure why I packed it but I’m glad I
did, and I looked around, I could see a bookshelf in the corner, with
some old books. I’m not a big literature guy, but there was nothing that
I recognized. I took a step towards the desk to look at it. Inside I
found some old looking paper, a couple of fountain pens, and a journal.

“I guess I’m not the first one to find this place.” I spoke aloud to
myself.

I sat on the chair and opened the journal. The first entry was from
1896, it read:

“June 12th, 1896”

“In travelling to my brother in North Carolina, I have stumbled across a
cabin. This cabin seems to have been built many years ago, I decided to
take refuge here, as a storm has begun, and I soon expect the conditions
to worsen, so in the meantime, I will enjoy one of the books this cabin
has to offer. I am hearing a strange sort of yelling coming from the
woods, like a woman’s scream. It’s getting closer.”

“June 13th, 1896”

“The yelling from the woods got much closer last night, I assumed that
old Ranger would be fine outside last night, but I was wrong. When I
came out this morning to leave, I found him unmoving, on his side, with
three long, wide, scratch marks running from tail to throat. I tried to
leave, the way I came, but no matter what I do, I just end up back here.
I hear the yelling, it’s coming closer, I’m going to take my gun and
make it pay for what it did to old Ranger.”

The entries ended for a few pages before picking up later, in December
of 1938. Before I could read any more, the yelling picked up from deep
within the woods. I walked toward the window and peered out. It was dark
at this point, but I couldn’t see anything, so I continued reading.

“December 14th, 1938”

“I found this journal just sitting here in a desk. At first, I thought
it had to be a joke, nothing can truly prevent you from leaving, but
upon trying to leave, I found myself to be trapped. No matter where I
go, I always end up right back here. If you’re reading this, I’m sorry
to say, I don’t believe there’s a way out of this.”

“December 15th, 1938”

“He wasn’t wrong about that yelling, it started off so faint in the
distance, but now it’s almost deafening, I’m not sure how much longer I
can deal with this.”

On the next page the handwriting changed again.

“June 18th, 1981”

“I was out hiking, they just set up this new trail, and now I’m stuck
here, there’s no point in even trying to escape, this has to be a joke.”

“June 19th, 1981”

“I wish they were kidding, this morning around 3, the yelling, or more
like screaming started up, I tried to go to sleep, but the sound became
so deafening, that I just couldn’t. I tried everything to leave after
the screaming started, but I keep ending up here, maybe I keep looping?”

“June 20th, 1981”

“I tried every possible direction; there’s no way out. The screaming
started again. I’m thinking about just walking out and letting it take
me, at least then, it’ll be all over.”

That was it, the entries just stopped, I didn’t want to think about what
could have happened to these poor people, or about what might happen to
me now that I’m trapped here too. I didn’t bring much food; I wasn’t
sure how much longer I had before I just starved to death out here. I
tried to get sleep that night, but the screaming was just too loud, I
could see shadows moving over the windows, but I didn’t dare look. When
the sun began to come up, the screaming stopped. I waited a while before
I walked out. I tried to run, but just like all the others, nothing. I
kept ending up right where I started. But I hoped if I could leave
today, maybe there would be a chance, nothing good happened to anyone
else who made it to the second day.

After the exhaustion began to kick in, I decided to look around at the
clearing. I saw a section with a large drop off, maybe thirty feet
below, I decided I had nothing to lose, and so I climbed down. I
eventually reached the bottom, only falling on the last five feet,
thankfully I didn’t break anything, and I kept walking and walking. I
eventually reached a small road, I’ve been following it for the past two
hours, until I finally got enough service to post this. I’m going to try
to make it to the nearest person as soon as possible, but it’s getting
dark.

I hear it, it’s getting closer, I must go, if you’re Ethan or James, I
just want you to know, I didn’t abandon you.
