Dealing with your loved one’s passing is hard, and dealing with
everything that comes after makes it harder. My great-grandmother Mercy
had crossed the rainbow bridge a month ago, at the age of 106 years old;
my mother and I had arranged the funeral and service for her as soon as
the retirement home notified us. 

It was hard for me to go through the process with my mother, but she
took great-nan Mercy’s death even worse than I did; for the sake of her
mental health she wanted to go cross-country travailing, with great-gran
Mercy’s ashes, before dumping her in her favorite spot on planet
earth—Broadway Street, Manhattan; where she can ‘Rest among the stars’
according to her will.

I wasn’t entirely sure how my mother was going to dump her ashes in the
middle of a busy road, but I had my own troubles to deal with, one of
the nurses called me while I was on set, referring to an extra box of
belongings I had missed; luckily I was on break and they didn’t need me
behind the cameras until a few hours, since my role in the show was
secondary. 

I truly was grateful to finally land a gig that paid; in the cesspool
that is Los Angeles, some would sit for years being out of work before
deciding to quit altogether.

I thanked the nurse after getting the extra box to bring back into my
car. I checked what was inside as I sat on the driver’s seat; it was a
bunch of miscellaneous stuff: an old photobook, plastic plant lilies, a
dusty teddy bear my mother got Mercy many Christmases ago, and a shoe
box with a bunch of bulky brick-like tapes.  I examined them for a
while, until I remembered what these were called—VHS tapes, where each
had names written on the side;

The Garden of Prudence (1938)

Lavender Melancholy (1942)

Mother, may I? (1949)

A gasp escaped my lips before I finished thoroughly checking, as I
realized what the box of tapes was; immediately, I called my mother.

“Mom, hi. Is this a bad time?”

No answer, but from what I could hear on the other line, she was on the
road. A familiar, yet obnoxious series of honks blasted through my
phone’s speakers.

“Talullah? Yeah, I’m in the middle of the road.”

“God, why’d you pick up?!” I said,

“Why’d you call?” She retorted,

I huffed, “Can you pull over? I have something to ask.”

“No, I’m not gonna pull over; I’m on a highway—are you insane?”

She proceeded to yell at whoever was on her way, followed by another
wave of honking, making it clear to me it was her from the start. “It’s
about great-gran, I found a bunch of tapes, and I think these are the
movies she did—the ones you two would tell me about,” I said,

Listening to the other line, I observed as my mother’s voice went silent
for a moment, until she spoke again; “Yeah… Yeah she uh—she kept them in
her special drawer, always bitched about not touching it too—oh, sorry
nan.”

I bit my lip before taking a breath, bracing to ask; ”Would she get mad
if I watched them? I’ve never… actually seen any of her films, and I
could… really use the motivation right now.”

“Sweetie, I don’t know if that’s a good idea; she just passed.” She
spoke softer; it almost felt weird listening to her, with her voice
rasping from regular smoking.

“I know, but… I think I can handle it.”

The silence for a minute felt deafening before my mother at the end of
the line sighed. “What do you think, Nan?”

“Mom?” I called, with furrowed brows.

Another moment had passed before my mother spoke again; “I think you’ve
got her blessing.”

“You’re nuts, stop talking to the urn.”

“Brat.”

We exchanged love and goodbyes before hanging up, and I pulled out of
the parking lot to drive back to the studio immediately. During the
drive, I already felt this weight of… everything, slightly being lifted
off of my chest. Upon arrival, I smiled at the cardboard box sitting
quietly in the backseat before shutting the door; as I left, I
practically bid it farewell to wish myself luck before going back
inside, hoping nobody had noticed I was gone in the first place.

After the filming, I got back home and set Mercy’s box aside. I thought
about the tapes once more, wondering how on earth I was going to watch
any of them when I didn’t have the machine-thingy, nor did I know where
to even get one without having to buy a whole player for hundreds of
bucks. But I decided it was a problem for another day; I still had to
wake up early that morning to bake some goods to deliver. It’s quite
impossible to survive living in Los Angeles without multiple sources of
income, and luckily for me, tons of college kids didn’t have the time to
bake for themselves.

With multiple batches of cookies baked and ready for delivery, I had
reviewed the addresses of my customers to double-check the packages,
because god forbid I mix up their orders. As I reread one of the
client’s addresses, I realized one of them lived in Santa Monica—my
boyfriend Harris had recently begun working in an old video store near
the pier, and I thought about making a surprise visit.

The deliveries went smoothly, and with a pocket full of cash I drove
down to the pier; Harris was in the shop, which looked relatively empty.
I knocked on the store window, startling him as he almost dropped his
phone.

“What the fuck?” He mouthed, as I laughed.

“Sorry, I just thought I’d stop by, since I had a delivery nearby.
How’s…” I trailed, glancing around the empty store, where nothing but
rows of boxed CDs, vintage merchandise, and memorabilia filled the
space, along with the thumping of indie rock from the speakers.

“It’s fine, obviously I haven’t been busy. Mainly tourists have stopped
by; a German couple came by an hour ago thinking it was a sex shop.”
Harris said, following me down the aisles as I browsed through different
CDs, vinyls and—VHS tapes.

“You guys sell these?” I asked, grabbing a movie off a shelf.

“Yeah, most buy them as collector’s pieces, so they’re kind of pricey.”

“Do you guys sell the… machine-thingy?”

Harris paused; he furrowed his brows, looking at me with a confused
look. “The what—VCR?”

“Yeah, those. Where you shove these tapes inside.”

He looked defeated, yet chuckled before gesturing for me to follow him
to the back room. The place looked dingier than the shop; grey concrete
walls matched the floor where boxes were stacked on one another near
metal shelves of other boxes with various labels. Harris flicked another
light open, making the dark space brighter, before revealing a sheet
draped on a TV stand.

“Viola—our break room TV; we don’t actually use it, but I guess the old
staff did.” He pulled the cloth, revealing the different machines below,
before pointing at one with the thickest closed opening fit for an
entire tape. “This is the VCR.”

“Does it even work?” I asked,

“Yeah,” He spoke, though his tone seemed unsure.

I took a closer look before blowing off the collected dust. ”How much is
it?”

“Do you plan on buying it?”

“Depends.”

“Why do you even need it? You didn’t even know what it was.” He asked as
I stood glancing up at him.

“I have some… tapes to review,” I answered, unable to meet his gaze.

He smirked, “Can I come?”

“No, it’s personal—it’s not that kind of tape!”

He laughed at my outburst as he backed away. “It’s fine, you can borrow
it.”

“Are you sure? You’re not gonna get in trouble, will you?”

Harris shook his head. “No one’s gonna look for it, at least not for a
while.”

After teaching me how to use the VCR and how I could set it up at home,
he helped me bring the machine back into my car. I had to show him the
box of VHS tapes, explaining I was going to go through my
great-grandmother’s catalog of films, since he still hadn’t stopped
insinuating my plans were anything but explicit.

“Thanks, I owe you one,” I said, as he stood by the open car window.

“You do.” He replied,

I rolled my eyes before turning back to the empty shop. “You should get
back inside before the Germans invade again.”

After leaving him on the curb, I watched from the rear-view mirror as he
went back inside.

Bringing the heavy machinery up to my apartment was the real challenge;
it took everything in me not to slam the whole thing down on the floor
near my TV. Finding a proper place to prop it on, I made space on the
stand, setting aside trinkets and a few books before placing the VCR
properly on the surface.

“HDMI… converter… red, yellow, white,” I muttered to myself as I
reiterated Harris’ instructions, while setting it up myself.

I backed away, realizing it worked, cheering to myself as my screen
turned blue like the one in the shop, as the VCR’s lights had turned on.
Excited, I went back into the storage closet to fetch the shoe box,
already wondering which movie to start first.

Playing the first tape—I believe was called ‘Dusk of the Midnight Sun’,
the movie was shot around the sixties; great-gran Mercy looked…
beautiful, she’s always been so beautiful, but to see her in film around
her late 40s was something else; her youthful glow was evident on
screen, but her demeanor hadn’t changed, she still had an aura most
women could only truly attain through wisdom and grace as they age and
mature. I could only admire her from the screen, going from one movie to
another, skimming through scenes only to get to parts where Mercy had a
role.

Mercy’s screen time fluctuated; sometimes she had a lot of speaking
roles, others she’d only be in the movie for about five minutes before
reappearing in the end after the climax.

Beginning to tire, I packed up the tapes, promising I’d watch the rest
another time, but as I opened the box again I realized I forgot to take
out one tape. I checked the title at the side—Waterlilies (1926)

Pausing for a moment, I thought in my head how old Mercy could’ve been
during 1926; it didn’t take long for me to realize she would’ve been
six, although judging by the filming and the process of releases, she
may well have been five. I was pondering deeply about the implications,
not fully realizing I was already placing the VHS tape into the VCR.

I sighed, ‘One more movie, then we head to bed.’

Shrugging, I started the movie, letting it play through as usual; pretty
quickly it dawned on me that the movie was a silent film. I almost
palmed myself on the head—of course it was; it was made a hundred years
ago.

The movie was quiet; the occasional text on the black screen would
appear to dictate what the actors and actresses were saying; I was about
to skim again until Mercy appeared in the next scene. Immediately, I
recognized her: the cheeky smile and short curls; it resembled Mom in
the family photo books.

She skipped around the field before waving towards the camera and
disappearing behind the hill; the scene cuts to six kids in the
orphanage. From then on, it made sense to me that the movie was a
children’s film. Abigail—Mercy’s character had a significant role; a
group of children, about four boys and two girls, were a part of the
orphanage Abigail was in, but one day she goes missing, and Abigail’s
friends begin to look for her in the park, but they come across.

This… Pipo character—I felt unsettled as soon as he appeared on screen,
probably due to mimes just looking incredibly creepy to me, but that’s
probably a personal preference, and not to mention he was black and
white too, so there’s that.

I watched the mime perform in the park, while the kids tried to figure
out what Pipo was saying through his actions; eventually, they went on a
wild goose chase to find Abigail. And for what felt like an hour-long
filler, they found Abigail under the park bridge, staying with a
homeless woman who transformed into a fairy, before giving the children
candies and telling them that it was a test of friendship and their
loyalty to find Abigail.

As the movie concluded, I looked for the remote, thinking about how I
found the whole premise of the film mildly amusing, although if I
weren’t watching for my great-grandmother, it would’ve been an utter
waste of time.

After fetching the old plastic remote from the couch, I turned around to
see that their credits scene was the children, along with the other
orphan extras, dancing in circles on a field; they sang and spun
together. Amidst the children was Mercy, still in her clothes as
Abigail. The second half of the credit scene cuts to the children
singing in a row; Mercy was in the middle of the 2nd row, singing, but
no sound ever came out of the speakers, while they all sang in a sunny
black and white field.

Pipo reappeared, standing at the side, clapping and singing along with
the children; I felt unease at his inserting himself into the frame, he
bothered me so much I hadn’t realized that the children began
disappearing one by one, it wasn’t noticeable, not until a few minutes
in when the whole top row of children that stood on the elevated part of
the hill dispersed completely.

“The lilies claim the children of the sea.” The sound crackled on the
speakers. Followed by music and the voices of the children singing
merrily, until only the man was left on the screen.

“From the sea, to the sky, they return to mother with a wave of
goodbye.” Pipo smiled, tipping his cap, smiling at the camera as I felt
shivers all over my body. I didn’t wait for the film to end; I was
already pressing the remote to close the TV, but the music continued to
play on the speakers.

“In the world full of angels, our angel is you. Hug us tight and
closely, kiss us goodnight too; we love our mothers, and our fathers
too, but mommy we hold dear, when cold we come to you.” The song
continued; the cacophony of children’s voices surrounded the living
room, while the TV had frozen to a single frame—Pipo.

“Mercy has finally come home.” The man spoke until I finally ejected the
tape from the player, letting silence permeate my apartment. My hands
trembled while holding onto the tape; I froze as I replayed in my head
what had just happened, and for a brief moment, as I looked at the
speakers on the wall, I remembered the sound of a cry in the background
of the music playing earlier.

I couldn’t keep dwelling—I shoved it back into the box.

There was nothing inherently weird, I told myself. Perhaps the VCR had
just glitched from a period of no use to being used for multiple hours
straight. The machine was old after all; I kept telling myself the same
rhetoric as I set the box back into the storage closet, and with a click
of a lock, I did my best to try and move on from it.

Out of sight, out of my mind.

My room door was locked tonight, as I caught up on customers from
earlier, reading their reviews, and how they reassured me they’ll be
recommending me to friends and family; that felt like such a reprieve,
and I was thankful to see those messages. I wouldn’t have been able to
sleep if I hadn’t.

It felt peaceful, as I had my head down, plush into the pillows of my
bed. When I awoke, realizing it was still late in the evening, I turned
over to fall deep into sleep again.

Thud!

I jolted awake.

The sound came from outside my room and down the hall. My hand reached
for the phone on the nightstand as I was about to call Harris, and
possibly the police. If someone had broken into my house, I don’t think
I would be able to handle it on my own.

Thud!

Another sound followed before a brief silence, and the sound of my TV’s
opening chime. I felt my heart sink into my stomach as I heard it;

‘In the world full of angels, our angel is you. Hug us tight and
closely, kiss us goodnight too…’

I immediately texted Harris to see if he was awake; I even started to
call him, but he wouldn’t pick up. It was four in the morning; I knew he
was deep asleep. “Fuck.” I muttered to myself, hearing my own voice
tremble.

The song continued; I tried to ignore it, I tried to go back to sleep,
shaking my head as I was practically on the verge of tears, as the loop
of the sound was slowly driving me insane in my room.

I had to turn it off.

I knew I shouldn’t go outside; I knew it should’ve been the last thing I
should’ve done, but the song was becoming unbearable. I had to—I needed
to turn it off.

My footsteps creaked against the floor on each step as I walked into the
hall quietly; at the very end was the living room, the dark apartment’s
only source of light in that moment, until I found the nearest light
switch to flick it on, and another, and another, until I reached the
living room, immediately flicking on every light I could get my hands
on.

Until I turned towards the TV, it was on, but the screen was cobalt
blue, with nothing but the sound of the song playing in the speakers. I
desperately pulled the whole extension chord’s head off the wall,
shutting off every appliance connected, including the VCR. Although I
did see a slight spark of electricity from the forceful pull, it got the
job done; my apartment was completely quiet again.

But I caused another problem for myself; the living room was pitch dark
again from the short circuit.

As I stood in the middle of the living room by myself in the dark, I
froze in the very spot I sat on earlier, as I heard a voice speak from
behind me; the same voice from earlier.

“The lilies claim the children of the sea.”

Pipo.

“Mercy is with us now.”

I ran into my room, not bothering to look behind me despite the feeling
of a figure trailing. I slammed the door shut with a lock, as I was back
in the warm, dimly lit confines of my room; the rechargeable desk lamp
was worth all the pennies now.

But I still couldn’t feel safe; I could still hear his voice from the
other side of the door, as I was practically about to burst into tears.

It repeated the phrases again and again like a broken radio, the voice
didn’t sound clear or even natural, but even though it sounded far away
I could sense it—the figure stood right in front of my door, as its
nails dragged across the wood, trailing high, then low, repeating the
same motion slowly… as though it floated behind the door, the tip of its
shoes occasionally tapping against the wooden floor.

My heart leapt seeing my phone ring with Harris’ name on the screen; I
picked up;

“What’s going on? Are you okay?” He asked, groggy yet with worry in his
voice.

“P—Please come, please come. Someone’s… something’s in my apartment.”

“Someone’s broke in?!” I heard him shuffle off of his bed.

“Just wait, I’m coming. Did you call the fucking cops?!”

I didn’t answer, still listening to the sound of Harris shuffling
through his room. I shook my head as though he could see me.

“Don’t come to the front door… use my window please, I’m in my room… I
don’t want to go outside.”

“Okay, okay. Just stay there—actually better yet get out if you can,
through the window.”

I sobbed again but tried to contain it through my palms as I heard
another thud, but this time it was against my door.

“I’m coming, I’m coming, just stay put, okay?”

He stayed on the line with me, constantly talking to update his
whereabouts, while I curled up in my bed, listening to… that thing… roam
my apartment; I could still hear thuds and rummaging as though… it was
looking for something.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

I barely contained a scream as I heard the loud bangs towards another
door not too far from my room. The door adjacent to mine—the storage
closet.

The window finally slid open, revealing Harris and his metal bat. I
immediately jumped out of the bed to run towards him; “It’s out there,
in the hall.” I leaned against him as he held my trembling frame. We
parted while he geared up to open the bedroom door. “Wait…” I muttered,
as he froze.

“Let’s just go. I don’t want it to hurt you…”

“It?” He asked, glancing back at me with a confused expression. “No,
they might be stealing your shit right now. What do you mean?”

He unlocked the door before barging out as I called out for him, as I
followed him out to the hall, stopping in my tracks to see that the
lights were all back on just as it was before; my apartment looked kept,
nothing was out of place, not even a single strand of fallen hair was
moved from the floor.

Harris went room to room, checked every cabinet, even those that
couldn’t possibly fit anyone, except the storage closet I usually had
locked.

Nothing.

“I—I swear… someone was…”

“Nobody was here, Tal.” Harris sighed as we stood in the living room.

“No…no! Didn’t you hear the bangs from my phone?” I asked, as he shook
his head.

I felt like I was going crazy. I clutched my head, feeling another wave
of tears before he hushed me, taking me into his arms. “It’s okay… It’s
okay.” He whispered, as my head leaned against his shoulder, my eyes
focused on the couch behind him.

“You’re okay… It’s fine. If this was your way of making me come over,
then you’re a better actress than I thought.” He chuckled as I rested on
him. I didn’t have the energy to rebut back, but his joke eased me
enough to calm down.

My eyes trailed from the cushions on the couch to the top hat sitting on
the armrest.

I pulled back from his hold as I slowly backed away, as he stood in the
same spot. I laughed nervously, shaking my head. “Is something wrong?”
He asked,

“N—No, I…” I stammered, standing right next to my door, ready to bolt
back inside.

“I never told you I was an actress.”
