It started a few weeks back. A weird smell was coming from my fridge. I
searched through it, looking for the cause of the stench. After a few
minutes of looking, i found a box of tomatoes, covered in mold. I found
it strange, since i only had gotten the tomatoes a few days back, but i
didn’t think much of it. Maybe they were a bad box. I threw them away,
shrugged at it, and forgot about it.

Until, the next week. I had bought fresh fruit and vegetables just the
night before, but when I woke up and stepped out of my bedroom, the same
smell from the previous week filled my kitchen. I opened the fridge, and
was shocked by the sight. Almost all of the fruit and veggies I had
bought, not even 12 hours ago, was molding, or in some other state of
rot.

I took all of it out, tipped it into the trash, and took the trash out
to throw out in the yard. When I got back, I deep cleaned the entire
fridge, making sure nothing that could cause the food to rot was left.

At first, I was kind of shocked, but also concerned. After cleaning out
the fridge, I decided to head to the store again, but to complain about
the food. Of course, they were selling food that was already rotting,
that was the only logical explanation.

When I arrived at the store, I told the cashier about my situation. She
looked at me with a tired expression, and sent me to the manager.
Strangely enough, I was told that no other customer had had complains on
the matter. I got my money back from the purchase, plus a 50$ gift card
for the inconvenience. Pleased enough, I went home, and decided to try
and shop at a different store.

I took the car, and drove to a large supermarket in the next town over.
I did my usual shopping, paid, and drove back home.

When I got back, I immediately checked for any rot or mold on the food
before making some of it into a sallad. A few hours later, I passed out
from exhaustion and slept until morning.

When I woke up, a strange smell was coming from my mouth. I could
vaguely recognise it, but wasn’t able to put my finger on from where. I
excused it for morning breath, and walked over to the bathroom to brush
my teeth and hopefully the horrid smell away. The face I saw in the
mirror made me scream in horror, it looked as if black and whited
greenish mold was growing on my face. I hurried to try to wash it off
but got even more horrified as I saw my skin falling off in pieces.

My first thought was to run into the kitchen. I had to check the food.
When I entered the kitchen a smell hit me like a train, and I realised
where I recognised the smell of my breath from. It was the rot. I opened
the fridge, and all of my freshly bought food fell out, in different
stages of rot. I screamed again.

As I am writing this, I’m not sure if I have much left, the mold is
spreading.
