You could hear a pin drop.

Golden afternoon light filtered through the warehouse windows which were
perched high up near the ceiling. The room was bathed in its orange
glow.

The floor was messy and littered – puddles of water lay in random spots
and scraps of paper lay all over.

The walls were covered in colorful graffiti and torn down posters.

The warehouse was deserted.

Tranquil, peaceful and serene despite the rundown nature.

The description couldn’t have been further from the truth.

A solitary unconscious figure was tightly bound in the middle of the
warehouse. Slumped forward, her light red hair glinted in the light.

She shifted faintly and as if perturbed by some unknown force, Hannah’s
eyes slowly flicked open and she blinked a couple of times as they
gradually adjusted to the light. Surveying the scene around her – she
felt confused.

A gag was in her mouth and the bitter taste running down her throat made
her want to throw up.

She was unable to remember where she had been or how she had gotten
there.

Blinking again, she felt a sharp stab of pain pierce her skull. A tear
rolled down her cheek and was followed by a few more. Taking a deep
breath, she tried to focus and piece together what had happened.

“My name is Hannah…”

She thought to herself through gritted teeth,

“I am 25, I love my family, I hate sports.”

Maybe if she remembered the small things – everything would flood back
to her.

Hannah could feel frustration creeping up on her. Combined with the pain
from her headache and the sharp wire cutting into her skin, it was
taking everything not to scream herself hoarse.

But she remembered her training.

And what would Paul say?

Oh Paul.

His green eyes twinkling like little stars behind his wire rimmed
glasses.

His short black hair and beautiful smile which showed off a perfect row
of white teeth.

Oh Paul.

Small fragments of memory began trickling back.

It was Friday. Work at the Recovery Space Center had been slow and a
couple of them had decided to grab a drink.

She had called Paul and he was stuck at work – following up on a case
about a Jonah.

One drink had turned into two, then three, a line of cocaine, another
line. Then…

Nothing.

She just could not remember.

She closed her eyes and tried to exhale slowly.

Opening her eyes, she saw a figure standing across her at the other side
of the warehouse.

Tall and dressed in black, it stared at Hannah.

With green eyes like little stars behind wire rimmed glasses.

The figure began walking towards her, footsteps echoing off the wall
loudly.

Hannah felt panic begin to well up in her as the figure reached her.

Short black hair and a perfect row of teeth looked back at her.

And as a clawed hand reached out to stroke her cheek, all that she could
fathom was “Oh Paul…”

And almost as if someone had turned the lights off, the world faded into
inky silence.
