Part 1

“Where is she?” dad asked.

“Do you mean my sister or…?” I replied.

“Don’t be a smart ass, you know what I mean Dan.” Dad said.

My father stood at the entrance of my room with an exasperated look of
concern. His arms were cross and while he was a large built man, he also
looked incredibly vulnerable. The helplessness he must have been feeling
for me and Amber was likely overwhelming, especially with how close this
whole thing took place after what happened to mom. I sat on the edge of
my bed, pretending to be distracted at an old toy I kept since
childhood. I felt shame. Its not like this was any of my fault yet I
still felt weirdly responsible. How’d I know the forest was haunted by
the spirit of a dead woman from centuries ago? How was I suppose to know
what Amber was planning?

Its this damn mark on my neck. If only this mark didn’t appear. If only…
If only I wasn’t chosen like Amber. Still I felt terrible. I didn’t want
to put anymore strain on my family. I shouldn’t have to put anymore
strain on my family; on dad.

“She’s still outside. Down between the backyard fence and the tree
line.” I said.

“That’s good, the seals and charms seem to be holding up. Has she been
doing anything differently?” He asked.

“Not really, she just stares at me and then at wherever Amber is at in
the house. I- I think she attempts at playing peek-a-boo sometimes. Its
really creepy.” I said.

My dad sat next to me on the bed, placed his arm on my shoulder. I just
gave him a hug in return.

“It’ll be okay, we’ll figure this out. Brian said he should coming over
in a couple hours to go over what he dug up and discuss plans moving
forward.” He said.

“I want you to know I’m not angry or anything at you. Maybe your sister
a little. But the both of you didn’t know. I blame myself. We meant to
tell both of you at some point but with what happened to your mother and
the increased workloads at the mill. Its not an excuse I know I ju-”

“Its okay dad. Like you said, we’ll figure something out.” I said.

He got up. The bed creaked and shifted back to what it once was. He
looked over everything in my room then out my window. He can’t see her
but I can tell, on some level, that he can sense her. That look of dread
he tries to mask makes it obvious.

“I’m going to check on your mother. Then have another conversation with
your sister.” He said.

“How is she?” I asked.

“She’s holding on. She’s got real spirit. Its where you sister gets it.”
He said.

Its been about three days since we got back from Kirishito Hills. Since
that night. Me and my sister have been barred from leaving the house.
The whole place was blessed, wrapped in hordes of seals, and charms were
placed everywhere. From protection to distraction, every possible means
at keeping her spirit off and away were put in place. I watch her
frustrated patrols at night, poking and prodding for any weaknesses, any
openings. She’s scarier at night. Her features get more exaggerated and
she gets this look of pure malice stretched across her face.

She’s just watching now. Looking directly at me, her head slightly
waving side to side. A smile breaks across her face every time I look at
her. I hate it. I feel sick. I feel like I’m being hunted and the
predator is waiting for me to step outside my little cage.

The school we go to has been told we’re sick. That we got something
while out over the camping trip. Not everyone in the town knows about
her dad explained. Not everyone is aware. Only those that need to know.
My dad, Brian, and about a dozen others that live in town. My sister is
suspicious about the whole thing. She’s made it a personal mission to
dig up everything she can on this town, Natsuki, and whatever else she
can connect. I hear her fighting with dad a lot now. Yelling about how
“things don’t add up”, “why’s so much history been scrubbed about this
town” or “What aren’t you telling me?”

Not me though, I’m more than content with putting this behind me and
going back to my life. There can be things I don’t have to know and this
is one of them. Thankfully, I still have access to the internet. Online
videos, games, and chatting with my friends have kept me sane for the
last 72 hours.

11:23am:

(Group)William: You want to play something when I get home from school?

(Group)Me: Sure, I might be down for something.

(Group)Dilan: Yo we guna play that new Breakforce game???

(Group)Me: Nah can’t, don’t have a copy.

(Group)William: Another round of Deepdelver Millennium then.

(Group)Me: I don’t think I’m in the mood for that either sorry.

(Group)Dilan: You haven’t been in the mood for much lately.

(Group)William: Well he is pretty sick.

DM (William>Me): How are you holding up? Is she still, y’know?

(Group)Dilan: I suppose you’re right. I’ll come by to drop off your
homework later. Get well soon brotha.

(Group)Me: Thanks Dilan.

DM (Me>William): Yeah she’s still there, what’s the word on your end?

DM (William>Me): Family is tense as shit. Town feels off as well. Had a
meeting with some weird priests to cleanse the house. And bless me.

DM (Me>William): I think I might be next on their list. I hope this
works. I can’t believe I’m saying this but I miss school. Mostly just
hanging out with you guys.

DM (William>Me): Man I hope so too. I think they’re saving the heavy
firepower for you guys. I saw Brian with them. I don’t know if I should
be telling you this but I saw some weird mannequins in the back of
Brian’s truck.

DM (Me>William): Whatever it takes.

DM (William>Me): Just be careful. I can’t figure out what they have
planned and my parents won’t tell me anything.

DM (Me>William): I will.

DM (Me>William): Hey I’ll be right back I think my dad is calling me.

I worked my way downstairs and into the living room. There I could see
my dad working on something in the kitchen. Looked like he was prepping
something for mom to eat. My appearance surprised him.

“Whoa kiddo, you got light steps you know that.” He said.

“Surprise!” I joked. “But really, I came down cause you called me. Need
help with meal prep for mom or something?” I asked.

“I didn’t call you.” He answered with a confused look.

“But, no, you did. I was just chatting with Will and, I don’t
understand.” I said.

“Well I’m good down here, just head back up to your room and keep
chilling with your friends.” He said while trying to make some goofy
reassuring pose.

“O-okay.” I said.

As I went back up I noticed my sister waving for me from the crack of
her room’s door. I went over to see what the deal was and she quickly
ushered me into her room. The pungent smell of incense mixed with weed
was overwhelming and made my eyes water. She was very serious. Had a
large document on her computer open and everything. It was a collage of
news reports, web pages, and various other things she found online
regarding the Stiltmother. By the look on her face I could tell she
wanted to talk about Natsuki, but more likely, have someone who she
could open up and share in her discoveries.

“What do you want this time?” I asked her.

“What’s with the attitude?” she snapped back.

“Nothing, just here to indulge in my sister’s ramblings again.” I said.

“First, its not ramblings, its investigation. Second, excuse me for
trying to figure out what the hell is actually going on here.” She said.

“Figure nothing, the adults got everything under control. There’s
nothing to investigate. We’ll all likely participate in some ritual and
then go back to our old lives.” I pleaded.

“Brian is a descendant of one the families that killed her.” She said
sternly.

“W-what?” I replied.

“Yeah, It was pretty hard to find but I dug up some really old articles
about the town and about how it was settled.” she said.

I was curious. “Go on.”

She rotated her laptop screen and began to show me what she had found.

“See this here?”

She pointed to a really old article from the 1830s. It was a scan. It
looked like parts of it had been burnt up or damaged. The gist of the
writing seemed to relate to a band of Japanese immigrants fleeing
persecution from their homeland and being welcomed by the town’s mayor.
The hook came from a burnt sentence that read “The mayor, Thomas Lassel
has agreed to welcome the___ on the basis___ that they perf__ a yearly
rit__ which they claim___ and thus would benefit our___”. When she
noticed my interest growing she continued to link various missing
persons reports throughout the town’s history and a growing attempt to
bury stories and reports regarding the ‘Stiltmother’, a name that came
about over a century later in the 1950s.

“Now look at this.”

She showed me a very faded, very old looking photo of a group of men and
women surrounding a woman gagged, bound, and blindfolded on a chair. She
looked obviously distraught and beaten. Everyone else looked like they
were just posing, like hunters, over a big game they just successfully
poached.

“Do you think that’s her?” I asked.

“Maybe.” she replied.

“I couldn’t get names for anyone except for this gentlemen.” She said
while pointing to a man at the far left side of the group. He wore very
formal attire and had a long mustache and sideburns that carried into a
well trimmed bread. “That’s Daluth Campbell, Brian’s ancestor. Whatever
this town’s early populace cooked up long ago resulted in the death of
Natsuki and her children. And who knows how many others since.” She
concluded.

“But why and for what purpose?” I asked.

“I don’t know yet…” She said in defeat. “I know that there have been a
lot of successful businesses from here but the connections for that seem
a little weak.”

She sat for a moment. “I don’t think I trust the adults. I don’t think I
can go through with whatever they are planning for us.”

“We can’t just have her haunt us or whatever it is that she wants. She
could kill us Amber.” I said.

“I don’t know, part of me doesn’t think she will.” She said.

“What about dad?” I pressed.

“I don’t know either. He works with Brian and was quick to understand
the severity of the situation and believe what was going on.” She
paused. “I don’t know.”

“Hey kids can you come down here?” Our father called.

We looked at each other then made our way down to the living room where
Brian, Dad, and three other individuals had gathered to greet us. The
strange men were garnished in intricate long robes of black and white.
The layers of silk were thick and ornate. They were clean shaved and
wore a band around their heads that had a multi colored fan tied to the
front. They were also maybe in their 50s or earlier 60s. They sat
focused and didn’t even acknowledge our arrival. Dad guided us to sit on
the couch in front of them. They titled their heads and examined us.
Whispered a few words between each other and then whispered to Brian. He
explained that the Stiltmother had placed a possession mark on us and
intended to abduct us to her “realm” as a “replacement”

“A replacement for what?” Amber asked. She knew the answer.

“Her children.” Brian said plainly.

We didn’t say anything. Amber wasn’t surprised and our father seemed
deeply distressed. He pleaded with them on what to do but didn’t receive
much reassurance.

“We have a plan, its an old ritual. We’re still gathering a few
ingredients. We also need a few things on your end. “ Brian said.

“Anything.” Dad pleaded.

“We need hair, blood, some skin, and a deeply personal item from each of
your children.” Brian replied.

We all looked shocked. What kind of black magic were these people
getting us into? Our father didn’t seemed phased and dug out some
scissors; intent on cutting a piece of hair off the each of us.

“Hold on. Explain what you plan to do with all this.” My sister said in
protest.

“Were going to created decoys.” Brian said. “Tie your essence to some
large mannequins and, hopefully, she takes them instead of you.”

“There’s still the matter of gathering certain medicinal herbs and
stones from her homeland; a process we’ve already started. It should
take only a few days. I recommend sharing a room and keeping watch over
each other. These seals and charms we placed around your house will
deter her and protect you for awhile but they won’t last forever.” He
continued.

They cut our hair, drew some of our blood, and shaved a piece of skin
off our arms. It was painful. The monks then wrapped them in some cloth
and said a prayer. They departed with Brian but my sister gave chase.
Stopping at the door. Yelling out.

“I know about your connection to this town. I know about your ancestor
Daluth.” She called.

He stopped to acknowledge her. Turning around he looked deeply mournful
but cracked a deceitful smile. It was haunting. “I only want to help. To
keep people safe from my families past mistakes. I assure you.” he said.

They left. At our father’s request we followed the orders given. We
moved into my room for the first night and dad placed seals on the door.
We were told if we needed to go somewhere in the house at night, to wake
the other up and go on a buddy system. Kitchen for a snack? Doing it
together. Bathroom run. Yep same thing. The air was growing heavy and
night was quickly settling its cushioned shadows over all the fields and
hills. I looked out.

She was patrolling. I could see her growing frustration. Her anger.

Night 1:

“Wake up.” My sister nudged. I was asleep on the floor while she took
the bed. In the dark I could tell she was distressed. Her eyes wide and
scanning the room. She pointed to the window.

“Go check.” she silently demanded.

“What why?” I responded.

“I heard something, just check if shes still outside.”

I begrudgingly got up and wondered to the window. What I saw shot me
full of cold adrenaline.

“The fence, its broken.” I muttered.

Shunk… Shunk… Shunk…

It was out in the hall. Knocking on doors. I ran to check if my door was
locked. We then both dashed under the bed and hid behind some boxes I
kept under there.

Knock knock

It was at our door.

“Am… ber”

“Da… n”

“Mom?” Amber whispered. She held her breath.

It couldn’t be. It sounded just like her.

“Please come ou… t.”

“I’m feeling… better.”

“I w… ant to see my babies”

I don’t know why but I felt compelled. A yearning told me to open the
door. I might’ve just done so if Amber didn’t grasp me by the arm and
held me in place.

She stared directly into my soul, pleading silently.

“Plea.. se come out”

“Please c…ome out”

the voice grew quicker and angrier.

“Please come out Please come out Please come out Please come out.”

Pounding at the door. We just stayed under the bed terrified, shaking.

Day arrived. I don’t remember it happening. Maybe we passed out or
something. Covered in dust we crawled from under my bed. Hesitant to
open the door we listened for anything that could stop us from turning
the knob. Amber checked the window.

“Dads outside, seems upset about the fence. He’s on the phone with
someone.” She said.

“Kids, time for breakfast.”

It was dad’s voice from inside the house. Panic and realization
followed.

“What do we do?” Amber asked.

“Text dad with your phone. The real one will respond.” I replied.

Amber pulled her phone from her pocket and wrote him a text. She watched
the one outside while I listened to the one in the kitchen.

“What do you mean there are two dads?” the one in the kitchen called
out. We both sighed relief and called him to bring us the food to our
rooms. It was eggs, french toast, and some bacon. He made a smile out of
the eggs and bacon. He looked tired from worry and stress. Heavy bags
were under his eyes. It wasn’t just us who had a rough night. Told us he
just had nightmares. He tried not to worry us.

“Look outside.” I said.

He set the food down and peaked beyond the glass. He kept a serious look
but sweat began to stream down the side of his face.

“Stay in here. Its just one more day. Whatever you hear tonight, don’t
open your door.” He said.

“You see it right?” we asked.

“Yeah. And I think it sees me.” He replied.

We all spent the day in my room. dad went to wheel mom in here as well,
just to be safe. It took some time to move all her equipment. It was
nice to see her, despite her condition. I held her hand. I could tell by
looking at her that dad was doing a good job keeping up with her needs.
She squeezed back and I felt a rush of emotions.

It was a long day. To fill the hours, dad read, Amber watched stuff on
her phone, and mom rested. I just chatted with my friends and played
silently. Time went by slowly. Felt like a glacier cruising the seas. We
were just waiting for the crash.

Night 2:

We took turns keeping watch. Around 2 am, We could hear her wondering
the house. Wailing in her gargled pain. Calling out to us. The moonlight
coasted across everything in my room while we just stood like statues.
Quietly alert to the mournful intruder in our home. We could make out
the sounds of her steps. On the floor, then the walls, sometimes even
the ceilings. When it began to draw close dad moved to press his weight
against the door in a preemptive motion of reinforcement. His gaze
burned to what was just beyond my walls.

“Ah… hah… hah…”

The slow mangled laughter. It came from the unconscious body of mother.

In raspy inhales she spoke,

“I can see… it”

“So very soon”

“You two are mine”

Then banging on the door erupted. The fury just beyond manifesting in
rapid quakes. The door was cracking. Amber and I rushed to help dad hold
fast.

“You can’t keep my children from me.”

“They’re mine now.”

It felt like electricity racing through my body in that moment. I don’t
remember blacking out but I do remember waking to the sounds of Amber in
sorrowful tears. We were in the living room. Suddenly, It was morning.
The monks and Brian were there. I didn’t understand but then I saw dad.
His corpse was dangling from the ceiling, mouth pinned with a giant rail
spike. Blood draining from his mouth.

Brian solemnly said.

“We need to proceed with the ritual now.”
