I first noticed the sensation on a Sunday morning. My girlfriend,
Hannah, and I were at the local shopping centre because she wanted to
get some new clothes for our upcoming holiday. It was bad enough that I
had to accompany her around the shops on the weekend, but now my right
eye was twitching.

“Babe, are you okay? Your eyes seem a bit…funny,” Hannah said, reaching
for my chin. She turned my face to hers so she could have a better look.

“Maybe you should go and sit down, I won’t be much longer.”

She released me and gestured towards one of the many seating areas
filled with bored partners, all surrounded by colourful bags of
shopping.

I told her I would, and went to find a seat. My eye kept twitching.
Twitch, twitch, twitch. It was starting to get to me now. With every
twitch, I swear I could hear a rubbing sound in my head somewhere, like
something was moving about. But only if I really focused on it; it was
difficult with all of the different noises of the shopping centre
half-deafening me.

Later that day, I studied my eye in the mirror; it looked mostly normal
to me. Maybe it was a little redder than the other, but only slightly.
It hadn’t stopped twitching though, and this time I really could hear a
noise. It felt like there was something deep inside my head, shuffling
around. When I told Hannah, she gave me a concerned look and told me to
get more sleep.

I couldn’t sleep. I rolled around all night, listening for the noise in
my skull. Every eye twitch was followed up by the sound, building up to
a throbbing headache. I had work in the morning, as did Hannah. I ended
up lying on the sofa, early morning TV droning on in the background as I
tried to zone out enough to switch off.

“God, babe - you look awful,” Hannah tutted, yawning as she emerged from
our bedroom.

“Gee, thanks.”

“Don’t be silly, how is your eye? Don’t you think you should see
someone, a doctor? Oh—an eye doctor?”

“I probably should. I’ll see what I can do, I’ve got to get sorted for
work.”

I phoned up and made an appointment for after work, in the meantime, I
would go to my desk job and try to survive another mind-numbing day of
answering phones and checking files. Twitch, twitch, twitch.

I was exhausted, and staring at a screen for hours didn’t help. I
couldn’t hold a conversation with any of my coworkers, my mind
constantly switching focus to the shuffling noise in my head. I swore it
had gotten louder. Now, as well as shuffling there was the odd, wet,
clicking noise. It was the sound of cartilage moving within tissue. I
flew out of my seat, to the surprise of my fellow employees, and rushed
to the bathroom. I locked the door behind me.

Staring into the mirror, I started peeling back my eyelids, slowly,
careful to roll my eye side to side in case I missed anything. I could
see something for a split second. A black, thread-like object, emerging
from the back of my eyeball, almost like a hair. I went to pinch it
between my fingers, but a split second later it was gone. The sight
turned my stomach, and I gripped the basin as a hot sweat took over me.
I suppose at least they’ll be able to find whatever-it-is later at my
‘eye doctor’ appointment.

“Sir, from what I can see, there’s nothing wrong with your eye. No signs
of foreign bodies, no irritation. Vision seems fine. The twitching is
likely muscular- maybe from stress? You do seem rather stressed, sir,
Have you been getting much sleep lately?”

I sighed and threw my arms up at the doctor’s words. Absolutely typical,
not only had this appointment cost me money I could barely afford, it
was all for nothing.

“I’ve only not been getting much sleep since this bloody twitching
began! And the noise came with it, you can’t tell me it’s not connected.
There’s something in there. Can’t you give me an x-ray? Anything?”

“I can certainly put you on the waiting list, sir, you will need to come
back for that and it will cost you… Rest assured, I would have been able
to see this… supposed object you saw, if it were there. Eyes are good at
playing tricks at times.”

The doctor gave me the sort of expression that implied he was at once
worried for me and scared of me. I stood and threw on my coat.

“What a waste of time.”

That night I still couldn’t sleep. Hannah had suggested taking sleeping
pills, and I pretended to agree, but I wanted to be able to see if I
could get close to grabbing whatever was behind my eye myself. The eye
doctor had been useless after all. Twitch, twitch, twitch.

I held my eye open for as long as I could, I rolled it up and down, side
to side, hoping I could see whatever-it-was again. I tried to flush my
eye out with water, but all that caused was an ache. Just as I was about
to give up, there, from the edge of my eye, a skinny, black thread
emerged. The thread twitched, and then gave a violent jerk. I struck
with the tweezers, pinching it between them and tugging. The movement
caused a grotesque, squelching noise from deep within my skull as I
dragged the thing out of my eye socket by force. I hissed in pain and
gritted my teeth. My eye began to stream a river of tears down my face,
the eyeball turning an angry shade of pink. The thread had begun to
thicken the further it revealed itself, looking more like an insect’s
leg now. A spider maybe? Although it must have been enormous, it was
still going—

“What the hell are you doing!?” Hannah shrieked, her face contorted in
horror.

“Babe, you’re going to hurt yourself! Please, go to bed. You need to
sleep.”

“No, listen Hannah, I’ve got it this time. There’s a spider behind my
eye.”

“Stop it, there is not. You’re just tired. You’ve been working late,
maybe you need a break. Come on, come back to bed.”

“Fine.”

I let go with the tweezers; the spider was so quick it had already shot
back in. I could already hear it tunneling deeper. I knew that next
time, it was going to be a lot harder to catch, and a lot more painful,
because of this failed attempt.

Hannah fell back asleep quickly, her arm draped across my chest.
Luckily, she was a deep sleeper. I eased my way out from under her and
crept back to the bathroom. Twitch, twitch, twitch. I don’t care what
Hannah says, I’ve got to get rid of it somehow. I’m going to have to
pull the entire thing out.
