The biggest changes in life usually come about in unexpected ways. Back
when this all went down, I wasn’t expecting anything to impact my
day-to-day life. I was worrying about things like whether or not Marissa
was going to respond to my texts or ghost me for the fourth day in a
row. I was worried about whether or not I had to work an extra shift the
following week, or if I could take time off to go to a concert. That’s
the kind of thing I was thinking about, not whatever the hell was going
on with my kitchen counters.

I should take a moment to explain.

Back then, I was living in an apartment. The owner was having it
refurbished, but there’d been a shipment delay that caused a couple of
things to be delivered at a later date. For example, a new sink for the
bathroom. The landlord switched it while I was out. Next up was the
kitchen countertops.

They used to be this cheap, powdery, pressed-cork type of wood, but now
they’d been exchanged with slabs of stone. I didn’t even think about it
until I got home from work and saw the note on the door.

“Installation finished. We appreciate your patience!”

 

I barely even noticed. A kitchen counter is something you sort of take
for granted. It wasn’t until I made myself a sandwich that I realized
that, hell, these things were pretty neat. Smooth, polished, stone. It
felt nice to the touch. A little warm. Each was a distinctly different
piece, having varied shapes and patterns engrained in the stone.

The counter was split into four straight sections and a corner piece. I
dragged my hand across each one. My microwave and knife block were still
there, so they must’ve put everything back in place by hand. That was
nice of them.

As I got to the section at the far end, my thumb snagged on something.
I’m not entirely sure what it was, but it felt like a splinter. I put my
thumb in my mouth, but not fast enough. A few drops of blood spilled on
the counter. I’d only had them for a couple of minutes, and there was
already blood on them. That had to be bad luck.

I never figured out what I snagged my thumb on.

 

I didn’t think much about it for a couple of days. I’d walk by those
counters when I made my dinner, or brushed my teeth, or whatever other
little things you do every day that you don’t think that much about.
It’s just a part of the ambience. Stone, wood, plastic; it doesn’t
really matter. It’s another thing, and things don’t matter that much
when you’re late for work or finally getting a response from Marissa
about meeting up next Sunday.

One day as I was standing there cutting up an orange, I poked myself on
the index finger. Another few droplets spilled on the counter. As I
wrapped my finger in some paper, I watched those blood drops pool in the
middle of the counter. I hadn’t noticed it before, but there was a
slight tilt to it. Any liquid spilled on the counter naturally pooled in
the middle, and if there was too much it trickled out like a spout. None
of the other pieces of the counter did this, only the edge section.

I cleaned it up and enjoyed my orange, not thinking too much about it. A
lot of things out there are over-engineered to the point where you don’t
know about half the features. Like those little white paper thimbles you
use to put ketchup in at fast food joints. Did you know those can fold
out? They can get twice as big. It’s the kind of little thing you can go
your whole life without noticing.

For about a week, everything was as it should be. Work, having a coffee
with Marissa, getting to bed early. Just the everyday cycle of things. I
did notice I was having a streak of bad luck though. There was always
something bothering me, but it was usually a mild annoyance. A paper
cut, brushing my teeth a little too hard, biting down on the corner of
my nail until a little red dribbled out. Stuff like that. But every time
it happened, I couldn’t help but notice a couple of things.

First, that it almost always happened near that kitchen counter.

And second, that whatever little drop of blood was spilled always pooled
so naturally in the center of it, like the countertop was built for
this.

 

I remember the thought sneaking up on me like a prowling cat. I was
having a sandwich in the kitchen after a night out. As I waited for my
phone to buzz, I considered just how many times I’d accidentally bled on
that counter. The answer, once I thought about it, surprised me.

I’d bled on it every day since it got there.

It seemed unlikely, but once I mapped it out, that was the truth of it.
I always flossed my teeth while walking around the kitchen, and my gums
were not in the best of shape. A little blood there. I had this scab on
my arm that, when scratched, bled a little. Another few drops there. A
paper cut here, a slip of the knife there, a particularly bloody steak …
one way or another, for about a week, there’d been blood on that counter
every single day.

I chalked it up to bad luck, and even then, it was at most a curiosity.
As soon as that phone buzzed, the thought fled me like a startled bird
darting for the sky.

 

I did start to pay a little more attention though. I was being a bit
more careful. I stopped walking around while brushing my teeth, instead
resorting to sitting down and counting out the seconds. I started
preparing my food on another section of the counter, as if depriving the
edge piece would somehow grant me some modicum of control. But even so,
a couple of drops would make their way to it, one way or another.
Sometimes when I wasn’t even paying attention.

For example, one day I smacked a particularly large mosquito on it,
leaving a little blood stain. Another time I had a nosebleed, and I
didn’t even notice it until it got on my hands. Despite my (albeit
minor) acts of resistance, a couple of drops would find their way to
that counter either way. That’s where that alien thought hit me for the
first time.

There’s always blood on the counter.

 

I’ve always been a bit superstitious. I avoid breaking mirrors or
walking under ladders. Hell, I don’t say “thank you” when someone says
“bless you” after a sneeze. I’ve heard that’s bad luck too. It’s not so
much that I actually believe the universe will turn against me if I
abstain from certain rituals, but it’s more like a set of behaviors that
have imprinted on me over the years. I think we all have things like
that which we just need to do. Little misconceptions and superstitions
that keep us believing things work in ways they don’t.

I began to consider the possibility that maybe, somehow, there had to be
blood on the counter. I didn’t question how, or why, but the idea itself
added up. There’d been a little blood there every single day, that much
was true. It had all been from a series of little misfortunes, but that
didn’t change the fact.

But I think what made me uneasy was that little groove. That slight
tilt, making every drop of liquid pool in the middle. It was so perfect.
Symmetric. Like the stone itself was made for this purpose.

I would just have to wait and see. I was going away for a few days, so
there’d be no blood on the counter anyway.

 

I was off for a few days. Marissa and I were seeing each other, and I
went to stay at her place. I also had a work trip the following Monday,
so I was away from home for a couple of days. By the time I got back
home I was so exhausted that I didn’t even consider the kitchen counter.
I mean, who in their right mind would?

It wasn’t until I heard a strange noise that I snapped to attention. It
was coming from the kitchen. I put down my bag and noticed two distinct
and recognizable sounds long before I stepped through the kitchen
doorway. One sound was the hiss of a sudden wind. The other was the
buzzing of flies.

There was a dead bird on the floor. It had crashed through the window,
slammed into my kitchen, and died. The flies were already feasting on
it. I could see them crawling all over, their wings twitching. From a
distance it just looked like static; these little black dots spread out
in a random pattern, the only constant being their movement.

And as always, there was blood on the counter.

 

The landlord, a tall and skinny guy in his late 40’s, had me put up a
cardboard patch on the window while we waited for a replacement panel.
When he came up to inspect the damage, he dragged his finger across the
edge of the broken glass. Naturally, he got a little cut. As he hurried
to wash it off, a couple of drops of blood spilled on the counter,
because of course it did. What is it with people and having to touch
things that we know will hurt us?

“Gonna be a few days,” he mumbled. “How’re you enjoying the countertops?
Pretty neat, huh?”

“Yeah, neat,” I said, nodding along. “Much smoother.”

“And tougher,” he added, giving them a tap. “Gonna need a sledgehammer
to make a dent in this thing.”

“You know what they’re made of?”

“Some kind of stone? Limestone, I think.”

He patted the stone and went on his merry way, turning only when he got
to the door.

“I’ll have the window fixed by next week. Sorry about the hassle.”

 

While the dead bird was gone, the flies remained. They pooled around
that countertop, as if still sensing something in its grooves. Then
again, maybe they knew there’d be more blood to come. Either way, they
were there to stay. I had to get a fly swatter and hang it next to my
fridge. I got a blue one, with a sunflower on the handle.

As I was heading to work one morning, I knew I’d be gone pretty late. I
was seeing Marissa after work, and chances were I’d be spending the
night there. That made me pause. If I were to leave, would another bird
come crashing through the window? What other absurdity could happen?

Then again, nothing could happen. There was no evidence pointing to this
being anything else than my superstitious mind making up ghost stories
in my head. And yet the buzzing of the flies told another story. They
weren’t around for make-believe. They wanted blood.

I don’t know what made me hold my hand out over the countertop. I had a
small cut on my thumb and applying just a little bit of pressure made a
drop of blood spill out. I didn’t feel a thing as it plopped into the
groove, centering itself perfectly on the counter. I don’t know why I
did it, but I felt this ease in my chest. Like I’d set something
straight.

I could walk away with a good conscience.

 

The following weekend, Marissa was having a get-together with some of
her friends. I had planned to go, but at the last minute, she had to
cancel. There’d been a leak in her bathroom. On a whim I offered to have
her relocate to my place for the night. We hadn’t been dating for that
long, but this would be a good time to meet some of her friends and
break some ice. It took some convincing, but she eventually came around
to it.

Marissa arrived early. We made some appetizers together and prepped some
cocktails. She spent at least two hours putting together a playlist. I
made a little poster and put it up in the hallway, telling my neighbors
we were having a get-together. All fairly normal casual party stuff. It
was nice though, it felt very couple-y. We hadn’t done a lot of that
stuff before.

We were expecting about ten people, but some of them brought plus ones.
Some younger folks barely in their 20’s mixing with some work friends
well into their 30’s. Some brought wine, others stuck to smiles and
snacks. My entryway was too small to fit all the jackets.

 

We had a nice enough time. Marissa butterflied from one group to
another, gossiping and chatting away, leaving me to handle the practical
details. Getting things from the oven, filling up bowls, putting out
glasses, opening wine bottles, that kind of thing. Meanwhile, she was
floating around, having people admire her fancy new dress. It wasn’t
that fancy though; it cost less than $30. But to her credit, she wore it
well.

I was, admittedly, in a bit of a mood. Marissa had barely introduced me
to any of her friends, and I hadn’t heard her mention me as the
boyfriend to any of them. It was something we’d discussed; her
reluctance to actually outright commit to the relationship. Instead she
just introduced me by my first name and rushed off to the next
adventure. It frustrated me. It’s an ugly feeling.

We had some fun though. There were a couple of party games, plenty of
drinks to go around, and the kind of half-shouted semi-private
late-night philosophizing that can only come from an abundance of wine
and a comfy kitchen chair. I didn’t learn a single name from those who
came that night, but I remember our many talks about ridiculously deep
topics. No wait, I think there was a guy named Kibble. He had a whole
thing about probability that he talked about.

 

Sometime around midnight, things were getting hazy. I’d had a couple too
many drinks, and about half the guests had left. Those who remained had
dedicated themselves to finishing what was left in the bottles left
behind. Marissa was half-asleep on the couch, clinging to one of her
friends and nearly snoozing on their shoulder. Meanwhile, I was in the
kitchen, washing up a wine glass. One of the guests had a thing about
not wanting to refill their glass; it had to be cleaned in-between
pours. I didn’t mind, it was nice to get out of that room for a bit.

I don’t remember her name, but she was one of the younger guests. She
came in, grabbed the wine glass, and leaned against the counter. She
grasped her wine bottle and absentmindedly made small talk as she waved
it around. She had a lot of big ideas and big words, making the sway of
the bottle go further and further. Finally, as she waved away a fly
buzzing near her face, she smashed the wine glass. Out of instinct, she
tried to grab the pieces. She closed her fingers around the sharp edges
and froze.

She bled from her hands. The others rushed in to see what was going on.
I don’t think they noticed the flies had been there all along.

 

As I looked at the others, I realized something unsettling. As blood
pooled in the center of the counter, no one looked worried. No one was
calling out, screaming, or running up to see what was going on. It’s
like they already knew. They just stood back, and looked, as blood
poured from her hands.

She didn’t seem to mind either. No urgency, no call for a band-aid,
nothing. She could take one step to the left and have her hand run under
a cold tap, but instead she just stood there, letting the blood pool on
the counter. As I looked around the room, I was the first to speak up.

“Should I call an ambulance?”

There was no response. Instead she squeezed her hands a little, forcing
out another dribble of blood. The others just watched.

“Are you okay?”

Again, nothing. Just the buzzing of flies.

 

After about a minute, she moved over and ran her hand under the tap.
Marissa got a fresh towel from the bathroom while I moved over to sweep
up the glass. Not five minutes later, they’d all said their goodbyes and
left – even Marissa. She was supposed to stay the night, but she’d snuck
out like the rest of them, leaving me to clean up that mess on my own.

And yeah, she was ditzy. A bit irresponsible. But I don’t think that was
a matter of carelessness – there was something else in the air. The
groove on the counter was full, like an overflowing cup. The blood had
reached the spout, making it drip on the floor.

I stood there for a while, just watching it. The whole thing felt wrong,
like I’d been complicit of a crime. It’s like the air of the room had
been sucked out, leaving everyone fatigued and fearful. Like the life of
the party spilled out onto the floor.

By the time I got my soapy mop out, close to 2 am, the flies were
already gathering. No matter what I think happened, the blood on the
counter was real. I could wash it away, but that didn’t change the fact
that it happened.

 

I decided I was going to do something about it. I called my landlord and
tried to have him exchange it, pointing out the groove as a construction
error. It wasn’t bad enough to make a glass tip or spill, but it was a
clear imperfection. He agreed that it was bad, but replacing the whole
thing would be expensive. Instead he settled on a compromise; he’d come
by with a bunch of tools and smooth it out himself. He was a handy guy,
he could do it. I was a bit skeptic, but it was better than nothing.

He came by that same weekend, toolbox in hand. I was a bit distracted.
Marissa and I were having a fight, but it’d take her fifteen minutes to
respond to my messages, and the responses I got were usually just one to
three words. Meanwhile, I was tapping away, trying to come up with the
correct combination of words just to get her to care. I was losing.

“It’s this one, right?” the landlord called out from the kitchen. “I’ll
start with the angle grinder.”

He pointed at the right section, and I nodded. He waved away a couple of
flies and gave me a heads-up. There was gonna be some noise.

I moved into the bedroom and closed the door. I was so focused on the
little screen that I barely paid attention to what was happening in the
other room. She’d left me on read for three messages, and we were going
on twenty minutes. It was driving me crazy. When I finally put my phone
down, I realized the machine noise was sounding a bit… strange. Muted.
Not just from the closed door, but something else, too.

 

Even from outside the kitchen, I could see a small streak of blood. It
had shot out far enough to almost reach the hallway.

I’m not gonna speculate on what happened, or why. But the landlord was
standing by the countertop with the tip of his index finger sawn off.
The angle grinder was still spinning, kissing the tip of his finger bone
with an industrial-grade diamond blade. I could see smoke coming off of
it as the machine shrieked. The landlord, on the other hand, didn’t say
a word.

He just stood there, watching the blood overflow.

 

I pulled the plug on the grinder. He slowly snapped out of it, but he
never really caught on to the kind of urgency a situation like that
demands. There was no rush of adrenaline or desperate calls for help. He
just nodded, excused the mess, took his tools, and left. He’d fixed
absolutely nothing.

As I waved away a couple of flies I realized he’d left the tip of his
finger on the counter. I could barely see it from the mass of black dots
swarming it, rubbing their wings together.

I think that’s the moment it finally sunk in. I wasn’t dealing with
something normal or rational. For all intents and purposes, there was
some kind of will and way acting on its own, pushing one fact beyond a
strange fiction.

There would always be blood on the counter.

 

 I spent some time looking up what I could. There really wasn’t that
much to say. The countertop was made of limestone, cut and prepped in
Mexico. It was imported and assembled stateside. That was pretty much
it, the company was still very active and there were no signs of there
being anything unusual about them. They had plenty of limestone
countertops, and everyone seemed happy about them. No crazies in the
comments ranting about blood.

I did drop into a couple of rabbit holes. For example, a lot of old
Mayan temples were made of limestone too. They constructed everything
from temples to altars in that same material. It’s not that strange,
really. You can make a bunch of stuff with limestone.

I remember listening to a short documentary about the Mayans as I mopped
the kitchen floor for the second time in less than a week. My mop was
getting this sickly pinkish hue from having been dipped in a deep red
over and over. I tried washing it a couple of times, but I could still
see the red in it long after it was gone.

I ended up sitting in the kitchen, completely forgetting to check
Marissa’s reply. Instead I looked at my countertop, trying to figure out
what the deal was. This crazy thought came to mind.

Maybe it wanted to be something else, much like how I’d wanted to be a
cowboy growing up. Maybe this was a way of lashing out or realizing some
kind of untapped potential. It was impossible to know for sure.

The flies followed the tip of the finger all the way into the garbage.

 

Over the next few days, things with Marissa got progressively worse. We
got into another fight, and when she outright said she wasn’t sure that
we were actually dating, I called the whole thing off. I wasn’t gonna
stand for that. I spent some time with my friends, took a couple extra
shifts, and tried to keep busy. Or maybe I just didn’t want to go home.

Just passing through my kitchen would give me this sinking feeling, like
I was in the presence of something. Like I was missing some key detail
or forgetting to do something important. At times I considered giving
the counter a drop of blood just to feel myself calm down. A tap on the
finger isn’t so bad – it’s much worse to anticipate an accident that you
know will come. If you haven’t bled on the countertop, you’re not gonna
start chopping carrots, or cutting chicken breasts. You know what’s
going to happen.

But things reached a tipping point when I took a double shift and
crashed at work. I was gone for a full day, and when I got back home,
there was a dead mouse on the counter. I have no idea where it came
from, or how it got there. I live on the second floor, so it must have
made its way up somehow. I’d never heard or seen any signs of rodents
before.

I’d had enough.

 

I got a hammer and a big iron spike. I’d seen one outside, it must’ve
been used to secure the fence leading up to the entrance. Now I was
gonna use it like a chisel. I hurried into the kitchen, my boots still
wet with mud, and placed the spike on the countertop; readying a blow
from my hammer.

Then, I dropped the spike.

It wasn’t a conscious movement; my hand just twitched a little. There
was this impulse to lay the palm of my hand flat on the counter,
spreading my fingers in every direction. I was still readying the
hammer. With the same feeling as I had at the party, I wondered why I
wasn’t putting the hammer down. Why was I letting this happen?

What was I, exactly, about to do?

 

I blinked and dropped the hammer, letting it crack one of the kitchen
tiles. I’d been fully prepared to smash my own hand on the countertop
for no apparent reason. It just seemed like the appropriate thing to do.
There’d been a will imposed on me.

I picked the spike up, and the hammer, and tried again. Faster this
time. Spike up, hammer up, a scream. At the last moment I turn around
and flick the hammer straight across the room. It crashes into the
opposite wall, making a dent in the gypsum.

My hand felt warm, and as I turned to look, I realized I was holding the
spike at a strange angle. The tip of it was burrowed in the palm of my
hand.

And there was blood on the counter.

 

My thumb was sore, so I couldn’t stay up all night scrolling. Marissa
was already out meeting new people, posting on her socials. She didn’t
even slow down. Not even a frown on her reel. Not that I could scroll
long enough to check, my hand was killing me.

I stayed up late that night, wondering what to make of this. I was gonna
have to clean the counter again, but really, what was the point? No
matter how many times I cleaned it, it ended up the same way. There
would always be blood on the counter, no matter what I did, and no
matter how much I tried to fight it. I could be standing there every
day, spraying it with the same lemon-scented bullshit, and I’d have to
do it again the next day. Like showering, or brushing your teeth. Was
this my life now?

I wasn’t imagining this. It was getting worse. It was demanding more,
and bigger. No one had to spell it out for me, but I could feel it.

It wanted to take a life.

 

I got back in the kitchen the next day. I put on three pairs of gloves,
got that iron spike and the hammer, and took another swing at the
countertop. This time I got a hit in, cracking part of the seal
underneath. It took a couple of tries, and I smashed my own thumb once,
but it was progress. I took a break to check my thumb, then got back at
it.

It took me nine hours to break enough of the seal around the countertop
to dislodge the whole stone. By that time my hands were a wreck, and
there were bloody handprints all over the damn thing, but I got it done.
I pulled it off and dropped it to the floor, cracking another floor
tile. It wasn’t that heavy, but my hands felt like they were burning. I
decided to call the landlord again. I would happily pay for the damages
as long as he got rid of the damn thing.

He came by with his finger wrapped in a bandage. He was, admittedly,
pretty tired of this whole ordeal. Noticing the mess I’d made, he just
sighed.

“I’ll pay for it,” I said. “All of it.”

He nodded at me. Without another word, he grabbed the stone slab. But
instead of heading for the door, he stopped for a moment.

There was something about the look in his eyes that made me uneasy. His
mind was a mile away. He was looking at nothing. I snapped my fingers at
him, but he didn’t as much as blink. Instead he raised the stone slab
like he was Moses holding a Commandment.

“What are you doing?” I asked. “Hello?”

He looked at me, then shook his head. He looked down at the stone,
letting out a frustrated grunt. And in a fit of frustration, he took a
step back, and flung the entire slab out the window.

 

Glass everywhere. The damned thing sailed through the air, landing with
a meaty thud. The landlord shrugged at me, gasping for air. That’d been
more exerting than it looked.

“Let’s go get it in the truck,” he said. “I’ll get rid of it.”

We went down the stairs together, but something didn’t feel right. Not
just because of the action of throwing something out a window, but it
seemed too easy. I’d fought to get that thing off, but he’d thrown it
out without a second thought. It didn’t add up.

Coming outside, I could see I was right.

 

Turns out, a neighbor had passed my window just as the landlord chucked
the slab. That meaty thud was not a chunk of stone hitting the lawn, and
not a matter of messing up the community garden. It was an adult man
having his head caved in against the pavement.

It felt so unreal, seeing a full body in a colorful sports jacket with
half their head cracked on the ground. There was still movement. A
fading pulse. People were coming out from all over. It felt like
descending into a nightmare, and I didn’t know whether to run, or cry,
or scream. I ended up doing neither. I just stood there, like the guests
at my party.

Looking around, so was everyone else. They stared in silent reverie. The
whole neighborhood was out to see the dead man on the street. It was
less of a murder, and more like a… community gathering. No one was
happy, or cheering, or even expressive; they just stood there, like this
was the most normal thing to happen all day. Like this was supposed to
happen. Like it was expected.

“Is anyone gonna call for help?” I gasped. “Anyone?”

A dog was going ballistic nearby, barking up a storm, and I couldn’t
stop staring at the limestone countertop. It was still intact, laying to
the side. Absolutely drenched in blood.

No one was moving a muscle.

 

Eventually, there was an ambulance, and police, and witness statements.
People asked me in very careful voices about what happened, offering me
the occasional snack from a vending machine. Probably to compensate me
for sticking me in an interrogation room for hours on end. Good cop, bad
cop.

I didn’t know what to say. I told them what truth I could, that there’d
been a problem with the countertop and that I’d asked my landlord to
help me remove it. The rest was a matter of impulse, random
happenstance, and something I couldn’t quite explain.

All the while, my head was swimming. Had this happened because of some
shared paranoia, or had it been the will of some unseen third party?
Were we ultimately responsible?

 

By the time they finished, I’d been watching their notes. There were
scribbles about the assembly, the manufacturer, timing of the attack,
all of it.  The doodle of an eye. I couldn’t bring myself to explain my
theory; it didn’t make sense for me to mention it. I couldn’t think of a
way to say it without sounding like a lunatic.

Things don’t wish for things. They don’t want to be other things,
because they can’t want. And yet, there seems to be this inclination,
this divine leaning towards one thing acting like something else. It was
the only way I could think of it.

It was a kitchen counter, wishing to be a sacrificial altar. And we were
obliged to help, unknowingly or not.

 

Before I went home that day, I decided to ask the officers a final
question.

“What’s going to happen to it?”

“It’ll be filed in evidence,” they explained. “It’s technically a sort
of murder weapon.”

I almost laughed. They were gonna file it under evidence, and put it
among the knives, and guns, and iron pipes. They’d leave it on some
shelf somewhere in storage and forget about it. It’d sit there as other
things would pile on top. Evil things. Horrible things stained with
hateful impulses.

It would be a resting place where desperation and bad intention would
rest upon it for decades to come.

And as the stone was locked away, sealed and unclean, they had assured
that there would always be blood on the counter.
