Hello, I haven’t told many people about my childhood. Let alone
strangers online. Things in my early years were similar to any white
trash family, I lived in an old, small house, my parents were divorced
and both smoked and drank heavily. I wasn’t beaten. At least not all
that often. When my mom would get drunk, she’d never get all that mad.
She’d just sit around, doing nothing, only responding to me with grunts
and small sentences. My dad however, was much more unpredictable. When
he was drunk, he could yell at me, complain about his problems, or beat
the shit out of me. I never knew what could happen. But that’s enough
about me complaining about how sad my childhood was.

I’m planning on writing more posts when I have the time, because a lot
happened in that place. My mom’s house was so bad, that I would feel
relieved when I went to my dad’s for the next week, even though I
absolutely hated my dad.

Something that helped me through these times was a lizard I’d later get.
A Leopard Gecko named Reggie. I grew very attached to him. He was my
only friend. The thought of him in his tank near my bed at night made me
less scared to sleep. I loved Reggie.

But now, I’ll get to my first encounter with this- thing that lived in
my mom’s house:

When it first spoke to me, as its real self, it told me its name was
Terry. I don’t know if that was true, but that’s what I’ll call it.
Though, that didn’t happen until years after this event

The first encounter I had with Terry was when I was 6. I didn’t have
Reggie yet, but luckily, this wasn’t a scary encounter, like most of the
others. It was weirdly comforting. Over the years in that house, I
learned a lot about Terry. I learned that they can and will mimic other
people, animals, and even characters from movies and books. Most people
would probably call Terry a Skinwalker. They’d be wrong. Skinwalkers, at
least in Navajo tradition, aren’t shapeshifting monsters like the
internet claims. Terry was something else entirely. Terry could become a
person. Skinwalkers can’t do that.

Now, you probably remember me saying that my first encounter with Terry
wasn’t scary. And it wasn’t. After the first time I saw them, I never
did until a couple years later. I don’t know why they did this, but
that’s what I remember. There could have been more times I came in
contact with Terry that I simply don’t remember.

My favorite movie when I was 6 was Toy Story 3. I was born in 2005, and
during this time it was still new. I watched it at least once a week,
which both my parents hated. I loved it so much that when I’d swap
houses, I’d always make sure to bring it with me. We had it on DVD. And
when it came out on DVD, my mom instantly bought it for me, because she
knew how much I loved it when we watched it in the theater. When I
swapped houses, I’d sometimes forget things like my toothbrush, my hat,
or even my glasses, but, I’d never forget that movie.

One night, I was laying in my bed and couldn’t get to sleep. I tossed
and turned, but I just couldn’t. If I remember correctly, this is
because I’d just watched Jurassic Park with my mom and it had freaked me
out. I pretended it didn’t scare me a bit, but it definitely did. The
whole night I was worried a Velociraptor or Dilophosaurus would burst
through my door and eat me alive. I was worried, until Terry came in.
Well, they didn’t come in. They came out from under my bed. Something
like this would usually scare a young kid, but it didn’t scare me at the
time. That’s because they looked exactly like Woody from Toy Story. The
size, the face, the clothes. It looked exactly like him. I watched in
awe as he crawled out from under my bed and stood up.

“Howdy partner!” He called up to me, tipping his hat. “I heard you were
a bit nervous, what’s the matter? Is there a snake in your boot?”

When I remember this, I recall that he sounded exactly like how Tom
Hanks did the voice for the character. When I look back on it now, it’s
chilling how Terry could mimic a fictional character like this so well,
but back then, it felt comforting.

I giggled and shook my head no. “I don’t want a dinosaur to get me!”

“Well, that’s a little outside my area of expertise, but I will look out
for any so that you can sleep well on this dandy night!” He said as he
raised his arms and looked around the room.

“Thanks Woody!” I said back to him before trying to get more
comfortable.

Then, I saw the lights go on in the hallway. Woody, or Terry, gasped and
looked at the door, before dashing back under the bed. Just as he made
it under, my mom opened the door.

“Jered, who are you taking to?” She asked as she looked around my room,
confused, “I told you not to play at night, you need to sleep.”

“Mom! Woody was in my room! He said he’d protect me from dinosaurs and
monsters!” I said excitedly as my mom listened, exhausted and confused,
“Before you came in, he ran back under the bed! See?”

I looked under my bed to see nothing. My mom turned on my light and came
to look with me. Nothing. He had disappeared.

“Buddy, just go to sleep and stop messing around.” She sighed as she
walked away, turning off my light, “Goodnight, I love you.”

“Love you too mom.” I sighed as I pulled myself back onto the bed,
disappointed.

And right when my mom closed the door and walked off, Woody came back
out from under the bed.

“Hey partner, next time your mom asks about me, don’t tell her anything,
or something mighty awful could happen!” He said throwing his arms in
the air dramatically and smiling, before pointing at me, “And we
wouldn’t want that.”

I looked at him excitedly, glad my friend was back. “O-ok!” I replied,
more quiet this time.

“Now, I’m gonna stay here and watch for them dinos, if I see any, I’ll
make em’ reach for the sky!” He told me before making a finger gun and
pointing it at me, closing his left eye as if he was aiming.

I giggled and rolled over, before falling asleep. I remember waking back
up in the morning to see that he was gone. And there was no trace that
he’d ever been there. I was sad that he decided to leave, but his words
never left my mind: “Don’t tell her anything, or something mighty awful
might happen.” That sentence has stayed with me for the rest of my life.
I wish I hadn’t listened.
