It has happened since I was a child, even before of that if I can trust
my memory, the same sensation in the same way all the time,
but I’m getting too ahead of myself. Do you know what it feels like to
see something missing? Like city renovations removing a century year old
tree, like your favourite bench at the park being green one day and the
next week red, like a billboard atop a building that is no longer one
cute puppy hugging a toilet paper roll but a wide smile beside a
toothbrush. 

That sensation is what I’ve always felt, the slight delay
between consciously knowing something changed and finding out why it
changed, I’ve always called it a “tape skip” and yes, I’m old enough to
have enjoyed the simpler times of popping one of those bad boys in and
having my index sore, I wish there could be a rewind in my life as well,
but I guess I’m not the only one thinking that. 

Again, I’m getting out of track, I guess it’s because I can imagine how
things will change this time, that’s the part that really gets to me,
knowing where, but never why. It’s hard to guess, even harder to
pinpoint, and harder still to come to terms with it, let me give you an
example dear reader. 

I was 10, early in the morning I saw a tree on my way to the mall in my
parents’ car, it was an old one, gnarly, long branches and tall enough
to make me think I could reach the sky if I started climbing it. There
was something wrong with it, something I couldn’t tell, but it looked
strange, like it didn’t belong there despite knowing it was there since
I could remember, I kept thinking of it at the mall, how a tree that I
always saw looked so strange all of a sudden, so foreign and out of
place. 

On our way back home, I found out why it looked so out of place, while
we were at the mall an 18-wheeler crashed against it. Suddenly, I just
saw police cars, people, a totalled lorry and the tree was nowhere to be
seen, nothing but a mess of branches and splinters blocking the street
and it somehow made the “tape skip” take its normal route, like an itch
I could finally scratch. 

It was not the only time it happened, but at this point I’m trying
mostly yo convince myself, that somehow this is not strange, this is not
a figment of my imaginations, that I can still believe this is something
normal, or that I am not the only one having this… curse. I have no
other way to name it; I have no other form of putting this thing to
words, other than uncertainty, always that, nothing else. I feel sorrow
and pain for those that may have it if I’m not the only one, if I am I
can rest, I can believe that I got the worst hand dealt only to me,
that I lived in fear out of sheer chance, but again, I’m getting out of
track and this “tape skip” has given me good things as well, but not as
many to think of anything else right now. 

It was fun to make bets with myself, looking at me in the mirror,
searching for any change that may imply ice-cream, around my room for a
supposed new toy, around the house for something interesting, especially
during Christmas, I’d stare at the TV for ours, even turned off, to see
if I would finally get my console, or simply at the oven, the whole
place was full of wonder and discovery for me and I loved every second
of it. I was excited to show off at school, even if I couldn’t be sure
of what was going on with everything around me, I had an insight, a
knack, a special extra that made me a popular guy at school, not big
time, but interesting enough to have more friends than I could count at
the time. 

I remember highs and lows, weirdness and calm, I never spoke of this, at
least not when people started giving me strange looks when I told them,
even my parents, so I learnt to remain silent, to keep it to myself and
only telling this to people I really trusted and that I knew would not
judge me, so all my friends learnt of this, I felt so good, so great, I
could tell if they were going to get in trouble, if they could avoid
danger, some sort of oracle with scraped knees. 

The fun of it was gone when one of them started looking strange, it was
days and days that he had a strangeness to him I couldn’t tell,
some wrongness to him when we hanged out together, I told him time and
time again that he needed to be careful, that he had to look after
himself, that he should avoid danger, but he never listened to me, his
mind was too distracted on the camping trip with his parents, one part
of me was relieved of that he would be with his parents, but the other
part of me, the one with the “tape skip” made me go insane, as his
departure drew closer I became more anxious. 

The trip was cut short, two days into it his parents were back home,
I ran to meet them; to ask for Danny but he was not with them, he got
lost. I thrashed, I cried, I asked his mom and dad if he mentioned
something, if he did anything, if we could go there to help finding him,
to do something about it. My parents had to drag me away from them, I
never knew what happened to Danny, I never knew why his parents moved
from the neighbourhood, that is back then, but now I know, and I wish
I didn’t. 

It’s been always like that with the “tape skip” some memories are the
best I always had, some others I’d rather not have them at all, how
could I warn anyone if even I couldn’t make heads or tails of it? The
therapist said grief, imposter syndrome, prone to catastrophising, a
myriad of more diagnoses, how could she know? How could she feel what I
feel? How could she be so sure when I can’t be sure? How could she be so
certain? So many questions I can’t even answer because II don’t know
if I’m the only one like this, but I truly wish I am, I don’t want this
on anyone else. 

But not all was bad. I met my wife through it, thanks to it? Because of
it? I can’t tell anymore, I can’t even tell if the person that made my
life so cheerful for so long was someone I was meant to know or if it
was just a cruel joke. I am a spectator, at least it feels like that in
hindsight, as if I could see the way things unfold, as I could take
brief glimpses at the fabric of reality, long enough to make me guess,
but short enough to make me uncertain. But she, she was perfect, she was
the light of my world and the very reason of me putting up with this for
so long, even if she never believed in my “tape skip” she always joked,
teased and was the perfect person to me. 

It was when we were 16, a summer I’ll never forget, my eyes were almost
closing as I looked at the sunset, suddenly I felt the same strangeness
on my chest, I looked at my shirt, and it looked off, my head started
running, thinking if I forgot something at home but even as I looked
time and time again at it nothing crossed my mind, just when I was about
to give up it happened, Sarah lost control of her bike, she always told
me she yelled all the way through, but I just noticed her right when
she crossed over a puddle and covered me in mud, all over my shirt, and
I never was to the skip for that. 

What else can I say? From an accident we started seeing each
other more and more, then dating formally, it was blissful, wonderful,
nothing but calm and wonder. We continued like that through high school,
college, work, I never worried because we could read each other so well,
I could guess if an argument was coming, if I was wrong or right, how to
handle things thanks to that same sensation of uncertainty, she gave me
clarity and insight, way more than I could on my own. Peace at last and
the skips didn’t feel as bad anymore. 

Then the most wonderful thing, I saw my wife one morning, she looked as
marvellous as ever and I saw it, near her belly, around
it, I can’t explain where or how, but I knew it, I hugged her, I was
moved to tears, it was the best moment of my life even if my wife didn’t
believe me at first, a few weeks later she finally agreed to go to the
doctor, she was pregnant of our Melissa, I couldn’t be happier, I
couldn’t believe what was happening, but I couldn’t ask for anything
better. 

When our Melissa was born, I couldn’t stop staring at her, looking for
anything that could change, anything that would turn out to be like
Danny, I didn’t want that, I wanted to protect her, to be 24/7 with her,
to stay right by her side as we play, as we enjoyed imaginary tea
and cookies, I couldn’t get enough her laugh, of her smiles, of the way
she pretended to be invisible by covering her eyes, the silly games, the
bedtime stories, the trips to the zoo. Sarah and her were my world and
then I saw it. 

I saw it, I wanted to tear my eyes out, I wanted to keep Melissa with
me, away from me, I saw her as I saw Danny, the same strangeness, the
same weirdness, the same out of place feeling and I told Sarah something
was wrong with Melissa, that we needed to protect her, that we needed to
take care of her, that whatever it happened she couldn’t get out of our
sight. In the beginning Sarah humoured me, she would say whatever to let
her sleep or rest or keep some semblance of tranquillity in the house,
then the grunting started, the arguments, the fights, yelling, Sarah
never understood, no-one ever understood, I can see what they
can’t, i can know what they can’t, I am meant to read deeper, I am meant
to know more about the situation, but I never knew how, I never learnt,
I knew I could save them, I could save Danny, I should have gone with
them. 

It went the same way for years, Sarah never understood, after the first
year she didn’t want to speak more of the “tape skip” anymore, she kept
mostly to herself, and our Melissa felt more distant, more closed to me,
like she didn’t want me around her anymore, but then how could I have
protected her, I wanted to see her, I wanted to be by her side,
protecting her like a father should, but Sarah didn’t want me around
anymore, by the time our daughter was 6 I barely saw her, but every time
I could catch a glimpse I saw her weirder and weirder. 

She took her from me, she doomed our daughter, she’s going to get her
killed or missing or something, she is not capable of what I am, she
can’t see what I see, she is not the one to protect her, the judge,
the lawyer, the whole jury, everyone was against me, everyone was out
for blood, ready to pound on me just because they can’t understand what
is living with this, knowing and not being able to explain what is going
to happen, they don’t know but I do, I lived with it all my life and
what did I get? A uniform and pills, nothing but that, I should be out
there protecting my daughter not here. 

But I am seeing it once more, the bars of my window look off, I guess my
time is coming, I guess I’m ready to take my chances, I don’t know where
my Melissa is, but I must find her, I must protect her and if anyone
else can relate to the wrongness that I described it, don’t tell anyone,
never ever, but if we ever find each other out there, well, I can give
you some tips, And if you’re reading this mom, thanks for the phone I
don’t know how you smuggled this inside, you’re my hero. 
