Alright guys my plane got delayed so I’m taking the time to go ahead and
update yall. I’m trying to not just dump walls on text into everyone
because quite frankly this is just a tough experience for me to put into
words. I appreciate the support. Without further ado here is pt. 2

The next few weeks things seemed fairly normal. Normal sermons, normal
potlucks, normal church. Nothing seemed wrong. I just couldn’t shake the
feeling that something was in fact wrong. I tried to talk to my mom
about it.

“I don’t know what it is but I don’t think I like the new preacher” I
said
“Oh honey, it’s just the new feeling. I’m sure you’ll warm up to him.
Just listen to the sermons and don’t look at is as a replacement of
granpa”

Next Sunday I walked into church with an open mind, or at least I tried
to. All of that went out the window when the deacons started passing out
the new hymnals. The old white hymnals had been removed and were
replaced with new black hymnals. Which I didn’t care about the color of
the hymnals. What bothered me was that I didn’t recognize a single song
in them. I’ve been In church my entire life I had those old hymnals
memorized. But every single song in these new ones. I’d never heard any
of them. Reading through the words nothing necessarily seemed off, just
unfamiliar. My optimism was extinguished the moment the worship leader
stepped up onto the stage.

Brother Jones has been the song director for the church for the last 20
years.
Always showing up with the same blue choir robe, smiling face, and
slicked back hair.
Today he stepped onto stage looking completely different. He looked wet.
Like physically wet. His hair was hanging down into his face. His smile
was gone, replaced by a taunt lips formed into a thin straight line and
a black robe with a crimson sash. A low murmuring went around the
congregation but no one seemed to be talking about just how weird it
was.

He raised his hands and In an abnormal monotone
“All rise”

The following song was haunting as the entire congregation chanted in
unison a “hymn” that sounded like it was about a march into hell.
Maybe I was missing the point but after hearing how the new preacher
just showed up to Mr. James on the side of the road, his strange healing
of Mr. Carter, and the physical change of Brother Jones I couldn’t shake
the feeling that our new preacher wasn’t the man everyone else seemed to
believe he was. Maybe he wasn’t a man at all.

The following sermon was focused around Hebrews 8 verses 1-6
Which is focused around the new covenant created with Jesus and how he
is now seated at the right hand of the throne.
Could’ve been a great sermon, except that he was preaching and talking
in the first person like the verses themselves were about him. He
finished his sermon and dismissed the congregation without a closing
prayer. Including my mother, Everyone stood up in unison, turned in
unison like a marching band, and filed out of the sanctuary. I was to
captivated by the odd behavior that I hadn’t realized I hadn’t gotten up
out of my pew yet. Before I could get up I noticed the Preacher making
his way to me which wasn’t hard because I was only on the second row. I
stood up to meet him at eye level. He looked slightly above me for a
moment before forcing himself to make eye contact with me with his dark
eyes. I immediately felt a knot form in my stomach but I wasn’t nervous.
My skin crawled and my hair stood up on end the same way it does when
you get a suspicion of danger.

“You didn’t like the sermon today?”
He said in his smooth voice
“What makes you say that?” I replied

“You didn’t leave when I allowed everyone to. You must have some
questions…Follow me”

He turned and walked towards the doors that led to the church offices. I
followed forcing my feet to move underneath me.
I followed at a 10 foot distance feeling like the hallway was closing in
around me until the Preacher walked into his office and let the door
fall closed behind him. I stood at the door for a moment trying to shake
the thought that I was walking into a dangerous situation. I opened the
door and walked into the office.
The office was dark, only illuminated by a lamp in the corner. The
Preacher was seated behind his desk
“Sit” he said framed as a command more than an offer
I took the seat opposite of him making sure to sit up straight in an
attempt to hide my anxiety. After a second he started talking.

“You must be confused. You’re wanting to know what’s going on with
Brother Jones and the rest of the congregation”

“You’d be correct” I replied

“You see, Brother Jones was skeptical at first. After our meeting he now
understands what I am. He knows my abilities and why I’m here. I’m
hoping to make you understand as well…the rest of the congregation are
but only sheep. No sense of direction. looking only for a shepherd to
lead the flock. You however seem to keep wanting to go astray. That
intrigues me”

“ What did you do to Brother Jones?” I asked

He chuckled a deep unsettling chuckle like I asked exactly what he
thought id ask.

“I didn’t DO anything to him. I simply showed him why he need not be a
skeptic anymore. Like Thomas doubted The Nazarene. You doubt me.”
He stated

“You just did it again. Just like in your sermon. You just compared
yourself to Jesus again”

He sat up when and furrowed his brow when I said that.

“ I’m glad you noticed. I tell you what, since you’re so perceptive.
Just keep watching. You’ll learn soon.”

I left the office with that statement lingering heavy in the air

I drove home in silence. Trying to figure out what he meant by “you’ll
learn soon.”
I went through the rest of the day digging into my bible looking for
some form of an answer with little insight as to where to even start.
I went to bed perturbed by the entire day.
That’s when the first of the nightmares started.

That’s all for now, my plane is starting to board I’ll update when I get
back.
