This is a follow up to my last post. I’m still here. Obviously, I guess.
It’s been a few days since the tragic incident with Stacks and the
humming at my door

That night I stayed locked in my room until morning. It was a little
after 2 am when the humming suddenly stopped. I froze when it happened.
Stacks words crashed into my head. You only have to be afraid when the
humming stops. I waited for someone to rip through my door and attack
me, brutally murdered like the victims before me.

Instead, I drifted off to sleep in my office. 

I was woken up a few hours later by a gentle tap on my door. It was one
of the newer prison guards. He told me that there was a murder last
night on the tier, an inmate beaten so badly that at first they weren’t
sure the remains were even human. 

I asked the guard what time the murder happened. He wasn’t exactly sure,
but the body was found during rounds at around 2:30 that morning. I
almost fell over when I heard that. It was roughly the same time the
humming stopped. For a second I felt relief that I hadn’t been murdered
like the men before. Then I remembered that someone had lost their life.
I immediately knelt in prayer. First for the victim, second for my own
selfishness.

Later that morning I found Officer Rusk. I asked him to tell me
everything about the humming rule. I told him that saying ‘it’s an old
rule that needs to be followed’ just wasn’t enough. At first he refused,
but eventually he told me about a young guard from a few years ago that
had hummed while on rounds.

Rusk said this guard was arrogant and simply ignored the rule. He hummed
some tune, despite other guards telling him to stop. Later that day he
was found curled up on the bathroom floor humming the same song. He said
he couldn’t stop.

Apparently the guard continued to hum at home. He was unable to sleep.
It impacted his relationship with his family. He eventually had to leave
the correction system altogether. Sometime later Rusk learned that the
guard had ended his own life.

I asked Rusk if the song itself caused the guard to commit suicide. He
just shrugged and said that I could decide for myself what it all meant.

Rusk sat quiet for a minute. I could tell there was more, but he didn’t
want to tell me. I eventually prodded him enough. He said that there was
another incident, a more recent incident with a new guard.

Rusk went on to tell me that a guard on his first shift had heard an
inmate humming a song. He had told the new guard never to hum, but after
hearing the child’s nursery rhyme the guard absentmindedly started to
hum along. Rusk stopped him, but apparently it was too late. That night
an inmate was killed. I believe it was the first of the most recent
series of murders on the tier. An inmate’s head forced between the
narrow bars of the cell. Something shoved in his mouth so he couldn’t
scream. The new guard vomited when he saw the murder scene.

I asked how the guard was doing now. Rusk said that was more than two
weeks ago and he’s been out ever since.

That afternoon I spoke with the prison officials and asked if I could
talk to the guard. Maybe in my capacity as a priest I be of some help.
They agreed and got me in touch with his wife.

This afternoon I was able to meet them at their house. When the wife
answered the door she looked exhausted, not just from lack of sleep but
from trying to solve an unsolvable situation. The first thing she said
was that I needed to do something about that song. That I had to make it
stop. My heart sank. I knew exactly what song she meant.

I walked into their bedroom. The guard was laying on the bed. A towel
was wrapped loosely around his head, a corner of it shoved in his mouth.
There were spots of blood on the towel. I could see blood pooling on the
sides of his mouth, the towel soaking up spittle and blood.

The worst part. I could hear the muffled song coming through the
blanket, the vibration from his throat. Row row row your boat.

The guard looked up at me, a glimmer of recognition in his eyes. He sat
up and took the towel from his mouth, the sound of the humming
intensified. He was able to stop long enough to say to me, “You heard it
too.”

I stood frozen before he said, “I know you did. That’s why you’re here.”

We spoke for a while, in between humming and tears. Clenched jaws and
bloodshot eyes. I got a few more details about the shift after he hummed
the song on the tier. He said it felt like something was pulling the
song out of him, an immense urge to hum. He kept his mouth closed, bit
his tongue hard enough to make it bleed. It was miserable. He called in
sick the next day and hasn’t been back since.

I wasn’t sure what I believed. The guard had seen a horrible murder that
day. It would have traumatized the most hardened guard. He knew I was
questioning it, questioning his story. Finally he looked at me and said,
“You don’t think I’ve tried to stop.” Tears filled his eyes. 

I prayed with the guard and his wife one last time. It was close to 5 pm
and I needed to get back to the prison. There was a scheduled execution
that afternoon. Normally I would have been present, but the condemned
man had specifically requested that I not attend. I didn’t know him well
enough to take it personally. I planned to return afterward to perform
the rites.

Before I left I spoke to the guards wife in the family room and told her
that I would provide whatever resources they needed. Just then her
husband walked into the room. The towel was removed from his head. A
smile broke across his face. “It’s gone!” he cried. “The f#$%ing song is
gone.”

I couldn’t believe it. His wife ran over and hugged him. They cried
together and thanked me.

As I walked out the front door I got a call from the prison, it was
Rusk. The execution had gone according to plan and I was needed to
conduct the funeral rites for the man executed. An inmate named Sterling
who had spent most of his life behind bars. I asked Rusk when the
execution had happened, he said just a few minutes ago.

I could taste the bile building in my mouth. It was approximately the
same time the guard stopped humming. It doesn’t make sense. When I heard
the humming the first time and it stopped, someone had been murdered.
Now the guard stopped humming, and Sterling was executed. Twice could
still be a coincidence. At least that’s what I keep telling myself.

I asked Rusk if he knew Sterling, the man executed. He said he did, and
added that everyone knew Sterling. I asked why. The phone went silent.
Rusk finally responded. He said everyone knew Sterling because he was
the one that was always humming.

I made my way to the prison morgue to pray over Sterling’s body. The
coroner was still there. I spoke with him briefly about Sterling, he
didn’t know much about him. He did say that he had found a penny in his
mouth. Probably another prison superstition.

I started my prayer and then I heard it. Humming. It was a different
song, not Row row row your boat. It was the coroner. I jumped up,
“don’t” I shouted. He looked at me startled. I told him not to hum. He
apologized and said it was just a habit of working alone in the morgue.
I felt silly, and apologized to him, saying that with everything
happening I was just a bit jumpy. I finished my prayers and left.

I walked down the tier to my office thinking about Stacks, the guards.
About Sterling who I knew so little about. The tier was quiet. There was
a calmness I rarely noticed in prison. Then I felt it. Something strange
inside me. An urge. I took a deep breath and held it as I walked faster
toward my office. The pressure of the air trying to escape my lungs
burned. I’m not sure if it was me or just in my head but I swear I heard
the song. A gentle humming of Row row row your boat.

I let the air explode from my lungs as I shouted “Stop!” I dropped to my
knees, panting. The humming continued, but it wasn’t from me. It was
coming from further down the tier. 

I closed my eyes thinking this was it, the end. Seconds passed and
nothing happened.

Then the humming stopped. I opened my eyes, I was a few feet from the
bars of a cell. I looked in and there was a large man sitting on the
edge of his bed. I scooted backwards across the floor, creating space
between me and him.

The man stood and approached the bars. He told me not to worry, Father.
He heard the humming too. I asked who was humming, and he said it didn’t
matter. He stood there, towering over me, and looked me straight in the
eyes and said, “Because now it’s coming.”
