Six years ago, an entire family disappeared from the small town of
Hopkins. They seemingly vanished without a trace, leaving an empty house
full of their belongings, the car still in the driveway, their shoes
inside on the entry mat. A husband, wife, and two children—Janie and
Judith, ages thirteen and fifteen.

Authorities found no evidence of foul play.

Recently, after the missing family was at last declared deceased, the
only remaining relative, a brother, came to the property to get their
affairs in order. After feeling a “malignant presence,” he decided that
rather than sorting the family’s personal effects himself, he’d hire an
auction company. A trio of staff came to the house to inventory the
furniture and other items for liquidation.

In hours, the entire team was dead.

Authorities determined the deaths to be murder-suicide. The brother
demanded the local sheriffs investigate further, insisting the tragedy
could not have been natural, but the authorities maintained that the
physical evidence was unambiguous: one of the auction staff murdered the
others and then himself. Dissatisfied with their conclusions, the
brother contacted an acclaimed expert on the paranormal, Dr. Goddard.

Goddard and his cameraman brought spirit boxes, EMF readers, and other
equipment to the house and successfully recorded strange temperature
fluxes before Goddard himself witnessed something that led him to decide
the haunting was too dangerous for him to handle alone.

“The entity in this house is malevolent, intelligent, and immensely
powerful—it will require the greatest specialists to pacify it,” he
declared.

Goddard assembled an expert team—a medium, an exorcist, and a paranormal
investigator.

I was brought on to document.

I now find myself in the lobby of a motel, seated around the coffee
table with the rest of our team and tapping out notes as Goddard briefs
us:

“Gentlemen, and dear lady, the goal is simple…” He spreads before us on
the table a folder full of pictures of the house, real estate records,
police reports, and so on. “You will enter the house and pacify the
spirits within. How you handle what I believe to be an aggressively
malevolent entity will be up to your discretion. Each of you brings
unique skills—exorcist, medium, paranormal investigator. And of course
Guo, our cameraman, and Dawain, our journalist. There is just one rule
that you must follow, all of you, at all times:

“No one can be alone in the house, ever, for more than five minutes…”

***

I am sitting here now as Goddard leads the team in formulating a plan
for our arrival, making notes in real time, as I will be for the
duration in order to give as unfiltered a depiction as possible.

I have a notepad as well as a tablet since I have been warned that
paranormal phenomena sometimes interfere with electronics.

This is my first time meeting each of the experts. For privacy, names
have been changed, but all other details are as accurate as I can make
them:

The exorcist: The old man sitting to my right exudes the sort of
gravitas that would lend itself perfectly to cinema. With bristling
eyebrows above a priest’s collar, Father Corwin is the stern patriarch
of our group. His hands have a tremor when he lifts his coffee cup, and
his soft, withered skin suggests he is nearing eighty. Yet to whatever
lurks in the house, he may be the greatest threat, as he boasts decades
of experience and claims to have successfully conducted dozens of
exorcisms.

Six weeks prior to the family’s disappearance, he met with them over the
parents’ claim that the girls were “summoning demons.” After
interviewing both girls, he judged them to be ordinary troubled teens
whose friction with their stepmother was causing family dysfunction. He
recommended counseling.

Father Corwin now feels both guilt and obligation to pacify an evil he
may have overlooked.

The medium: Chiming in with frequent interruptions to Goddard’s
presentation is a plump woman with flowing black hair, rings on every
finger, and a jade owl pendant. Internationally acclaimed for her
channelings of departed spirits, Madam Savino is the most financially
successful of our gathering, with popular books such as How to Read
Auras: A Primer for Beginners, and The Third Eye and How to Open It. Her
ability to commune with spirits will likely put her center stage—exactly
where she seems to wish to be.

She’s chatty, bubbly, and if you were to meet her outside the context of
the spiritual and spooky, she might remind you of your overbearing aunt.

The investigator: Rounding out our fellowship is the paranormal
investigator who calls himself Coyote, casual in his tank and jeans and
sporting the tattoo of a coyote on one arm, a busty woman in red on the
other. With a seemingly bottomless supply of blunts in his pocket, he
seems less investigator than junkie, his eyes restless from either too
much caffeine or ADHD as he bounces his leg.

Coyote is newer to the field, and he admitted to me during a smoke break
that his credentials are “ninety percent fabrication, just like most
hauntings.” I have to wonder why Goddard hired him.

Then there is Guo, the cameraman.

And of course myself. I am a journalist, and everything I write in this
account is what I have observed firsthand. For years, I have been a
thorn in Goddard’s side, ever since I published an article about a
conference he chaired on the paranormal. I reported that despite
compelling anecdotes, Goddard’s theories were not rigorous enough to
withstand scientific scrutiny. And maybe this—our history, my
skepticism—is the reason he reached out to me for this assignment.
Hoping his greatest critic would be converted into a champion of his
life’s work.

Or maybe it’s because I once lived in the same small town the killings
occurred in.

Now, I pause in my notetaking to glance up and ask, “Why five minutes?”

“That is how long I was alone before…” Goddard trails off. He mutters,
“If I were to tell you right now that I saw a pink elephant, you might
say my comments influenced you to imagine your own pink elephant. So, I
will only disclose the details of my encounter after you bear witness.
The cameraman has a sketch I drew, and once you’ve encountered the
entity, he will show it to you to see if our experiences match… Suffice
to say, what I saw was enough to convince me I need you. And you all
will need each other—”

“Teamwork makes the dream work!” interjects Madam Savino. “If we’re
together, it’ll be tougher for any malevolent entities to influence us,
and even if they do, we’ll be more likely to notice before it’s too
late.”

“Precisely,” agrees Goddard. “We know from the police reports that the
auction staff were inventorying separate rooms of the house when one of
them snapped and murdered the others. The incidents happen when the
victim is isolated. And that is why it is imperative you stick together.
When you enter, I think it’s best if Madam Savino starts—”

“Abso-posi-lutely,” Madam Savino again interjects. “I’ll see what I can
sense with my third eye…” She taps her forehead, glances at me, and
explains, “I search for psychic echoes, memories that have stuck to the
house or to objects. I’ll try to read from the spirit’s emotions what
must be done to allow it to cross over… but if it’s an aggressive
entity, that’s where Father Corwin comes in.”

Father Corwin steeples his fingers and nods.

“So Madam Savino locates the spirit, Father Corwin expels it, and
Coyote…” I say, pausing in notetaking to glance at the tattooed young
man.

Coyote’s eyes are fixed vacantly on the table. Just as I’m about to
nudge him, he blurts: “Where did the bodies go?”

“Hm?” says Goddard.

“Who moved the bodies?” He repeats, pointing to the photo of the
family—a somber man, a smiling wife, and two young teens.

“Nobody moved them, as far as we know,” says Goddard.

“Exactly.” Coyote seems irked that his question isn’t understood. “Are
we so sure they died? Or that there wasn’t foul play—maybe one family
member killed the others?”

“Coyote—”

“Bodies stink. They rot. They’re impossible to ignore, unless they’re
deliberately concealed. Spirits don’t do coverups. Paranormal entities
don’t conceal crimes. So I repeat, who hid the bodies?”

It’s a good question, and it brings all of us up short.

Goddard clears his throat. “And this is why I have chosen all three of
you—psychic, priest, and investigator. At the time of the family’s
disappearance, there was no evidence of foul play, and the authorities
assumed the family had left. Their search of the house and its grounds
turned up nothing, but… as Coyote says, where are the bodies? Find the
bodies, and you find the answers. That said, I must echo Madam Savino’s
warnings. This is NOT like anything you have dealt with before. A salt
circle will not protect you. Standard blessings will not be enough. Your
skepticism is no shield against what lurks in that house. Your lives,
from the very moment you set foot inside, will be in extreme and
immediate danger.

“Tonight, rest well. Make whatever arrangements you need for yourselves
and your families before tomorrow. And remember…” He stares hard into
each of our eyes in turn. “No one, not for any reason, should be alone
inside more than five minutes.”

***

Find the bodies, and you find the answers.

Why did the bodies go missing? The more I ponder it, the less sense it
makes. Either the family is still alive and in hiding (but why?), or the
bodies were hidden by a killer who departed the house without leaving a
trace.

The father, Nicholas, was a moderately successful realtor. His first
wife died when the children were still young. He married his second
wife, Bernadette, some years later. According to Father Corwin, the
girls—Janie and Judith—were troubled teens “led astray by the degeneracy
of modern American culture.” The younger hated their new stepmother. The
older was boy-crazy and pregnant. Still, there’s nothing to suggest why
all four disappeared, leaving shoes on the mat, keys by the door, and
their car sitting in the driveway.

Could someone local have held a grudge against the family? Maybe the
teen pregnancy was the motive? Small towns like Hopkins are rife with
secrets simmering under the surface. It’s one of the reasons my family
moved. But if someone came to the house and murdered them and hid the
bodies…

Where?

I review photos of the property.

A nice house, in pictures. Two stories, large yard and an enormous oak
out front. The property is isolated, far from any urban center and with
the nearest neighbors several minutes’ walk along the lane. Behind the
house stretches several miles of woodlands. An easy place to make bodies
disappear…

There are about five hundred homes in the small town of Hopkins, but
only this home’s notoriety has spread to the surrounding areas, such
that if you mention, “the Hopkins House,” everyone knows which house you
mean. But as for how the house became haunted? Nobody knows.

***

10am, and everyone is in high spirits, energized by the motel’s mediocre
continental breakfast. Goddard is driving, Father Corwin stoic in the
front passenger seat, and our cameraman captures some candid footage of
Coyote and Madam Savino bantering: “Hey,” Coyote says, “why did the
terrible psychic get hit by a bus?”

“Oh my gawd, I tell this one at every convention!” Madam Savino leans
in. “Because she didn’t see it coming!”

“I heard it was to get to the other side—”

—and then all their joking is forgotten as we round the corner of the
narrow lane.

A tall, beige house sits on a sloping hill with trees on one side and in
the front a large oak with a rope hanging from it. It is not, like some
famously haunted houses, an especially dilapidated dwelling. It has tidy
white-trimmed windows and a blue front door. Other than the overgrown
weeds, it looks like it could have been plucked from any town in
America. As I gaze on the driveway leading up to the garage, I feel
almost… disappointed. After so much build up from Goddard, this looks
far too ordinary to be the site of such horrors.

“I’ll be driving back down the lane,” says Goddard as we clamber out.
“If you need to retreat to the van, that’s where to find me, at the
bend.”

“Why all the way down there?” asks Coyote, frowning as he glances back
down the lane, perhaps calculating the distance.

“Because I don’t know the range of the haunting’s effects. I want to
make sure at least one of us is far enough to be able to call for backup
if necessary.”

“Backup from who?” asks Madam Savino. “The Podunk police?”

Goddard shrugs and says yes, probably the police.

On a laptop in the front passenger seat, I spot myself standing there
awkwardly with my tablet, a notebook and pen under my arm. The cameraman
tells us to smile for our future viewers, and Coyote and Madam Savino
both grin and blow kisses, while I wave awkwardly and Father Corwin’s
eyebrows bristle in disapproval at their mugging for the camera.

“Good luck,” Goddard says.

And then rather unceremoniously, he shuts the van door and drives away,
rattling down the lane and out of sight…

… leaving us on the pavement.

It strikes me then that Goddard is afraid of the house. Afraid to set
foot inside again after his brief encounter with the spirit. The same
realization seems to hit the rest of our group as we turn to face the
bright blue door.

“Cue scary violins,” mutters Coyote.

Nothing but us and the house.

***

On entering, the foyer looks normal. Cream colored walls, ceiling light,
side table, shoes on the mat. Eerie. Like the family is still home. The
house is clean except for dust from years of sitting empty.

From the foyer, a hallway leads to a bedroom and bathroom. The bedroom
is painted pink but bare of decoration, though holes in the wall suggest
it once had pictures or posters.

In the other direction, the house opens up to the main room, dining room
and kitchen, as well as the staircase.

Through windows in the main room I see the yard, grassy and overgrown.
Nothing feels out of the ordinary.

Madam Savino keeps making exclamations. “Oh,” she says. “Oh. Can you
feel that? The house… it’s full of anger.”

And, “I can feel the sense of ill will… the spirit here is very strong…
and very vindictive.”

And, “The feeling of malice… it isn’t human. This entity, whatever it
is, is pure evil.”

I catch Coyote rolling his eyes. The cameraman zooms in on Madam Savino,
but despite her proclamations, I do not feel anything except emptiness
in the house.

We ascend the staircase.

The cameraman says: “You seeing all this?”

“I’m seeing it.” Goddard’s voice sounds tinny and muffled from the
cameraman’s phone, affixed to his camera on a video call that Goddard is
recording. “Clear picture so far.”

“Faint traces of blood on the stairs,” The cameraman says, zooming in on
the carpeted staircase.

“I’ll n…tify Clement,” Goddard’s voice cuts in and out over the poor
connection. Clement is the name of the out-of-state brother of the
missing family, now trying to sell the house. “That’s good to know about
the stairs… he’ll want to replace that carpet. He had the place
thoroughly cleaned, but apparently not th…ly enough.”

The speckles of blood are a disconcerting reminder of the second tragedy
that occurred at the house. When auction staff came to inventory items
for liquidation, one of them used a kitchen knife to stab his
compatriots—ambushing his first victim in the study, the other on the
landing—before slitting his own throat. The man who committed the
murders had no history of violence or mental health struggles before he
“just snapped,” at least according to the local authorities. They cited
some complaints he’d made against auction management.

Aside from the spattering of blood, the rest of the landing is clean. In
one direction lies the master bedroom and bathroom. In the other
direction, Coyote sets his hand on the door to the study.

“… the study is where I was when I encountered… it.” Goddard’s tinny
voice pipes up from my pocket.

Coyote braces himself and glances back at us. “Ready?” he asks everyone.
“If it’s a spirit, Madam Savino pacifies it. If it’s a demon, Father
Corwin exorcises it. And if it’s a creepy clown…” He turns the knob. “…
I’ll go for the juggler.”

… There is a beat, and then a deep sigh on the phone from Goddard, who
growls at us to be on our guard. Coyote pushes open the door…

The study is empty.

***

Among the files Goddard sent to me about the Hopkins House is a video
file labeled “camera 03/01.”

The grainy video shows Goddard’s encounter with the entity in the study.
It was recorded by several stationary cameras Goddard had set up around
the house. In the footage, Goddard can be seen twisting dials on a
spirit box (a radio wave scanner that picks up fragments of voices and
static). His grey eyebrows are fiercely knit together, his lips turned
down in a frown as the radio static sputters. The video seems to come in
and out as he turns the dial. Then a girl’s voice comes across the
radio, loud, weepy: “… the devil. The …aby is the devi—” The static
turns to a high pitched noise, then silence as camera03 cuts out.

Cut to camera01, the first floor hallway. Goddard can be seen
slack-jawed drifting down the stairs. He mutters to himself, a phrase
that sounds like gibberish. He continues for two minutes, his eyes
rolling in his head and his body shaking, and then the cameraman’s voice
calls, “Dr. Goddard!” and he starts awake. In his notes, Goddard has
attempted to decipher the gibberish. He believes what he was saying is:
“Ab insidiis diaboli, libera nos, Domine.”

From the snares of the devil, deliver us, Lord.

***

Having found nothing in the study, we have only the bedroom at the end
of the hall remaining. It is a girl’s bedroom, with an excess of pillows
and a crib in the corner—not yet assembled. Presumably the older teen,
Judith’s, room. Madam Savino makes a beeline for the crib and picks up a
baby onesie.

“My baby!” she wails. “My baby is… NO! No, no!” Then she shudders, her
eyelids fluttering. “I’m… drowning in darkness… and above, light… an
eclipse… an eclipse…”

I catch Coyote rolling his eyes and slipping away. I follow him
downstairs and out the backdoor to the yard, where he lights up a joint.

The sun is so bright as I step onto the grass that I squint, blinking
against the rays.

“I take it you’re not convinced by Madam Savino’s theatrics?” I ask.

“I mean, a buncha people died or disappeared here. Definitely giving me
the heebie jeebies. But is that enough to call it haunted? We’ll know
shit’s real when the signs get louder.”

“How do they get louder?”

“Someone dies.” He shrugs, then points at a metal round object jutting
from the grass. “You seeing what I’m seeing?”

“What? The septic tank?”

Coyote approaches the round metal hatch, unlatches the lid and hefts it
open, and both of us stagger back from the wave of rot and sewage that
wafts up from the foul liquid below. Coyote leans over the opening, and
for a moment I envision him toppling in. Suddenly I understand. A family
of four goes missing… and right on the property is a tank that hasn’t
been drained since before the disappearances.

“… maybe Madam Savino’s vision isn’t so far off after all. A white
light. An eclipse…” Coyote grunts as he pushes the lid closed. “If there
was a girl with a pregnancy someone wanted to hide, maybe the last thing
she saw…” He raps his knuckles on the tank. “… was this.”

***

Goddard rages at us for leaving the group. “I understand you have not
yet seen proof of the house’s haunting. But it is haunted, and both of
you need to follow this one very clear and s…mple rule,” roars Goddard’s
staticky voice. “Never separate from the team, and never, NEVER—”

“Be alone more than five minutes,” Coyote says, holding the phone away
from his ear. “Got it. What about the septic tank?”

“What about it? You said it yourself last night, only a criminal would…
eek t… cover a crime. But …olice found no signs of a struggle, no forced
entry, no indications of any crime having taken place… and the lid to
the tank was not open. And unlike spirits, human criminals do leave
physical evidence. There is no reason to …ain the tank.”

He declares we will take a short bathroom break, and when he returns, we
will initiate phase two of our mission at the Hopkins House: Father
Corwin will conduct a blessing to pacify the malignant presence.

***

It’s been a full forty minutes.

During this time, I’ve cleaned up my prose and typed up some handwritten
notes. Goddard has neither texted nor called. The cameraman says Goddard
drove to a gas station to use the facilities and because this area is so
rural, he likely is out of cell range. He tries for the umpteenth time
to reach him and wanders off in search of a better signal. Coyote,
meanwhile, is poking around in the garage while the rest of us sit on
the driveway. The garage door is up, and I see him hold up a gas can and
shake it. “Found some gasoline! If it is haunted and we need to light
the place up—”

“Put it back,” says Madam Savino.

“I’m just saying, if the family turn out to be zombies—”

“Coyote.”

“HEY!!!” The cameraman’s shouts interrupt them. “EVERYONE! HURRY UP!
COME SEE!”

We join the cameraman at the side of the house and follow his excited
gesturing at a bunch of grass and bushes.

No, he’s pointing at something behind the bushes. All but obscured—

A small, dusty window.

“What is this?” asks Father Corwin.

“A… basement window?” says Coyote.

“But there was no basement inside…” Madam Savino says.

“A secret basement.” The cameraman’s eyes glint. “I don’t think even
Clement knows this is here—when he showed us through the house
originally, he said it was just two floors.”

“It can’t be just the window. There must be an entrance somewhere,” says
Coyote.

We head inside to search for a hidden door, staying in a group as we
check the pantry and closets, banging around for false walls. We move
quickly, nobody wanting to linger too long. And finally, finding no way
into any basement, we return to that narrow window. A dusty rectangle of
darkness.

Coyote and I squat in the bushes and peek through the glass with our
phone lights. And for the first time since our arrival at the house, my
stomach flips, my skin prickling with excitement. Because if the cops
really didn’t know about this—and it does seem like no one knew since
even the brother was unaware of it—then this is a genuine breakthrough.
We’ll be the first people inside since the family went missing.

And then, ice blooms in my veins.

What if the missing family is inside?

“So… we think this is where they are?” says Coyote, voicing my fear.

“Nobody’s looked here before…” Madam Savino joins us in shining her cell
phone light into the dark. “It makes sense they’re probably down there…”

“Should we call the cops?” I wonder.

Everybody looks at me.

But if there are any gruesome discoveries to be made down there, police
would tape it all off without allowing any of us to go in and document.
And calling the cops isn’t nearly as good an ending to the article I
intend to write as a story in which we, ourselves, go in and find
whatever waits in the terrifying blackness below.

“I think there’s a door at the back…” Madam Savino has her face right up
against the glass. She shoves branches out of her hair and straightens
up. “It might lead to stairs. Someone’ll have to go in and find where it
goes.” She looks at Coyote.

“Nope.”

“Quit being a wuss!”

“Wuss!” he says. “Lady, it’s a pitch dark basement full of dead people—”

“Not full,” scoffs Madam Savino. “There might be four.”

“There are definitely four! And anyone who goes in alone gonna make it
five—”

“I’ll go,” I interrupt.

Everyone stares at me.

“I’ll go,” I repeat. “I’m a journalist, I’m documenting all of this, and
I don’t believe this house is haunted. I’ll go. And when I find the door
I’ll bang on it to help you find where it is so you can let me out.”

“RIP Dawain,” mutters Coyote.

“If I scream, obviously call the cops. But I won’t scream unless I’m
genuinely in danger. And I don’t believe I will be.”

The more I speak, the more confident I feel. After all, what have we
witnessed so far? Some spooky “visions” from Madam Savino, and Goddard’s
“trance” in which he spoke Latin? None of it amounts to much. The camera
footage of Goddard’s gibberish is by far the creepiest offering, but to
be clear—the man has a vested interest in convincing the world of this
haunting, so footage of himself under thrall isn’t exactly credible. And
nothing I’ve borne witness to has substantiated his claims.

Besides, I won’t even have to break Goddard’s five minute rule to go
down there. It shouldn’t take me more than a minute or two to locate the
stairs. If I run into anything too spooky, I’ll just come back through
the window.

***

I’m about to go in.

My phone battery is full, its flashlight beaming strongly. And yes, I
admit, I’m nervous. I’m a little scared to see dead bodies. But also
eager. Because if they really are down there, at last we will know what
happened to the family.

I will follow up with another post when I am able. Going in now.

Wish meluck.
