Does anyone know how to get out of a Starbucks contract?

I just started my new job and I already want to quit. I REALLY want to
quit. Because this shit isn’t normal. I mean, is it? Do you guys have
experience with this type of shit, or is it a normal thing when moving
to the city? I’m a small-town girl so I’m not used to this. We didn’t
even have a Starbucks. Just a diner that had been broken into multiple
times over the years.

Do you know the bad feeling you get when something bad is going to
happen, but you ignore it for the sake of staying sane? .Yeah.

It was one of those situations.

But I needed cash. I needed a job. College in the city is expensive,
especially in my mid-twenties. Uber Eats every night and various
subscriptions, such as Netflix and Spotify—as well as basic living needs
required cash. So, naturally, I looked for part-time jobs I could use to
fill up my weekend and nights. When it came to job hunting, I was fairly
lazy. So, the Starbucks job kinda came out of nowhere.

I wasn’t even looking for it. I was applying for a job in the local
music store when it caught my eye. Someone to work late evenings and
nights on weekdays and Saturdays. The job description didn’t say much,
just basic pay details and a full paragraph dedicated to talking about
“The Starbucks Family”. Skim reading it, I skipped to the APPLY NOW
button and sent in my resume via email. Two hours.

It had taken two hours to get an email back offering a video interview
the next day—and a guaranteed job if I didn’t screw it up. The video
interview went well to my surprise. The woman who conducted it acted
more like a friend, asking me what my favorite movies and TV shows were,
and then going into detail about her own.

It didn’t even feel like an interview. More like a chat. Which was
exactly what the email said it was going to be. The interviewer was my
mom’s age, a total mom-like persona. She offered me iced tea before
laughing and realizing we were on a video call. Her cat popped up
halfway through her introducing several staff members by name. A large
tabby whom she picked up and hugged to her chest. I wasn’t sure what to
do except repeatedly say, “Aww.” and force an even bigger smile.

The woman who for some reason did not introduce herself finished the
interview with a more formal and thorough talk-through of rules and
regulations. Which went in one ear and out the other. I think I was too
excited about the job as a whole. There’s something almost mythical
about working at Starbucks. I’ve seen barista TikTok complaining about
customer service and harping about in the back rooms. It looked fun.
Plus, free drinks? I figured working at the famous coffee chain would at
least have benefits and freebies.

The woman spoke to me for almost two hours about certain drinks, telling
me I would be trained up, and then going on to explain the dos and
don’ts in a working environment. It was kind of patronizing, but I
figured she had to be to remain professional. I tuned out when she
started talking about a certain “feud” they had with another store down
the road. The woman didn’t go into detail, but her expression did darken
significantly when she leaned closer to her screen and repeated the
phrase, “Do you understand me?” I had to backtrack and try and go over
what she had been saying, but I had found myself mesmerized by the
gilded sword in the background. It hung from the back wall in all of its
glory, and I was having a hard time trying to figure out why exactly a
Starbucks manager had a sword hanging from her wall.

“Sim?” Inclining her head, the manager cleared her throat. “Did you hear
me?”

I did. Sort of. Under no circumstances must I visit or go near 2nd
Street Starbucks. If I did there would be dire consequences and I would
face losing my job, or worse.

I wasn’t sure what “or worse” was, but from the way her expression
twisted from funny-cat-lady to a potential employer, I didn’t want to
ask.

Yikes.

“Uh, yeah,” I said. “I can’t go near the 2nd Street store.” I almost
choked on a glass of water I had been slowly sipping throughout the
interview. I had been sweating most of the day, dying in the intense
June heat. It was a lot cooler in the evening in the city, but I was
used to draining at least ten glasses a day. “Is that real?” I couldn’t
help asking, pointing to the sword behind her.

I know you are supposed to maintain a certain professional persona and
façade during professional work interviews with potential managers.
However, I really wanted to know if that ancient thing was real, it was
driving me crazy. Because questions were arising in my head: How did she
get it? Was it hers? Was it for some kind of aesthetic and feng-shui, or
was there more to it? From the look on the interviewer’s face, she
seemed startled.

Whipping her head around, her strict grey ponytail hitting the screen,
she nodded before turning back to me, her gaze flicking down to what I
presumed was a script she was reading off—or maybe she was skimming
through my printed-out resume. I wanted to ask her more about the
elephant in the room, but she seemed satisfied with answering my
question with a nod. She asked me more questions, mostly about my work
ethic and if I enjoyed working in a team and independently, if I had any
special requirements, and oddly—if I had ever held a firearm. Now, that
caused alarm bells. Along with the gilded sword dangling from this
forty-something-year-old’s lounge wall, I was definitely starting to
question the exact nature of what I would be doing at this job. Serving
coffee was an obvious one, though I was pretty sure Starbucks barista’s
didn’t require military-style training.

When I didn’t know what to say, she seemed to back-pedal. “Oh, it’s in
case of a robbery.” She said. But her expression stayed stoic. Speaking
in the tone of being joking, but not being joking. “It is rare. However,
it is a precaution we must take.” Choosing her words carefully, the
interviewer steepled her hands in front of her face, leaning her chin on
her fingers. “Our employees are given basic fire-arm training in the
instance that one day we may face a difficult situation. Now, I am not
saying it is inevitable, but due to certain behavior throughout the
years, it is, of course, better to be safe than sorry.”

“Oh.” I tried to smile. “No, I haven’t,” I paused, hoping my lack of
ability to hold a gun wouldn’t screw up my chances. “But I can learn?”

I said it like a question because it was a question. I was questioning
myself why exactly I would take up my time learning to shoot a gun I
most likely never would need. To my surprise though, the woman’s smile
brightened and she looked down at whatever she was writing.

“Of course,” she said. “Sim, I am very happy to hear that. We love
employees who do their best to learn and thrive in our working
environment,” she paused and typed something on her laptop before her
gaze found mine. “I’ll put you down for lessons on Friday mornings. How
does that sound?” Before I could answer her—because I was starting to
seriously question why she was so obsessed with training me to use a
goddamn gun—she was nodding to herself. “I will put Jude in charge of
you. I think he is working on Friday, so your induction and welcome can
be completed in the morning…”

She trailed off into her own murmured conversation to herself before
clearing her throat. I jumped. I didn’t mean to jump, but her whole
presence was putting me on edge. The lady had been nicer on the phone,
and earlier on in the interview when she was grilling me on which Frozen
character was my favorite.

“Okay!” The interviewer gathered up her paperwork, beaming at me through
the camera. “Can you start tomorrow? Let’s say…” her eyebrows furrowed
together. “5:30? I will not be there for the first hour due to certain
obligations,” she traced her lip with the tip of her index. “However, I
have four employees working the front desk, I’m sure they will give you
a warm welcome.” I noticed something twitch on her lips. It was almost
like she was trying to stop herself from laughing—which was childish
from a standpoint where I was the younger one, while she was the senior.
She was supposed to be setting some kind of standard, and yet for some
reason was more inclined in teasing me about workplace friendships, and
apparently how “close” my colleagues were. I wasn’t stupid, I knew what
friendship was like in the workplace. It’s not “real” because you’re all
there to do a job, not making lifelong friendships.

“I’m looking forward to meeting them,” I said when she snorted out a
laugh that twisted up my gut.

“Absolutely,” she responded. “The team is very close, so don’t take it
personally if they’re initially cautious. I’m confident that you’ll all
become great friends! Kai is a kind-hearted sweetheart, while Ana may
seem standoffish initially, but she’ll warm up to you once you get to
know her. Jude, on the other hand, will be your guide during the
orientation, so it’s best to stay close to him. In fact, it’s
recommended to shadow him during your first few hours since he’s our top
performer! Frankly, Sim, I can hardly wait for you to meet them! They’re
a great group!” This woman seemed to suddenly discover the use of
expletives, or maybe she had noticed I visibly wanted to crawl into the
ground. The way she was describing the other employees, I was expecting
cartoon characters when I walked through the door.

“Right,” I said. I was starting to regret applying. “I’ll be there.”

She ended the call with a bright smile, and her stupid cat walking on
the keyboard, causing her to squeak out in horror. I shut my laptop, my
cheeks burning. Well, that went…? Well? Could I really say it went well
when the manager had spent the last five minutes implying my work
colleagues were going to hate me? Fuck.

I didn’t want to go. I trashed my application and deleted her number
from my phone. But the morning after, however, I came to the quick
realization through precious morning caffeine, that I needed cash. So,
no matter how much I didn’t want to go—I had to. So, I headed to classes
and tried not to think about it. It was 5:34 when I stepped into the
familiar glow of the famous store—not before being stopped in the middle
of a crowed by a girl wearing bright pink ray-bans and a scowl. “Do you
work there?” she turned and pointed to the store.

I shrugged. “I guess.”

She scoffed, slipping off her ray-bans and fixing me with a bitchy
smile. “Your funeral.”

Normally, in situations when strangers say odd things to me on the
street, I just laugh it off. But this? This seemed personal.

“What?”

The girl didn’t say anything before turning and walking or rather
running away.

Well, that was weird.

After that encounter, I was weighing the positives and negatives of
taking up the job. The positives would be cash and something to occupy
my mind away from classes, and the negatives were being stuck with
insufferable colleagues and a manager who was the embodiment of
unprofessional. The store was pretty empty when I stepped through
automatic doors, reveling in the cooling fan blasting icy cold air in my
face. A dark-haired college girl had her back to me, cleaning tables.
But I noticed her stiffening up when I took a step forward. She
straightened up like a cat going into territorial mode, before relaxing
and holding a two-fingered hand up.

The store was empty so I had no idea who she was signaling to. It wasn’t
a greeting to me—I had no idea what it was. I was halfway to the counter
before a guy popped up out of nowhere, mid-way through drying a cup with
a washrag. His hair was the first thing I noticed. Bright red.

In contrast to his pasty skin, this guy would definitely stand out in a
crowd. He was my age or maybe a little older, mid twenties, with a wide
smile and not much of anything else, kitted in a short-sleeved shirt,
and a Starbucks apron over the top.

I expected quirky cartoon-like weirdos and I got an average Joe. I
wasn’t complaining.

Initially, I thought this guy was just another jock-like college guy.
But looking closer, the friendliness in his eyes wasn’t sincere, and his
smile was strained. Keeping up a professional attitude, he regarded me
with a smile, leaning across the counter. But his eyes kept flicking to
the door in quick succession like he was waiting for a certain someone
to come in. “You.” He pointed at me, trailing his finger to the door,
swiping hair from his face with his hand. The guy was bouncing on the
heels of his toes, I noticed. He couldn’t stand still, like a
hyperactive child. “You’re Sim, The newbie I’m supposed to be training.”

I nodded, offering a nervous wave.

“Jude.” He introduced himself, though clearly distracted, his gaze
flicking to and from the door. His facade was friendly enough, but very
fake. It was the same smile I presumed he flashed at customers who
complimented his looks. “Hey, Sim.”

Instead of holding out his hand for me to shake, he folded his arms
across his chest. Jude cocked his head, drinking me in before his lips
broke out into a beam.

“Shall we get started?”

Jude started the tour, showing me the store itself, then the back, the
storage room, the staff room, and bizarrely, a wooden door which he
referred to as, “The Drink”. I had no idea what that meant, but I made a
mental note to steer away from it.

The backrooms of the store turned into a labyrinth. The place was
covered in mold, peeling paint on the doors and old rugged floor tiles.
Jude spoke way too fast like he was intentionally trying to confuse me.
By the time I was struggling with my apron, he was turning on his heels
with a brow raised. “Your hair is too long so you need to tie it up. You
can shadow me this evening but don’t get in my way. We have two
twenty-minute breaks and during them, we are contractually obligated to
go down to the Second Street store and throw eggs at their windows—ooh,
and the girl you just met who didn’t say a word? That’s Ana. You will
get used to her.” His smile reached a level of fake I didn’t think was
possible. “Why don’t you follow me?”

“What?” I managed to hiss out when Jude was leading me down a long,
winding corridor that dipped into various rooms, out-of-order elevators,
and the creepiest set of stairs I had ever seen leading into the pitch
dark. I was still trying to register his words.

Jude twisted around with a frown. “What’s up?” He nodded at a passing
blonde girl who shot me a smile, and hive-fived Jude before disappearing
through a door.

“You throw eggs at the store down the road?”

The guy’s lip twitched into the start of a smile. He turned around,
quickening his pace. “Did I say that? Obviously, I was joking.”

I stumbled after him, knocking into a dark-haired younger guy carrying a
tray of cupcakes. He and Jude seemed to exchange words without speaking
before Jude gestured to the stranger. Somehow, I figured out their
telepathic conversation through eye movements and strained smiles, they
weren’t talking about me. “That’s Kai,” Jude said, pushing through the
doors back to the main storefront. He took a customer’s order, retaining
that stupid smile. “If you need any help with making those annoying
TikTok drinks that take a millennia to make and have probably broken
several Geneva convention rules?” He playfully knocked into me while
preparing a drink, his hands knowing where everything was, preparing and
serving a latte in a matter of minutes, “Kai is your guy! He runs our
social media page and is practically a connoisseur on the next big
trend. He’ll deal with zoomers.”

I was slowly starting to ease my way into this job, and my colleagues
seemed pretty cool. Jude actually helped me all the way through the
evening, introducing his home life and how he grew up as he cleaned
tables and conversed with the others—always throwing me into their
chatting so I didn’t get left out. I ended up sorting through cookies
and making price labels with Aurora, the perky blonde who high-fived
Jude earlier. She spoke to me like we had been best friends for years,
and that part of her charm made me instantly adore her. She was tiny for
her age, but a menace when it came to her sharp tongue and language. I
didn’t think a tiny thing like her could swear like a goddamn sailor,
but it was cute. Jude and Aurora had a sibling-type thing going on,
though every time I caught Kai’s eye, he was smirking. It seemed
everyone knew they had a thing except them.

I was actually having fun with the others, bobbing my head to the radio
while serving a group of kids, when Jude, who was next to me, seemed to
go rigid all of a sudden. His laughing smile carved into something else.
I had never seen an expression change so fast.

But he wasn’t the only one. Aurora, cleaning tables and giggling at
Jude’s joke, straightened up, her eyes flashing to the door. Kai’s head
snapped up from where he had been grinding coffee. Following their gaze,
I found myself face-to-face with the manager who interviewed me. But
unlike the night before, she was not smiling. The woman dropped her bag
at the door before marching towards the counter. Jude leaned over; his
expression apprehensive.

“Well?”

His eyes as well as his tone had darkened significantly. All of my
colleagues had taken off these masks, these facades of joking smiles and
bright eyes, and now I was seeing a glimmer of what they were hiding.
What Jude had been looking for all evening, sneaking glances at the
door. I watched his gaze follow the manager as she paced back and forth,
chewing her nails. “Where is he?”

“I don’t know.” She finally said, lifting her head. Her lips were
twisted. “But.” She said, spitting each word, as she rounded the
counter, helping herself to coffee. “You’re going to pay a visit to them
right now, and…and sort this out once and for all.” Her voice resembled
that of a mother talking to her children. She was assertive to them, her
eyes piercing. Do you understand me?” The woman nodded at Jude. “You can
go.” Her eyes found mine. “Take the new girl, she needs to be inducted.”
Finally, she turned to Ana, who was standing in the corner silently.
“You are too. I need brains, and Jude is just brawn. Keep him on his
toes, young lady.”

With a hint of sarcasm in his tone, Jude uttered a brief “Thanks,” and
then proceeded to take a coffee cup and a Sharpie. Swiftly, he scrawled
some words on the side of the cup, before placing it inside a bag and
plonking it in front of me. As Jude reached for his coat at the back, he
put it on over his green Starbucks apron, creating a striking contrast
with his denim blue sherpa. With his mop of red curls, this guy was in
no way going to be as incognito as he thought. “We’ll manage the
conversation,” he said hurriedly, visibly excited. Jude seemed to lead
the others in their expressions, his confidence and wit causing them to
brighten up, adapting wide smiles. He shoved his hands in his pockets,
“All you gotta do is hand them this, okay?”

“Is that a good…” Kai drifted off on whatever he was about to say,
ducking his head when Jude shot him a glare.

“I think it’s a perfect idea!” The manager beamed at me. “What a way to
fully bring you into our family!”

I took the coffee cup (the empty coffee cup) hesitantly. “What is it?”

“It’s a gift!” Jude said, moving towards the door in long strides. It
was all too noticeable that this guy was practically vibrating with an
energy I had never known. It was almost manic. “I want to let them know
we appreciate them! Y’know! Rival to rival.”

Kai stepped in front of him on the way out.

“Be careful,” he said in a low hum. Aurora joined him, but she wasn’t
speaking, her left-hand tugging at the waistband of her jeans. “Keep
your head down when you go in because they’ll be expecting you—and
they’ll be expecting a retaliation.”

“Relaaaaax, it’s Cora! We used to date!” he cocked his head. “I think.”

“I mean it.”

Jude’s gaze found mine for a moment before his smile grew. “Well, we
have enough eggs don’t we?” He grabbed my arm, pulling me along. Ana was
already gone. I could see her figure already slinking down the street,
bleeding into the shadow.

When the two of us hit the cool night air and Jude quickened his pace
into a power-walk, his eyes set forwards, jaw set, I figured I should
ask what his deal was. If this guy was serious about vandalizing a rival
Starbucks, and not just that, urged by his manager, then I had to say
something.

The thought of ending up in jail being petty over a rival store made me
feel nauseous.

“So, what is this about?” I asked, catapulting myself into a half-run to
keep up with him. The guy had abnormally long legs, so he was halfway
across the sidewalk while I was barely two steps in front. “Aren’t you
taking this a little too seriously?”

Jude didn’t reply, instead remarking on the sky being filled with stars.

“Hey, Ana!” He shouted. “Wait up!”

Second Street Starbucks was like walking into a palace. I could tell why
these guys were rivals. The place was a three-floored beast, a glass
building made up of a Starbucks downstairs, a library, and a private
apartment. I found myself mesmerized by the twinkling lights on the
door, the mini water fountain through large windows showing an even
bigger storefront with rich-looking wooden tables and reclining chairs.
The store was closing. When we stepped in front of the door, there was a
sign which clearly said CLOSED on the front.

Still, though, Ana pushed her way through it, followed by Jude, pulling
me along with him. Two employees were working, a guy with short blondish
hair mopping the floors, and a girl standing at the counter, going
through the register. The moment we stepped inside, the guy cleaning up
stopped mopping from side to side, his fingers visibly tightening around
the mop handle. “Hey there!”

With one of his best fake smiles, Jude raised his arms in surrender.
“We’re from the Starbucks down the road. We come in peace, don’t worry!”
He gestured to me.

“Can we talk to your manager?”

He took a step, his lip twitching, eyes glinting, which caused a stir in
the air. The girl at the counter stopped flicking through a wad of cash
in her hand and delicately put it down, and the guy turned to face us
with wary eyes.

As Jude took another stride forward, his movements resembled a dance,
and I noticed he was having fun teasing them. His eyes sparkled with a
childlike glee that was unexpected for a person in his twenties. “Would
you like to try our latest coffee recipe? It’s like sipping on liquid
sunshine.” He nonchalantly brushed his jeans, and I half-expected him to
pull out an egg. “But…” Jude took another step, and Ana situated herself
behind the blonde boy, her expression blank. “You’ve already tasted it,
haven’t you?”

The girl behind the counter finally stopped counting cash, delicately
placing a wad back inside the register before leaning forward, an amused
smirk curving on her lips. “Jude.” Her voice was a low murmur. “I didn’t
think I would see you here so soon.”

“Cora.” Jude’s lips quirked. “Trust me, I don’t want to be. But hey,
it’s the boss’s orders.”

She inclined her head, her eyes drinking all of him in. The girl rested
her fist on her chin. She was surveying him like a piece of meat. “And
you obey her?”

His grin widened, and I saw his hand once again brush the front of his
apron. “Like a dog.”

“You know her?” I hissed out, grasping hold of the coffee cup in my
hand.

“Cora?” Jude turned to me. “Oh yeah, we used to be the Romeo and Juliet
of coffee shop rivalry — back when we were both newbies, and our store
kidnapped me as a last resort. To keep the peace, I stayed.” He
shrugged. “That’s what I’m told, anyway.”

Starbucks lore was getting dark.

These guys had to be joking around.

I took a step back, eager to head towards the door and be as far away as
possible from what I was pretty sure was going to be a lot of eggs, and
several arrests. “You worked here?” I couldn’t believe my mouth was
still moving and forming words as I took slow steps back. Before Jude
caught my arm.

“Apparently.” He said, dragging me back by his side. “Why don’t you give
‘em’ their gift?”

Fuck.

Unwrapping the bag and pulling out the cup, I nodded and took slow
strides toward the counter, placing it down in front of her.

Cora frowned, before picking it up, her gaze going to the side.

“Go fuck yourself 2nd street bloodsuckers.” She read out loud, her brow
raising into her hairline.

Shit.

“I should probably go.” I managed to say, backing away. “I don’t think
is the job for me—”

The latter half of my words exploded in my head when something slammed
into my ears, a physical force sending me to my knees. Initially, I
didn’t know what it was. It sounded like a nuclear bomb had gone off.
When the ringing in my head subsided, I was aware I had my head buried
in my knees, my hands clamped over my ears.

But when I tried to listen past the relentless shrill ringing in my
skull, I heard them one after the other. Pop, pop, pop! Gunshots. The
crack of each bullet ricocheted in my skull. It was a robbery, I thought
dizzily. We were being robbed. No, Second Street was being robbed. When
I lifted my head to try and find Jude and Ana to see if they were okay–
I expected them to be cowering like me, Jude, under the table, muffling
yelling into his hand, and Ana, calmly pulling him to safety. But that
wasn’t what I saw. Instead, I must have been fucking imagining things.
Jude had not moved from his spot– and perfectly melded into his hand,
was a gun. A gun he was holding like a pro, his hands wrapped around the
butt, index teasing the trigger.

His trajectory was directly between Cora’s eyes. Jude had not been the
one who shot the gun. In fact, neither had Ana, who was still standing
stiffly behind the blonde guy.

It was a girl behind the counter who had come out of nowhere wielding
the type of gun I expected to see in movies. I noticed from his stance
Jude had maybe stepped to the left and then the right to avoid being
hit, but the way his demeanour was fully and completely relaxed sent
shivers creeping down my spine. “The deal is off, Cora,” he murmured.
“You fuck with us, so we fuck with you.” he lowered his gun slightly,
his eyes darkening. “Where’s Ren? He came here to sniff you out, so
where is he?”

Cora seemed remarkably calm. She started to raise her hands, her lips
forming the words, “I don’t know what you’re talking about” before she
stopped, her body going limp. It took me a disorienting moment to
realize Jude had taken the shot, followed by another, both landing right
between her eyes. When Cora hit the ground, the whole world around me
exploded.

I was dragged to the ground by Jude, as he dived across the floor,
pressing himself into the back of a table, twisting around, and taking
out the barista who almost shot me in the face. There were five of them,
all of them good shooters. Too good. Ana easily took out a blonde and
brunette with her own magnum, followed by a bald guy who crashed through
the counter which collapsed under him.

Jude fell into a manic shoot-out with a guy who would not give up, and
after several attempts, re-loading, and attempting to finish him from
the ground, my colleague got tired and stood up, dropped his gun, and
leaped across the counter. I didn’t know what to watch. Ana, who was
destroying their coffee machine, or Jude, who snapped the boy’s neck
with a single twist of his fingers, before ripping out his eyes. He
hauled the dead guy over his knees, grazing his teeth across the pasty
flesh of the boy’s neck, his eyes flickering. I wouldn’t say they turned
a different color, but there was something inhuman about them, a certain
tint around his iris. “Urgh.”

He shoved the corpse away, jumping up. “He reeks of it.” Treading
through broken glass and pooling red on the floor, my colleague grabbed
a cup, downed it, and then spat it out. “That.” He sputtered. “Is the
worst fucking thing I’ve ever tasted.”

Ana stepped in front of him, handing the boy his gun. “When one of any
clan is murdered for with no reason, there is an imbalance, and the
coffee is tainted. We must restore the balance before this gets out of
hand,” she surprised me by speaking, with a tinge of an Aussie accent.
The girl side-eyed me before shooting Jude a knowing look. “Don’t let
her get in our way.”

“Aye, aye, captain.” He mocked a salute before nodding to me. “All
right! Sim, you grab a sample. We’ll go find the altar.”

Something ice-cold slipped down my spine.

“What?”

“Cool it. It’s more fun than it sounds,” was all Jude responded with.
“Grab the samples.”

I was running on adrenaline, doing exactly what he said. I grabbed two
coffee cups. “What do we do now? We go home, right?”

He swiped at his lips with a sound of disgust. “Are you kidding? No,
man. We get coffee which ain’t tainted.”

Ana took out two guards in the back before leading us both through a
heavy metal door that led into tunnels, tunnels, illuminated by
candlelight. “You just killed multiple people,” I finally managed to
choke out, following the two of them deeper into the dark. “Over
coffee.” I couldn’t resist a nervous laugh that spluttered into a cry.
“You just murdered seven baristas over fucking coffee!” I found myself
backing away at points, scanning for a way out, an exit away from this
fucking nightmare.

Jude turned to me, the glitter in his eyes reflected in the candlelight.
“Oh, please,” His voice echoed down the tunnel in a chuckle. “Do you
really think this is just about coffee?”

I didn’t understand what he meant until we came to the end of the
tunnel, which dipped into an alcove leading us into a large cave-like
room. Drawing his gun, Jude scanned the dark. “Anyone in here?” He said,
and Ana hit him. Silence answered, and I found myself paralyzed to the
spot. I didn’t know what to stare at first. The ten-foot-tall Starbucks
Siren looming over us, illuminated in flickering orange candlelight, or
the old swimming pool filled to the brim. When I took a step forward, my
foot sunk into something soft, and I made the mistake of looking down.
Bodies.

I guessed that was “The Drink”.

I felt myself fall back, but Ana’s warm arms were guiding me away from
decomposing flesh which decapitated heads poisoned in a way that I could
almost call ritualistic. There were bodies everywhere, all of them
curled up or had died in a position of prayer. Jude crouched in front of
a guy still in his Starbucks apron. His eyes had been cleanly plucked
from his skull. Jude’s expression was beautifully sombre in the
candlelight. “Fuck, dude,” he whispered.

“Looks like they got you.”

“Which explains how they got their hands on our recipe.” Ana pulled out
her gun and clicked off the safety. The girl’s eyes were suddenly sad,
her lip wobbling. I had a hard time believing a girl who had taken out
three baristas at point-blank range was crying.

“Through him.”

“What is this place?” I whispered. “What the fuck are you doing in
here?”

Jude straightened up. Ana moved behind him, and I noticed her hands
holding her gun were trembling. She raised her arm, pointing it at the
back of his head. Jude didn’t retaliate, only sending me a sickly smile.
“It used to be ours,” he said. “Until other stores started opening, and
it became a fucking free-for-all.” Jude sighed, rocking back and forth
on his heel. Ana’s trigger finger followed his movements. “We have a
peace treaty…” Jude trailed off. “Sorry. HAD a peace treaty.” He nodded
to his colleague. “Second Street has always been obsessed with this
particular blend we have that other stores don’t.” His lips curved.
“They’re greedy, and thought they could fuck with us. First, they took
our last manager. He was like a dad to us. Sliced him up and sent us his
head.” He gestured to his friend. “And then they took Ren. They brought
this shit upon themselves.”

As he spoke, Jude dropped to his knees and closed his eyes, bowing his
head in front of the Siren. Ana didn’t move. “Are you ready?”

“Always.”

I screamed, slamming my hand over my mouth when this time when Ana shot
Jude point blank in the back of the head. When his body crumpled to the
ground, something inside me snapped in two, and I couldn’t breathe
suddenly. I thought the two were playing some kind of sick game before I
caught unmistakable seeping black pooling across the alter.

In the blur of orange candlelight, it was almost a mesmerizing sight.
“Shush!” Ana sent me an annoyed look, before gathering his body in her
arm. “Make yourself useful and grab a bucket,” she said, stumbling
towards the pool. I watched her, my heart diving into my throat. When I
didn’t move, Ana hissed out and twisted around.

“Did you not hear me?!” she yelled. “Get a bucket and start collecting
it!” The girl gestured towards a large, rusted pipe looming over the
pool, a stream of murky brown water leaking into the pool. When I
started forwards, the girl shook her head. “Not yet.” She said, before
heaving Jude’s body and throwing him into the darkness. I heard the
splash, but I didn’t even see his body hit the surface. Part of me
wanted to demand what the fuck she was doing, but I did what I was told,
with trembling hands, grabbing a bucket and shuffling over to the pool
edge. Ana hissed out again. “I said not yet!” Before I could speak, she
held a finger to her lips. “Do it now!”

“The pool water?!” I shrieked.

She raised a brow. “You think that’s water?”

Before I could coerce some kind of speech, I was interrupted by what
felt like a sudden earthquake. The ground rumbled under our feet, and I
hesitated before dropping the bucket into the water and scooping up as
much as I could. I quickly realized it wasn’t water. It was thick with
the constancy of blood, coffee brown and yet sticky and warm like blood.

Above us, the pipe seemed to come to life, a brand new stream of murky
brown solution coming down in a waterfall. I didn’t think about the
pieces of flesh floating on the surface, the decomposing heads I caught
bobbing around, or the fact that I was dipping my hands in blood. Coffee
and blood. My stomach was trying to projectile my lunch, but I swallowed
it down. I took advantage, managing three buckets before Ana was
grasping my shoulders and pulled me back. I didn’t realize I was sobbing
until she was handing me a handkerchief, and I was staring at her and
it, like, “What do you expect me to do with this?!”

Still in shock, I tried to get another bucket full before she dragged me
from the pool edge. “You can stop now,” she said. “We have enough.”

“Enough what?!”

I staggered back when the surface of the pool rippled. I don’t know what
I expected to come out.

Dead bodies?

Decapitated heads?

Not Jude, covered in the brown murky shit I had filled the buckets with.
When he broke the surface, I almost threw one of the buckets at his
head. Despite being covered in coffee and blood, his skin was oddly free
of flaws. The guy was also really naked, which should have been a minor
problem compared to what I was seeing, which was a real resurrection in
front of a ten-foot statue of the Starbucks siren. Which was completely
normal.

But I still found my cheeks heating up. Jude ran a hand through soaked
curls sticking over his eyes, shaking them like a dog before pulling
himself out. I couldn’t help noticing there was no gunshot wound. It was
almost as if his body was completely new. I took in abnormally
grey-looking skin, like dead flesh, before averting my gaze. “Did we do
it?” He gasped out, immediately covering himself. Once out of the pool,
he knelt on the ground, sucking in breaths of air before seemingly
realizing the state of himself.

“Fuck. I didn’t think this through.”

“I did.” Ana reached into the backpack she had brought, pulling out a
shirt and jeans, reverting her eyes, and throwing him the bundle. “Get
dressed.” She said, But there was a slight smirk on her lips. “Yes. I
think we managed to appease them.”

“Sweet!” Jude grinned, dressing quickly. He sucked the tips of his
fingers. “Mmm.” He nodded at Ana. “That tastes a lot better.”

He gestured to her, and to my disgust, the girl delicately licked his
fingers and nodded with her own smile. “It tastes like cherry blossom.”

His eyes fell on me, and I saw that inhuman gleam in his eye—that had
been very much there before he was resurrected in a pool of coffee. His
lip quirked. I could still see coffee– or blood dripping in thick
rivulets down his temples and cheek. “Should we?”

Jude turned to Ana. “I mean while we’re here, right? We can induct the
newbie.”

Immediately, I knew what he was talking about. I stepped back, but he
was following me, getting closer and closer until his breath was in my
face, and I was teetering on the edge. I sensed something in his eyes,
something I never expected from a man who knew exactly what he was
doing. Envy. Another step, and I would be falling into what I was sure
was a pool full of decomposing bodies and resurrecting coffee. “Not
now,” Ana murmured, and Jude snapped out of it, taking a step back.

“Buzzkill.” He muttered.

But he did step away, allowing me to inch away from the pool.

“Later,” Ana said. “She’s shaken up. We can do it first thing tomorrow.”

To my surprise, there were no cops at the scene at Second Street.
Because there was no scene.

The store was back to normal, and I didn’t have the energy to question
why. When we returned, Aurora wrapped me into a hug I tried to get out
of as quickly as possible, eager to get the fuck away from that place.
But. I had to finish my shift. I had watched a man resurrected by coffee
in a fucking Starbucks shrine, and yet somehow I had to keep making
drinks until my shift ended. It was nearing closing time when the doors
opened, and I found myself face-to-face with the girl from earlier. The
one wearing the pink ray-bans.

She didn’t say anything, but the blade of her knife grazing my gut told
me everything I needed to know. With a knowing look when she slipped off
her raybans, she pressed something into my hand before leaving, and I
handed it to the manager, who opened it up, almost died laughing, and
then threw it in the trash.

“You work for psychopaths.” I managed to get out, sidling in front of
Jude while he was clocking out.

“Also, didn’t you… didn’t you fucking die?”

Jude didn’t look up from his phone. “It’s complicated.” His lip quirked.
“You’ll find out tomorrow during your induction.”

“But… you work for these people!” I lowered my voice. “And you’re not
trying to get away?” I gestured to Kai and Aurora standing by the door,
the two of them locked in conversation. “None of you?”

Jude frowned, and I caught the first hint of annoyance. I had only seen
this guy smiling, so seeing him scowling was quite the change. “I’m
sorry, do you… do you think I have a choice?”

He surprised me with a laugh. “Me? A choice? You really think I wake up
every morning and WANT to do this shit?” He got close, his breath in my
ear. “You came here willingly. I didn’t. In fact? I don’t even remember
coming here. My interview, my first day? Nothing. I don’t even remember
my time at Second Street.” He threw a towel at me before I could coerce
words. “Finish clearing up, all right? I’ll see you tomorrow for
induction.”

There was something cruel in his smile like he was waiting for whatever
my induction had in store for me.

I couldn’t help myself. When everyone was gone, and I was tasked with
locking up, I picked the discarded note out of the trash, smoothing it
down.

“You pieces of shit just declared war. Sleep with one eye open! 😊”

Cora xx.”

….

I cut my finger with a knife this morning. When I sucked it and grabbed
a band-aid, I tasted coffee. I went home and threw up coffee.

I am peeing coffee.

I showered 8 times and I still fucking smell of coffee.

I don’t think I’m going to go to work tomorrow.

Edit: There’s been a break-in— and the manager wants me to come in
early. Jude and Ana woke me up in the middle of the night to go over
tactics. We are taking down Second Street during closing time.

I guess I am going to work tomorrow.

Does anyone know how to use a gun?
