Sorry for the wait for part 2, I’ve been busy. Unfortunately, Terry’s
threats were genuine. Now that I’ve told multiple people about him, he’s
tried to get back at me. I woke up 2 weeks ago to find a shelf knocked
over and destroyed. Some of the knick knacks I had on it didn’t survive.
A couple Uranium cups, a LEGO set, and some rocks I’d collected had been
damaged. Pieces of glass and LEGO bricks formed the words: “Stop now”.
Fuck you, Terry, I won’t. Luckily, I think he can’t do much to me, as
his physical presence is a state away. So yeah, that’s why I haven’t
gotten back in a few weeks. I was shaken a bit by the fact that he could
cause harm so far away from where he actually is. And I wasn’t sure if I
wanted to keep talking about it, but, I decided I would. I don’t like
being the only person knowing about this.

After the events of the last story, which you should read if you already
haven’t, I didn’t see Terry, or as he was pretending to be, Woody, for a
few days. Later, he came back, but he wasn’t the same.

I was tossing and turning in bed, not because I was afraid of anything,
just because I simply couldn’t get to sleep. That’s when I heard the
sound effect of Woody’s pull-string.

“There’s a snake in my boot!” The soundbox screeched in a deafened
version of Woody’s voice.

I excitedly rolled over to look towards the sound to see Woody standing
next to my bed, with his hand on his hip.

“I’m back partner.” He said, tipping his hat.

“Woody!”, I yelled excitedly, “Where were you?”

“I had to look into who poisoned the watering hole!” He said, throwing
his arms in the air angrily.

Something happened with his voice there, it cracked. But not like a
teenager having a sudden high pitched squeak, his voice went lower, much
lower. When he said “hole” his voice dropped at least two octaves. It
sounded like a large, adult man’s low voice. I didn’t really pay
attention to it then.

“I gotta ask a favor,” Woody said, taking his hat off and holding it in
front of him, “I’m starving! I need something good to eat.”

“But you’re a toy!” I said, giggling, “Toys don’t have to eat!”

“Hey! Quiet down.” He said, in a stern, annoyed voice, “You’ll get us
caught!”

His voice cracked again. This time, he did a few times. Now that I
remember it, it was like he was glitching.

“Oh, ok,” I replied, more quietly, “sorry.”

“That’s alright buddy.” He said, “But anywhoodles, us toys do need to
eat! That’s a hurtful misconception.”

“What a mist-concep-ton?” I asked, not knowing the word at the time.

“A false belief.” He replied, “Just get me something to eat please.”

He said that more flatly. It sounded more like what Tom Hanks really
sounds like, just a normal man. He didn’t talk like Woody would. No
accent or inflections. I didn’t really notice at the time.

“Um, ok. What do you like?”

“Anything! As long as it’s got meat!” He answered, “Us cowboys need our
protein! What about one of them corn dogs in your fridge?”

I didn’t realize this until later, but it was strange how he knew what
we had in the fridge.

“Ok, I gotta be quiet though.” I replied, “I don’t wanna wake my mom.”

“Alrighty partner! I’ll be waitin here!”

I got up and walked to the door, passing Woody. I opened the door as
quietly as possible and looked towards my mom’s doorway. The light was
off, she probably was asleep.

I walked down the hall, but as I passed my mom’s room, I heard
something. Crying. At the time, I thought she’d just had a bad dream,
but now I know the reason.

I snuck into the kitchen and opened the fridge, trying to be quiet since
my mom was awake. I grabbed two corndogs and went back. She was still
crying when I went past again.

When I got back to my room, I didn’t see Woody. I rubbed my eyes, and
when I opened them, he was there, sitting next to my bed.

“Give em here.” He said, flatly. He seemed tired.

I put them on the ground next to him and he grabbed them, before running
under the bed.

“Hey! Where ya goin?”

“I’ll still watch for monsters, just go to sleep, I’ll still be here in
the morning.”

Again, that didn’t quite sound like Woody.

I shrugged and got back onto the bed. When I laid there, I heard
crunching and chewing. I didn’t hear much before I fell asleep.
