  !Warning : Suicide, Self Harm!<

Hello Reddit!

My name is Lucas Campbell. I was 20 years old. This was my suicide note.

I was an artist for around my entire life. I never really knew how to do
anything else. guess it gave me kind of a complex about my art and how I
perceive myself. If I can’t draw, what good am I?
I wish I would’ve seen that you should never play to the gallery. It’s
dangerous. Artwork shouldn’t be made for others. You should realize
there was a part of you that wanted to create, and that part is the most
critical.

That’s the kid in you that wanted to color, instead of dreading it
because it’s a deadline. It’s a horrifying feeling to lose the love for
something you once held so close to you. It’s like the death of a
friend.
Art school made me hate what I loved, and it started to cause me to
resent artwork.
In fact, art burnout is what caused me to start writing this. I changed
some names around, but this story is the truth. Well, my truth.

 School was never my strong suit. Teachers always loved my writing, but
would only ever say I needed to “apply myself”.

I really wish I would listen sometimes. I just make things harder for
myself.
Speaking of making things harder - I decided for a career in animation,
one of the most tedious processes in the world.

It’s why I decided to pursue it as a career in 2024 and go to a
fancy-schmancy art college. I, of course, blew through all of my
parent’s saved college funds by slacking off in my first two semesters.
Getting away from your parents feels like a new type of freedom. No one
can tell you what to do, what to say- it builds an intense arrogance for
the world.

A lot of people in today’s society never move past that mindset, and for
good reason. There are a lot of horrible things that happen every day
that we, as people, can do nothing about. All you can control is
yourself.
When you’re the child of a divorced parent, nowhere feels stable. You
learn that nowhere is permanent. You keep your toothbrush in your bag
because you don’t know where you’re going to be that night. You’re
trapped in limbo at the whims of two people who absolutely despise each
other. It begs the question - what happens when a child is created from
two parents who hold so much vitriol for each other? Is that child
destined to self-loathe?

You’re not home, because “home” is one place. This creates a feeling of
never being anywhere. Always in the middle, always going somewhere but
not knowing where you’re going. You feel completely directionless and
lost because you have no point of reference for home. You’re lost.
It always just feels like something that’s supposed to happen to other
people. Not you.

Buying a gun isn’t a hard thing to do in America, especially if you’re a
white guy. If he knew I was going to put it to the roof of my mouth, I
think he would have sold it anyway. People sell cigarettes all the time.
The only difference is time between death.

I have a very skewed concept of time. Sometimes I wake up and feel
nothing and can’t get out of bed, and some days I feel invigorated.
Those latter days are getting less, and less, lately.

I only recently realized my problem is abandonment. It’s why I push
everyone away. I’m so afraid of being abandoned that I am afraid of
making connections altogether. So why do I feel so empty? So unresolved?

I used to go to art for this, but now even picking up a pencil feels
like work. I have no one to blame but myself. 
Firearms are a 90% mortality rate. If you want it done fast, it’s the
best bet. There’s really no feeling like a warm gun in your hand. It’s
intoxicating. You hold power for the first time you ever have. It makes
you understand as soon as you hold one. It’s heavier than you expect.

I don’t have the passion anymore. It’s better to burn out than to fade
away.

Cold iron’s chill hits the bridge of my nose, directly in between my
eyes. The barrel of the gun separates my two eyes to see the sweat of my
brow roll down my fingers. This life is just too much to bear.

I cannot take it anymore.

The gun clicks and I wake up in a freshly cut field of wheat.
The wheat is brushed past as I stand up and make my way to the clearing.
I see nothing but trains and subways going in and out, with the sound of
wind chimes twinkling as they enter the station.

- END OF PART 1 -
