I’m not really sure how to write this, as I’m new to this, so this is
more so just going to be me detailing EVERYTHING about what I
experienced.

My mother recently had a terrible fall, and she broke her hip. She told
me, “Put me in the home while the insurance is paying; I’ll get therapy
and free meals.” So I did just that; I looked up a local nursing home in
our area; it had 4.5 stars, and there were no straight 1-star reviews.

The highest review said something along the lines of “My grandmother
stayed here, and she loved it!” The normal type of review I expected.

But the lowest review only said, “The staff is strange, but the place
was well run.” And that interested me; there were a couple of other
reviews saying the staff felt off, but I’d be a little weird too if I
worked there too. With how understaffed nursing homes are and with the
amount of stress they’d be taking on, I didn’t give much thought to
these reviews at the time.

I got the paperwork finished, then got my mom from the hospital once she
was discharged and drove her down to the home. It was outside of a small
town, down a long road, which I found strange; it was very far from any
hospitals and VERY out of the way.

When my mother and I arrived, we were greeted by the head of the
facility, who was a very nice older woman with dirty, faded blonde hair;
we will call her “Alice.” We had some good banter about family history,
my mom’s accident, and other things.

Then we started talking about the home itself. First, the place was
beautiful; every shrub was watered, the paint looked fresh, and not a
single fluorescent light was out.

Apparently the place has only been open for about three years, closing
due to low staff and other issues before reopening to wide success.

Everything seemed perfect; however, everything was empty. I heard people
in their rooms, but I expected to see nurse aides, family members, and
even some of the residents themselves out and about, but there was no
one.

When I asked, Alice gave me this answer. “We had to do some downsizing;
we have me, the owner; a couple workers at the cafeteria; a few trainers
who come in to help with exercise; and then our nurse aide.”

I was a bit confused because it sounded like there was only one nurse;
before I could ask further, a man whose head had to duck under the
double doors at the end of the hallway due to his height was merrily
bringing himself down the hallway with the snack cart.

Alice told me his name, but it sounded like a fake name with how she
hesitated, so I’ll just call him Marty here as well.

Marty came over; I could tell his grin was wide even beneath the medical
mask he was wearing. He had on scrubs and a scrub cap; his blond hair
was poking out of it. His eyes were bloodshot, and his irises were faded
in color; they looked like a very light green.

The first words he said were loud and happy, booming towards my mother:
“Oh my goodness! You must be the new kid on the block! Could I get you a
snack?”

He was great, very chatty, friendly, and a bit overly friendly,
actually. He gave my mom a snack, and he helped her get settled. My mom
had a roommate who was very quiet, turned away from us in the bed, and
stared at the TV in the corner.

While Marty was getting my mom settled, I noticed how strangely he was
moving. His arms were long, so he could reach things he needed halfway
across the room. He was excellent at his job; I’ve never seen someone
move so fast before.

I asked about him outside the room to Alice, and she told me, “He’s the
only nurse aide we have; he’s expensive, but he’s able to do it all
himself, and no matter who else we try to hire to work with him, they
always just leave the next day or don’t show up again at all.”

I thought that was impressive, but I also found it worrying. What if he
were busy and couldn’t help my mom if she needed something? Was having
only one nurse even legal?

When I expressed that concern, Alice laughed like it was a silly idea
and simply said, “Trust me, that’s not possible.”

As she said that, I felt a huge, cold, and bony hand on my shoulder;
looking over, Marty very politely said, “Your mother is a lovely woman,”
and “I’ll be sure to take great care of her.” I should mention, though,
her roommate has Alzheimer’s, so if she starts talking strangely, just
try to play along, okay?”

I nodded; he was at least two to three feet taller than me, and with how
his posture was so bent, it felt as if he were leaning right over me.

He then went on along; Alice said she had a meeting to attend to and
that it was a pleasure to meet us, and we parted ways.

I spent some time with my mom after that, and while we were talking, her
roommate turned over, turning up the volume of the TV louder.

Her face was tired, her voice was raspy, and her tone was desperate; she
said, “Get out of here, it’s not safe.”

Remembering Marty’s words, I simply asked, “Why is it not safe, ma’am?”

She responded with a cold stare, and very quickly she spouted, “Him,
he’s taken 12 of my roommates; if he hears me talking on that baby
monitor, I’ll be next.” “You’ve got to get out of here: he’s a demon.”

At the time, I simply figured she was having a spell. I looked to where
she pointed, and there was in fact a baby monitor. I figured it was so
he could hear if something was going on in one of the many rooms he
managed.

I laughed nervously and said, “Okay, ma’am, we will get out of here as
soon as we can.” My mom too played along to appease her roommate. Then
we heard the cart coming back down the hallway; the lady turned down the
TV and turned back over quickly.

Marty slinked his way into the room, ducking the doorframe. “Hey! Got
your medication for this evening. Are we all behaving?”

I nodded yes, and my mom laughed. I had a meeting the next day myself,
so I hugged my mom goodnight, and I went home to get some sleep.

Day two after work, at around six in the evening, I went back to see my
mom.

She was eating dinner, and we hugged. She seemed to be having a good
time; apparently they played bingo around lunch, and she said, “I’m
getting the full experience of being old, it seems.”

I noticed that the TV was off; moreover, her roommate was gone, the
blankets were folded nicely and perfectly, and her things were gone.

I asked my mom what happened. She said, “She died in her sleep last
night, heart attack. I didn’t hear or see anything; I slept through it
all somehow.”

I felt terrible for the woman, especially since she must have given
herself a heart attack, fearing what Marty was going to do. It made
sense she feared him; the man was terrifying. The way he held himself
and moved looked right out of a horror film.

Thinking about what the lady said last night, I asked my mom what she
thought of Marty. She said she liked him; apparently, he really likes
older TV shows, especially westerns.

My mom always had a good eye for people, and the man seemed nice enough,
just extremely passionate about his work. After a bit more talking, an
alarm started blaring loudly across the building. I looked at the door,
and I saw Marty flash by the door; it almost looked as if he were low
enough to be on all fours.

I ran to the door and looked down the hall where he had ran. An older
man was trying to fit his wheelchair through the fire escape door;
apparently, he was trying to go home. Marty pulled him back inside and
was very calm and gentle; he did a great job in calming the man down as
well.

He took the man down to the cafeteria where he was supposed to be eating
dinner. I excused myself to “go to the bathroom,” and instead of going
there, I followed him.

I’m not sure why I followed, but Marty interested me. Running an entire
nursing home almost by yourself and being so good at it to have five
stars online was VERY interesting to me.

He took the man back to the dining room. I stood more by the entrance to
the area; they were all eating lunch, and I watched him pass out trays
and talk to everyone. Some smiled, some didn’t, and to those who didn’t
smile at him or talk to him, he was EXTRA nice too.

One of the two people who were handing the trays out to Marty dropped
one. He was a young man who went to go apologize, but then Marty did
something I didn’t expect.

He stared at the tray for about 5-10 seconds; he then looked at the man
who dropped it and mouthed something to him, and then the man sat down
and ate the food off the ground.

Needless to say, I was confused. It seemed Marty didn’t just run a tight
ship; he ran a borderline military camp. It’s no wonder he had no other
coworkers; they must have all run off due to him.

He turned to keep giving trays; veins were visible in his face, and his
eyes looked as if they were going to pop out of his head; he was so mad.
But then he saw me, and his mood completely changed; he delivered the
three trays he needed too on the way over, and he bent down to get
through the door and to speak to me.

“Is there anything I can help you with?” You could hear the smile in his
voice.

I asked him about the man still eating off the floor, and he said. “We
don’t like to waste anything around here; every part of this machine I’m
in, I try to put to use. Besides, he won’t drop that tray again, now
will he?”

I laughed nervously and agreed to what he was saying, as the last thing
he needed to be was mad again.

I very much wanted to leave, but I just stood there; he walked past me
down the hall into the laundry room, and then I took the time to go to
the man finishing up on the floor.

“Are you okay, sir?” I asked him; he didn’t respond. He just finished up
and quickly left back into the kitchen, then into a back room. I watched
for a few moments; he came out wiping his mouth. It seems he threw up.

I walked around and talked to a few of the nursing home residents; they
were mostly all talkative and joyful, except one, who reminded me of the
lady from the other night.

She was the youngest woman in the home; she seemed to be here like how
my mother is, more so here for recovery than a permanent stay. She
motioned me over, and we started a conversation.

“You’re the kid of the woman in 214?”

I nodded. “Yes, ma’am, that’s me.”

She looked into a bag on her wheelchair and slid me a small envelope.

“Please give that to her; she’s going to need it as much as I have. My
advice is that you get her out of here, but if that’s not the plan, then
she’s going to need to read that note.”

I asked her why, but she clammed up for some reason.

I thanked her anyway, having no idea what was in this envelope. But
before I could leave, she took my hand. “I’m going back home next week.
If your mother needs to speak to someone, tell her to come to me at
outside time; I’ll listen.”

I nodded, and once I turned the corner out of the cafeteria, I opened
the letter immediately.

“If you want to get home, follow these rules.”

“Rule 1: Take your pills; if you don’t, pretend to be asleep once the
clock hits nine at night.”

“Rule 2: Do not talk ill about Marty, the nursing staff, or this nursing
home. Unless you are outside the building. NEVER SPEAK ILL INSIDE.”

“Rule 3: Be polite, go to every event held by Marty, and be social to
him; he targets those who are weak and who are onto him.”

“Rule 4: No matter what, do not ask where anyone went; you won’t like
the answer. Those answers are for once you’re out.”

“Rule 5, don’t look under his mask.”

“If you’re the girl I just spoke with reading this, I know it sounds
crazy, but once your mother reads this, burn it, take it, or do
something with it so he doesn’t find it. Don’t show him; don’t mention
me, please.”

I was shaking, not just because of what I’d just read, but because the
man this note was talking about was calling my name; he came out of the
laundry room while I was reading it.

I shoved the note into my bra and turned to Marty.

“What are you reading?” He came over smiling under his mask again.

I blurted out, “Just something from work.”

He chuckled, “It must be very important work if you keep it there.”

I made a face when he said that, and he noticed my dislike for the
comment, and the mask fell, his cheeks no longer holding a smile.

He started speaking while staring into my eyes, “The one thing everyone
here loves to do is talk; they love to vilify me, as I represent what
they can and cannot do anymore, so please take everything you hear with
a grain of salt.”

My heart skipped; I don’t know why he thought I was doubting him, but he
was right in thinking so.

He walked back into the cafeteria, and his head was the last thing to
turn before going in.

Trying to get my mind off things, I went to my mom’s room before
realizing it was late, and I decided to head home.

As I was going down the road, I realized I never actually gave my mom
the note.

Normally I would have just kept on going home, as it was around 8:30 and
dark outside, and I was closer to home than I was to where the nursing
home was.

But something told me to go back after what happened: the way Marty
spoke to me, like he was trying to scare me, made me feel the need to
turn my car around and just go on back. The home closed at nine, so I
had to be quick.

I sped back, parked, and quickly went inside after putting in the door
code. I went down the hall and into my mom’s room.

She was asleep. I went to put it in her drawer, but then I realized
Marty might find it if I left it out in the open, so I stood there
wondering what to do with it before I heard a noise.

Down the hallway, a room or two away from my mom’s, I heard a very wet
noise.

Very quietly I went down the hallway, and I peeked into the room. A TV
was the only thing lighting up the scene I stumbled upon; it was playing
some older spaghetti westerns. In the room was Marty; I could tell it
was him from the color of the scrubs. His hands were grabbing the rails
on the side of the bed in the room, and all I could hear was him making
a kind of slurping sound, but with the curtain in the way and how dark
it was, I couldn’t see anything.

I wanted to call out, to stop him, to say anything, but I couldn’t.

I slowly backed up, but his cart was behind me, and I knocked over a
tray of chips.

The noise stopped, and all I heard from the room was a clatter, and I
ran.

I ran all the way to the entrance, but the front door was locked. I’d
been there for too long, and the doors had automatically locked for the
night, so I did something stupid and ran into Alice’s office at the
front of the building and hid under the desk.

I stayed there for hours; he searched that front lobby beside the office
for a very long time, for some reason he refused to step into it. He
never called my name, so I don’t think he knows I’m the one who saw him.

Once I heard birds outside, I ran, typed in the code to the front door,
and ran outside into the morning dew.

I’m typing this at work to keep myself awake. I’m currently working on
the paperwork to get my mom transferred out of that home, but I’m afraid
she won’t do it.

I called her phone and told her about what happened, but she hasn’t seen
the things I’ve seen, and she doesn’t believe me. I’m going back over
there soon to try and talk my mom into moving homes, as I cannot get her
out of there without her signature or proving she’s mentally declined to
where I have to be the one to sign for her.

I called the police and told them what I saw and what happened, but they
said they were currently busy and would look into it soon (Jee, thanks).

And Alice has also been useless; I called her and told her what I saw
and what happened, but the only question she’s had for me is, “Which one
of the patients has been telling you all this?” I obviously didn’t give
a name.

I’m going to make an update soon detailing a few things. Mostly, what
Marty’s doing now, what happened to the person in the room he was in
last night, and if I have luck with my mom.

Please comment with any ideas of how to convince my mom and an idea of
who I should report Marty to, as Alice doesn’t believe me, and I’m not
sure I have faith in the police.

Thank you for listening to this honestly traumatic experience. Again,
I’m new to this, so forgive any clarity or writing issues. UPDATE
