I’ll start by saying that I like my job.

I don’t love it. It doesn’t excite me. I just like it as much as a
person can like what they do for a living. That kind of fondness that
exists in the line between what’s strictly necessary and barely
inconvenient.

Since I was fifteen years old — when my father figured it was
appropriate to teach me how to drive — my afternoons have consisted of
traversing the coast from end to end, delivering bags of fishhooks,
meters worth of transparent ropes, fishing boats parts and up to four
digits bills for those poor devils whose grace periods died along the
end of the month.

Even though our economy wasn’t the best, our family business made fees
and sparse luxuries something sustainable. An honest job that subsisted
thanks to the men and women who reduced their world to the sea. Fishing
towns far from God’s hand which functioned by their own rules, parties
and disgraces.

Dad taught me that in those people’s indifference laid our home. Having
been raised at the limit of both worlds, his father’s father had come up
with the brilliant idea of bringing the best of the city to the doors of
those who couldn’t afford to travel for four hours through barren hills
and ghost towns.

And although many cunning ones tried to cut our business short, the
truth was that the people of the sea were also people of customs. People
who trusted faces over brands, and who valued the warmth of another
human being more than the frigidness of a store crammed with aesthetics
and publicity. For this reason, our politics tended to go far and
beyond, transforming clientele into friends and good clients into
comrades and family.

“Today I need you to go down to Paraíso to deliver some gallons, son,”
was my father’s greeting when I entered the garage to tell him breakfast
was ready. “Your uncle is going out to sea on Sunday and wants to solve
this before his daughter’s birthday.”

“What? My uncle José Luis?” I asked, disguising my indifference with
plastic curiosity. “I saw on Whatsapp that the birthday was today.
They’re gonna gift her gas?”

Dad gave me one of those smiles that made you see just how tired he was
of cleaning those same two plugs.

“He asked me to hand it over before six.” He made an illustrative
gesture towards the air, replacing his wrench for a little napkin
brimming with grease. “I said no; that it was too early. So we decided
that you’d get going by half past seven.”

“Oh, really?” I puffed. At nineteen years old, late hours and dark
highways didn’t bother me as long as the deal was good… And if it wasn’t
during one of my free nights I just wanted to waste playing Truco or
drinking booze with those friends from the block that he never got to
like.

“Why? You got something to do?”

“I thought that last scare would be enough to dissuade you from doing
more trips like this,” I pointed out, feigning disinterest. My father
sighed and looked me in my eyes. “At… at least for this month, I mean.”

“This is different,” he spoke severely. “We’re not doing this out of
courtesy. Your uncle told me he’d looked everywhere because he knows how
dangerous this is for us.” He spat the earthy floor, cleaning his hands.
I followed him closely as he crossed the garage’s threshold. “However,
time is running thin. This is less of a job and more like a favor I’m
asking you, son. A big one.”

“And a very convenient one too,” I mumbled. He raised an eyebrow at me.
“´Cause… Ugh. I told the guys I was going to the basketball finals.
Remember?”

Dad shook his head. “Those friends of yours… Hm, well, let’s see,” he
told me. “If you take the old airport line, you may have a chance to
catch the second half… Or whatever it is you have in basketball.” He
made a disdainful gesture with his hand.

My eyes opened wide. “The… The old airport line?” I said, taking a
subtle glance at the truck. Dad nodded, and by the severity of his
expression, I knew we were thinking the same thing.

To avoid raising suspicions, these kinds of deliveries were made in a
ninety’s Ford gnawed by the sun and saltpeter. The extraofficial sale of
gasoline was no business for the weak. Not even for fools like me, with
a bunch of spare time and inherited contacts. Dad knew why, and even
though we’d gone through what happened together, I didn’t dare to
question his version as if it was the word of a final survivor.

“It might not be the safest route,” he shrugged, breaking the silence,
“but it is the fastest. Besides, no feds there. That’s a plus to you,
ain’t it?”

I sighed. Of course it was. And, damn… If I didn’t know that man and his
big heart any better, I would have thought that whole spectacle had been
millimetrically planned to keep me at bay, asking the least amount of
questions.

“Yeah…” I scratched my head apprehensively. Over the back door, my mom
and aunt stared at us with weird faces. Maybe they already knew and I
was the last one to find out, like always. “I just wish you trusted me
more with… Everything, I guess.”

Dad let out a scathing laugh, patting my shoulder. “Show me you’re
responsible and I’ll consider it,” he said. “Now, time to eat.”

Breakfast and lunch carried on with no hurdles. Besides my aunt’s
slightly burnt rice, home buzzed with normalcy: chatters over the news,
coffee and bread for merienda, hanging clothes to pick up and fold at
six forty in the afternoon…

“Know what to do if it overheats?” A few minutes before I left, dad made
me flinch by suddenly approaching me from behind. “Ah! Excited to see
your uncle, I see. That’s very good, son. Send my regards to the
family.”

“Tell them to catch me outside town,” I suggested. Dad frowned
doubtfully. “What? This way I don’t have to make so many turns. We can’t
afford to waste too much gas in a single trip.”

Dad shrugged. I rolled my eyes, closing the truck’s hood.

“Are you going to the game later?” he asked.

I chewed the inside of my cheek. “Not anymore. Seeing how much this is
going to take me, I’m better off checking the scores through Whatsapp
stories.”

“In that case, be very careful, son. And if you’re not here before
nine…”

“You call, I know,” I said, opening the door to the driver’s seat. A
glance at the backseat revealed to me a covered lump that my dad and
uncle had placed earlier: five well sealed gallons of gas. “Or… I call
you. But it won’t be necessary. Tell mom to go to bed after her novela.”

“I’ll try, but you know how she is.” He shook his head. “Be here on time
and I assure you she will.”

I said goodbye to dad, sneaking into the town’s withered roads with the
truck’s lights off. Just in case, I told myself, recognizing that
earlier on I’d thought I saw three cops on motorcycles, patrolling
around the ranches that bordered the coast in search of God knows what.

“The farther away, the better,” I said, making the last turn that would
carry me to the desolate old airport line.

Despite what its name could suggest, Paraíso wasn’t even close to that
piece of Eden that was projected to investors. Drowned by taxes and the
state government’s bad practices, what many envisioned as five star
hotels soon transformed into half-constructed carcasses where homeless
people and reckless teens surrendered to their vices.

I remember that my grandpa first took me to the lake so he could explain
to me how everything I saw, from the stranded ships to the gray
buildings stuck in construction, were tacit proof of the hatred Man
harboured towards its neighbors.

“If they didn’t detest us so much, then why spoil our work with their
filth? I don’t get it, my son. I do not. And neither do you, right?”

I had shaken my head, not truly understanding what he meant. The only
things I knew about that place were the abandoned ships and the ghosts
which supposedly lived in those rustic buildings consumed by saltpeter.

Now, each time I crossed that lonely road that separated the beach from
the lake, I thought I saw the silhouettes of an old man and his
grandchild amongst the shadows of the mangals. These ghosts, instead of
haunting the corpses of metal and concrete, induced me with the same
respect I wanted to inspire during my childhood. Wisdom, security, and
courage.

“Ah, Boy! Look at you! You got here so fast!”

When I arrived at my uncle’s home (dad never texted them, what a
surprise!), the family welcomed me with a cold beer, a cackle at the
princess rag that covered the gas and an invitation to sit down for a
chat while they waited for cake. Since I had nothing better to do, I
checked my watch and calculated I had at least twenty spare minutes no
one would lose sleep over. So, with a shy smile, I integrated myself
into the group. The reunion, more than a proper birthday party, was a
celebration of the birth.

“We’re having the real party on Saturday,” commented my uncle, opening
my beer with a solid crack from his bar key. “You’re invited, of course.
And tell your dad. It’s been a while since we had some!”

After blowing out the candles, the birthday girl’s mom offered me
another beer and a small plastic plate with enough cake for me and my
parents, dismissing my refusal with “because you came from so far away,
child. Eat it, and if you want more, ask us.” I only declined to be
polite, as delicious as it was; traditional vanilla with pineapple
pieces. Nothing too exclusive, but with that homemade taste that
grandmas’ cakes had.

“Be careful over there, sweetheart.” As I gave her back the empty
bottle, my aunt surprised me with a hug. “Do you want us to go to the
lake with you? José Luis! Tell Carlos to start the car and take him to…”

“It’s ok, aunty.” I smiled with embarrassment, kissing her cheek as a
farewell. The woman looked at me with her lips pursed, but abided. “The
highway’s empty and the night is clear, though you can barely see the
moon. I’ll be fine.”

“I believe you then, nephew,” the woman sighed, adjusting her high
ponytail, “but be very careful, alright? If you… If you didn’t see
anything weird, then…”

That sparked my curiosity. “Weird?” I inquired, tilting my head. “Weird
how?”

“Ugh, mom!” The birthday girl appeared behind her mother, giving her a
scolding look. “Do me a favor and stop putting ideas into my cousin’s
head,” she said, giving me a glance that oscillated between nervousness
and shame. “Don’t fall for it, cousin. It’s just that the old women from
the park told mom there’s weirdos out here. The hobos that live in those
hotels and all that, nothing new.”

“Camila!” her mother reprimanded her. “Those are your grandma’s friends,
so have some respect, won´t you?” She looked up at the sky, as in a
prayer for patience. I bit the inside of my cheek to hold in a smile.
“They may be hobos, but that doesn’t make them any less dangerous.
Right? What if they start throwing things at the van? Or worse! Alert
the police.”

The mention of the uniformed ones gave me an unpleasant chill. Noticing
my awkwardness, Camila took me by the shoulder and guided me to the
courtyard, where my truck was parked.

“Don’t you worry, mom! I’m escorting him so he knows where to go.”

“Ha, ha. No need, cousin. I can take care of myself.” I nervously smiled
as I broke free from her grip.

She elbowed me with an unusual strength for a fourteen year old girl.
“Pay no mind to what mom says,” she sighed, as she opened my truck’s
door. However, I didn’t get on. “Those hags do nothing but let creepy
stories get into her head.”

“Heh, why though?” I said. “It’s not like it would be the first time I
encountered something weird on the road. Ha, ha. Didn’t they tell you
that’s how we found Chocolate?”

Camila laughed under her breath, brushing her amber curls out of her
eyes. “Maybe not, but still. People love putting on a show,” she said.

I raised an eyebrow. “They let someone out of rehab, didn´t they?” I
guessed, receiving a strange look from the girl. “Or not. Wait. Did a
thug escape?”

“Who knows?” Camila shrugged nonchalantly. “The answer closer to the
truth is always the most boring one.”

I entered the truck, leaving the door half-open. “Sounds to me like your
mom isn’t the only one letting stuff get into her head.”

“I’m being cordial by not making your hour and a half long ride even
worse,” she muttered, her mischievous eyes sparkling.

“Fugitives don’t scare me,” I told her confidently. “They pay well for
hitchhikes; they don’t steal. Besides, they’ve got funny stories to
tell.”

“Heh, maybe. What do you know?” She shrugged. “A runaway crackhead is
better than a paranormal crackhead.”

“Paranormal crackheads?” I laughed. “You have nothing against your
mother!”

“We’ll see when something pulls your feet tonight!”

Camila let out a last macabre cackle before running back to her party. I
smiled and turned on the engine, honking twice as a farewell to the
others.

Unlike my mom and grandma, women faithful to the core, I’ve never felt a
true fear of the paranormal. Of course, when I was a kid I was scared of
the dark, goblins and the Mano Peluda. However, at my big age of
nineteen —and after more than one encounter with the law— the last thing
that crossed my mind when I saw a dark room or an empty road was
paranormal stuff. Recent months had proven to me that snitches, envious
people and the police were the only ones worthy of starring in my
nightly terrors. Not the scary stories my older cousins told me so that
I’d behave.

“Hm. What would mom say if I told her?” I asked myself, glancing at the
phone’s turned off screen. Last time I checked, it was eight fortyfive.
“That poor sleepless woman. Ha, ha. At least I’m bringing her a snack.”

The truck jerked and I spat a curse word, thinking I had fallen into a
hole. Even though the night was bright and the sky was as clear as
September’s drizzles could allow, the bumps were tough to elude; it
relied more on memory than reflexes. And since I wasn’t used to driving
on this road, I was about to ram into all of them just like I had rammed
my piece of the cake into my throat.

“Don’t turn on the lights, Yan,” I mumbled, moving the dessert from the
console to the copilot’s seat. “The last thing I need is to get ambushed
here too.”

The fenders jolted again, but I didn’t care. As long as there was no
burning smell, I could tolerate the truck’s sounds and quirks.
Cacophonies of loose screws, rusty murmurs and the constant reminder
that If I went over seventy, the car would fall apart like a tower of
toy blocks.

Making sure I maintained a steady 55 rhythm, I rested my back against
the seat with a sigh. The beers hadn’t made me dizzy as I feared. Good,
because I didn’t feel like explaining to my dad that was the reason I
took so long.

“This is why we don’t like to give you free nights,” I imagined him
scolding me, always on the lookout for any trace of alcohol in my
breath. “Those friends of yours… Look at where they are taking you! You
have too much potential for this, boy. More future. Think of your
future!”

I clicked my tongue and tentatively caressed the accelerator, going from
55 to 57 in a disdainful gesture that wouldn’t hurt anybody. The truck,
as expected, started to rattle in all its patched mechanisms, drowning
the hums of the cicadas and the tender song of the crickets with its
volatile heart.

Track, the bumper. Track, the hood. Tsk, the radiator. Thud, the…

Tak.

Tak.

I blinked, lost between the passage of the previous second and the
minute that stood in front of me, blurring my surroundings so quickly I
could barely conceive it as something real, something that had happened
and that I felt beneath my eyes, once everything returned to normal.

W-What… I tried to say, but my lips remained shut. A cold wave hit my
arms and legs, forcing me to sit straight in a gesture that seemed
forged in eternity. What is…

That’s when I realized. When I saw it.

Laying on the road, there was a pile.

No…

Not a pile.

A bulk. Of something. Something that breathed, that moved and repeated
its motions in a slow contortion interlaced with the darkness. Like the
idea of something that moves in the corner of your eye, but you can’t
see. The idea of something that exists, that fidgets and that your brain
tries to understand by filling the blanks with logical poses, with human
figures.

“What the fu…” I whispered, feeling distant. Under my barefoot feet, the
truck began rattling. Whispering in its own caustic and unintelligible
language. I tried with all my strength to bring my hand to the gear
level, but I didn’t move. My brain screeched under a similar trance that
overwhelms you during sleep paralysis, as I found myself blinking so
slowly I wasn’t sure I was even doing it. So far away, so distant. So
foreign. Imper…

Tack,

tack.

That thing…

T-The… The man turned to look, translating his empty gesture into
hundreds of faces which couldn’t manage to feel coherent. Then, in a
manner that bordered on obscene, he raised his head, revealing a neck so
long and hairy like a dog that just suffered a bad accident. Tendons and
furs tangled together, hanging from the same coagulated liquid that
blasted his brains into the road.

I swallowed hard, feeling the weight of eternity along the bile on my
saliva: an unmovable fat lump in the bottom of my throat, sticking its
cold claws in the edges of my taste buds.

The second the creature stood up, its four deformed arms hung limp on
its sides, tragically dislocated. A glance at the dashboard showed me
that the truck was stuck at 57 km/h, yet the beach and its mangals
appeared to have been stretched, twisted and forced back into its place,
as I stayed imprisoned in that almost perfect frame of a lucid dream
gone too far.

Go away, go away. I mumbled to myself, gripping the wheel until my
knuckles lost all color. However, a quick peek showed me that wasn’t
true. My fingers remained loose to my sides, the very subtle trembles in
my thumbs being the only thing that proved my horror. What the fuck…
What’s going on? Why can’t I move?

The creature balanced one of its arms towards me; the night and the
clouds ceding humanity to the gesture.

I impulsively chewed the inside of my cheek and hit the gas with such
force it surely wouldn’t be denied by that trance. And yet, the number
on the speedometer didn’t change, mocking me, making me want to scream.
I didn’t care if it was a drunk, a crackhead or the fucking police. The
cold that waved through my veins made me want to kill it. To see it dead
on the same taint that splattered the asphalt, as if it was worthy of
bleeding like a human. As if… As if it…

Tak.

Tak.

My chest bursted in a singular static heartbeat.

My lungs, obstructed by the sulfuric undergrowth that raised from the
sand, extended my exhalation to superhuman limits, forcing me into an
uncomfortable, piercing stillness. The type of paralysis one imagines
when someone describes the world suspending itself during a daze, or how
your brain stops working when your blood vessels collapse and blood
thickens, robbing you of the capacity of discerning coherence. Logic.
Life.

Stop, stop. Please, stop. Leave me alone. Leave me…

My eyes half closed as I blinked.

Before darkness could swallow me whole, I perceived the thing moving to
the side, towards the copilot seat, without even looking inside the
truck.

Go away, go away, go away.

When I closed my eyes, I felt it.

Disguising its stumbling with the symphony of the machine, the thing got
in the backseat, making itself some space between the fishing nets,
hooks and the cables I had forgotten to unload.

The next I remember from the ride could be best described as a blur.

In a metaphorical and literal sense, the world became a blur of colors,
shapes, sensations and images that stretched, contracted, pierced my
temples and leaked little by little any speck of coherence that my tired
mind could come up with.

As I crossed the entrance that welcomed me to my city, the stone that
cuddled against my thorax became heavier, transforming my sighs into
shaky exhalations at the verge of sobs.

The creature emitted no sound. No growl, no murmur, no grunt. It Just…
Stayed there. Sometimes sitting; other times, standing. It just stayed,
until suddenly, it didn’t. It lingered on the truck’s roof until it
didn’t. It heard the engine’s whispers, confused it with its raspy
breathing, and let us go, turning the 57 into an 80 in a blink and
making the bumper collide into a bus stop.

I jumped in my seat, choked by a scream in need for air. The machine
creaked like before, spamming its melancholic bunch of patched pieces
until my hand reached for the keys and I forced it to die.

Without waiting for the truck to stop moving, I opened the door and ran
as fast as I could. As fast as my cramped legs could take me away from
the buzz that came below the vehicle.

“W-What the fu… The fuck?” I sobbed, not caring about who could hear me.
It was a commercial zone. Empty businesses, closed canopies and badly
painted roll-up doors that moved like curtains in the wind. My stomach
turned. “What the fuck was that?”

The beer gurgled in my palate with such strength it left me gagging a
few centimeters away from the ground. The acrid smell from the cars
blended with the acidity of my vomit and the sulfuric notes I felt
spawning below my skin. Dirty as the plastic bags on the sidewalk, I
hugged myself and fell into a fetal position. The spasms didn’t stop as
much as I wished them to. As much as I begged and implored in heavy
mumbles. My heart beat so fast, so strong my head started spinning. For
a moment I feared that my grip could break apart my skin. But at that
point, what did it matter? I was marked, I feared. Marked by horrors and
the memories of a night equally nefarious where invisible monsters
climbed through my body, their weight rendering me helpless to stop the
nightmare. Faceless demons that cursed you from the first look. That
perched you with its indistinguishable whispers to show you how
insignificant you were. How insignificant and pathetic.

“Son???”

“Hey son where are you?”

A whole hour had to pass for me to calm down, and another one to even
have the bravery to examine the inside of the truck, the backseat,
without falling for the thought that if I entered, if I turned it on and
kept going, what waited for me at the end of that invisible risk was
nothing less than hell itself.

“How’s it going?” my dad texted me at ten fifteen. I swallowed hard,
cleaning my lips with a shaky hand. I didn’t have the courage to grab
the phone immediately, so I watched it tremble and ring from outside,
begging me to reach for the last piece of normalcy that I had left.

“How much left, son?”

“Don’t you stay up too late”

“Son???”

Missed call.

Missed call.

Missed call.

And this went on for fifteen more times until now, eleven thirty, even
though it didn’t make much sense.

I wanted to call, to write, but I didn’t know what. My fingers remained
still over the keyboard, scared that if I said anything about what had
happened in the last hour it would come back to me, digging its claws
into my chest and its blood injected eyes into my heart.

Instead, I mustered up the courage to drive again. I drove until hours
lost meaning and my phone ring became one with the many grating sounds
the truck made over 100.

When I arrived, my dad, mom and aunt welcomed me with screams, sobs and
senseless scoldings. It was three thirty in the morning, and home
reached the consensus that I simply had too many drinks with people that
weren’t good for me again. I let them believe that, not out of fear of
not being listened to, but because the thought of doing something wrong,
being caught sneaking out my house at night while drunk and blurting out
nonsense was far safer than admitting that whatever it was that got in
the backseat was real. That it was real and that it let huge gathers of
mud and wilderness everywhere. That it was real and it penetrated
whatever security I might have felt in the old truck with its sulfuric
scent.

I still don’t know what the fuck was any of that. I don’t know how to
ask my grandma or my mom; Camila and her family.

Maybe I will someday. Maybe, with time, it will stop terrifying me so
much and allow me to formulate something that isn’t a babble. Something
that’s not a horrified sob; a distant silence, shielding the longest
night of my life.

Something that lets me recognize whose body it was in the middle of the
road.
