Back floating is one of the most essential skills to surviving in water
as much as it is a form of relaxation in it.
Such severe ends of the same spectrum when you dip into the water, any
body of water in fact.
Many times when I watcha horror or otherwise suspenseful piece of media
involving water. I think to myself.
“Why don’t they just back float?”
I grew up around water, in the water. I’ve been swimming since I could
walk practically. Never competitively, despite being a strong swimmer
due to environment I cannot dive no matter how hard I’ve tried and
practiced.
There’s a beauty to the water, an eerie one. When you dip down
underneath the surface, you are in the blood of life. The womb of Mother
Nature. She has a soul and a mind. For those who have the blessing of
being in tune with her, the sounds beneath the surface are her very
heartbeat as she encases every inch of your body.
I have heard her heartbeat. It’s not like our rhythm, it is never the
same. Sometimes it is gaps up to minutes at a time to hear the next blip
like a distant echo. Sometimes, it is rapid like horse hooves pounding
against the solid ground in a violent stampede.
As childish or insane as it already sounds, I know water is alive. I
especially know she has a twisted sense of humor. One that will take
advantage of weakness, of fear or hesitation.
That is not to say she is cruel per se but rather that it is clear she
is not human. So many people that fear looking down below into the
depths of the water will never hear her heartbeat but they will feel it
and tell her begin to stir.
Her laughter in the waves, those white caps that become higher and
higher. She wants to use her blood to encase you and pull you in to
greet the beings you so greatly fear as she howls with glee at something
she does so well, being a dominant force.
It has caused many deaths. I am not free from her dark humor either, she
has attempted to drown me three times. I remember being upside down and
opening my eyes underneath.
What should have been blurry blue with light peeking through was pure
darkness despite moments earlier I had been flinching at the harsh
sunlight.
I knew her tricks. I could feel her stifle her laughter as she had
blinded me through some unexplainable means. I flipped myself right side
up and swam up.
I could feel her instant disappointment but her acceptance of defeat as
well. I kept my eyes open as I swam up and up.
I broke the water’s surface and my vision had returned. As form of
brooding, she had gone silent. Slowed her heart and flattened her waves.
The most interesting part was that I was not afraid of her, not in that
moment and not now. I was just simply unprepared that day. I let my
guard down.
She has had a recent change. One in which in my entire life of knowing
her has never been something I have heard or felt from her.
I was swimming with my friends, I was actually teaching one to back
float as she was not a strong swimmer.
I demonstrated before she attempted with her life jacket so snug around
her torso it bordered on being a corset.
I saw her face contort as she lay with the back of her head and ears
adjusted to the water.
She flung forward and bobbed as she grabbed the shoulders of the life
jacket.
“There’s a humming noise underneath the water? Is that normal?” She
asked.
“A humming noise.”
“Yeah, it sounds like…sand falling in a way?” She replied.
Humming? I have heard the water thrash, I have heard her panic as well
as swoon but it was in roars and thuds. She has never hummed.
I leaned back into a back float into the water, dipping my ears and back
of my head below the surface. I closed my eyes.
She was humming. This was not the motor of nearby boats or the sound of
fish swimming away from other fish trying to eat them.
This was a hum.
It sounded like a choir of humming people but muffled as though I were
pressing my ear to the wall between myself and the room containing the
choir.
So close yet oddly far.
Until it wasn’t.
The humming became louder and louder.
It felt closer and closer.
I began to feel the vibrations in my body.
I spun around to be face down in the water, so I could see if it was
something, anything.
My face submerged into the water and my eyes flung open.
Nothing below me.
Absolute nothing but my shadow being sucked into the depth via the
sunlight bleeding into the water.
The hum felt as though it was right in front of my face.
It sounds strange but I knew I was looking at her. I could feel
something inches from my face, something looking back at me as I could
feel the humming inside my head.
I knew she was looking at me.
I was not afraid.
I could feel her give me a wicked smile with a giggle before leaving me
despite seeing no face and she began soaring elsewhere among her own
depths.
I did know who was afraid though.
My friends.
My friend in her life jacket went from being a bobber in the water to
being pulled so ferociously that the life jacket was slipping off.
She screamed and screamed.
I swam to her as fast as I could, thrashing in the water not out of
panic but out of knowing.
Her shoulders had slipped out of the arm holes in the jacket. She was
sticking her arms up through the neck hole of her life jacket where her
head now rested on the inside like an item in a bag.
I grabbed her hands and pushed them down into the water like a lever,
flattening her body back out into a back float. I was able to brute
force her back into her life jacket in that position.
I could see the shock on her face.
She was so inexperienced in water. I was arrogant thinking the water
would leave us be that day as there were many more people in the lake
that day who were more suitable for her form of entertainment.
I scanned around to see my other friend who was without a life jacket
booking it back to shore. She was fairly close to land and was a more
experienced swimmer than our other friend but not by a huge margin.
“Come on!” I shouted to my friend I helped. “We have to swim in now.”
We began swimming towards the shore. I knew I could not out speed the
very water itself but I knew I was the best bet given the circumstances.
Waves began to form as the water darted toward my friend frantically
trying o get to shore. I saw her eyes widen as she looked back to see
the ever increasing waves grow bigger and bigger.
She was in a trap that came out of delight but not with the
understanding you and I have when it comes to human mortality.
My friend was sucked underneath the surface without a sound, it was like
she was never even there.
“Go to shore! I’ll meet you there, call 911!” I said to my other friend
before diving beneath the surface.
As you get deeper and deeper into the water, she begins to squeeze you.
It starts to feel as though you are in a pipe with the amount of force
exerted on you. Yet, you are in open space? Every movement begins to
feel like slow motion and as though your limbs weigh thousands of
pounds.
I kept pushing forward.
It must have been 10ft below the surface. I was a strong swimmer but not
that strong, it was by sheer luck and adrenaline I was able to get that
deep. I couldn’t let my friend drown, it’s a fate too cruel and one that
was meant to be aimed at me.
Once again I felt her, the water. She was a ghost in her own being. She
moved like one. She didn’t have a visible form but you could feel her
moving and thinking the same way a person would feel wind on a windy
day.
I opened my eyes to see my friend tangled in the weeds, the situation
was a lot worse than I thought.
That humming though, it was still there. It felt like cicadas were
swarmed around us. That humming bordered on satanic because it felt evil
but I knew it wasn’t.
I grabbed my friend and used her like a guide rope to be able to get the
root of weeds and pull them from the sand.
I felt the water’s anger, all she wanted was to play but how could you
tell a force like her that this was not playful?
I was able to pull all the weeds up from the roots freeing my friend.
She began swimming up and towards the shore. I was barely keeping my
eyes open and I could feel the pressure of the water against my chest as
though I was being squeezed in a tube.
It was so painful but I remained as calm as I could. I knew an ounce of
fear in that moment would kill me.
As I began to swim up, I felt the water’s anger strangling me on the way
up. Not in the typical sense of inhaling water. I mean it felt as though
hands were wrapped around my throat.
As I swam up with this sensation, I could feel her frustration and
sadness as the humming pounded into my skull. With my barely open eyes,
it seemed as though I could make out a suggestion of her face.
It was not human but it was not animal. I can barely comprehend what it
was, all I knew was that it was the look of someone or something in
desperation.
Her grip began to loosen as I was only feet away from the surface. It
was then she let go of my neck and did something unexpected.
She grabbed my hand.
I looked downward to see nothing but I knew she was there. I feel a
tight grip against my hand similar to that of a child holding a parent’s
hand.
I saw no figure, no face but I knew I was looking at her. I felt her
sorrow, she does not understand. She does not know her power. She is a
force designed to exist, not to hurt nor heal, yet she seeks to
understand us.
Rarely do others seek to understand her.
I will never fully understand her but I have the fortunate blessing to
know her more than most.
I gave her two squeezes back before she let go of my hand allowing me to
emerge on the surface.
I remember taking the biggest breath of my life before focusing on
remaining calm and swimming back shore.
Once on land, I saw my shaken up friends. Their arms and legs were
covered in bleeding scratches that varied in size. They were so pale and
the fear in their eyes was so visible.
When EMS arrived, we didn’t know what to tell them. Most people think
it’s crazy to think that nature has a soul, that isn’t unfair though.
They made the conclusion that we were attacked by muskrats or snapping
turtles.
The next morning, I woke up with a sore neck. I went to the bathroom to
see a perfect band of purple and blue going around my entire neck as
thick as a stack of playing cards.
I hesitantly went to the shore and crouched down to stick my hand into
the water.
After a couple of moments, I felt her holding my hand. We shared a
moment, this was not something romantic or platonic but spiritual. She
probably knows many humans, I am probably not the only one she connects
with.
Yet, she probably has so few people that respect her nature.
It isn’t always easier to be brave around her but I have never know
someone so intimately in my life.
There still remains a mystery.
As I held her hand, I could still feel the faint humming from her
vessel.
Something has changed with her.
Why does she keep humming?
What is causing her humming?
She let go of my hand and I saw the waves follow behind her as she swam
off.
I stood back up and started walking back home, I rubbed my sore neck.
I could not stop thinking about my friends, especially my dearest friend
of all.
The Water.
