I do mean to emphasize that this story is a real story; I have had my
parents and aunts tell me otherwise, but I know it to be true. My native
place is in a remote village in Tamil Nadu, a state in India. Out of
everything in my native place, I remember my grandfather’s house the
best. It was a Chettenad mansion, a unique type of square bungalow which
has two floors, and in the center there was a courtyard with a large
water fountain. It was never distant from the paddy field, nor was it
far from the forest; each night you could hear the sounds of the
crickets or the sounds, or the ‘churr, churr, churr’ of the Indian
Nightjar. I had always found the sounds annoying; if you did not fall
asleep at 9:00, you were stuck all night hearing chur, chur of that darn
bird…

My great-grandfather had inherited acres of farmland, but by the time my
grandfather grew up, the old man had lost every bit of it to gambling
debts. Marriages are expensive in India, mostly for the bride. My
great-grandfather had arranged the wedding of my grandfather; the
bride’s father was to settle the debts my scoundrel great-grandpa had
acquired, and he was also supposed to give a mansion at the end of town.
The mansion became our family mansion.
My grandfather soon found out something was wrong with his wife. She
would spend hours alone screaming; sometimes she would make nonsense
words, and other times she would stay in the same position for hours. My
gramps, being the young man that he was, got tired of looking after her.
He had hired two maids to take care of his wife, and he himself had
decided to sail onwards to Lanka.

During those days, it was common for men to take a boat and just sail to
Lanka, trying to find riches or wealth. My grandpa had decided he would
stay in Lanka for as long as it took, and he did; he stayed there for
four years. For every month of the first year, he would diligently mail
the money to the maids; then by the second year, the frequency of the
mail slowed: he would mail them every two months, then every three
months, and four, and then finally, in a letter to them he wrote:
‘I have found a new woman in Lanka; I thank you for the help. You may go
now.’

That woman became my grandmother. In those days, it was not uncommon for
people to quietly kill those different from them; sometimes they would
simply stop feeding them, and sometimes, the person would just
‘disappear’ in the forests. It was seen as a ‘mercy’; the hired help had
simply locked the door, with the woman still inside.
It was said that when my grandfather left for Lanka, the woman had
gained a sudden fondness for him; she would talk to the maids about how,
when she would reunite with her husband, she would start a family, she
would have kids.
In the last days of her life, it was said that the woman desperately
screeched at the wooden door, screaming my grandfather’s name, ‘Muttu,
muttu, muttu’…
My grandfather had come back to India a rich man, and with a wife. He
now had the money to hire dozens of helping hands; he cleaned all the
rooms, and when they found the body. My grandfather had arranged a
funeral; it was a moderate affair. Only the girl’s mother and my own
grandfather showed up.

That is the background, the story of my grandfather’s first wife. It has
mostly been forgotten, except by some old aunts(who I myself got it
from).
Now, this brings me to the relative present: it was a wedding, and in my
culture weddings are a grand affair. Three hundred of my relatives were
cramped in the old house. A dozen or so people were taking a single
room. I had woken up, in what seemed to be midnight, to the sound of the
Nightjar and my uncertain bladder not letting me go back to sleep. The
most fascinating aspect of traditional Indian architecture is that the
bathroom is located outside the house.
I had gotten out of the house, the chills of the night and the humidity
of the equator both competing. The sound of the night was distilled by
the sound of critters, and there I saw her. I assumed her to be a
cousin. She wasn’t much older than me; perhaps she was in her late
twenties. She was looking into the distance, and I had decided that she
must have come for the same business as me.
She looked at me; her eyes seemed kind, and a smile was plastered on her
face. She came near and held my cheeks.
‘Dear,’ she said.
She must be a relative I have forgotten about. ‘Oh hello, akka, how are
you?’
‘It’s been so long. I haven’t seen you for a long time, dear’.
I was creeped out. I told her that I was sleepy, that I would meet her
in the morning,
‘Dear, why did you leave me? Her grip tightened. I was creeped out.
‘Akka, you’re holding too tight.
She smiled at me, the smile too far. ‘Akka…’
Suddenly she began screaming. Her grip tightened as she twisted her
wrist, and when I looked down, I saw a piece of my own cheek torn away
in her palm.
‘Dear, dear, dear…’ she began muttering, her dead eyes locked into mine,
I woke up, sweat layering my forehead. It must have been a dream, yet
for whatever reason I could feel a slight tension in my cheek.
It was in the morning that I saw a ceremonial photo in the hall; it was
the same woman I saw yesterday, and at the bottom it was written,
Mrs. Muttu.

This was not the last time I saw the spectre; it was the last day of the
wedding. I had come home early and locked myself in a room. I was
reading a novel—Agatha Christie, I think. When I heard a knock on the
door, I was about to open it. When I heard a familiar sound,
‘Dear…’ it said — I stood frozen.
‘Dear…’ it repeated louder; it was scratching at the door,
‘DEAR!’ it screamed; the door rails were rattling. I was beyond
terrified; my heart, I think, had completely stopped.
From the other end I could hear weeping and a distinct shrill wail,
‘why, why, why’. It repeated my grandfather’s name, ‘Muttu, muttu,
muttu’; then the sound faded.
When I told this story to my aunt and my parents, they all laughed.
‘Perhaps it’s because you look exactly like your grandfather when he was
younger,’ they teased.
But I swear, even now, when I am in the family home, I can hear a
woman’s voice, faintly crying and wailing, ‘Muttu, muttu, muttu…’
