Alright, alright, I know this is going to sound crazy but please just
listen. I don’t know what’s happening. I wasn’t always like this. My
brain wasn’t always like this. I used to be just like anyone else: I
could dream dreams, I could imagine images, I could think normal
thoughts. Now though… I don’t know. It’s like I’m never alone; there’s
always someone in my head.

Here… I know. Let’s start with an exercise of the imagination. That’ll
help you understand what, or who, it is I’m dealing with. I want you to
picture an apple. A Honeycrisp apple. Imagine its red skin with
splotches of green. Imagine it freshly picked, morning dew still
dripping from its surface. Its stem, slightly twisted from its recent
plucking, is short and brown. It is plump and ripe and would be
delicious and crisp. Imagine it sitting on a table. A table with a white
tablecloth. The table sits next to a window in the breakfast nook of an
old kitchen. Morning sun shines through the slats of the window, bright
and full of life. Can you picture it? Everything is fine and well,
right? Maybe for you it is. Mabe for you, the lucky few who can really
picture it, you can even walk up and take a bite of this apple. You can
imagine its crispy skin giving way to its sweet and juicy flesh beneath.
You can imagine the feeling of the morning sun against your skin, warm
and welcoming, as you delve into this delicious breakfast treat. Myself…
I’m not quite so lucky.

I used to be, don’t get me wrong. I used to be able to imagine it just
as described. I could even imagine myself snatching the apple from the
table and giving it a rub on my shirt before I bit into it. But now… now
its different. I try to imagine this, or any, scenario, and he
inevitably shows up. I have it pictured, the apple I mean. It’s sitting
right there on the table. I snatch it up; I rub it on my shirt and take
a bite. But my imagined teeth are met not by the apple’s crisp skin and
juicy flesh, rather, as they sink into what had appeared to be a
perfectly fresh apple, they are met by mush and sour. As I take a bite,
the apple has gone rotten. I imagine the taste and it is awful. I chew,
an action which I am incapable of stopping myself from doing no matter
how hard I try, and I feel the wriggling of a worm on my tongue. I want
to spit, I want to spew, but I cannot. I am stuck in nightmarish and
tainted daydream.

The worst part is that I can physically feel the squirming of the worm
and taste the rotted fruit in my mouth. When I imagine it, it is as if
parts of my imagination seep from my mind’s eye and into reality. No
matter how hard I try I just can’t stop from the movie in my mind.

I drop the rotted apple, and I hear it plop and mush against the
now-freezing tiles by my imagined feet. I follow the noise; I see the
fruit. I see its core and seeds and flesh and skin splattered across the
floor in the morning sun. The morning sun which now is being blotted out
by clouds, dark and ominous clouds. The light that I once imagined as
bright and yellow is now grey and dim. I look up, and I see him. The man
who has corrupted my imagination.

He sits at the table. He appears the same as he always does. He doesn’t
appear as you may think a nightmarish, imagination-corrupting man would.
He wears no trench coat and top hat. He carries no embossed cane or
stopwatch chain. He does not appear “old-timey”. No, he appears in my
mind wearing a blank grey sweatshirt with the hood pulled up. The brim
of a ballcap peeks from beneath the hood and shields his face in murky
shadow. He does not sit straight. His abnormally long, dark-jean covered
legs are spread wide and support his slouched frame. All-black sneakers
with a hint of mud on the edges of the soles plant firmly against the
tiles. His image always appears like this: crisp and sharp as the apple
had once been. He speaks no words. All that emits from the darkness of
the hood is a deep and gravely chuckle.

Then that’s it, I’m finally freed from my runaway imagination. I’m left
with the taste of rotted apple in my mouth and the sound of his
chuckling in my ears. I try to stop myself from imagining for a while
but it’s hard. I’m a graphic designer, and so my job is to imagine. I’m
quite literally paid to use my mind’s eye. But now, he’s affecting my
work. When I try to imagine a logo, I get the outline and the image in
my mind. I have it. It looks perfect, just as the client described, and
then… poof. It’s gone. In its place, a lewd and horrifically skewed
bastardization of what had once been perfect. And always, without fail,
the guy in the hoodie and jeans and muddy sneakers leans against the
image and laughs.

Honestly, I don’t know what to do anymore. My regular thoughts have
become hellscapes. I pull up to a stop sign, and all I can imagine is
speeding through it. He makes me imagine a young child, or an elderly
woman, crossing just as I hit the accelerator. I can’t stop in time. I
hear a thud. I hear the cries. I see and smell the blood as I leave my
car. And, as always, he is standing there chuckling as a shiver runs
down my spine and my stomach churns. These thoughts, they’re always so…
visceral. Hell, even as I type this out I imagine myself smashing my
nose against the desk and keyboard until my face is bloody and broken,
my bones pulverized by my own doing.

Is there anyone on here who’s had any similar experiences? Is there
anything I can do? I don’t know how much longer I can go on like this.
There’s someone in my mind, they make me think bad thoughts, and I don’t
know what to do.
