Links to previous posts at some point:
Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 | Part 4
Ah, the day of the annual barbecue hosted by the lovely family of
Harold, Bianca, Job, and his pets. Some of the most unique and vomit
inducing food you’ve ever seen. Everyone goes for the social aspect and
games. It is actually great fun. It’s also one of the few times we see
extended family on both sides. Some of Harold’s siblings and Bianca’s
twin sister, Beverly.
I knew their siblings. I have met them in the past. Never Mamaw and Pipi
though prior to whatever you can call that event, I just assumed they
lived somewhere besides the basement of the house.
I brought the same thing I always did, a store bought array of cookies
for about 30 people.
I began my long journey of 30-40 steps once again to their backyard. I
saw that long table once again only this time no chairs and I could see
Harold trying to start the grill.
“Tracy! Tracy!” Job shouted excitedly as he ran up to me giving me a
hug, Sparky following from a couple feet behind.
I gave him a partial hug as I tried balancing the tray with one hand,
Job let go and backed up.
“Hey Sparks! Can you bring those cookies to the table? I want to talk to
Tracy and tell her about all the cool adventures I’ve been having!” He
asked Sparky.
Sparky grabbed the tray from my hands and began walking towards the
table with it. Job began pulling on my now free hand towards the near
center of the backyard.
“Oh Tracy! You’ll never believe all the cool stuff I’ve done!” He said
as he sat down in the grass criss cross.
I followed suit.
“What have you done that’s so cool, Job?”
“Rose and I went to the zoo, her dads took us. I got to feed a giraffe.
It looked so tasty but cute. Then we got face painting done by this
woman who smelled like cigarettes.”
“What else happened buddy?”
“We left the zoo and we came back home. My mom and dad tried to convince
me that they thought I was a real tiger, I’m not a little kid. I know
they knew I was me.”
“Woah, you got your face painted like a tiger?”
“Uh yeah, tigers are so awesome. I wish Zoey was a tiger then we could
play Jungle or something. Instead all she wants to do is dig in the
basement.”
“Did anything else happen buddy?” I asked ignoring the basement part.
His body language shifted and general energy changed. He grabbed a
nearby stick and started poking the ground, his hand cupping his face as
he leaned into it.
“In my dreams I saw through the eyes of a murderer.” He said in a
slightly annoyed but mostly bored voice.
Huh.
“What do you mean Job?”
“Pappy says I have special eyes, ones that are meant to see chaos. Pappy
says pure chaos is perfect order as perfection is not natural, disorder
is but not chaos. So I see things that I don’t think I’m supposed to
see.” He said solemnly.
I sat stunned.
“I was looking through the eyes of a man, an evil man. He was chasing
some lady in the woods—she had orange hair and her red lipstick was
smeared so much it was coming out of her nose. Must have slipped while
putting it on.”
He lowered his head, parallel to the ground
“She was screaming so loud, the man caught her, he put a rope around her
neck and pulled and pulled and pulled, she sounded like Zoey throwing up
then. Then she was silent.”
“Job, have you told your parents about this?”
He suddenly sprang up into a perfect sitting posture and became cheery
again.
“Oh yeah, mom and dad said that’s normal for boys in our family. Dad
just says the next time I’m in his body try to find something called
disabling features.”
“I think you mean distinguishing.”
“Yeah that word…”
A minute of awkward silence fell between us.
“I’m gonna go play cars now, bye Tracy!” He got up and ran towards the
glass sliding door opening it, entering it, and throwing it shut behind
him.
I say once again, HUH.
Bianca emerges from the sliding glass door with a bag slung around her
body, the bag is bloody and looks heavy, causing her to slightly slump
toward the left side of her body.
I quickly get up and lightly jog towards her, following her to the
grill.
“Hey Bianca!”
She turns her head as best she can and lets out the closest thing to a
smile she can produce.
“Hi Tracy! I saw you talking to Job. He just simply thinks you’re the
coolest. We are so blessed with nice neighbors.”
“Aw thank you Bianca but I’m worried about Job.” I say as I walk
alongside her to the grill.
“Is something wrong?” She says with deep concern.
“Job told me about his dream”
She let out a sigh of relief and then…a laugh.
“Oh my, you scared me? I thought Job was being hurt.”
I overstepped my bounds.
“Bianca, he even said himself he doesn’t think he is supposed to be
seeing that.” I said sternly.
I could see Harold spring up in a straight posture and begin doing a
“cut it out” motion with his hand towards his neck in my peripheral.
Bianca made an angered expression and began straightening her posture,
it was almost as though she were growing. She lunged only inches away
from my face, I could see into the dark void of her barren eye sockets.
Even though she had no eyes, I knew I was looking at her soul. She
seemed gigantic but it just was that she wasn’t scrunched up anymore.
She had control of her body. It was taut rather than limp.
“Are you saying I am letting Job be hurt?” She said firmly, that sing
song voice was gone. It was now cold and piercing.
I honestly could have shit my pants, never did I think I would be scared
of a human husk.
I let my true feelings out in that moment, I took a breath.
“No, Bianca. You are one of the most loving mothers I have ever seen. I
just am scared Job doesn’t know how to feel about what he is seeing. It
could be really daunting and mind-boggling to go through that.” I said
with true concern.
She continued to stare at me for a solid minute.
Silence.
Her face then turned into a frown and she seemingly deflated back to her
normal, limp-ish form.
“I’m sorry dear. I’ve been stressed. I just—no you are right. I mean
these dreams are just normal for me and Harold now. I still remember my
first dream vividly, oh I couldn’t imagine my boy going through that
horror for the first time.” She said as she began to sniffle.
“Bianca, I’m no parent. I’m sorry too. I just know how much he means to
you and Harold. I think he’s an awesome kid too. I’m just saying maybe
therapy or maybe something therapeutic can help make him process it
better.”
She looked at me now with an almost soft smile, wiping tears from her
eyes.
“Oh all is well, I think that’d be a great idea. I’ll have Harold look
up some therapists on the web later.” She leapt at me giving me hug.
I hugged her back.
She whispered thank you into my ear.
She pulled away from the hug and took a deep breath.
“Gosh this barbecue makes me more emotional than when I was pregnant if
you can believe that. Anyway…” she said clearing her throat at the end.
She reached into the bloody bag and pulled out a huge slab of meat about
the size of a piece of printer paper. It plopped onto the now lit grill
with a sizzling noise.
“Have you ever had zebra steaks before?” She said returning to that sing
song tone of voice with a smile only she could have.
I couldn’t help but crack a smile and laugh, I felt so much emotional
whiplash my brain just malfunctioned and leaned into her well intended
olive branch in the form of a zebra steaks.
I saw Harold put his hand to his chest and let out a sigh of relief.
I helped set up games as more people trickled in.
David, Joe, Rosemarie, The Olsons, Not Terry, and a lot of other
neighbors.
Eventually, Harold’s siblings showed up. I would recognize the Twins
anywhere. Harold has two younger brothers who are twins named Jim and
Tim (real names Jimothy and Tames respectively, I’m not even joking they
showed me their drivers licenses to prove that). Have you ever seen what
a Neanderthal looks like in those museums? Imagine that but at 4’1” with
severe underbites, chimp teeth, porcelain skin, and eyes way too blue.
Despite their appearance, they are actually super chill. Their fashion
is an issue though, they dress like frat brothers.
The twins scurried over and tackled Harold to the ground as all three of
them shouted in unison.
“BROTHA!”
Then the oldest sibling, Colleen. She looks…completely normal. She looks
like a regular human, she actually quite pretty with her blue eyes,
tanned skin, and wavy hair. I guess the only things that are maybe odd
are that she has the worst case of RBF I’ve ever seen and that she’s
relatively muscular but I also have pretty bad RBF too and I shouldn’t
judge someone with guns like hers.
“Hi Colleen.”
“Hi Tracy”
“How are you?”
“Good and yourself?”
“I’m doing good”
“Glad to hear it. Sorry to leave so soon but I got to go get Jim and Tim
off Harold before they try to gouge his eyes out again. Good seeing you,
we’ll chat later” She said as she sprinted towards Harold who was now
screaming in pain, his brothers slamming their fists all over his body.
“OH GOSH GET THEM OFF! UNCLE! UNCLE!” Harold screamed as he became
somehow bloodier than ever.
I could see Colleen pull a mini fire extinguisher out of her purse and
start spraying Jim and Tim.
“BACK YOU HEATHENS!” She screamed.
Jim and Tim let out ape-like shrills before scurrying to the front yard
with Colleen hot in pursuit.
Then Beverly showed up, you’ll never guess? She looks almost exactly
like Bianca. The only differences being that Beverly has a pixie cut and
a style more akin to my own.
She showed up in crocs and socks, basketball shorts, and a white T shirt
with black text reading “I Shidded” across it.
Bianca and Beverly greeted each other with a hug.
“Bev, why couldn’t you wear the clothes I sent you?” She said in a
joking tone.
“Because this shirt fucks.”
The rest of the night went normal or at least as normal as it possibly
could go. The food? Edible! Zebra steaks with buttered peas and Sprite
jello as a desert. Not horrific. The games were fun, watching the twins
beat the crap out of Sparky was great, Jim gave Sparky the peoples’
elbow from the top of the fence and Tim gave him the chair. Colleen,
Beverly, and I had a great conversation around the bonfire later on
about life. David and Joe were having fun and I got to see them dance to
music played on the blue tooth speaker and the stars, oh my goodness the
stars that night were like thousands of pieces of hope shining into your
very being.
Bianca got very drunk, threw up, and kept apologizing to me. Beverly had
to put her to bed early by helping her to the bedroom.
Harold was drinking straight olive oil, so was Colleen but I guess
something has to be weird about her. Everyone went home with smiles on
their faces. Maybe I wasn’t as traumatized this time, maybe there is
hope. Well I guess it’s scary to know that Bianca is only becoming a
greater mystery, how did she get bigger? How could she suddenly control
herself so well? Most of all, what did she mean by they all have dreams
like Job’s?
