Forgive me.

It started on a Monday, right on the hottest day of the summer. I keep a
pretty strict morning routine: I have since mid high school, when I
realized that, it’s true, surviving off of four hours of sleep and five
pop-tarts eaten spread out throughout the course of the day really isn’t
very good for your mental and physical wellbeing.

I go to bed early with a full nighttime routine complete with noise
canceling headphones, and I wake up well rested around six AM, which is
right when the sun is coming up in mid July. That’s one of the reasons I
really prefer the winter: I like to be up before it’s bright outside. It
gives me a sense of privacy for those few hours before anyone else is
awake, it gives me some time where I know without a shadow of a doubt
that no one will be thinking about me, looking at me, or trying to talk
to me.

It did, at least.

On this Monday I was following my usual schedule. I rolled out of bed to
the sound of my cats shrieking at me, fed them, hopped in the shower,
got dressed, and put on some coffee.

I didn’t notice him until I walked to the window, mug in hand, warming
both of my palms.

He was unassuming. He stood right at the end of my driveway, in front of
the concrete path through the grass to my front door. He was wearing
comfortable clothes, like what you might put on for a trip to the
airport. Sweatpants. Hoodie. His hair was wet, as if he’d also recently
gotten out of the shower, just like I had.

I frowned, bringing my coffee to my mouth as I watched him. I didn’t
recognize him, but that wasn’t saying much. I didn’t know many of my
neighbors. I mostly just kept to myself.

He didn’t have a dog, so he wasn’t walking one. He wasn’t holding
newspapers or mail. In fact, this man lacked any sense of duty at all.
There was no urgency or responsibility in his stance, he gave me no
indication that he was only pausing in front of my yard to smell the
flowers before continuing along with his day.

He was just… standing.

I found my work bag where I’d left it the night before, sitting on my
couch. I packed it back up, shoving my laptop and refilled water bottle
into the pocket.

When I got back to the window, he was still standing there. He was
looking around, almost like he was bored. He looked up at the clouds,
then down at his feet, then at what must have been a watch on his wrist.

I hesitated, taking one last sip of my coffee before putting my cup in
the sink. Then I opened my front door, stepping outside into the rapidly
warming day.

“Hey,” I called out, my voice still gravely from sleep. I crossed my
arms over my chest as if it was cold, hugging myself. “Can I help you,
man?”

The man seemed surprised to hear me speak, looking up from a crack in
the pavement that he’d been closely examining. He blinked, the silence
stretching between us across the lawn.

“No,” he said finally. “I’m okay.”

More silence, this time feeling far more tense. I felt my face grow hot
in embarrassment for the both of us. How didn’t he understand that it
was strange that he was standing there, in front of my house at seven in
the morning, and wouldn’t tell me why?

“Okay,” I mumbled finally, frustrated. I was never good at
confrontation.

I locked the door behind me, taking extra care to make sure it was
latched securely. It had of course crossed my mind that he could be
casing me, but who would be so stupid as to do it out in the open like
this, where I could clearly see his face and identify him to the police
later if I had to?

I got in my van and backed out of the driveway. In my rearview mirror I
could see him, standing there, watching me pull out. He didn’t move.

I told myself this was fine. This was just a weird story to tell Casey
later, another one of those instances where something strange and
unexplainable happens to someone that realistically has a perfectly
reasonable explanation. I was fine with not knowing why this happened,
because he’d be gone by the time I got home, and that would be that.

I was early to work, but I was always a little early. I hung out in the
break room, waiting to clock in.

Ten minutes before my shift started, Casey arrived. He looked more tired
than usual, with bags under his eyes, and he groaned when he spotted me,
slumping down across from me.

“Good morning,” he grumbled, drawing out the “g”.

I couldn’t help it, a small smile tugged at my lips. Casey expressed
everything so animatedly, as opposed to my usual monotone - it left me
wondering every day what he was going to be like. He was my only sense
of entertainment at work, and maybe in general. There weren’t many
people that I genuinely considered a friend of mine, but he’d placed
himself adamantly in that role almost as soon as I’d met him a few years
ago in this very room. All of the stress of the morning melted away.

“You’re not gonna want to hear this,” I said. “But you forgot your name
tag.”

He looked down at himself and threw his head back in agony. “Shit! Damn
it, Megan will have my ass. Third time this week.”

I checked the time. Five minutes until I clocked in.

“Still getting those calls?”

“Yes! My god, they won’t give it a break!” He scrubbed at his face. His
hair looked greasy, like he’d forgotten to wash it. “I’ve tried blocking
the numbers, I’ve called the phone company… whoever it is won’t stop.
They must be buying burner phones or something. I really think it’s that
guy from last month that I pissed off.”

“All you said was no refund for that destroyed phone. That thing was
like a couple of slivers of glass tied together by some wires.”

“I know!” He rested his head on his arms, slumping over on the table.
“Well, apparently he found another place to buy it off him, because he
could sure afford a new one.”

It was time for me to start work. As I stood up, everything that I
wanted to tell him about rushed back to me. Something about how
unexplained the calls he’d been getting were had reminded me.

“Oh my god, I have to tell you something later. When’s your lunch
break?”

Casey could always make things feel a little less serious. He could
always make me feel better, make me see that things weren’t so drastic.
I hoped he never lost that quality about him.

When work was over, the sun was low over the horizon, drenching the
parking lot in orange. My day had felt long and stressful, as most did,
but I still relished the sense of purpose and community that it afforded
me. As much as I liked being home and by myself, being at my job was
crucial to my stability, and I always had a hard time transferring from
one state to another. Especially when I left in the evening, and the
drive home felt eerie and quiet compared to the bright fluorescent
lights and conversation I’d been submerged in moments before.

I listened to the radio, letting the sound of newscasters and
commercials comfort me as I took my route home.

As soon as I turned down my street, I knew something was wrong. I knew
before I even saw them.

There were six people now, all standing in front of my house. The man
from this morning was still there, leaning from left to right to give
each foot a break from the burden of his weight, right where I’d left
him. But now there were more of them, lined up behind him in single
file, all unassuming and dressed comfortably as if they had nowhere else
to be but here.

I pulled into my driveway, my hands shaking on the steering wheel. I
waited a moment before turning off the engine, the radio droning in the
background, not absorbing anything the garbled voices were saying.

Was I supposed to call the police? That sounded like my personal
nightmare. Was this some sort of group effort to freak me out, some kind
of gang stalking tactic? I couldn’t think of a single person who might
hate me enough to do something like this. I tended to stay out of
people’s way.

I got out of the car, shrugging my bag over my shoulder, mulling over
what I should say.

“Excuse me,” I called out, taking a few steps toward the line, cautious.
“What’s going on here?”

Maybe it wasn’t the most eloquent way to ask, but I could hardly even
get those words out. My voice was shaking just as much as my hands still
were.

A couple of the people looked at each other. I swore I saw one of them
shrug, a younger man, maybe a few years younger than me.

“We’re waiting,” the younger man said finally, smiling politely. It was
like the smile I gave customers after an extra grueling rush. Tired.

I stared at him blankly. I looked between each of their faces. That look
was the only thing they had in common: that exhaustion, sewn in a little
below the surface, somehow mingling with a certain sense of excitement
that hummed in the air between them. Anticipation.

“Why?” I deadpanned. I was getting frustrated again. What did I have to
do to get a straight answer? “For what? Why here?”

The young man looked around, as if hoping that someone else might
answer, but when no one spoke up, he turned to me again.

“This is where we were told to wait.”

My mouth dropped open, and I forced it to close again. I was in awe at
how he thought that was a suitable answer. I opened my mouth another
time to say something concise, something like who the hell told you to
wait here? But all that came out was a strangled sound, like I was an
animal that had just been shot by a bow and arrow.

I went inside, shutting down and defaulting into walking up my front
steps, locking the door again behind me.

I tossed my bag down and pulled out my phone, calling Casey. I didn’t
know what else to do. My cats meowed at my feet, scratching at my
ankles.

“Stop calling this number,” he said after a couple of rings, his voice
slightly breathless. “I’m serious, dude, if you don’t stop I’ll-”

“It’s me,” I said, slumping down into a chair at my kitchen table. I
looked around, just to make sure nothing seemed tampered with, although
my door had still been locked when I got home.

“Oh! Sorry, man. I’m on a run, I just assumed it was that guy again.
What’s up?”

I paused to swallow, collecting my words and lining them up in my head
like those people outside. One after another. “You know that man I told
you about who was standing outside my house this morning?”

“Yeah…?”

I let out a shaky breath. “He’s still here. And there are more of them
now.”

I heard him stop running, his breathing hard and his clothes rustling as
he readjusted them. “Are you serious?”

“Yeah.” For some reason, I felt on the verge of tears. I didn’t want to
be a baby. I just didn’t like situations like this, situations where I
felt like I needed help. But my anxiety was bad enough as it was. I just
wanted someone else to see the same thing I was, affirm that my fear was
justified.

“Hang on,” he panted. “I’m only a few blocks away from you. I’ll come
over.”

“Okay,” I muttered, resisting the urge to tell him to be careful. That
was stupid, the people outside hadn’t shown any signs of being
dangerous. “Thanks.”

I watched out of my front window, waiting for him to arrive. I watched
the people in the line. Some had sat down on the curb, some were
checking their phones. The first man and an old woman behind him were
having an animated conversation. Before my very eyes, two more people
joined, walking up from somewhere down the street.

Casey stared at them as he jogged up my driveway, his eyebrows furrowed
in confusion. They stared right back at him, some whispering amongst
themselves. I unlocked the door for him, letting him inside. He was
drenched in sweat, his hair even greasier than it had been that morning.

“You weren’t kidding,” was the first thing he said, peering through the
blinds like I had just been doing.

“No,” I choked out, beginning to pace. “Why would I joke about this?”

“I don’t know!” He ran his fingers through his hair. “To freak me out?”

“When have I ever done something like that?”

Despite everything, despite the way my face was screwed up as if I was
in physical pain, he grinned at me. “Thought maybe you were trying
something new.”

“Casey.”

“Okay, I’m sorry.” He nodded, looking up at the ceiling like he was
mulling it over. “Lets call the police.”

The patrol car that pulled up carried a heavy set bald man with a blonde
mustache, a man who looked unequivocally like a cop. He came to the door
while looking behind his shoulder, just like Casey had.

I told him about the man. I told him I had tried to talk to them, to not
much success. I told him I was worried for my own safety, just like
Casey had instructed me to before his arrival. It’s just like at the
doctor, he had said. Exaggerate so they have to take it seriously.

The cop agreed that it was strange. “Give me a moment,” he told me.
“I’ll try and get some answers.”

Casey and I watched as he went up to the line, starting with the man at
the front. I could see their mouths moving, but there was no way to know
what they were saying from there. The man nodded at something, and the
cop shrugged. Everything seemed very ordinary, as if none of this was
anything of any urgency. Casey and I shared a nervous look.

“Here’s the thing,” the cop said when he finally returned to my front
door, after seeming to speak to a few more of them. “They don’t seem
very talkative. Best I can assume is this is some kind of social
experiment type deal. Or a prank. But they don’t seem to be aggressive
or of ill intention.”

I could do nothing but stare at him. Casey was the one to speak, after a
moment of empty air.

“Can’t you tell them to go away?”

The cop sighed, taking a moment to speak in a low voice into his radio.
“They’re on public property.”

“They’re in front of my house!” I managed to squeak. “They’re inches
from my lawn!”

The man nodded sympathetically, in a way that didn’t feel entirely
sincere. “I understand that. Unfortunately, I can’t do much unless they
pose an active threat.” I could tell he was already detaching himself
from this situation, losing interest in our conversation. “Call us again
if they do anything else.”

I watched him go, offering me one last curt nod. I couldn’t believe it.
When I turned, Casey was shaking his head in dismay, looking just as
exasperated as I was feeling.

He stayed for a while, then told me he would have to go home. It was
dark by then, the streetlights illuminating the standing bodies lined
down the sidewalk. They weren’t even leaving for the night.

“I’m sorry,” he winced. “I have to feed my dog and try to get some rest.
I’ll call you first thing in the morning and check in, okay?”

I just nodded. My throat felt tight. It was taking everything in me not
to beg him to stay. I didn’t want to be alone. But even more than that,
I didn’t want to seem desperate.

He searched my face, apprehensive. I could tell he felt guilty. “Will
you tell me if anything changes?”

I nodded again, summoning my strength. “Don’t worry, Casey. I’m good.
Are you sure you’re okay walking home? I could give you a ride.”

I said it thinking of the people outside, as if one of them might chase
him down, but as soon as it left my mouth I remembered his weird phone
calls. It occurred to me that he might be scared right now, too.

Still, he shook his head. “I’ll be fine. I’m fast. I’ll run.” He
punctuated the sentence with a laugh.

“Cool… okay. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

“Cool.” He hovered awkwardly by the door for a moment before giving me a
handshake, slapping my hand. I was sure I was sweaty, but he didn’t show
any acknowledgement, which I immensely appreciated.

As soon as he was gone, the house settled into an uncanny quiet. I
turned on all the lamps, closed all my shades, and double checked that
all the doors were locked.

Then I went to bed, praying that when I woke up, things would be back to
normal.

But they weren’t. The second I opened my eyes the next day, a deep
feeling of dread closed in on me.

There had to be more than seventy people now, lined up down my street. I
walked down my driveway, staring in horror.

Some of them had brought chairs. Some were sleeping, curled up against
the rain gutters. Some seemed wide awake, bouncing anxiously on the
balls of their feet. I couldn’t even see all the way to the end of the
line, as it curved where the street did, disappearing around a bend.

I felt like my brain was breaking. I sucked up all my nerves and walked
down the line, trying to determine if I recognized a single one of them.

Some were more willing to talk to me than others. Some of them just
looked at me nervously, or avoided my eyes entirely. I started asking
each of them what they were waiting for, to varying degrees of success,
but no one would give me a completely straight answer.

“I’m here for my son. I need another chance,” one woman told me, but
when I asked what she meant, she only shook her head at me
apologetically.

“They all think that being first in line means they’ll be first,”
another woman said, as if she was just gossiping, as if I had any idea
what she was talking about. “But I don’t even think that’s how it works.
Still, it’s good to be here early, probably. Shows you really want it.”

One man, when I focused in on him, burst into tears. The people next to
him in line rubbed his back.

I was walking back up the line towards my house, in a daze of confusion
and still half awake, when someone grabbed my sleeve.

Her eyes were wide and watery, and her fingers trembled as she held on
to me.

“It’ll happen soon,” she whispered quickly, quietly. The faces of the
people around her darkened, glaring at her. “You know what to do. I know
you know what to do.”

I sprinted back to my house, slamming the door behind me.

I had two missed calls from Casey. I called him back, and he answered on
the first ring.

“Dude! I was worried! I know you’re always up by now.”

“I’m okay,” I muttered, still out of breath from running back. “Casey,
there are so many people now. They’re all the way down the block.”

“Oh my god. Are you serious?”

“Yes. And they’re so weird. I don’t know what they- hang on, why are you
up so early?”

I could almost hear him shrugging through the phone. “Didn’t sleep
much.”

“Why?”

There was a beat. “I kept feeling like someone was in my house.”

I could feel myself frowning, my mouth turning down. I swallowed hard.
“Casey…”

“I know, I know. It’s stupid. Are you coming to work?”

I walked down the hall to my room, still holding the phone up to my ear,
just to do something. Just to keep moving. “I guess so. I don’t know
what else to do.”

He sighed in relief. “Okay. Great. I’ll see you there?”

“I’ll see you there.”

When I got back out to the living room, I nearly leapt out of my skin.

There was a man standing at my window, his hands pressed to the glass,
peering inside. As soon as he noticed me he sprinted away, and I watched
him reclaim his spot in line, about five houses down from my own.

The next few days kept me in a constant state of fight or flight. When I
drove home from work, I started passing the line five minutes before I
pulled into my driveway. Then six. The line only multiplied: it was like
the population of an entire town had coordinated to stand right in front
of my doorstep.

I called the police several more times. To their credit, they did
finally try and tell the line to leave, threatened them with loitering
charges: once they really did start to disperse, and the relief I felt
was incomparable, but as soon as the squad car pulled away, they were
back. I started to feel hopeless.

On my days off I just sat inside with the blinds drawn, obsessively
checking to see if anything had changed every few minutes. I wasn’t sure
at this point if it would unnerve me more if it did or if it didn’t.
Either way, I would have no explanation.

The atmosphere was changing. The buzz that had been hovering in the air
since those first few people arrived was only growing stronger.

They were waiting for something, and it was coming. It was getting
closer.

The next Wednesday, Casey called me as I lay in bed, waiting for
exhaustion to hit me.

It was around ten PM, long past when I used to go to bed so I could wake
up early. I had given up on routine.

“John,” he said when I picked up.

I immediately sat up in bed. His tone was different. This was not the
usual bubbly, self assured Casey.

“What’s wrong?”

I could have sworn I heard a whimper. “Can I come over? Can I sleep over
there?”

“Of course,” I said right away. It was so scary to hear him like this.
“Of course you can. What’s going on?”

“There’s someone here. I know it. You have to believe me.”

I felt like my heart might crack one of my ribs. “I do. I believe you.”

“I’ll be over in ten,” he said, and hung up the phone.

The next ten minutes were torture. I watched out my window, this time
almost completely ignoring the line. I hardly cared about the line right
then, for the first time since it began.

When his headlights illuminated the front of my house, I opened the
front door. He pulled in behind my van.

It started slowly, quietly, from somewhere mid line.

Someone started cheering.

Slowly, they all joined in, until the neighborhood was flooded with the
sound of clapping hands.

I ushered Casey inside. He wasn’t himself, dragging his fingertips
through his hair and licking his lips. If I didn’t know him, I might
have assumed he was on drugs.

His phone rang, and the sound made both of us jump. He shook his head,
staring at it for a moment before chucking it at the floor. It
shattered.

“Okay,” I said slowly, putting my hand carefully on his back. “Okay.
Let’s sit down.”

I watched TV with him late into the night, glancing at him from the
corner of my eye until I saw his shoulders slump a little and his
breathing slow. At around two AM, I realized he was asleep, his head
half resting on my shoulder.

I eased him down onto the couch, covered him in a blanket, and retreated
quietly to my room, careful to shut the door softly so as not to wake
him.

I woke up about an hour and a half later to the sound of cheering. My
headphones had fallen off at some point when I must have rolled over. It
was muffled, dampened only by the walls between my room and the outside,
but it was loud enough to force my eyes open.

I sat up, groggily rubbing my eyes, trying to comprehend what was
happening. Then I remembered Casey, out on the couch, asleep.

And then I heard something from the kitchen.

I got out of bed, my feet hitting the carpet, warm from the summer
night. The cheering kept going, like the backtrack of a sitcom. It made
my stomach twist like someone had their hands in there, tying my
intestines into knots.

The pieces of Casey’s shattered phone was still scattered on the kitchen
floor.

As my eyes adjusted to the light, I could see that wasn’t the only thing
different about the room. Half of my drawers were open, the contents
emptied on to the counters. A chair had been tipped over, too, sitting
on its back on the tile floor.

I heard a rustle from the other room, and my head flew up so fast I
heard my neck pop.

A man stood in my living room, in the dark.

He was reaching for the zipper of his black rain jacket, the hood
covering his hair. We made eye contact as he zipped it up, to cover his
face.

But not before I recognized him as the man from the store. The one who
had been so upset about the phone return.

The one who had threatened Casey in the parking lot afterwards. The one
who had been calling him nonstop ever since.

He dropped something, and hit the living room rug with a thump. Then he
ran, leaping out of the back window that I must have forgotten to lock
the night before.

My fear kept me frozen in place, completely still. I didn’t even think
to chase him.

I looked at what he’d dropped. It was one of my kitchen knives, and it
was covered in something dark and red and viscous.

I looked at the couch, facing away from me, where Casey’s hand was
draped over the arm.

Limp.

Casey was dead. I knew it before I even rounded the corner, and looked
into his slack, pale face.

When the cops got there I was kneeled in front of the couch, my face
buried in his chest, my clothes soaked in his blood. It had been all I
could make myself do. All I could say to him was forgive me, forgive me,
forgive me.

Forgive me for not saving you.

As they dragged me outside, needing three officers to even support my
full weight, the cheering got louder. It echoed down the street, a
raucous and grating sound that made my head spin. I saw some of their
faces under the street lights, some beaming at me and some looking
utterly heartbroken on my behalf.

Like they knew.

It felt like slow motion as they hauled me into the squad car. As I
watched out the window as we pulled away, and the ambulances pulled up,
lights not even on. Siren replaced with that awful cheering.

And down the street, down the line, someone began to rise. A figure was
plucked out of the line and began to rise in the air as if there was
some invisible beam drawing them up, and up, and up, hovering above the
rest.

They had been chosen.

The cheering began to die down. Some cried out in distress and protest,
falling to their knees or pulling at their own hair. Some just watched.

I watched in horror as my surroundings began to flicker, and to change
before my eyes. My house shuddered and rippled, and then it wasn’t my
house anymore. The neighborhood shifted and it was no longer my
neighborhood. We were in the city, the street filled with cars, and my
home was now a tall apartment building, spotted with window lights
cutting through the darkness.

In my holding cell, I was nothing. I was no one. All feeling had left my
body, leaving me cold and numb. They asked me if I wanted to make a
call, and I said nothing. I had no one I wanted to call.

I kept thinking, maybe if I had done something differently. If I had
stayed on the couch with him, or taken all the warning signs more
seriously… if I hadn’t worn headphones to bed…

If I had done something differently, he would still be here. My best
friend. He would still be alive.

I hardly noticed when someone started talking to me. Not until they
touched my arm.

“You failed,” they said, their wispy voice hardly penetrating my ears.
“Nothing changed.”

It was a man, maybe a cop that was out of uniform, but maybe not. He
felt strange, like something I couldn’t fully get a grasp on, even while
looking directly at it. I couldn’t describe to you what he looked like.

I nodded. It was all I could think to do.

I just wanted to go back. I wanted to go back to last night, or before
then even, and do it differently. If I could just try again, I would
have saved him.

“It’s okay,” he said sympathetically. He took my hand through the bars.
“You can try again. Do you remember me?”

I shook my head.

He took a sharpie out of his jacket pocket, and began to write on the
back of my hand. I let him.

“Go to this address,” he said softly. “On this date. Wait there. If
you’re chosen, you won’t remember this. You won’t remember anything.
You’ll be taken back to before it happened again.” He spoke to me as if
I were a child, his eyes looking over my face, searching for any
recognition. He found none. “If you interact with anyone while you’re
waiting, do not tell them why you’re there. You cannot help them change
what they need to change. They need to do it on their own.”

He smiled at me. He had a kind face, but something was slightly wrong
about it. Slightly sharpened like the tip of a knife.

“Good luck, John.”

And then he was gone.

I’m home now. My real home, not the shifting fabricated one from before
my friend was murdered. I got out on bail, and I’ve been put on house
arrest for the time being. I’m still a suspect, but my lawyer is
hopeful. He says if they let me out at all, they must know deep down
that it wasn’t me who killed Casey.

I haven’t washed off what that man wrote yet. I just keep staring at it.

The date is in a week. My court date is a few days after that.

I’m not sure if I’ll try again. I’m not sure if anything would change. I
think it’s in my nature to be a coward.

Maybe that’s what he’s trying to teach me.

I’m just not sure if I’m ready to learn.
