I’m so unequivocally fucked up right now, it’s not even funny.

I heard the skittering for the entirety of my first night in my the
apartment. I barely slept. I thought it was an insect at first, maybe
some sort of rodent, stuck in the claustrophobic, aluminum duct.

“God,” I remember thinking, “I hope it’s not a rat.”

I wish it had been a rat.

It was so quiet, I almost didn’t notice it at first. As soon as my ears
picked up the faint tick-tick-ticking, I couldn’t get it out of my head.
Back and forth, back and forth, all night long, right over my head.

It was maddening.

The next day, I listened closely, and sure enough, it was still there. I
quickly realized that I could track its tiny, little movements. The
scampering would go from the leftmost vent in my room, run along the
wall bordering the ceiling, and end right at the top of my closet
doorframe. Then, it did it all over again. With heavy, sagging eyelids,
I realized I had to do something. So, I just watched that white painted
vent, waiting and ready for anything. The plastic vent had clearly been
given the landlord special, haphazardly glossed over just in time for me
to move in.

I don’t know what I was expecting, if anything. Tiny insect legs, maybe
the delicate putter-patter of a little mouse claw. Alas, despite my
mounting frustration, I saw nothing, I heard only the back and forth
cupid shuffle of invisible, erratic feet.

Tick, tick, tick.

Tick, tick, tick.

Rather than unfurling and enjoying the first day in my new home, I sat,
irritated, and shifted my gaze along the top of my wall, following the
audible miscreant with my eyes, incessantly.

It really was maddening.

Tick, tick, tick.

Tick, tick, tick.

It got to the point that I was hyper focused on it, even in other rooms,
I simply couldn’t focus on anything else, no matter how hard I tried. I
even took a walk to take my mind off it, but I swear, I could still hear
it, almost like an itch, buried deep in my head, behind my eyes. It was
completely unreal.

Tick, tick, tick.

Tick, tick, tick.

I laid for hours my second night, trying to fall asleep, eyes screwed
shut tighter than a freshly sewn pair of buttons. But I just couldn’t
escape it, the constant noise. Back and forth, from the vent opening, to
the doorframe of the closet, on repeat.

Eventually, I just couldn’t take it anymore. At 2 am, I bolted straight
up in the dark with a groan. Bug, rat, didn’t matter what manner of
critter it was.

I was determined to get it.

I found a screwdriver in my kitchen drawer. In the dark, I fought with
the vent opening. I quickly found, to my luck, that it wasn’t even
screwed in properly, just painted over like everything else. Within
seconds, the plastic cover came off with a comical pop. Only then did
the scattering come to a confused, blissful halt.

Peace at last, but to what end?

Whatever it was, was maybe a foot from the mouth of the urban cave. That
only pissed me off more.

“Oh, so now you wanna stop, eh? Is that it?! Get over-,” I hissed,
standing on my tip toes and reaching into the hole.

The little miscreant scrambles back.

I grit my teeth, reaching in further.

It retreats deeper.

I’m real pissed.

The vent system itself was surprisingly clean, smooth metal surfaces
thumping and twanging as I bumbled further and further in.

Tick, tick, tick.

Tick, tick, tick.

It stayed just out of my reach, yet just close enough that I could feel
my fingertips brush against its sweaty skin, what I assumed was some
vermin’s tail. I felt it slipping further and further into the wall, and
I only had so much arm that I could twist to fit into the vent.

My mission could not be clearer, in that moment.

I needed to grab it, and I needed to do it quickly.

My last chance at un-interrupted sleep was literally skittering
centimeters away from my fingers.

“Oh no you don’t,” I wheezed triumphantly, shoving my forearm all the
way to my elbow in a last-ditch burst of energy to snag the thing.

Now, I wanna pause and acknowledge something.

I know it was a stupid decision, all of this.

Why didn’t I try to shine a light in? Or put down pest bait? Admittedly,
it was a compulsive thought, to shove my arm into a vent, spurred by
desperation and a lack of proper sleep. Illogical.

My fingers wrapped around something cold with a soft exterior. Clammy,
icy to the touch, but disyinctly… wrong. Too firm. Not like a small
animal. I was instantly sobered by a horrific sensation. I had gripped
something that felt like a…

It tried to fight, but I just fumbled with it until I had wrestled more
into my grasp. More of the thing.

Creases, bends. Multiple long, cold, phallic objects, each no more than
a few inches long. They varied in length, and fought my grasp
vigorously.

It was when I found the distinctly hard shell that adorned one of their
otherwise soft tips that I truly realized what I was holding in my hand.

It was 5 fingers.

With growing panic, I tried to write off my own discovery, but sure
enough, when I kept feeling further and further, I found knuckles, then
the back of a hand with the hard ridges of bones underneath the skin,
then a soft palm in the center of the wriggling mass

I was holding an adult human hand, and it was in my vent, embedded in my
wall.

Almost instinctively, I yanked my hand back, the object still clutched
in between my digits.

Now this next part is really hard to explain, so I have to make sure I
do it right. If it’s confusing, I’m sorry.

You don’t think of holding a hand as anything other than holding a hand.
The physics of the act isn’t something you consider. You just sort of do
it.

You either intertwine your fingers between the fingers of another, or
maybe you just hold their palm and they hold yours, which is admittedly
less intimate, more of a hug than an embrace.

I used to get to hold someone’s hand.

Anyhow, the way I was gripping this hand, I knew it was disembodied, it
had to be, because the way I had to hold it, kind of made it ball up
into a clenched fist, so the whole thing fit into my grasp.

Imagine my fingers are tightly wrapped around the top of the wrist, so
to speak. The entire hand is in mine, and where the top of the wrist
would connect to an arm, it’s just a nub, like it had grown entirely
separate from the body it was assigned to.

Maybe it was never assigned to a body at all.

I don’t know.

What I do know is that the top of the nub had an opening. A cavity.

And that cavity apparently had teeth.

I came to this realization when I felt a sharp pain zap through the
webbing between my thumb and my index finger. Like a taught wire had
been cut.

It fucking hurt.

Bright crimson blood spurted from my thumb, and vivid blots adorned on
the edge of the vent hole, where I’d popped the plastic lid off only a
moment earlier.

I whipped my wrist out of surprise at the sudden pain in my hand,
pitching the disembodied knuckle-sandwich into the recesses of my dark
room, between some boxes or something. Into the shadows it went, where I
couldn’t see it anymore.

I had a brief notion that I’d need to look out for it. A notion that was
quickly remedied, when it came scuttling out of the void like a demonic
crustacean. Without hesitation, it made a beeline directly back into the
open hole.

It doesn’t have any discernable eyes. I doubt it has a brain.

How did it know how to do that? Aside from what it did to my hand,
that’s that part that troubles me. It just… I don’t know. That thought
fucked me up the most.

How did it know to do that?

Anyhow, the thing went quiet for a while. I called management, but they
laughed at me and implied that they call the cops pretty quickly on
prank callers. Very low tolerance. They also didn’t appreciate being
called earlier than 5am. Go figure.

I guess my next step is to grab a maintenance guy or maybe a wandering
neighbor in the morning? Convince them that I’m not crazy, just long
enough to get them in here and make them see for themselves. Maybe I’ll
make a complaint about an unrelated issue, and go from there, see what
that does.

Hell of an introduction, by the way. Something about first impressions?

I left the vent opening off. I can’t bring myself to come anywhere near
that hole again. If it comes out, it comes out. I doubt that it’s gonna
do that though.

After it was still long enough, it went back to, well, what it’s been
doing since I got here. Back and forth, back and forth, like it don’t
ever run out of steam.

Tick, tick, tick.

Tick, tick, tick.

The sun’s about to come up, and I haven’t slept even a wink. I just keep
staring at that opening with the dribblets of scarlet around the corner.
My hand hurts real bad, I haven’t even put a band-aid on it. It just
keeps bleeding. The cut feels weird, tingly. Like something is flexing,
jerking, and tensing up within the muscles of my thumb. Like of like a
nervous twitch but worse. I don’t even wanna look down, because the last
time I did, it looked like something white was starting to protrude from
the prolapsed flesh. My brain keeps toying with the word, “tooth.” I
just told myself that it bit me deep enough to see bone. It fucking
hurts.

Tick, tick, tick.

Tick, tick, tick.

I wish it had just been a rat.
