Hey, I’ve never posted here before - but I’ve lurked under a few
different usernames and occasionally even without just to read people’s
tales and recountings of the horrors they’ve witnessed and been pulled
into. At the moment, I’m lying on the couch while my partner plays
Dragon Ball: Sparking! Zero. No, I wasn’t a fan before meeting them and
this point isn’t really important - I was just thinking I’d give
context.

The reason this context is important is that we’re downstairs right now.
That’s where the living room and TV are. It’s a medium sized apartment -
two stories with three bedrooms, one and a half baths, a laundry room
that’s more like a hallway than a room, a living room with an open
entrance, and a kitchen/dining room. The kitchen also opens up into a
small backyard. I should also mention that all of the bedrooms and the
full bath are upstairs, while the laundry “room” and half bath are
downstairs with the kitchen/dining room and living room.

The layout of the house is fairly simple too. You walk through the front
door and to the left is your staircase - it curves a little at the top
so the bathroom door is maybe a foot off of where you stand from the
bottom of the stairs. It takes a right towards the first room, then
another right. The second bedroom is on the left and the last bedroom is
directly at the end of the hallway. That’s where my partner and I sleep.
Or where they still sleep and I used to sleep.

Now, moving onto the actual important part - and thanks for bearing with
me through the house description, I know it was probably a bit rough.
Lately I’ve been feeling… unusually sick. But not like a regular
sickness. Normally when I’m sick my nose is stuffy, I can’t breathe, I’m
constantly sneezing - that kind of thing, regular sickness stuff. But
this has been different. I’ve had pounding headaches, like my brain is
condensing in on itself or trying to expand against my skull. Imagine a
sharp sound, like a high pitched note - but it’s short. A quick “ding”
and then it’s gone. But then repeat that sound over and over and don’t
stop. Like my brain is throbbing. I’ve tried water, caffeine, my normal
cocktail of pain medication - nothing seems strong enough to make it
stop. Then there’s the “electric shocks”. They’re… hard to explain. But
imagine a sharp tingling sensation running through your arteries and
veins, from your center to your extremities every time you move. It’s…
kind of like that. I should also note, I’m an EXTREMELY heavy sleeper.
I’ve had family members take watches off of my wrist while sleeping and
not been woken up by it. Not that they were trying to steal it, it just
needed to be charged and I - always forgetful - just wouldn’t. So to my
surprise for the last three or four nights, I haven’t been able to
sleep. Almost entirely. And when I do, it’s extremely fitful, waking up
in odd positions at odd hours with numb arms or numb legs or a pounding
headache only to muffle a groan with my pillow and force my eyes shut
again.

I usually end up moving downstairs when this happens enough times
though, when I’m forced awake too much or left awake too long. The
darkness of my partner’s room without them awake is… unnerving. Like
there’s something wrong with it. They’ve told me about some spirits that
live here, they’ve assured me that the one they’re certain is here
wouldn’t do that - and I believe them. That it’s not her. But there’s
one spirit my partner continues to vehemently deny existing saying
they’re “probably just a hallucination I had” (I, in this context, being
my partner) and that “I was sleep deprived, they’re not real”. But if
they’re not real, why mention them in the first place as if they are?
They originally mentioned them as the “spirit that they see sometimes on
the staircase”. They’re entirely black except for a featureless, white
face. They said that they believe the spirit doesn’t want to hurt them,
and is just watching over them.

Now, for another piece of context - my headaches always seem to get
worse when I go upstairs, when I lay down to go to sleep. That full body
electric shock thing, that gets worse too. So I spend most of my time
downstairs. I usually can only really sleep downstairs anymore. I’m
worried this thing, this spirit, is trying to force me out of the
apartment - out of my partners life - and I don’t know what to do.

As I’m writing this, I’m beginning to get a headache. I’m wondering if
it’s from my phone screen - it could be. Or maybe, I’m right. And the
spirit doesn’t want me telling anyone that something’s going on, someone
who might believe me. Does anyone have any advice on what to do or who
this spirit might be? Any help is appreciated.
