There’s something wrong with Kenny [part 1]

People ask me a lot of questions about my time in prison and I guess
that’s why I’m here. I need to tell someone what happened. I need to
tell all of those people asking so I never have to say it again, so I
can forget about the riot and forget about Kenny— No, about whatever
Kenny was.

I’ll start simple, explain just how I was involved in the riot by
telling you why I was in prison to begin with.

I got someone killed.

If you do want gory details— I did time in the army when I was eighteen
and got tossed out after a few years of what— at the time— was pretty
normal. Mess with things they later find out cause cancer. 

Give young grunts with underdeveloped brains rifles and put them in an
environment where abuse runs rampant without consequence.

 You got put through hell and then you put others through hell. That’s
how it worked back then.

I left with asthma from those chemicals I’m sure will give me that
cancer one of these days, guilt and a pretty nasty brain injury. I
wouldn’t say it turned me into a drooling idiot but I had trouble doing
some basic things and the military prefers when you can hold a gun in
your hand without doing it backwards.

So I was in my early twenties without any prospects and I was mad. I’d
always had a bit of a quick fuse but all of that frustration piled up
high and I decided I wanted to do those jobs where I can hit things to
soothe my wounded pride. 

You know, to feel big and tough after a boot to the head left me a
wheezing moron who forgets how to use a spoon.

So, a friend of mine hooked me up with a job as a debt collector, loan
shark, lowlife scumbag— whatever you want to call it, it’s still beating
the shit out of folks for money. 

My partner was a mean one, if I had a quick fuse then that guy had no
fuse at all. 

He preferred action over threat. 

I expected that he’d do the usual and break a few fingers, something I’d
hate. It’s difficult for the sorry bastard to pay if they can’t use
their hands— assuming it’s required for whatever gruelling jobs they’re
doing to scrape together the cruel interest rates.

 I’d been kicked in the head but I didn’t know a punch could have a
gambler with a gut bigger than his debt dropping like an anvil and
cracking his skull on the floor.
 
I ran my damn ass off but I just couldn’t stop myself, I ran straight
into a phone booth and called an ambulance for the guy. Guess it was
nearly his lucky day and my unluckiest because he was dead and I was
taking an arrest. I did what I do best, followed orders and nodded like
I understand. 

My initial prison sentence was harsh but extensions for volatile
behaviour is what doubled it. My choice in friends and jobs didn’t
improve much after that, extortion, racketeering, various assault
charges and robbery is what ends with spending half of my life behind
bars. Honestly, I’d spent more of my life incarcerated.

Secondly, assuming the mention of second degree murder isn’t enough to
scare someone off— they ask what prison was like. They expect some sort
of movie answer, something brutal with prison gangs and abusive prison
guards— and yes, those are true, but it’s when they factor in my age
most picture something more along the lines of jailhouse rock and assume
everyone was planning a big prison break. 

The thing is, you just kept your head down and didn’t cause much trouble
with the guards. You’d just fall into the routine, play cards and do
your time. For me at least, the army made routines comfortable and
taking a rare beating when you earned it wasn’t too big a price.

When the monotony of prison life disappoints they start asking
specifics.

“ What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever seen?”

“ Was there ever a jailbreak?”

“ Did you join a prison gang?”

“ Did that riot really… You know, did all of that stuff really happen?”

I can’t say it’s the craziest thing to ever happen, a lot of things
happened but the worst wasn’t any particular incident, it’s something
that happened over the course of one year and ended with the riot. The
thing is, no one ever asks why it happened. So I tell them.

What happened was Kenny.

Everyone always asks about Kenny.

-

I was in my late forties when Kenny happened and I still had a good nine
years left to go. I think the miserable look of pity is what kept that
from becoming a life sentence after the riot. 

Gangs and all that were a younger man’s game but I had yet to join the
ranks of the elderly within the prisons I’d been passed around to. None
of my later stays were cramped and cutthroat big city joints. We’d call
mine a countryside stay— of course this  meant it was a miserable
fortress of cold concrete, strict rules and armed guards already grouchy
from patrolling in the snow.

 All kept isolated by endless forests and mountains so dangerous it’d
take a real madman to even think of escaping.

I’d already been in what I will refer to as Y prison, for eleven years
and for lack of a better word, it was home. 

My cell block wasn’t considered noisy but it was large, heavily secured
with just a little more slack due to the better behaviour— less younger
prisoners around, all lifers who aren’t too interested in causing
trouble when this was as good as it gets for the general population
inside of a maximum security prison. 

Granted, no one was in there for light offenses but you weren’t going to
see fights break out daily and the guards would rather turn their backs
to most things unless you forced their hand— That’ll end with someone in
the hospital ward and another in solitary for god knows how long.

I felt the need to explain a few things about my cell block so you’ll
understand how Kenny’s arrival flipped the place on its head and took
away any small semblance of peace prison life really had to offer.

I lived in a two person cell with an old timer serving a life sentence—
he was the quiet type with no real habits I’d consider overly annoying,
he had the bladder of a toddler and pinch small things and hide them
under the poor excuse for a mattress, had a habit of losing his socks
but he was fine until he started sundowning. 

I didn’t know exactly what dementia was but his unusual behaviour at
night got him moved to wherever they whisk the elderly prisoners away
to.

A night in the solitude of a small cell full of complete and total
emptiness and the unsettling feeling of being entirely alone without the
ambient sounds of snoring or thumping heartbeats reminding me that
anyone was there, it felt unnatural to face the nothingness normally
filled by another person and after so many years of having any sort of
life beside my own I realised there wasn’t even the squeak of a rat or
scuttle of a bug. It was just silence. 

The next day Kenny moved in and Kenny was nothing like the old timer.

Kenny was barely eighteen, skinny as a twig and thick as concrete. His
face was splattered with freckles, a chipped tooth, a wide grin and a
buzz cut like a wide eyed young recruit waiting to get his head kicked
in by his commanding officer. One of the CO’s I’d known for a good five
years— a guy we all called Elvis— He said they were tossing the kid in
with me to keep him out of trouble and because that quick fuse of mine
had fizzled out since I got older. 

I figured they were worried about the kid getting himself killed but I
realised very quickly that I got picked because they thought I could
tolerate the kid— not protect him— just tolerate him.

Kenny could talk.

A lot.

I spent the first day playing cards with a few of the oldies and while
some of the younger ones preferred to start their day tormenting and
scaring the shit out of the newcomer through the small barred window. 

Kenny had been stuck in the cell all day getting acclimated so I was
treated to a puddle of piss dripping down onto the kid’s meal tray. It
rattled and sloshed over the edges when Elvis kicked it, unlocking the
door and sending me inside— of course he left me to clean the mess up
and dump the soggy untouched meal in the toilet.

Kenny didn’t seem worried, he was up on his new bunk snooping through my
books.

“ Next time clean up your own mess, kid. No one is gonna do it for you.”
I warned, walking over to snatch up my books and toss them on the
concrete slab that serves as a counter, desk and everything else in the
cramped cell. 

“ The top shelf is yours. The plastic tub on the left is yours. Top bunk
is yours. Don’t touch what’s in the others.” I thought being firm would
be a good way to both tell him I wasn’t a pushover without threatening a
new cellmate who might fly off the handle over the smallest thing,
though Kenny looked like he’d be snapped in half if he tried— I decided
using one of those lighter versions of stick and carrot was the best
option.

“ How long’ve you been here, Mister?” Kenny said, perking up like he
hadn’t heard a damn thing. “ I was lookin’ frough ya stuff and I figured
you gotta be old. You got a bible and all those old type’a books. You
aren’t as old as I fought. Fifties?”

“ Forties.” I use the stick and then with a frown back on the thick
metal door I decide I should do as Elvis asked and throw the kid a
carrot. “ There’s a chocolate bar down in my tub. Eat it and sleep. If
you gotta clean up, use one of the rags by the basin. They won’t be
giving you any form of shower today.”.

“ Chocolate? Thanks,” he hops down rummages through the blue plastic tub
to find the snack, “ Your stuff is all so neat ‘n tidy. You must’ve been
in the military, yeah? You look like you been in the military. Like
Vietnam or somefin’ like that. You don’t got that shell shock stuff
right? I hear lots of vets have these crazy nightmares and scream in
their sleep or attack folks,” he climbs back up on his bunk like a
monkey and sits with his eyes fixated on the chocolate bar he has yet to
open. 

“ I never been given gifts before. If you freak out at night I’ll slap
ya so you wake up and don’t mistake me for Vietcong.” For the first time
since I’ve been in the cell he finally makes eye contact and I can’t
explain why but a chill crawls up my spine like cold metal had been
dragged up my back. “ Lots of bad types in this place, Mister. Makin’
sounds all night can really get to some folks”.

I can’t say Kenny’s words were a threat exactly, in a strange way it
could be seen as considerate if you squint, it’s just the phrasing that
leaves an unsettling feeling in my gut. “ I wasn’t in Vietnam but…
Thanks, kid.” I try to give a somewhat friendly smile but my lip
twitches in discomfort. 

“ You don’t have to worry about waking me up.” Honestly, he isn’t wrong
about that shock, after my time in the military I wasn’t a stranger to
nightmares but those nights were long over. I hadn’t even thought about
that time until Kenny mentioned it.

 “ I’m Jones, Wilson Jones. You don’t need to call me boss or sir or
anything else.”

“ Kenny. Not Kenneth or nothin’, just Kenny. You seem like ya been here
forever. I figured they just put me in this box ‘cuz you’re not gonna
try nothin’ while I’m sleepin’ which is pretty good. No one’s gonna try
anyfin’ shady in the showers, yeah? I bit a guard’s ear off once. Maybe
that’s why they put me in here. He wasn’t tryin’ nothin’ weird but I
didn’t like him. Sometimes people just rub you the wrong way, yeah?”

That feeling slices up my spine again like a knife is trying to take off
the skin and I don’t know how to respond to both his question and the
statement he so freely offered. Kenny’s unblinking gaze doesn’t leave my
eyes even when the usual booming sound of “ Lights out!” And the lights
abruptly turning off makes me jump. I can still see the unflinching orbs
glint in the corner of my eye and stick like glue even with my back
turned. 

The eyes finally retreats with the kid lying down on his bunk. I stay up
reading but each time I try to read a sentence with what little light
the commissary has given me my eyes keep drawing up to the concrete slab
above me. Worn old photos and bible verses that always look down on me
when I rest my head on my pillow at night, except tonight it’s not on
Romans 10:9 or Colossians 1:13 but the concrete itself where my
unfamiliar cellmate sleeps.

I can’t say I was particularly religious before coming to prison, I
remember having my hands hit by penguins with rulers when I’d act out in
my school days, the church nestled behind it like a shed and the uneven
crucified Jesus that always hung just a little too far to the left but
all of those things in my youth had turned any thoughts of a higher
power into bitter hatred when I thought I’d grown up. 

I hadn’t grown wise. 

I guess you could say I still believed but who wants to pray to what had
a hand in making your life shit? I was fucking pissed. 

Nowadays it isn’t because I’ve been trying to weasel my way into God’s
good graces or I expect a good outcome like I’m owed something. Heaven
can fuck off for all I care. Still, I know what I did was bad and I know
I feel ashamed, now that I’m old enough to give up on all that anger I
have the sense to own up to being a scumbag and accept the bad shit I’ve
done without it being just to get somewhere I don’t belong. 

When I’m dead I expect to just be dead.

I think you can see it in some people’s eyes, that want for forgiveness
or shame for their actions or that unsettling glint saying they’ll never
change. I couldn’t see anything bright or naive in Kenny’s eyes. Kenny’s
eyes were empty. As dead as old steel buffed until it’s shiny pretending
it isn’t just cold old metal wrapped around these deep black wells of
nothing.

One night and this kid was already giving me a migraine so bad I
couldn’t sleep even if I’d planned on it. You don’t sleep on that first
night with a new cellmate. 

If you’re smart at least. 

My migraine had my eyes swimming with black flecks spotting my vision
and melting away the words on those verses until they were empty, my
head pounding like a jackhammer behind my eyes and when I squeezed them
shut to correct the moving words I had given in to sleep before I knew
it.

I dreamt of those eyes crawling out from the darkness on stretched limbs
snaking under paper grey skin I can’t see so much as sense. It stalked
like a silent predator made of long steel and bone that could bend and
bow and move like an impossible liquid dripping onto my bunk. 

Its emaciated frame craned forward on a worming spine that scraped along
the concrete ceiling above me. Perched over my face in the quiet and
watching through milky orbs barely held in its deep sockets, studying my
paralysed face with no breath to alert me to the danger hanging over me—
I just knew it was there. 

My eyelids refused to open but the cold radiating off of the unseen
voyeur made every hair on my body prickle with the sense of what my mind
knew was lurking in the dark. The smell of pine and rot assaulted my
senses as cold strings of saliva dribbled down in icy globs of acid
stinging my cheek. 

I didn’t need to open my eyes with the thousand rows of sharp teeth so
close I could feel the sharp pins grazing my skin from the hungry maw of
a beast deciding whether or not it wants to swallow down a fresh meal or
wait until the meat is sweetened with fear.

“ Saaa…Rgh…”

“ Sar…gh..”

“ Sarge.”

“ Why’d you do that, Sarge?”

That was my first night with Kenny and the first night I noticed it.

Something was wrong with Kenny.
