Part 1

I want to start out this entry by saying thank you to everyone that has
read part one. 

I really didn’t think anyone would believe what I had to say, let alone
reach out with such great advice on how to move forward with what has
quickly become my latest obsession. 

If you have not read my initial journey entry of this abandoned island
please stop now and read it through. The link to it is above. 

With that being said I have quite a bit to update you all on.

The first few days following my jaunt through the woods of mystery
island came with serious reservations from my Mom who was adamant that
going back was a bad idea. I wish I could say she was wrong about that,
but there was some amount of justification to her concern after all.

My Dad held a different stance entirely. I don’t know if he actually
believed everything I had told them about the island, but he seemed
genuinely interested in taking a look at it himself.

It took a lot of time and convincing, but finally my Mom relented and
told us that if we wanted to go back and hike it together she would hold
her tongue on the matter. So, a few days after my first trip we set sail
once again. This time, by her request, we left Mom home.

With no other plans or time constraints, Dad and I agreed we could spend
more time exploring the island during this trip.

Which meant we could potentially venture a little farther in than I had
initially gone, but seeing that the trails were old and mostly overgrown
we needed a way to ensure we could always get back to the boat. 

As we were packing up and discussing this a thought crossed my Dad’s
mind and he went straight to the garage without another word. A minute
later he returned with a can of yellow spray paint. He tossed it to me
and instructed me to pack it in my bag.

“What’s this for?” I asked.

“We’ll use it to mark some trees. Like a breadcrumb trail” he replied.
The old man was smart. I could not deny that. I slipped the can into my
bag then we made our way back towards the boat. With a wave goodbye to
Mom we set sail to Mystery Island.

We arrived at the old rickety pier a little after 1pm. The weather
channel had originally reported that it was going to be a hot sunny day.
Perfect for a day on the lake, but the sky above paid no credence to
what the weatherman had promised. It was overcast and gloomy over the
entirety of the lake. It even looked as if there was a chance of rain.

Regardless of this, we tethered our pontoon to the pier and helped each
other off the boat. We took inventory of our supplies then finally made
our way towards the stone steps and began our ascension.

We made our way slowly up the stairs; pushing limbs and leaves out of
our eyes when we finally arrived at the stone patio I had last stood
only days before. My Dad trailed slowly behind me trying to catch his
breath. I had to remind myself that he was almost twice my age now, but
once he finally made it onto the stone flooring he stood up and looked
around. 

His eyes were almost immediately drawn to the altar like a magnet. 

“Holy shit” he whispered, fighting back a wheeze. “It’s actually real”.

“I showed you the pictures. Did you not believe me?” I added.

“No, no it’s not that I didn’t believe you. It’s just… I thought you
were pranking me or something.” he chuckled a little, but there was a
nervous tension to his voice that left me a little unsettled.

He looked over the altar and, much like I had, ran his fingers over the
bed. Then he turned and looked towards the stone benches facing the
altar.

“There’s gotta be at least 30 benches here” He sighed in disbelief.

“Do you think this was added after the land was sold back to the town?”
I asked.

“Mmm. Doubtful” My Dad took a handkerchief from his pocket and dabbed
away the beads of sweat running down his face. 

“Where would it have come from then?”

“Don’t know. Traditionally the Boy Scouts are a secular organization,
but I have heard that some chapters take their own liberties to the
teachings. Add to that the fact that this chapter was active in the 50s
and 60s and who knows what they were teaching out here”.

After a few more moments of discussion we decided to head up the
amphitheater and began traveling down the path I had ventured prior.
Before we got too far my Dad mentioned that we should begin marking some
trees every 30 yards in order to find our way back. I unshouldered my
bag and dropped it to the ground as I retrieved the can of spray paint.

Just as instructed, every 30 to 50 yards I would pick a tree. On one
side I would spray a circle, and on the other an X. The idea was that
following the circles would guide us away from the pier and the X’s
would guide us back to it. 

It didn’t take us long to make our way to the run down house whose brick
chimney still stood in remnants like a monolith in the woods. And it was
just about that point that my Dad noticed the same thing I had before.

“Real quiet out here” He said, breaking the silence.

Little by little we made our way through the path. The crumbled building
we had once seen faded away with the tree line as I continued marking
our path as we moved forward. I wasn’t exactly sure how much paint was
in the can. It felt half empty when I shook it, but we figured we would
just keep moving until we ran out of paint then we would head back for
the day.

I had just finished marking an X on the backside of a tree when
something caught my eye. I stood breathless for a moment as my heart
skipped a beat for a reason I could not comprehend, but then I broke the
silence.

“Dad?”

“What’s up?” He asked as he came marching up behind me.

“Are those… forts?” I asked, trying to sound as calm as I could. 

“What?”

Standing there, maybe twenty-five feet away, were two small manmade
structures. I am attaching photos of them so that you do not misconstrue
what I am trying to get across to you. 

These were not cabins, nor were they really buildings at all. They were
a collection of sticks and branches carefully thrown together like a
makeshift shelter. Like the kind of thing you would see on shows like
Man vs Wild.

“I thought you said there’s no camping on the island.” I whispered.

“You’re not supposed to.” He replied. 

“Do you think we should start heading back?” I added. He thought it over
for a few minutes then I saw a part of him relax. He checked his phone
for the time then looked back at me.

“That shelter looks like it’s been there a while. I think whoever made
it is probably long gone by now.” He followed that by making a joke to
ease the tension he felt coming from me then followed it by saying “I
say we venture a little farther forward. Get a bit more lay of the land
then stop for lunch and head back. That is, unless you want to head back
now.”

Seeing his nerves calm had made me feel a little better and besides he
was probably right. Looking at the little make shift forts I could
imagine to myself that they were far older than I initially thought.

“I’m good to keep going” I said. With a nod my Dad decided to lead us
forward.

Eventually we found ourselves traveling up a hill upon a narrow path and
by the time we could see over the hill once again we were so high up
that I could not make out the bottom of what I could now describe as a
miniature canyon. 

I stood near the edge looking down into the abyss for a reason I could
not express. 

I have always hated heights. 

I hate the way that feeling of being high twists your stomach into
knots. 

How it forces waves of imbalance and nausea into you from your head
straight down into your toes which curl and feel the rush of blood that
rebounds straight back to the ringing in your ears.

I peered out over the ledge looking into the distance when I thought I
heard a sound. Like a rustling of trees just over the canyon. The first
sight of something here that wasn’t us. 

Shocked by this; I leaned forward just enough to peer a little further
into that void. 

Then I lost my footing and the edge of the path that was housing my feet
gave way and I felt myself begin to fall. 

It started with a scream.  A feeling of helplessness washing over me. I
felt impossibly heavy as gravity betrayed me. The world around me spun
forward and twisted my perceptions of reality as heaviness turned to
weightlessness all in but a fraction of a second. And in that moment,
over 100 feet above the ground below, I truly believed I was going to
die.

By the time I felt my Dad’s grip on the collar of my shirt I was nearly
over the ledge entirely. My worst nightmare was coming to life. I was
going to fall to my death over a stupid little hike in the woods my Mom
had warned me about, and worst of all, my Dad would be plummeting with
me for simply trying to save my life.

But somehow he had caught himself with his arm wrapped around the trunk
of a nearby tree and anchored himself into place. The abrupt stop of my
fall had shifted me entirely and I felt the can of spray paint fall from
my fingers down into the wooded abyss below. I remember hearing it
strike branches on the way down before its sound disappeared entirely.

The old man pulled slow and steady as an ox until I was back on solid
ground holding my chest and breathing hard for dear life. 

Unable to catch my breath I threw open my bag and dug through it like a
desperate racoon trifling through the garbage until I found my inhaler.
I shook it violently then depressed the trigger filling my lungs with
medicine. After a few moments I could finally feel my airway opening
once again.

“Fuck” I nearly cried. “I… I don’t know what happened.” I trembled.

My Dad knelt beside me and wrapped his arm around me tight.

“You good? You okay?” He asked. I nodded back as I puffed my inhaler
once again and forced back a coughing fit. “Good. Maybe we should start
heading back now. I think I have had all the excitement I can stand for
one day”. I nodded as he helped me back up to my feet. 

I looked up the trail ahead and realized we were only feet away from the
peak of the mountainous hill we had been climbing.

“H-hows a-a-about w-we head a little bit farther? S-stop for l-lunch?” I
wheezed. He thought it over for a moment then with a reluctant sigh he
said “Sure”.

We made our way to the top of the hill then rested on the forest floor
as we unpacked a bag of sandwiches that Mom had made for us. In total we
probably rested for 20 - 30 minutes.

We spent most of that time in silence with only the occasional small
talk when finally my dad spoke up a concern. 

“Do NOT tell your Mom what just happened.” I already knew better than to
ever speak about that with her. So, I nodded in agreement.

The cloudy skies above gave way to some new found sunlight which
illuminated the distances of the forest and as we were cleaning up we
checked the time. Somehow nearly 4 hours had passed since we docked. 

Finally, Dad put his foot down and stated it was time to head back. So,
we packed our stuff and followed the yellow X’s back to the pier. 

Along the way back we made our way back down the hill that had nearly
taken our lives, and curved past the makeshift teepees that I had now
convinced myself was an older campers survival project in the 50s. 

Could such structures survive the test of that much time? Truthfully I
didn’t believe so. But standing there passing them by once again; it was
the truth I wanted to believe. I think it was the truth Dad wanted to
believe too. 

Finally, we were back on track and making good time. At this rate we
would be back to the boat in a little under an hour.

My Dad and I made some small talk just to fill the void. We weren’t even
talking about the forest anymore. He asked me about school and work.
Asked if I was seeing anyone then mentioned that my cousin Lee had been
accepted into Michigan State University for Bio Engineering. 

Then I saw something in the distance along the path we were heading back
on. I wasn’t exactly sure how we had missed it when we first came this
way. Maybe it had been due to the overcast weather shrouding the
distances, but there it was. 

In the distance maybe 40 yards out from the path was an old park
pavilion. And inside it seemed to be 4 picnic benches chained to each
leg of the pavilion. 

Curious, I pointed it out to my Dad and told him I wanted to take a
closer look. At first he protested and stated we should come back
another time to check it out. But after a brief discussion he once again
relented and we made our way towards it.

It stood there in a small clearing. The concrete foundation beneath it
had been cracked due to years of weather and wear, and yet it still
stood strong.

Beside it, about 15 feet away, was a small fire pit surrounded by logs
of a tree. Each was about 2 or 3 feet in diameter and were settled
around the fire pit for what was clearly organic seating. The fire pit
was rusted and worn. Chips of rust flaked at the corners and painted a
clear picture that it had not been used in decades.

We looked around the pavilion for a little while longer. We found an old
scrap grill that was basically falling apart at the screws. As well as
an old scythe resting against one of the pillars of the pavilion. 

I know that may sound scary, but it wasn’t exactly how you imagine it.
Less like a tool for the grim reaper and more like a golf club with
serrated edges. Nevertheless, I left it where I found it.

I took a few more photos around the area then sat at one of the picnic
benches scrolling through them as Dad went to take a piss. 

By this time I had completely moved on from the fall that had almost
taken my life about 2 hours back. 

The woods had regained their allure to me and flipping through those
photos rejuvenated my adventurous heart.

That was when I saw something in one of the photos that sent chills down
my spine and froze me down to the bench I was sitting on. 

Slowly I stood up and moved back towards the center of the pavilion and
looked out past it. I was now facing a new direction we had yet to
travel down. 

Standing there, holding my phone in hand, I saw exactly what had been
printed across my screen just as Dad approached me from behind. He was
mentioning something about getting back home for dinner when, without a
word, he saw exactly what I was staring at.

On one tree about 30 yards from where we were standing was a marking. 

It was neither an X nor an O. It was a bright yellow arrow pointing us
forward. The exact same shade of yellow we had been spraying all over
the forest that same day.

In our entire adventure through the woods we had yet to see a single
marked tree that was not marked by us, and yet here stood a seemingly
fresh marking which whispered to us “Come and see”.

“Did you mark that for next time?” My Dad asked.

“N-no. I lost the can back when I nearly fell down the hill” I
whispered. The skies above began to darken over the forest and we felt
cold drops of rain cascade down around us.

“We should go” My Dad whispered as he gripped my shoulder. It took a
minute, but I was finally able to pry my feet from the floor then I
moved towards the direction my Dad was pulling me.

By the time we made it back to the path the rain had begun falling like
bullets all around us. It was then that we started sprinting down the
path trying to get back to the boat as lightning cracked above us. 

Long after the pavilion was out of our line of sight I could still hear
the sound of falling rain against its battered roof like golf balls
colliding into it.

Once or twice we slipped in the mud that caked its way around our boots
and heels as we hoisted ourselves back up and made our way back towards
the boat. Flying by a bright crying X nearly every 30 yards.

Finally, we came down the last curve of the path we had taken and found
ourselves back at the amphitheater. Carefully, we stepped down the stone
steps passing row after row of stone benches that were now painted
nearly black by the rain.

Gallons of water were now falling from the roof of the altar and
splashing into the newlt formed puddles below which drained back behind
the altar and down towards the lake below.

After a few more moments we were walking down the last of the stone
stairs towards the pier. Then we raced down the pier and threw ourselves
back into the pontoon. 

Dad started the engine as I raised the bimini top of the boat and within
moments we were moving. Partially covered and protected from the rain as
we pulled out from the dock. 

My Dad had been in such a hurry that I don’t think he fully registered
something that I still could not rectify in my mind. Once again,
standing there in the boat, I could no longer see the altar of the pews
that sat before it. From here it was as if they did not exist at all. 

But just before we rounded the final curve of the island, lightning
cracked overhead.

For a fraction of a second the entire shoreline lit up.

And standing at the edge of the trees, where the stone steps met the
forest, was another little yellow arrow.

Pointing inland.

Then the darkness returned.

The waves on the lake nearly flipped our boat twice on the way back, but
we did eventually make it back home.

Mom was worried sick about us. She said she had been trying to text and
call us all day, but could not get a hold of us. We chalked this up to
bad reception, but I swear that every time I had checked my phone for
the time I had always had 3 bars or more.

I decided against going home tonight. I’m sitting here in my room
reliving the day my Dad and I had and replaying it across my keyboard
for you all.

I don’t know where he stands on all of this anymore. I don’t even know
if I want to go back. At least not without some more information on the
island. 

Too many things are not making sense and I cannot tell if my feelings
are justified or if it’s truly just my mind playing tricks on me. 

Nevertheless, I think I will cut it here for now. Give myself some time
to rest and recover and we’ll figure out where we stand tomorrow.

Thank you all for your advice and encouragement so far. You guys really
are helping keep me motivated to learn more about this island. 

I’ll update this subreddit as I discover more. 

- Jay

Mystery Island: https://imgur.com/a/B06BT2E
