I’m a priest at a maximum security prison. I rarely write things down,
and more rarely do I post to the internet. There are things a priest
hears that are not meant to be shared. Things entrusted to us in
confidence, sometimes in confession, sometimes simply because there is
no one else willing to listen. I will make an exception this time, maybe
to get others’ thoughts, maybe for no other reason than for me to
reflect on the story later. Assuming there is a later.

There was one particular inmate I met with regularly. His name in prison
was Stacks. He told me many things that I didn’t write down. Stacks took
his own life yesterday. I have prayed for him twice since then. Now I’m
praying for myself.

Before he died, Stacks talked to me about a series of murders on the
tier. This was common knowledge, the prison always kept me informed of
these things. The strange thing was, Stacks told me that before the
three murders, someone on the tier was humming a nursery rhyme. The same
nursery rhyme each time.

I want to be clear. These murders aren’t normal prison hits. They are
gruesome and horrible murders from a clearly disturbed individual. I
won’t describe everything. I will say that one man had something forced
so far down his throat that he suffocated on it. Another had been killed
in a way that one of the guards who found him vomited and refused to
describe the scene to me.

About a week ago Stacks came to visit me. He was clearly shaken. He told
me how the last murder happened. That something was shoved down the
victims throat. I wondered how he knew those details. It wasn’t common
for the prison to inform the inmates of how these things happened. There
was really no good reason to give them those details. 

I knew what Stacks had done to get himself sent here. I knew what he’d
done before that, too. I liked talking to the man, which sometimes made
me uncomfortable when I remembered what he was capable of.

Now he was sitting across from me describing details of a murder he
shouldn’t have known.

A few days later another inmate was murdered. Stacks came to visit me
and again told me the details of the murder. I asked him directly how he
knew these details.

He smiled and asked if I thought he did it. I sat there looking at him.
He finally said he didn’t do it, but that he had heard the murderer.
When I asked if he heard the murderer kill his victim, he said not
exactly. But he had heard a song, so he knew that someone was going to
die, and he was pretty sure he knew who was getting murdered.

I asked if the song was some prison communication the inmates used to
describe the details of a prison hit. He simply shook his head and said
that the killer hummed it before he killed.

He asked if I remember ever hearing anyone on the tier hum. I thought
about it for a second and said not that I could remember. He told me
that was good, and that I should never hum when on the tier. When I
asked why, he just looked at me and said “don’t”.

I didn’t know if he meant don’t ask why, or don’t hum.

A couple of days ago I was talking to one of the guards on the tier, an
old timer named Rusk. I mentioned the no humming comment Stacks had
made. Rusk looked at me immediately with a serious look on his face. He
said that Stacks was right. I chuckled. Rusk didn’t. He just said, it’s
an old rule. When I asked him why, what would happen. He looked at me
and just said don’t, and then he walked away.

Then two nights ago I was working late in my office when I heard it.
Humming. Row row row your boat. Over and over again. I opened the door
to my office and looked down the tier. Nothing. I walked part way down
the tier. It was calm. Inmates slept. But for a few seconds more there
was a soft hum coming from somewhere in the dark of the cells. I stood
for a second listening before returning to my office.

The next morning Stacks visited me again, it would be his last visit. I
told him that I heard the humming and that if he knows who is involved
he should tell me. He simply said that if I heard the humming it meant
someone had judged themselves. I told him that all of these men have
already been judged by a jury, the state, and eventually by God. He said
not that kind of judgement, but the kind where a man knows what he has
done.

He then said he heard the song too. I asked him what he thought it
meant. He said that he thought he was next. I asked him next for what.
He took a moment, then looked me in the face and said, and I will never
forget, “you saw what happened to those men.”

Yesterday morning, Stacks failed to report for his library assignment.
Another inmate found him between two rows of books. He had cut both
wrists. He was still alive when they found him. He died before they
could get him to medical.

There was blood everywhere. I wish I had not seen the library afterward.

On the wall beside him, he had written two words in his own blood.

I’M SORRY.

I have spent most of today trying to understand that. Perhaps there is
nothing to understand. A sick man took his own life. A man who spent
decades trying to escape himself finally became exhausted by the effort.
That is the rational explanation. It may even be the correct one.

It’s well after midnight now. For the last ten minutes I have heard
humming outside of my office. I called officer Rusk and told him. He
said to lock my door. When I asked why, he said because that’s what he
would do.

The humming seems to be getting louder. Row row row your boat over and
over again in a slow methodical melody. It’s almost pounding in my ears.

I keep thinking about my last conversation with Stacks, something he
said. He said the humming isn’t the thing to be afraid of. He said the
thing to be afraid of is when it stops.

The humming just stopped. Please pray for me.
