Once upon a time, I was in love. This, however, is not a love story.
This is a confession.

All my life, I have felt alone. I wasn’t alone though, I was never
alone. I had family, friends, countless people who loved me dearly. But
there was always that gap. That empty space. There was me, and there was
everyone else, and there was nothing in between. Until Alice.

We met in the spring of our second year of university, and soon found
ourselves indivisible from one another. To say we were in love would not
be a just description. Got to a place where two rivers flow into one and
try to pluck out one’s water from the other; you will have an easier
time of that than finding where I ended and Alice began. We were
indelibly stained with one another, and had become the same hue.

I first noticed the shift two years in, on a trip we took to the city
one weekend in December. It didn’t start there, of course. How could it?
The tide rises for hours before you notice the cold lapping at your
feet. The space between us in the hotel bed was chasmic. I endured long,
silent bus rides with her body rigid against mine. Weak smiles where
once was laughter.

We suffered through the winter. I felt the gap forming, the glass wall
through which light was muted and sound was like a voice underwater. I
knew it well, but never with Alice. Some primitive part of me thought
the spring would save us, that our love would bloom once more like
snowdrops poking through the frost. But March came and we only suffered
under warmer skies. Alice began to lose weight. Her hair became straight
and straw-like. Her once full, pink cheeks became shallow and grey like
bruised fruit. Her eyes had changed, I noticed. No longer did she look
at the world with a sparkling softness. Now her eyes pierced, burned
through, scanning the room unblinking until they watered.

One night, I think April, we were on opposite sides of the kitchen. I
called to her.

“Alice?”

No response. I turned around. She was leaning on the sink, gripping the
ceramic.

“Alice…” I called again, softer. She was staring at the space between
atoms. Suddenly, Alice unfazed, a foul crunching noise rippled through
the kitchen. A bead of cherry red ran from the corner of her lips.

A shattered tooth, the doctor told us. By the time she had the shards
removed and her raw gum sewn shut, the sun was rising on a new day.

On the ride home, she stared out through the passenger window, bathed in
the gold of the dawn.

“We should open up the relationship.” She told me.

“What do you mean?” I asked. I knew what it meant. The thought made me
sick, like the inertia of a falling elevator.

“I think it would be good for us,” she continued, “We haven’t had sex in
months.”

“You never want to. Is it me? It’s just me you don’t want to sleep
with?”

“No!” She cried, “I just…” her eyes went wide, her lips sucked in in
frustration. Whatever this was clearly seemed reasonable and obvious to
her, and I was the problem for not understanding it.

“I love you.” She continued. It sounded wooden, hollow. An ersatz love,
a consolation. “I just understand you have needs and-”

“I don’t need to fuck anyone else. I’m happy just being with you.”

“No, you…” she began, stifled by her own visible anger, “You’re not
listening.”

“It sounds like you want to fuck anyone but me. If you want to end this,
say it, just have some fucking balls and make a decision.” My knuckles
were alabaster white, close to snapping the steering wheel.

“No” she wailed. Her face burned a fluorescent pink, hot tears streaking
across her cheeks. “I love you. I love you I love you I love you. I
just… I just need… I don’t know…”

I pulled over. The road had become vague through my welling tears. We
were a couple streets from her apartment.

“Why don’t you go home, figure out what you want, and we can discuss
this later?”

She got out the car, sullen, wounded.

“I’ll call you.” She told me.

It had been almost a week when she did. She told me, through tears, that
she had been to a nearby city and fucked an art student there. She
wasn’t crying because of that, but because he never called her back. She
called me multiple times a day that week, but it would be minutes if not
seconds before the screaming or crying became too much for me and would
finally block her. Just like that, it was over. The rivers had
separated. We had become ghosts in each other’s stories.

Alice. Alice Alice Alice. For the longest time, she was everything to
me, so when she left, I wasn’t left with much. Those first few months, I
can only describe it as a phantom pain. Some integral part of had turned
septic, and had to be hacked off. I felt hollowed out, reaching
instinctively to something that simply wasn’t there anymore.

My friends were worried, of course. They knew I was hurting, and did
what they could to ease that pain. They crucified Alice with insults,
taking every opportunity to tell a joke to try and muster a smile out of
me. They did everything in their power to fill the pit forming inside
me, the aching one between my lungs. In truth, even then, I felt no hate
towards Alice, nor did I forgive her or romanticise her memory. Now,
only the pit was real. The nothing.

They decided to take me out. I had no choice in the matter. They were
going to get me drunk, high and maybe even laid. It would be like the
good old days, they insisted. I didn’t feel like going. It wasn’t the
break up that held me back though; I had developed some… sickness. A
dull ache, a migraine, a chill down my spine that never seemed to go
away. I assumed it was a mild cold at first, maybe a lack of nutrition
or something psychosomatic. My friends made it clear though that no
excuse would get me out of this.

I stared at myself in the mirror, fixated. I wore all black. Was I in
mourning? Not for Alice, but for the person I was with her. In the
mirror was a man I only half recognised, like an old friend after years
apart. I had become thinner, paler. The contours of my flesh seemed
shadowed, more defined. I continued staring into the mirror, into my
eyes. They watered from staying open.

We went to a club, Foundry. The only decent place in the city, we had
found. A broiling hot closed down mill, a sea of smoke, flesh and strobe
lights. The music was loud, ceaseless, a physical force to wade through
like water. We cut through the dancing crowd like a knife through
buckskin. My friend handed me a shot of something that smelled like
acetone and cheap candy. I knocked it back, then a few more, sank them
like they were keeping my blood pumping.

Behind me, a girl. Her mascara clumped thick over bloodshot eyes.
Streaks of blue in her blonde hair. Flakes of dry skin on the ridge of
her jaw. I felt something new then. Not attraction, not lust, but
something else. It wasn’t in my heart or my pants, it was like dull
nails in the back of neck, cold wind on my canine teeth. Could feel the
heat from the valley of her back.

She took me home, fell laughing onto her couch. My hands prised her
thighs open like halves of a nectarine. I don’t remember her name. She
tasted of sweat and chemical vanilla perfume.

I thought of Alice. Not that she was her, that I was with her. I was
just thinking of her, as though in this act I was… proving something.
Something I can’t quite describe. I felt nothing. No pleasure. No
disgust. All I felt was the pit. That void of inescapable black. For the
first time in months, it had ceased its howling.

I peered up over the crests of her body and saw it. In dark of the
corner of the ceiling. It was a spider. My mind insisted upon it. Only
it wasn’t a spider. It was me. It was me and it was the spider and I was
the spider and the spider was me. A creature, a man, velvet black
amongst the darkness, its crooked limbs scrambling across the wall,
across the ceiling. The white of its wide eyes, the edges of its fangs,
glittering in the darkness. I was looking at it. I was it. I was looking
at me.

The next morning, I felt incredible. The persistent sickness had drifted
away completely. I felt clear as virgin glass, soft as butter. Not even
a hangover vexed me. Alice’s ghost no longer clung on my shoulders. This
feeling lasted maybe two weeks. It did not fade all at once, but divided
itself into fractions of fractions of fractions. A cruel and swift half
life. The pit devoured it, sprawled through me like an oil spill, like a
cancer.

It became too much one night. Foundry wasn’t open that night, but I
texted my friends asking if they wanted to go out to the bars with me.
They all declined, for various reasons. I was furious. I felt as though
a  burning ember was being bellowed in my chest. The grip of my hand
almost cracked the phone screen. I paced my apartment, eyes wide, dry,
sharp. I ran my tongue over my teeth. They seemed to crackle with
electricity.

I went to bars alone. I talked to some girls, but it didn’t go anywhere.
My teeth felt like they were ringing like a bell, my hand trembled
without the weight of a drink in my hand. I felt the pit yawn. I felt
the spider on my neck.

A man was glancing at me from across the bar. Salt and pepper hair,
beard, tan. Somebody’s father. Here all alone dabbing his lips with
whiskey. He was handsome, objectively. I had never considered being with
another man before, especially not one twice my age. The shadows from
the pit creeped up my spine.

In the bathroom stall, his stubble scratched my neck. His name was Mike.
I saw a picture of a woman and a teenage girl smiling together in his
wallet when he paid for my drink. His hands were huge, in my hair, under
my ribs. He tasted like whiskey, obviously. Smelt like mid price cologne
and car seat leather. Past his ear, his tongue in my mouth and his
fingers on my zipper, I saw the spider, crawling over the stall divider.
Through its eyes, I saw myself. I was beautiful.

Months went by. The time between encounters dwindled each time. The pit
spread further, infecting every vein, every bone, every scrap of flesh
and sinew in my body. I would awake every night, in stranger’s bed, wide
eyed, grinding teeth, drenched in cold sweat. The spider would always be
there. In the dark. In the corner. Tearing at the walls. The flesh of
those I slept with tasted like ash now, felt cold to the touch. Only the
arteries felt warm.

Alice still lived at the same apartment. Still kept her spare key in the
same place.

In the night, she jolted awake. The streetlights cast a pale glow into
her bedroom. She stared into the corner, into the shadows. Into me.

“Luke?” She whispered. I said nothing. “Luke, is that you?”

Her crucifix rested between her breasts. This is my body that is given
to you. This is my blood.

“You’ve got it too… haven’t you?” She choked out in the dark. I walked
towards her. The sprawling limbs of the spider unfolded above her. I sat
beside her on the bed. This bed was once my home.

“I missed you.” I told her. Was I lying?

“There’s a cure… you can get better.”

I kissed her on the cheek. Familiar peach fuzz.

“You can get better, Luke. I got better.”

I kissed her on the mouth. I was expecting cherry, like the old days.
There was nothing. She kissed me back. Stiffly, almost necrotic. My lips
on her neck. Her hand on my thigh.

“I missed you too.” She whispered in my ear.

Her neck gave way like chicken flesh. Her nails pierced the flesh of my
leg. My fingers gripped her hair tight. Blood poured down my throat,
down my chin. It matted our clothes, stained her bedsheets.

I drank. I drank until I was sick then drank some more.

The spider held me up like a marionette as I kneeled on the sodden
carpet.

I love you. I love you I love you I love you.

The pit howled.

It will never be filled.
