Hey guys,
I’ve been searching all over the Internet for people that could help me
out and I got redirected to you guys. I hope you are able to help me out
as this situation is driving me mad and I do not know who to ask next.

For context: I 30 M work for an IT firm and I do so mostly from home so
I can help taking care of my son who just turned 2 years old. My wife
and I bought our house a year ago and decided to move to the
countryside, as it would be better for raising a family. We both spent
our childhood running through nature, playing hide and seek in the woods
and playing with friends in the fields and thinking back, we just did
not want to rob our son from this experience. After 10 or so years of
living in the buzzling city, returning was a needed recovery. The air is
different; the people are too. It took some time getting used to, people
greeting strangers, talking to you out of nowhere, nosy neighbours and
the expectation to fit in to your surroundings. Despite this, finding
friends wasn’t particularly easy. We were invading their territory. Only
after trying repeatedly did they open up to us. I still struggle with
maintaining regular social contact. Don’t get me wrong I love what I do,
and I appreciate working from home, but I do feel lonely from time to
time. To distract myself, I go on short walks with my son. Right next to
our house starts a path through the fields into the woods to a small
lake. My son loves it as much as I do and while I watch him play with
sticks and leaves, I listen to the sound of nature. Coming back from the
city, the sound of birds singing, the wind blowing and the insects
buzzing filled me with happiness and slowly I felt connected to nature
again.
We still go on walks, but something has changed. The birds stopped
singing, the animals act strange and everything is just too quiet. We
live in the middle of Europe and experience all seasons and yes, some
birds do migrate to warmer places in fall. Yes, I know animal activity
shifts, especially now with the days getting shorter and the weather
getting colder. I have spent almost 20 years of my life nearby the
forest, and I loved to study birds as a child. The best way to describe
is as if a storm is coming Animals tend to act weird before one. Some go
into hiding; others get active and stressed. But there is no storm
coming and their behaviours has worsened over the past months. I talked
about it with my wife several times and she brushed it off, telling me I
was overreacting.
My wife and I take turns bringing our son to daycare and as it is one of
the only times I interact with others, I took the opportunity and asked
around. I tried to be casual about it, but most people laughed about it
awkwardly, tried to shift the conversation or just flat out ignored me.
After the second time asking, I noticed some of them even talking about
me behind my back. I try to forget it and listen to them, but it is
difficult. For some reason I feel tense even after distracting myself
with my hobbies, my breathing quickens for no reason and sometimes even
the hair on my arms starts to stand up. I know my wife worries about me
and sees my struggle, and I do not blame her for not believing me. I
would not do so either.
Yesterday I fell down a rabbit hole and stumbled on something
interesting. Animals may react differently in the present of dangerous
predators not common to an area. I figured it would check out if a wolf
had returned to the forest, as only recently did they return after
almost being hunted to the point of extinction centuries ago. Maybe the
animals weren’t used to their presence and acted weird because of that.
It sounded plausible, but I knew it wasn’t true. Why would one wolf or
even a whole pack of them affect animals in the garden, make them hide
without reason? There are no recent reports of wolf sightings or traces
of them anywhere. I must have missed something, and I need to find out
what it is. I have a doctor’s appointment planned to calm down my wife,
but I know it won’t help me. There is something in the woods and I must
find it.

If anything happens I will update you guys and I would appreciate
advice!

 
