This is an update to my posthere

I was planning to make an update sooner.
But after what happened, I’ve had to take time in the hospital; I’ve
been out of commission.  More than that, I’m still not over everything
that happened. I’ve yet to get good sleep, but I know I have to post
this.

This is my experience at the Silk-Spinner Senior Care Facility.

If you’re reading this, Marty, you are responsible for the worst day of
my life, and you’re a terrible nurse aide.

Consider this your first and last one-star review.

After work the same day I was chased, I went back to the nursing home.
After that night I didn’t feel safe coming back there with nothing to
defend myself. So even though it was daytime, I brought my taser and
pepper spray.

I stood outside for about 15 minutes just trying to make my body go
inside. It wasn’t until Alice called for me to come in that my brain let
me enter.

Just from how she was treating me, I could tell something was different.
When we first met, she was polite but not overbearing, but today she was
putting on the public service face hard and glaring daggers when she
thought I wasn’t looking.

I typed out everything she said on my work laptop, saying that I had to
finish a report.

“I’m very sorry for whatever you saw last night, but our employee Martin
has been with us for about a year and has never had a single incident or
any bad conduct to compare to.”

She paused, looking at something on her monitor. “However, the room that
the police went to investigate this morning is the room you said you saw
him in, and it seems we haven’t had anyone live there in weeks.”

That was a complete lie. I argued back, “I remember both beds having
people in them; what are you talking about?”

She smiled politely. “There is not any resident currently occupying the
room. It seems the only thing you saw was maybe the man sleeping on the
job, perhaps?”  “Honestly, with how much he does as the head of the
nurse aides, it’s no wonder the man fell asleep on the clock.”

I was furious; sure, I was tired and still was at the time, but I
clearly remember what I saw that night.

What really pissed me off is what she said next.

“Perhaps you both need to get more sleep; a lack of sleep can really
make one hallucinate.”

I stood up and stormed out of the office, and I walked into the room
that I saw Marty in last night.

No names on the nameplate outside the door of room 217; both beds were
empty, and the blankets were folded like they were waiting for a new
arrival.

There were no personal belongings, and nothing even daring to try to
admit this was a fabricated stunt.

I was shocked, but not surprised; it made sense that if Marty WAS doing
something, of course Alice would cover it up; he’s her money maker.

I needed to prove to myself first that it was not just a hallucination
even though I knew it wasn’t. I looked around the room, Alice watching
over my shoulder at every move I made.

I couldn’t find a single thing out of line as the place was spotless.
That was the first thing that proved to me something did happen; there
was no dust. Why put so much effort into cleaning an unused room that’s
been clean for weeks, even so much as to let not a single speck of dust
rest, unless you’re covering up something?

And from what Alice has told me, Marty leaves the room spotless when he
cleans.

After another minute of searching, I had an idea. I grabbed the TV
remote and simply turned it on. The TV was on the same channel that the
western was playing last night.

I know for a fact there’s no way I could have hallucinated this exact
channel on the TV; the fact that I peeked in and even saw the TV on
proved someone must have been staying in the room.

After cutting the TV off, Alice chimed in, I could tell she was pleased
with their cleaning job. ” you satisfied?”

I bluntly stated “No” before moving to my mother’s room.

I need to talk about my personal life for a minute here, as I need to
preface that I’m not the best daughter to my mom.

I am an only child, so my parents’ business has fallen towards me ever
since my dad passed away a couple of years ago. My mom is a good mother,
but she’s always been a helicopter parent ever since my parents had a
miscarriage before I came along.

So I’ll admit I’d come into the habit of lying and making up things to
get around their strict parenting style. Admittedly, I snuck out quite a
lot when I was younger; Mom was very forceful about where I could go and
who I could go with.

When she found out I was applying and studying to become a police
officer behind her back when I turned eighteen, she and I had a falling
out. She expected me to run the shop and take care of her when she got
older, and she said that job was “time intensive and too dangerous.”

It was a dream of mine to have that job, so in a fit of rage, I ran off
like an idiot and continued to work on my officer applications and
training for the test away from home.

I got a job and an apartment; my mom and I haven’t talked much besides
phone calls until now. Once she broke her hip, we had another smaller
argument in the hospital when I came to see her. We argued about the
shop having to close and how she needed me to do it instead of her just
retiring and closing it, along with her getting mad at me for not
calling her.

It’s been so long since we’ve talked, and with how my mom is as a
person, I knew already she was going to be stubborn about leaving,
especially with the gap in our relationship.

I came into her room; there was a nurse helping her into her wheelchair.

I fully stopped. Last time I was here, there was only Marty, but now,
somehow overnight, they erased two people like they never existed and
hired more staff besides Marty.

The nurse was nice but clearly new and inexperienced. After she
struggled to even get the wheelchair open and locked for my mother, I
asked her how long she was working here; she said, “Oh, a year or so.”

I have no doubt her application reflects that fact; I also have no doubt
those two empty beds are also reflected in the paperwork. I’ve got no
idea how they were doing all this, but there must be some form of trace
left behind somewhere, some form of dirty laundry.

Once the nurse left, I asked Alice, who was still monitoring me, if I
could take my mom outside to have a private conversation. Her face
scrunched in displeasure at that idea, but she reluctantly agreed.

I wheeled my mother down the hallway, through the dining area, and out
the door after putting in the code, leading her outside to the gazebo.

I took my laptop and a notebook out, and from my notebook I took out the
letter with the rules of surviving this place I got from the woman.

I told my mom about the lady from the dining area, then what happened
with Marty, what I saw, every detail, every piece of proof I could
produce.

At first she didn’t believe me, like when I called her. “I don’t know
why you’re suddenly so against this place when you’re the one who picked
it, and you’re the one who didn’t want to move in to take care of me.”

But like one of the comments said to do, I told her that I’d be willing
to do so; I just needed to take some time off of work, and I still
needed to attend classes. I even reluctantly agreed to work at the shop.

So after a bit more pleading, she agreed, and she signed the paper.

So when it comes to my mom’s safety, they shouldn’t try anything, not
while I have signed and copied discharge papers, along with the fact I
can prove she was here and did exist; they can’t make her disappear like
the others.

So then it came to be a waiting game; the papers have been filed, the
police have investigated, and found nothing as expected from how
scrubbed everything is. The only thing legally that’s started to happen
is they got in legal trouble from having no security cameras.

I decided that I would stay here nights instead of going home. I wasn’t
going to leave my mom for a second, so I put everything important
document-wise in my car and locked it, then came back inside and got
comfy writing some on the post you are reading now.

The lady who gave me the note was still around. I waved at her. I’m
thinking of getting her number and talking to her once she leaves as
well.

As I was typing, a nurse came in to give her medication for the night. I
heard my mom quietly gasp, so when I glanced up and saw the tall man
boring his almost greyed-out eyes into mine, I felt everything drop.

He looked terrible; his scrubs were more wrinkled with some minor
stains, and his eye bags were much worse, almost like his face was
trying to fall to the floor, and his posture was even worse.

My mom wasn’t as friendly to him after our conversation, but she tried
her best to be.

“Is everything okay, Marty?”

The room was dead silent; he was just staring at me with those fucking
eyes while my mom softly took the pills he was giving her.

His mask raised again with that creepy smile under it, and all he said
was.

“I told you people here like to talk; it’s a shame you’re one of those
people.”

He walked out, his head turning last, spending as much time as he could
staring just at me.

I got comfy and tried my best to sleep, but I just couldn’t, not while I
knew he was here and not after that interaction. At around eight thirty,
I propped a chair against the doorknob and stuck the door stopper in the
door backward; hopefully that would be enough to wake me up if he was
trying to get in.

I went back to where I was sleeping, rested for the first time in a day,
and slept through until about three in the morning.

I heard some rattling; I lay there, half awake. Listening more intently,
I realized it was above me. I reached up very slowly, grabbing my phone
and pepper spray.

I tried to make it look like I was still sleeping. Using my phone
camera, I put it into selfie mode to look behind me without turning, and
what I saw I cannot get out of my head.

He was reaching down from the ceiling, softly working his way into the
room, staring towards me.

I heard his feet touch the ground, then a crack, before I saw his shadow
block out the light; he was standing right over me.

He spoke, “Here at Silk-Spinner, we like to take care of any problems
and issues we can find and clean up any messes we make in doing so.”

I felt him put his hand on my shoulder, but he stopped, looking at the
recording on my phone; he was looking at the phone, slowly realizing I
was awake.

When he realized, I took my pepper spray and got him in his eyes before
grabbing my taser and my phone again and running to the door.

He screamed like a monster, his long arms knocking things into the
floor, flailing, grabbing at his face.

I grabbed the chair I propped against the door and hit him with it
before opening the door.

He started coming towards me even with his eyes now burning red; I shut
the door and rolled his cart in front of it and ran.

I knew that he was faster than me, and if he grabbed me, no one would
know what happened to me and what happened here.

I ran down the hallway to the dining room. I went and grabbed one of the
trays and threw it on the ground before going back down the hallway and
slipping into the laundry room.

Hoping he would go there first, I went into the laundry room and blocked
that door with a clothes cart.

I started looking around for an exit, anything I could use to escape or
hide, but then I saw it. There was a panel missing in the ceiling. I got
up on top of one of the washers and climbed up into the ceiling.

I expected wires and pipes, but what I didn’t expect was hanging
laundry. There were giant silk-like bags lying down or hanging in this
space.  Using my taser, I softly ripped one open, and I found my mom’s
roommate.

I went to another, the old man at the fire escape; another and another,
all of them were bodies. They were pale; they looked like they had no
blood in them. More than that, their bodies were right above each of
their rooms.

I recorded everything. Now that I knew where the bodies were for the
police, all I had to do was get out.

Making my way through the ceiling, my leg slipped, and I fell right
through one of the panels.

I fell into one of the residents’ rooms, hit my head, and was bleeding.
I heard him running, the squeak of his shoes coming down the hallway.

Before I could even get up, someone grabbed me and pulled me under the
blanket of their bed.

The woman who gave me the letter stuffed me below her before pretending
to go back to sleep; Marty busted through, staring at the mess I left
behind.

He was breathing hard; all I could do was hold mine.

I heard him searching through the room; he threw some of the debris from
my falling in a fit of rage before yelling out, “NOW I HAVE TO CLEAN
THIS TOO!”

He came over to the bed I was at; his hand grabbed the railing beside my
face. He knelt down to see if I was under the bed before he grabbed me
from under the covers.

Out of instinct, I grabbed his face and ripped off his medical mask, but
his mask didn’t come alone; I ripped the skin off of his face.

The only thing left were his eyes, bloodshot and red; his mouth had no
teeth, and where his tongue would be was something different, something
that I can only imagine drained the blood from people in the ceiling.

I had dropped my phone and spray during the initial fall, and my taser
was on the bed.

The thing in his mouth moved towards my neck; I leaned back towards the
bed.
He stuck it into me right as I grabbed the taser.

I cut the taser on and put it into his neck; he dropped me, I grabbed my
phone off the ground, and ran towards the front door.

I pressed the power button enough to where I could quickly call 911; I
heard him behind me; he was on all fours.

The noise shifted from behind me to above me; he was on the ceiling. His
hands each took turns to grab at me, but I didn’t stop; I couldn’t stop.

I ran into the lobby as he dropped down onto the floor; I turned into
Alice’s office, and instead of coming inside, he just stared at me.

We stared at each other for what felt like forever. He softly exhaled
before taking his face out of one of his pockets that was now soaked in
blood, and he made an attempt to put it back on.

“I wonder who will win the race?” he said, not hiding anything any more.
“The police to us, or me to your mother’s room.”

And with that, he calmly walked off.

I didn’t know what to do; I don’t know why he left me, but I think he
couldn’t come into Alice’s office for some reason.

If I left, he would kill me and my mother, but if I stayed here, I’d
leave my mother to die.

I grabbed a fire extinguisher off the wall, and I left a message on my
phone, leaving it in the office.

I went back down the hallway expecting to see him; the door to my mom’s
room was wide open.

Peeking in, I couldn’t see him, but a drop of blood came from the
ceiling.

I sprayed the fire extinguisher into the air before I heard him hit the
ground.

Then I swung.

Then again, and again.

And I didn’t stop till the police arrived.

I don’t remember them taking me to the hospital, but that’s where I am
now.

The insurance is paying for my concussion and fractured arm, so I and my
mom are now BOTH bedridden. (Like mother, like daughter.) But the one
silver lining from all of this is that my mom and I are talking again
like we used to. It’s nice; I think she trusts me again.

The employees who worked there spoke out once everything was over, and
with them, and the body and the residents speaking out, the place
quickly closed down.

The woman and I call each other sometimes; I owe her my life for saving
me. and I dread what would have happened had I fallen in any other room.

Alice has been arrested, so to answer her question from earlier, yes,
now I’m satisfied. 

They can’t find who the actual owner of the nursing home is; all we know
is he or she signed the legal papers with an X. Whoever they are,
they’ve gotten the website taken down, so if you look anything up,
you’re most likely just going to find this post and the news story
later, if they even make one.

And as for Marty’s body, when they were moving the residents out and
securing the building as a crime scene, they found nothing but his skin.

I don’t like that whatever Marty was is still out there. Once I’m out of
the hospital, I think I’m going to try and do research as to where he
might have gone, but I don’t expect to find anything.

I’m not sure if I’m going to ever recover from what I saw; I’m not sure
what I even did see, but typing about it and talking to people about
what happened has been making it easier.

Thank all of you for the advice and support; hopefully I won’t have to
make a post like this ever again, but if I do, you all will be the first
to know about it. 
