I always wondered how I would die. I guess you could say I’ve always
been sort of a hypochondriac. Always thinking about the sickness or
illness that I could come down with. Going through symptom after symptom
aligning them with a myriad of life threatening conditions. I’ve always
been like that you know?
Despite all of that I can say I never saw this coming. 29 years old no
kids no serious relationships hell I don’t even have many friends and
I’m diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. Too far gone for any treatment
to make a real difference.
Did not see that coming. I think that is probably the funniest part
about this whole situation. I’m already dying. Less than 3 months my
doctor said and that is being generous.
So. I did what any 29 year old dying woman would do. I spent 2 weeks
organizing my life or better said my death. Wills and bills and of
course lots of crying and pity partying.
Then I bought a plane ticket to Rome and spent 3 days preparing to spend
the last of my days there. Why Rome do you ask? Well I’m originally from
Bracciano not that I remember a thing. I moved to the states around 2 or
3. But I always felt drawn back there and well where better to die?
I have no close relationships and honestly maybe that will be the
scariest part of all of this. No one will come looking for me. Everyone
will think I’ve died here as I wished. Well after arriving in Rome I
made the trip back to the town I was born in. Going to stay with some
random aunt I had never met. Aunt Irene is older but gentle and kind in
a grandma sort of way. She is much warmer than my own mother.
But that’s beside the point I’ve gone completely off topic. It’s hard
not to reminisce about what led me here. I never dreamed of going to the
catacombs before. I mentioned I was a hypochondriac right? Yeah well
there’s many things to be scared of in there that has nothing to do with
the supernatural. That was the least of my worries.
But things were different. I was dying. I just wanted to explore and
experience things I never would have otherwise. So I went. It’s not as
hard as you would think. Finding a guide that actually knew how to get
in was probably the hardest part. But I could tell he’d done this trip
hundreds of times and he even told me so himself.
Ernesto. A nice man muscular but short. He had a son. I’m sorry to him
and I wish I had a way to tell him that even in his father’s last
moments he was thinking of him.
You’d be surprised how many people homeless addicts and even just
drifters find their way into the catacombs. Ernesto led me past this
part looking more like train tunnels than what I imagined catacombs to
look like.
I had my flashlight and my camera at the ready. The trip was going so
well. I think that’s part of the reason they came for us.
The laughter and happiness. They don’t like that.
Me and Ernesto were not deep into the catacombs people. I’d like to say
that. I had no interest in going deep and getting lost in there. Ernesto
knew that and he seemed to wholeheartedly agree. He told me about things
he’s seen deeper in and well I didn’t believe him until I saw it for
myself.
We had been walking me stopping and taking pictures and us just
chatting. It was surprisingly easy with him. Funnily enough I think we’d
have probably gone on a date had we had made it out of this place.
I hear them still chittering in the corner the snapping of flesh and
bone.
Ernesto. I want to cry but I feel nothing.
I’m sitting here typing this just to keep myself from going over there.
His pain. No. No.
I had just snapped a picture of Ernesto and I was showing him the
picture when his smile completely dropped and a look of dread washed
over his features. The look made my heart stop and then he whispered at
me to run.
So I did. He was right behind me that same look on his face. I asked him
over and over what happened but he just kept pushing me run. I ended up
leading us deeper into the catacombs taking turns just get away from
whatever made this man so terrified.
Then I heard it. That chittering. Loud and excited. I don’t know how I
could tell they just sounded like they were having fun.
Ernesto screamed behind me shoving me forward. I turned towards him but
it was already too late. And I realized why he didn’t want to tell me
what he saw. Because he knew it was too late for us.
Hundreds maybe thousands of eyes in the darkness and when my flashlight
beam turned to them my brain just short circuited.
I stood there. I just stood there as they began to take apart his body.
Not viscous or evil. Systematically. Surgically.
Long needle like claws digging and slicing into him. The beam of my
flashlight shook so hard.
I couldn’t make my feet move. Even as Ernesto cried and begged me to run
begged them to kill him. To stop. I’m ashamed to admit I must have
passed out. Because when I came to I was screaming.
They were on me. They had my entire stomach opened up. That is something
humans are not meant to see. They were doing something to me. Their
claws dug into my body into my insides.
Of course I passed back out. This time when I came to hours had to have
passed. My stomach wasn’t open anymore but Ernesto.
He didn’t even look human anymore. Every inch of skin was gone and they
were working on pulling his muscles and tendons apart. Even now he’s
still moving.
These creatures. They can drag out death. Maybe Ernesto got lucky.
Because I think they intend on keeping me. A sick thing stuck between
life and death. I think that’s what they are.
They’re calling me. I want to go so bad. To bathe in his misery. I think
I’ll go. I don’t think I can keep resisting.
