My hope is that telling this story prevents something similar from
happening to anyone else in the future, okay? Believe me, you don’t want
to fall into the trap we did.

-—————

That night felt different; even the rapid clacking of the keys was
getting on my nerves. I felt like I could explode at any moment.

“No way, this piece of shit is broken,” I muttered aloud, glancing at
the clock.

“Time really is dragging today, Louie,” remarked Derrich, the
middle-aged guy next to me. “The sun’s going to come up any minute now,
my friend.”

There was a brief power outage in the building. The cold glow of the
monitors outlined our silhouettes in the dark. I scratched my head,
anxious.

Programming isn’t easy. Anyone who’s tried to get started knows that
better than anyone… Want a life tip? Don’t turn your hobbies into your
job. You’ll learn to hate them. And fast. This new fintech was supposed
to be paradise on Earth. A dream job. Yeah, right? I felt like I was
being murdered in real time. Sure, we had more colorful game rooms,
unlimited snacks, and playgrounds than the damn Google team. But the
targets were unrealistic. The bosses? MIA. Feedback? A week
late—Sometimes forcing us to start the project practically from scratch.
We were dependent on team members who should have been fired years ago.
You name it, it was there. Insanity. Pressure upon pressure. And the
team was constantly changing. Now we were on the graveyard shift. Two
teams rotating, working in that office twenty-four hours a day. What
kind of life is that?

“Dude, did you see that new series I sent you?” Melone’s glasses
appeared from behind his cubicle, framing his broad face.

“Huh? No. I dunno… I really need to finish this up, man,” I replied.
God. At this point, I don’t even know which panel project I’m working
on… Is it the one for the luggage-weight-estimation scanner? Holy shit,
can’t you people just put the damn thing on a scale like everyone else?
One of these days, I’m going to go on a rampage in the marketing
department for coming up with this garbage.

“Duuude. You like solving mysteries, right? This time they aren’t in
purgatory, it’s not gonna be like that shitty Lost ending… Louie? F***.
You let this shit get to you too much, bro. You gotta stop trying to be
the team’s Gandhi or some shit like that… Just pretend you’re doing your
best and cash the check at the end of the month.”

Derrich snorted nearby. “Some of us will never be able to live as
carefree as you, Melone… And we’ll never be able to take our frustration
out on carbs the way you do.”

I looked up to say something, but I was interrupted… It was Alana, a
member of the other team, she burst into the room screaming, pale as a
ghost.

Derrich ran over to her. She seemed to be in some kind of shock.

Alana then spoke slowly about a… Woman in the ladies’ room. She said the
woman’s body was burned from head to toe—No face, no hair. She claimed
to have been attacked by the figure, which had come crawling out from
under one of the stalls. Alana said she had barely managed to escape its
grasp.

We exchanged glances. A few seconds later, we all walked over together,
brooms and mops in hand. We made our way down the hallway with its
unpleasantly colorful walls and reached the ladies’ room. We pushed the
door open with a sharp click.

And there was nothing there.

Alana began to cry and scream. She insisted the woman had grabbed her,
that she could still smell burnt flesh in the air. Derrich shook his
head.

“The graveyard shift does things to people, Alana—calm down… These
deadlines are getting to all of us… Maybe it’s time you thought about
taking a vacation…”

And then it happened again. The power went out. But something was
different. The lights came back on after a few seconds… Only to reveal
that everyone else had vanished.

“What the f***?! Melone? Derrich? Alana?” I shouted.

A makeup kit lay on the floor. I was alone in the restroom—No… In the
office. It didn’t even make sense. They had been right there beside me
just moments ago. This whole thing had to be some kind of prank. That’s
what I thought at the time.

I walked around the quiet office for a bit. Everything was unnaturally
still, even for the middle of the night. I passed the elevator; its
display was flashing “FAULT” in red against the darkness.

That was when I heard it for the first time: the sound of a chair
scraping across the floor, not far away. I looked up and saw a figure
simply sitting in a corner.

He stood up. Had he been there the whole time? It was a man. He was
wearing the company’s standard dress shirt. Very tall and very heavy.
He… He wore a mask that mimicked a sack over his face.

For a split second, I thought it was the punchline to some elaborate
prank—Until he stepped closer and I realized I didn’t know him at all.

“H-hi? Who are you? W-what do you want?”

The groaning sound he made… It was absolutely terrible to describe. And
I could almost see his eyes through the clear plastic…

He lunged at me. Fast. Arms outstretched. I ran. Fear took over. I
bumped into a desk and fell. By the time I turned my head, he was
already on top of me. His massive hands were squeezing my neck.

A masked killer? Here? Why me?!

That was when I saw my own wide-eyed stare reflected in the plastic… It
wasn’t a mask. He actually had a bag pulled tight over his head… I
watched in horror as his mouth opened and closed. I was going to die
right there, with his hands shaking me. And yet… in that moment, looking
at the man… I was overcome by a strange sense of pity for him.

The lights flickered. I fell to the floor, coughing violently. He
vanished—just as strangely as he had appeared. I rolled onto my side and
vomited. I started screaming right there on the office floor, amidst the
clutter that had tumbled off the desk.

Melone appeared in the doorway. “Louie’s here, guys!” He looked pale and
disheveled, too. W-what the hell was going on here?

Derrich showed up a moment later, clearly agitated. His nervous eyes
kept darting over his shoulder. They were talking to each other.

“The fire escape… It’s gone, Melone.”

“W-what the f***?! Stairs don’t just disappear, man!”

“Go see for yourself if you want… There’s a drop-off… The stairs just
fall away into darkness,” Derrich said. He seemed so terrified that his
words were barely making sense.

“And now the elevator’s stopped working, too…” Melone said.
“S-something’s got us trapped here, guys… Those… Ghosts?”

“That thing wasn’t transparent, and it wasn’t trying to scare me,
dammit!” Derrich shouted. “It was solid—just like you or me! It even
scratched me!” He pointed to a long scratch on his forearm.

“W-what attacked you?” I interrupted.

“A mummy… No eyes… No hair… A woman with a twisted neck… Hanging limp
over her shoulders,” Derrich continued.

“Mine was a man with a swollen head, totally deformed… His tongue was
huge, like a ball,” Melone stammered.

“Where is Alana?” I asked. But they just exchanged glances. She had
vanished. Completely.

The three of us ran together, shouting through the corridors for what
felt like an eternity… We needed to find someone from the other team who
was still on the floor… Anyone!

We found two other young members of Alana’s team: Erickson and Hanna.
They were visibly shaken and disheveled. They, too, had realized there
was no way out of the floor.

“W-why isn’t the sun coming up? Where is the sun?” Hanna wept.

She was right. There was nothing but darkness outside the windows. Deep
and infinite. It had been dark for far too long. There were no
streetlights, no lit windows, no sounds from the streets—Nothing. It was
as if we were drifting through space.

“All the clocks… they stopped at the same time, too…” Erickson shouted,
pointing to the gold watch on his wrist. “M-Mr. Derrich, do you have any
idea what’s happening?!” None of it made sense. How had we ended up in
this situation? Why did we deserve this?

“W-were you attacked by something?” I asked them. They simply looked at
each other and nodded.

“G-guys?! You, um, need to see this.” It was Melone. He was pointing at
something disturbing in one of the rooms—a horribly burned female body
lay on the floor. No face. No hair. The body was still giving off hot
smoke.

It was Derrich who stepped forward and covered the body with his suit
jacket. I’m pretty sure he stammered something about “coincidences”
before seeming to tensely weigh his options.

“S-stay calm and think. We don’t know whose corpse this is…”

“It’s Alana! Shit! She’s become the ghost, guys! T-the ghost got her and
made her death reality, goddammit! We’re in a fuc**** horror movie!”
Melone shouted.

“No. It’s not her,” Derrich remarked coolly. “Look closely… Alana was a
very short girl. This woman here is tall… And look at the teeth… Alana
had distinctively split teeth…”

Hanna sighed deeply. “H-he’s right… But then… Who is she?” We exchanged
horrified glances.

-————————————–

No one knew her. And there were only the six of us in the office that
night…

“Did this h-happen the last time the lights flickered?” Erickson asked.
“For an instant, everyone vanishes from the room and we get attacked one
by one—Is that it? And Alana got taken?”

“Oh, come on…” Melone scoffed. “Now you’re saying there are rules to how
this shit works?”

“I-isn’t it strange that we’re all going through the same thing at the
same time? The stopped clocks… the eternal night outside, with no way to
leave…” Hanna said. “And it always happens when the lights flicker? If
the goal of these things was just to kill us… I think we’d all be dead
by now.”

“W-we need to calm down and figure out a way out of here,” I said.
“These… Specters… There must be rules about what they can and can’t do…
And maybe, well…”—At that moment, I remembered the expression on the
face of the man with the sack over his head—“In movies, creatures like
that might be trying to warn us about something…”

The others seemed to consider this for a moment, looking skeptical. We
didn’t have enough information to say anything for sure at that point.

-—————————————

It made no sense to just sit there waiting, since we ended up alone
whenever we were attacked anyway.

We talked it over and decided the best option was to split up and
quickly investigate two specific key locations. If there was any
relevant information, it would likely be there. Hanna and Derrich would
investigate the manager’s office; Melone, Erickson, and I would
investigate the HR office.

We walked cautiously for a few more minutes. We really were alone there.
Those damn colorful walls now seemed to be mocking us. We were in hell,
and this company was the devil’s playground.

“What… what if they’re actually trying to save us?” Erickson said. “I
mean, we haven’t found anyone’s body, just that thing… Maybe they stay
here, and whoever they drag off gets saved from this place.”

“You’re into this kind of stuff, bro,” Melone, the chatterbox, remarked
to me. “Do you think we’re in some shitty B-movie time-travel flick?”

Before I could answer, the lights flickered again. And I was alone.
Heavy, uneven footsteps seemed to be getting louder behind me. It was
him again. The big man with a sack over his head. I ran.

Things were a little different. It was as if the office were a bit more
trashed. It was no longer a pristine work environment. Some desks were
overturned now, some light fixtures were dangling.

He was faster now. His arms were outstretched toward me. I managed to
circle around him using one of the conference tables. It was a close
call. The lights flickered, and I was back. Exhausted and disheveled.

I walked a short distance and found Erickson rushing through the
offices. He shook his head. Melone had vanished. I prayed that, wherever
he was, he was at least still alive.

“Let’s stay calm and think this through, okay? This is when knowing how
to work as a team really counts,” Erickson said. “About ten minutes—Did
you notice? That’s the time between the lights going out and coming back
on… And I get the feeling it’s getting shorter…”

We found the HR office. I used a fire extinguisher to smash the door
open. Some offices were a mess even when locked, but not this one. We
started rummaging through drawers and cabinets, looking for anything
useful. Erickson called me over to look at something. It was an old,
worn-out folder, stamped for the Legal Department.

I had barely started flipping through it when I felt the blood drain
from my body. The friendly face… The large frame… It was him. It was the
file of the man who had been hunting me down while wearing a bag over
his head. Dave. He’d died nearly four years ago. He’d put a plastic bag
over his head and hanged himself…

Erickson pointed to the photo of the man who had been chasing him, too…
“S-slashed wrists,” he said. If I had to bet, the other people in that
folder were the other “specters” attacking us… But what did it all mean?

“It’s… A file on the company’s suicides, man,” Erickson muttered grimly.
“M-maybe this shitty company doesn’t just keep us here while we’re
alive… Anyone who committed suicide gets trapped here too…”

I was starting to like Erickson… Actually, I’d always thought of him as
a bit of a jerk… I guess it’s in times of crisis that you truly get to
know people.

We ran into Hanna and Derrich in the hallway; they looked shaken. They
had found the body of a stranger—Face swollen and deformed—In one of the
rooms. His tongue was huge. It looked as if he’d drowned right there on
the floor of the cubicle. It was the same thing that had been stalking
Melone.

They’d also found something odd in the management office and called us
over to see it. It was the whiteboard. There was a message written on
it: “Final meeting for members at 6:00 PM before abandoning the
building. Don’t let them stain the carpet this time.”

Derrich shook his head. “Have you guys ever heard of the Five Burned
Ones?” he stammered after a few seconds. When no one answered in the
affirmative, he continued. “It’s not a well-known story, but… Six years
ago, five bodies—Deformed by burns—Showed up on this floor… They just
appeared here. There were no signs of fire anywhere else… Management
managed to keep the negative press to a minimum, especially since the
charred bodies were never identified… Huh… I remember an old colleague,
Mirtha, telling me they claimed the bodies had been planted here by the
mafia, or occultists, or something like that…” The man cleared his
throat. “That warning about not staining the carpet… It’s as if they
already knew something was going to happen… I’m starting to think that…
Whatever is happening here today is exactly what happened back then… All
that was left of the team were the bodies that ‘returned.’”

Hanna collapsed onto the floor, sobbing. Erickson helped her up.

“T-those bastards… Are we some kind of crazy sacrifice?!”

In a fit of rage, I smashed the PC from the desk next to the whiteboard
onto the floor.

“We aren’t just going to stand here waiting to die, are we?! Think,
dammit—There has to be a way out of here!”

The lights began to flicker faintly, and the tense group scattered,
running in various directions. It was starting all over again. If we
didn’t understand what was happening, we’d be easy prey. I heard Derrich
shout something, but I couldn’t make out what it was.

Then the lights flickered again—This time for real. The specters’ office
wasn’t just slightly different now; I noticed that almost all the desks
and glass partitions had been overturned and smashed. And the sheer
number of them… It was as if thousands of chairs, desks, and monitors
had suddenly appeared, cluttering the corridors. Where had they come
from?! The carpet was covered in shards of glass… And there he was,
walking slowly toward me: Dave—The programmer, as I’d seen in the
file—with the sack over his head.

“D-Dave? Listen to me! Everyone here is a programmer, just like you! I
hate this shitty company so much… even more than you do!” I shouted at
him. I tried to reach him; maybe there was still a shred of humanity
left in there.

But it was useless; he lunged at me. I ran. Amidst the new chaos of
shattered glass and scattered chairs, he caught me. He grabbed me by the
throat. For what felt like an eternity, I felt his desperation—And his
thoughts—Flooding into me. Dear God. He wanted to go back. He wanted to
reclaim his place at the company. He was desperate to return to the real
world.

Then I fell to the floor. Back in the office. Battered and bruised. But
alive. Hanna came crawling over. She looked pale as a ghost when she saw
me.

“We don’t have much time, Louie… That place… It’s different, too… And
getting worse… And they’re getting stronger… We have to find a way to
turn things around…”

Ericson shouted. I found him pointing at the desk in the manager’s
office.

To our shock, it was the PC I had thrown on the floor. It was back on
the desk, fixed.

“I-it was me, Louie… Before I ran into that damn specter, I put the PC
from the floor back on the desk… I wanted to test if changing something
in that dimension would change something here… And it did! That PC was
smashed on the floor; now it works!”

I thought for a few seconds… There had to be something significant
there… Was it just about time? No… My theory was that from the specters’
dimension… we could fix something in the real one. I told the others. It
was our best guess.

Further ahead, we found that woman—wearing the company uniform, her neck
twisted—sprawled on the floor of one of the rooms. Young or old? It was
impossible to tell. She was practically a mummy. Her face was contorted
into a near-smile. Derrich had vanished.

“D-did you guys notice that in the strange dimension, the elevator
display isn’t dark?” Hanna remarked.

Erickson shouted, “That’s it! Hanna’s right. In the other world, it
actually flashes ‘FAULT’—like a critical error. What if it’s broken, but
has to be fixed from the other side? Maybe that’s the answer to getting
home!”

We didn’t have many options at that point. We got to work. How would we
get a laptop and the cables needed to access the panel over to the other
side? We’d each gather our materials and head to a spot we thought was
far enough away from where the specters usually appeared. From there,
we’d do whatever we could to break the equipment. It would then appear
in that same spot in the specters’ dimension… The next time we were
transported… It was probably all or nothing.

“Louie… I have to tell you something,” Hanna murmured nervously. “It’s
you. You’re the one who stalks me in the other dimension… Your whole
body is turned inside out, like you threw yourself off somewhere really
high… Um… That means you won’t die here, but in the distant future,
right?! Right?!”

I shook my head immediately. “I think I’d rather you hadn’t told me
that… I don’t know exactly what’s going on in this shitty office… But we
have to believe in something.”

I moved to my position. I did everything I could to “break” the
equipment on the floor. Would it have worked? Then I noticed. Shit. I
grabbed the wrong cable; I need to go back to Hanna and see if she has
the right port.

But when I checked the spot where Hanna was supposed to be… I found
Erickson.

He was positioning an unconscious Hanna onto two stacked chairs… with a
rope around her neck. He turned his face toward me, cold as ice.

“Whoa! You weren’t supposed to see this, Louie… The truth is… I was in
the room next to the 6 PM meeting… eavesdropping on everything. It was
only when it started that I connected the dots on what they were saying…
about how there was a strong chance today would be the big day… and that
there always have to be six of them! Wow, calm down, listen to me… This
is actually a golden opportunity… I discovered almost all of today’s
executives went through a day just like this years ago!” He spoke with
madness in his eyes.

Erickson was a real bastard… He had more information than we did… He
knew about this place and hadn’t told us—Worse, he’d taken advantage of
it. Hanna… He was putting someone in position to be the next victim… I
won’t lie, the possibility had crossed my mind… But it was too cruel.
Now it seemed obvious. Why did only some of us come back alive from the
attacks? Unless… When someone was taken first, everyone else got to
return? Like a twisted countdown. Erickson had just confirmed it for me.
For him, the priority was preparing someone else to be taken before him,
so he’d be safe.

- Hey, hey, you don’t have to die here, right? You could die any random
day years from now—In an accident or something. Better to know than be
caught off guard, right? I heard them talking about how, at first, it
happened randomly… But now they plan to leave only the expendable ones
and the ones with potential out during the graveyard shift… They even
said the specters are actually a good omen for your career! No one knows
for sure why they come here. It doesn’t matter. They’re potential clues
about how you’ll die one day. I mean, the loners, the ones who are too
slow… Or the ones who don’t know how to take a hit for the team—They’re
the ones who’ll die, if you catch my drift. – He said with a smile. –
But you’re not one of them, are you, Louie?

I lunged at him. I had to save Hanna; I had to buy time!

We fought for a few minutes. Both of us were covered in bruises.

- I spelled it out for you, you moron! Just fix the elevator panel and
get back!

I was going to finish him off. But the lights flickered again. That was
it. The office had turned into hell. Some sectors were on fire. Water
was spraying high in the air inside some of the restrooms. Piles upon
piles of office supplies and furniture. This place… Was this a day in
the future? Was this going to happen someday?

A loud sound. Dave appeared. Bursting through a drywall partition.
Faster and stronger than ever.

I ran from him as best I could. He grabbed me again, hoisting me high
into the air as if I were a child. I could see his massive head shaking
as he tried to scream.

And then I snapped back. It happened too fast. So it had to be… Tears
welled up in my eyes. I ran desperately down the corridors to where
Hanna’s chair should have been.

Nothing. She had vanished. She’d been an easy target. It wasn’t fair!
She didn’t deserve this! I couldn’t find “my” specter, either. Was his
body in another room?

Erickson attacked me, screaming. He caught me off guard, slamming a
keyboard against the back of my neck. Disoriented, I was forced toward
the glass.

My body crashed through the window amidst an explosion of shards. It was
a close call; I barely managed to hang on, gripping the sides of the
frame with my hands.

“I’m going to make your death a reality, you worm!” Erickson screamed
like a madman as he kicked me. “I knew Derrich was next in line for a
promotion! Here’s the part I didn’t tell you: it was actually *him* who
was stalking me with his wrists slashed! When the lights started
flickering and everyone ran, I seized the moment! I grabbed a shard of
glass myself and slit his wrists myself—HAHAHA! He even squealed like a
pig trying to warn you guys.” Erickson was a fucking psychopath. He was
trying to shove me out the window with all his might. “There were
promotion slots for up to two people, you idiot! It could have been both
of us!”

I saw the infinite darkness beneath me. Like the gaping maw of a
colossal, incomprehensible creature. But Erickson was careless. I
grabbed his loose tie and held on tight. He shouldn’t have been so
worried about appearances. He gagged and choked—just long enough for me
to break free.

I seized the moment and dragged him down the hallway. There was a
restroom there. Perfect. I was sick of this shitty night. Sick of this
shitty brown-noser. SICK OF THIS SHITTY COMPANY.

He struggled in vain for just a few minutes. Erickson was drowned in the
toilet bowl now. I wiped my face.

I went back to where my broken laptop sat on the floor. Now, it was just
a matter of waiting.

The lights flickered. It was the other dimension again. There was still
fire and water spraying everywhere… And no one else around. I wasn’t
going to let the opportunity slip away.

I connected the cables to the elevator panel. The red displays clearly
showed error F: “FAULT.” I couldn’t stop glancing over my shoulder. It
shouldn’t be that hard to reboot the machine.

I wasn’t attacked (did that have something to do with my specter
vanishing?). A short while later, I succeeded. The door opened with a
loud beep. The light inside the clean elevator was like the light of
paradise. I dragged myself inside.

I saw Dave from there. Standing still. Watching me from afar amidst the
flames. I could swear he gave a slight nod.

The doors closed, and I let out a breath.

For a moment, I thought the elevator would plummet. Or that whole floor
would burst into flames and our bodies would vanish… That *we* would be
the bodies found burned in the past… But none of that happened. Why did
the specters want to return so badly? Didn’t they know they’d
materialize already dead? I suppose I’m underestimating the power of
habit…

Did Erickson cause the woman with the twisted neck? Did Hanna see a
future version of myself after falling from the window? In the end, it
wasn’t a dimension solely for people who had committed suicide… I think…
I think this dimension is like a glitch in reality… Every system is full
of them… Things that might or might not collide… And that, in certain
cycles, overlap with our reality… Maybe we’re all already a little dead
every time we clock in and accept being reduced to a cog in the machine.
I don’t even think the executives themselves understand the specters’
intentions… True to form, they turned the glitch into a feature.

When I showed up the next day, badly injured, with a bunch of strange
bodies strewn all over the office… They said I’d killed my colleagues…
That I’d had a psychotic break… So i guess I’m not executive material,
heh. No one had my back… Don’t make the mistakes and choices I made.
They’re going to lie. They already knew it wasn’t burnout.
