Today marks the 5^(th) year my dad has been missing. My mom believes he
had another episode and, instead of just getting angry, he decided to
run away from us. But I know the truth, the crows took him.

I was there 5 years ago on my 10^(th) birthday, watching him struggle to
push the curved metal pipe through the net of my new home batting cage.
“Fuck! Hector, get your ass over here and hold the end of the pole up.”
He stared directly at me, sweat burning his eyes red as his annoyance
turned into anger. I hurried over and grabbed the pole but, once he let
go, the weight caused it to rotate in my hands. Wrapping it under my arm
didn’t help as it continued to slip towards the ground. My dad slammed
the net down and grabbed me by the back of my neck.

“Are you serious? How are you expecting to be able to make it anywhere
if you can’t even handle a damn pole?” He lifted me up and made me stare
directly into his bright red eyes. “I spend way too much time and money
for you be this useless!”

My dad tossed me onto my back and went over to grab my little league
baseball bat. Tears were streaming down my face as I frantically pleaded
with him, “I’m sorry Dad. I won’t drop it this time. Please Dad, I’m
sorry I’m useless. I promise I’ll do better.” I pissed myself as he
approached me, and my pleas turned into incoherent babbles. The anger
radiating from him began to mix with disgust and disappointment as he
looked down at me. He began to beat the net with my bat. His yelling
sounding like a roar as he swung wildly when the net wrapped around the
tip of the bat. He eventually got it off, and turned his attention to
one of the trees in our yard. I watched as he destroyed the bark, each
swing rattling the tree until a nest fell, glancing his shoulder on the
way down.

He turned to stomp on the nest, and I saw yolk splatter beneath his
shoes. Suddenly, a few crows descended from the sky to attack my dad. He
swung around like a wild animal, eventually clipping one of them on the
wings and it crashed in front of me. It looked directly at me, its fear
matching my reflection in its eye. My dad stomped over and repeatedly
slammed the bat down on the crow. I watched in horror as he turned it
into mince. The sky became dark as our surroundings were deafened by the
sound of crows cawing. We both looked up to see a black mass eclipsing
the sun above us. Then hundreds of crows descended upon my dad,
engulfing him. His screams for help barely escaping as they took him
into the sky, and disappeared into the Sun.

I laid there for almost an hour until my mom got back from the store.
The rest of my birthday was a blur, the only thing I remember was my mom
crying and blaming me for my dad leaving us. Her snide remarks continued
over the years, eventually evolving into strikes. My dad’s anger
developed in me alongside puberty. I poured that anger and newfound
strength into baseball, my only escape from my home life.

My mom would get drunk on the anniversary of my dad “leaving”, and this
year wasn’t different. She repeatedly punched my shoulder and back, as I
was now tall enough to move my head out of the way, yelling in my ear
about how this was all my fault. My dad’s anger grew inside of me until
it finally burst, and I punched my mom’s nose. Confusion set in my mom’s
face as she touched the trickling blood. I swung my fist again which
connected with her right eye, and she stumbled back into the kitchen
table. I felt so large at that moment as the adrenaline surged within
me, and I began to approach her again until I heard a caw outside.

I stood in my kitchen staring into the yard for several minutes. My mom
sitting at the table, tilting her head back and holding a bag of frozen
vegetables against her eye. Once the bleeding stopped, she called me a
useless piece of shit and stormed out of the house. I didn’t care as my
attention was on a murder of crows perched in the now diseased tree my
dad struck. Fear and anger were churning in my chest as I stared out at
them. I contemplated what to do as the echo of my dad calling me useless
repeated in my mind, allowing my anger to outgrow the fear as I grabbed
my bat from the garage and made my way outside.

The murder stayed perched in the tree, ignoring my presence as to
confirm my uselessness. My rage brought me to the tree and I began to
strike its soft trunk. My mind went blank as I repeatedly struck the
tree, only stopping to move out of the way when it fell. The crows
flocked onto the ground, taunting me. I began to wildly swing at them,
hearing a crunch as my bat connected with one of their heads, atomizing
it. Darkness surrounded me, and I covered my ears as their caws grew. I
was brought to my knees when a portion of them rammed the back of my
leg, swinging my bat in retaliation. It fell from my grasp as they
clawed and pecked at my wrist. I clambered to the ground and tried to
crawl back to my house, but their claws sunk into the my back of my neck
as they lifted me off of the ground.

The rest of the flock surrounded me, and I felt their wings beat me as
all of the light was drowned out. We flew for what felt like hours. The
holes in my neck, that painfully sagged due to my weight, began to feel
relief as the crows released me and I began to float. I was surrounded
by what seemed like thousands of crows whose wings thundered around me.
The only light coming from the edge of the eclipse in front of me, which
slowly formed into an eye of a massive crow. A figure inside it’s pupil
began to form. I assumed it was my reflection until I saw multiple crows
picking apart his flesh. He noticed me and his face warped into a
scream.

“HECTOR?!? PLEASE HELP ME!!!”, My dad pleaded as the crows continued
their meal. His pleas became incomprehensible as a crow tore out his
tongue. They made me watch as they picked all of his meat to the bone.
His skeleton floated on the other side of the eye, perfectly mirroring
me. I felt a sharp burning pain on the soles of my feet as the crows
swooped by, taking pieces of flesh in their beaks. I tried to get away
to no avail as I was slowly disassembled, crying the whole time. I
exhausted all my tears by the time they got to my ribcage. My vision
slowly became unblurred as I peered back into the pupil. I saw the
bottom half of a mutilated naked man as my consumed flesh began to grow
onto my father’s skeleton. An agonizing wheeze left my lungs as the
crows tore a hole into them.

The crows eventually made their way to my eyes, plucking out the right
one and consuming it. Half of my vision was gone for a second. Followed
by a bright light that eventually dimmed revealing my reflections to
each other. I was horrified, as my minced body watched the last quadrant
of my unconsumed head be consumed. Both sides of me experiencing each
others pain as portions of my brain were eaten and transferred.
Eventually, I was fully consumed and remade on the other side of the
eye. My new body tightening down as the scars from my experienced
formed. The skeleton floated on the other side of the eye, perfectly
mirroring me. I felt a sharp burning pain on the soles of my feet as the
crows swooped by, taking pieces of flesh in their beaks. Tears began to
form in my eyes again as I watched as my flesh formed on the skeleton.
The torturous cycle continuing throughout never-ending generations…

They should not be called a murder of crows. That would imply that they
would let me die.
