Chapter 1

If you’re not from Georgia, then you might not know this but, what is
now Lake Lanier was once a beautiful budding Black community. The
official story is that poor planning led to a dam being built upstream,
which flooded the little town of Oscarville Georgia and caused the
deaths of the hundreds of people who lived there. Again, this is the
official story, but many believe that this was a planned attack on Black
excellence. And many more people believe that the man made Lake Lanier
is haunted by the ghosts of the past.

I haven’t believed in ghost stories or fairytails for a very long time.
But the number of dead bodies found floating face down in this lake,
coupled with the accounts of people who’ve swum in those waters who have
experienced the cold grasp of “Something” pulling them down into the
lake’s murky depths was enough to make my skin crawl.

Nevertheless, Kevin Blessed took it upon himself to dive to the bottom
of those waters in an effort to excavate and retrieve the small town
from its depths. An ambitious restoration project combining his two
passions into this one massive undertaking. Kevin Blessed was an
architect by trade and a hobbyist scuba diver. Excavating and restoring
the lost buildings beneath the depths of Lake Lanier, he had to have
known sounded crazy, but Kevin went through with it anyway.

“The place is definitely haunted,” my cameraman said to me as we got
into our news van. I’m a journalist for a local newspaper and sleepy was
my partner. His name was Ned, but everyone called him Sleepy because his
eyes were always low.

“Come on,” I said, rolling the statement off my shoulders with an eye
roll. “You don’t really believe in ghosts, do you?”

“Of course! I 100% believe in ghosts! Ghosts, goblins, little green men.
I believe in all that shit. I guess you can say I’m a little bit
spiritual that way.”

“Well, I hate to break it to you, but none of it is real!”

“Oh, goblins are real, alright. My ex was a goblin. She would do this
thing with her mouth…”

“OMG, stop! Enough with the goblins, alright? Look, it’s a slow news
week and this is what Chief Callaway wants us to report on.”

“Unk Calaway gotta stop sending us on these damn fluff stories. We’re
too good for this. There’s gotta be stories in the city this weekend
more important than this. Or less weird.”

“Well, until your uncle finds something better for us to report on, it’s
this or the Girl Scouts.”

“Aw man, Troop 19 is doing something this weekend!”

“Yeah, and we’re not going because covering that story involves being at
an event for an extended amount of time. And this is just a tour through
a ‘haunted school.’ Except ghosts aren’t real. So it’s really just a
tour through a small school being hand-built by a good man who wants to
restore historical buildings. Ooh! Blessed, Restoring Black History!”

“How long did it take you to come up with that headline?”

“I came up with it just now! I’m quick on my feet, right? That’s why
Calaway lets me choose my team and story. Because he knows that I can
cook up something great with even the meagerest of ingredients. It’s
what makes me such a good journalist. And why I hand picked you. Now, do
your job as the best cameraman on our team and get all the shots to
frame this as a triumph for the community! And make sure to get my good
side, too,” I said as we finally turned onto the long gravel driveway
that led to the two-story schoolhouse.

Ned let out a dramatic, heartbroken sigh as he swung the van up the
North Georgia highway. “But I love Girl Scout cookies.”

We finally stopped in front of the two-story schoolhouse. It was nestled
on a vibrant, flowery green plot of land, but looking at it made the
back of my neck prickle. As I got out of the car, I noticed that the air
around the property felt unnervingly still, devoid of the afternoon
birdsong we’d heard just a mile back down the road.

Despite being beautifully built, the building looked off. First, the way
the building was framed made it resemble a large church more than a
school—like an old church that was sized up to be a school over the
years. It was also clear to me that this building had been built in a
much older style in places, but had modern pieces tacked on. The
inclusion of a glass facade and a sleek bus ramp clashed violently with
the older, heavy architecture.

But that wasn’t what gave me the chills. It was just something in the
way that the building sat there; it had an energy about it that hummed
with a low, vibrational frequency that rattled right through the soles
of my shoes. It wasn’t a good or bad feeling that I got, but it made my
hair stand up.

“You think I should ask them about it?” I said to Sleepy.

“How they feel about this place being haunted?” Sleepy asked, almost
confused that I would even think about bringing the topic up.

“Yeah.”

“I would definitely want to hear them say it’s not haunted before I go
in there. Even a white guy like me knows that this shit was a bad idea,
you know? Like, something like that has got to be a no-no.”

“Let’s hope that Mr. Blessed’s good intentions pass the vibe check,” I
said, trying to shake off the chill creeping up my spine.

We walked up to the building where we were greeted by the glass and
metal doors common at a school. I went to open the door, it was locked
and so was the next one. Sleepy seemed to breathe a sigh of relief when
I tried the next one and it swung open. But before I could go in, Sleepy
called out.

“Wait, wait, wait, we should call them first!”

He was right, so I let him call. He called the number we had twice, but
there was no answer. After a short pause a tall, curvy, red-haired woman
in a long black dress walked out of what looked to be the principal’s
office. “Hello, you must be Ms. Octavia Clark with the news! Nice to
meet you.”

“Yes, hello. You must be Mrs. Cathy Blessed?”

“Yes, ma’am,” she said, her voice sounding exaggerated. “It’s very nice
to meet you.” It was a tone of voice I knew well—the tone a woman uses
when she is ready to be interviewed. To me, that was as good as
permission to go ahead and start recording.

“Nice to meet you! This is my cameraman, Ned. He will be filming us from
now on, if that’s alright with you?”

“Oh yeah, that’s fine. Come on in.” And just like that, the interview
had begun. “I’ll take you to where Kevin is working.”

She opened the heavy door wide and stepped aside, revealing a beautiful
marbled walkway behind her. Sleepy locked eyes with me and began to
shake his head frantically.

“I’m sorry, Mrs. Blessed, do you mind doing a portion of the interview
out here?”

“That would be fine,” she said with a warm smile. “What do you want to
ask me?”

I pointed to Sleepy, who was already rolling. “Can you just greet us
again and invite us in for the camera? Just look directly at him when
you answer.” I expected her to bring it, and she did.

“Okay… Hello! My name is Cathy Blessed, wife and partner to Kevin
Blessed. It’s wonderful seeing you! I’m so glad you guys came, come on
in! My husband and I really put a lot of work into this, and I can’t
wait to show you around.”

“Me neither! You said that you’re his partner in this project as well?
Can you explain to me your involvement in this project? Are you also a
diver?”

“No, diving isn’t for me. My passion is carpentry and interior design.”

“Wow, really? A woman in construction? I love to see it!”

“Yeah, I build houses. I love to create homes for people. And I love
laying out homes in ways that I haven’t seen before and adding little
things to my own dream home. This is a school, so not a home, but more a
community center for tiny people—which in many ways is like a home for
their hearts.”

“Ooh, wow, thank you. That was perfect!” It was clear to me that she had
rehearsed this as she kept going.

“Thank you. As you can probably imagine, I wasn’t exactly 100% on board
with the idea of doing this when my husband first pitched the idea to
me. Mainly because it was particularly difficult for me to build such an
outdated floor plan. But my husband and I were able to come to an
agreement on his vision and create something that is honestly truly
amazing.”

“That’s amazing! So, take me through the process of renewing a building
that sat on the bottom of the lake?”

“Well, as you can probably imagine, much of the original build was
completely unusable. It was made mostly of brick and wood that was badly
waterlogged. However, my husband was able to salvage a few good chunks
of wood and some bricks as well using a special secret trick that I
helped him develop. We kept what we could and we have incorporated them
in some creative ways into this new, reimagined building. Like this
section of bricks making up the walkway leading to the front office and
beyond.”

It was a beautiful stone walkway that had some kind of rubbery, shiny
finish to it. But despite the ordinary nature of this school hallway,
just like the outside of the building, the inside felt off. Looking into
that hallway, I felt a sudden, sharp pang of claustrophobia. The ceiling
seemed unnervingly low, as if it had been designed for smaller people.
The scale felt even more off against Mrs. Blessed’s shapely frame.
Sleepy looked at me and subtly shook his head no.

“These parts of the building almost look like they are lost in time, and
they are some of my favorite spots. We also took the opportunity to
reimagine it for 2008 and the years beyond, future-proofing it for
children who will undoubtedly be walking its halls in the 2010s
onwards.”

“Wow, you guys are really putting a lot into this!”

“Yeah, so much so that we have been living here.”

“Really, you’ve been living here?”

“Yes, the downstairs, cafe and auditorium are set up for guests. The
upstairs, however, has been set up as a small condo for us to live in
for the time being.”

“Wow,” I said, genuinely impressed by their commitment. “Have you
started on building the dream home?”

“No, not yet. It’s our goal to sell this school to the state and get
approved to do a couple more renewal projects first. If we can get that
going, then maybe we can start.”

“Well, it certainly is a beautiful building. Does your husband often get
you into unique living situations?”

“Yes. He loves restoring historical buildings. He’s an architect for a
major construction firm, but he’s made quite a bit of money in his free
time flipping homes and creating art pieces around Rome, Savannah,
Athens, and really all over the South.”

“And now you’re here. Where would you rank this place?”

Mrs. Blessed hesitated, then she sighed. “That’s hard to say. His builds
keep getting better, and this is his personal favorite yet. But… I have
to say, this is my least favorite place we’ve worked on by far.”

“Oh, really? Why is that?”

“It’s just… It’s been a frustrating process getting to the end of this
project. A lot of things happened to make this chaotic and stressful.
It’s been a lot of sleepless nights. I cried a couple of times and I
didn’t know if I was going to make it to the end of this, but somehow it
all came together.”

Then, I took a chance and said the quiet part out loud. “This place
isn’t haunted, right?”

“No… God no… I… I haven’t noticed anything… But… Well… We hired some
contractors and had friends over to help. They all claimed to hear the
sound of children.”

Sleepy’s whole body was practically vibrating with nerves now. He kept
shaking his head, pleading with his eyes for us to leave. Ignoring him,
I took the first step inside.

****** Authers note*****
Hello, thanks for reading my story! If you made it this far and want
some more the rest of the story is here.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OvTYKoARymjmYRFiS7wIPhYuTdpP2IgEoBiWOYINH34/edit?usp=sharing
