For a while, I worked as a contractor for an insurance company. I’d do
one day cyberssecurity assessments of their vendors. Most of the time,
this required me to fly somewhere then fly back the next day, sometimes
twice a week.

It was alienating and surreal. My days were the same, but the details
changed. TPA, silver Hyundai. Holiday Inn. SFO, white Ford, Extended
Stay. I had checklists, reports, schedules and timesheets that
constantly reminded me that I wasn’t really in control of my days. I was
in a fog.

I complained to my boss and he got me a few assessments that I could
drive to. On nice days, I’d ride my motorcycle. One of these was in
Scranton, PA on a Thursday. I didn’t have another gig until Tuesday, so
I decided to add a day or two of a road trip. I’d ride around rural
Pennsylvania on my own schedule. I finished the assessment right after
lunch and started West on Route 6.

It started out as a great ride. Once out of the Scranton suburbs, it was
just rolling hills, undulating pavement and little slices of Americana.
Little Pennsylvania towns with varying levels of wear and
tourist-friendlieness used Rt 6 as their backbone.

I stopped when I wanted to. I stopped for water, or to read or just walk
around and look at stuff. I soon realized that I wasn’t exuding cool, I
was exuding sweat. The weather was hotter than I expected and I had
chosen my outfit poorly. I had brought a thick leather jacket instead of
a mesh riding jacket. I also had kept my (now soaked) dress shirt and
tie on.

By the early evening, I decided to stop at a scenic overlook and figure
out where I was going to find a hotel. I wanted rustic, local and close
to food & drink. I find an appropriate place about three towns over.
It’s a 50’s motel, but pretty. It’s walking distance to three
restaurants and two bars. Sold.

I put my phone away and look at the hills and the setting sun. I’m
looking at the blinking lights on the row of windmills to the south.
They’ve been installed on the tops of forested hills. It’s quiet enough
to hear breeze and the ticking sound a motorcycle engine makes when it’s
cooling. Watching all the lights blink in unison makes me wonder about
how they’re networked, since it’s clear they’re all synching time. I
consider what else they’re sending back to the control center.

“They move, sometimes”

I’m startled out of my reverie. There’s a thin, older man right standing
next to me, looking in the direction of the hills. He and his clothes
are well worn. Initially, the dark jacket and pants with a light colored
shirt with a banded collar make me think he’s Amish, but he doesn’t have
a beard. He’s wearing a cross with a circle on top, made out bone or
ivory, hanging from a crude rope or twine.

He’s not really talking to me, just in my presence. He doesn’t
acknowledge me and he’s not making much sense. The word salad seems
rehearsed. I back away from him and get on my bike. I break eye contact
with him when I’m putting on my helmet. I look up and he’s right in
front of me, wide-eyed.

“BEWARE WHEN THEY MOVE AND THE EARTH TREMBLES”

I start my bike and get out of there. I don’t see the guy in my rear
view. After a few hundred feet back to the main road, I stop and look
back. I still don’t see him, but I decide to put more distance between
us.

Ten minutes later, I’m in a small town in McKean County. A quick circuit
shows a four block downtown. One in three storefronts are vacant. The
motel is as shown. Six units behind a three story house. I find a door
labeled “Hotel” and walk into a room with a tiny counter, a rack of
brochures and a grandfather clock. Somewhere beyond that counter, a
novice is playing scales on a piano. I find and press a doorbell button
taped to the counter.

Two minutes later, an older woman is handing me a well worn pair of keys
on a ring with a green plastic disc. She points to a door in the house.

“Go up the stairs and your room is on the right”

“I’d prefer one of the motel rooms out back.”

“They’re all booked. This is a better room, anyway”

I smile, go out into the empty parking lot, unpack my bike and carry my
things upstairs.

The room’s fine as it was in 1953. A noisy fluorescent lightbulb reveals
yellow and black tile and no bathtowels. I do a rest-stop wash and
change into a t-shirt and jeans, grab my road book and go downstairs.
The music practice has stopped and there’s no response to my doorbell
button pushing.

Fine. I hope to find cold beer and something to eat. A few minutes
later, I’m in a bar. Wood paneling, mounted hunting, bowling and hockey
trophies on the walls. A beer is in front of me, but the kitchen is
closed today. By the bottom of my second drink, I’m in a conversation
with two other patrons. We’ve talked weather, road conditions and moved
to tasteless jokes. They’re greatly amused by my “what’s the difference
between a dumpster full of bowling balls and a dumpster full of dead
babies?” joke.

Answer: You can’t use a pitchfork to unload the bowling balls.

Another round and all six occupants of the bar, bartender included, are
laughing and having a good time.

I address the entire bar:

“I had a strange thing happen to me on my way here today. I pulled off
the road and this crazy preacher type guy yelled some things, then ran
off. I wonder what that was all about”

It’s an 80’s movie trope, where there’s a record scratch sound followed
by silence and hard stares. The jukebox was a CD model so it wouldn’t
make that sound, but the air changed in that moment. The patrons found
more remote seats and the bartender kept his eyes on me. I picked up my
book, put more than enough cash on the bar and walked out.

A quick Google search told me of a new brew pub a few blocks away. I
made my way there. It was fairly busy, so I sat at the bar and ordered a
more filling meal, the rural Pennsylvanian answer to the Southern
meat-and-three sides. Here it was meat (sausage) and three starches
(pierogi, mashed potatoes and fries). Sadly, they were trying to be too
fancy with the brewery side. IPA does not need bergamot and a Pilsner is
not improved with apricot. I read my book, sip my beer and I guess
they’re trying to be trendy here. I realize I’m one of the last
remaining customers as the bartender asks if I need anything else as
she’s cleaning the bar. I ask to settle up. As I pay, I ask her if the
cross with circle is a local symbol. She asks for clarification and I
draw it on the back of the credit card receipt. She smiles.

“That’s crazy. I’ve never seen that”

I thank her and make my way out of the place. I’m about two blocks from
the motel, but it takes me a moment to get directions from my phone. I
glance inside the brew pub and see the bartender showing the receipt to
an older man.

I start walking down empty streets. I stop at the town movie theater.
Looks like 1930’s design but run down. A placard in the box office reads
something about a plan to restore it to its former glory. The bottom of
the placard has the town name and a slogan:

A town on the move!

I’m back at the motel. Looks like the motel guests have arrived. The
parking lot has a bunch of touring motorcycles and people are hanging
out in the rooms. Many of them are wearing vests, but in the dark, I
can’t tell if they’re 1% bikers or just cosplaying. I enter the dark
building. Nobody’s at the front desk, but there is a basket full of cut
up old towels with a sign that reads “Please don’t use bath towels to
clean your motorcycle. Use these instead”

I grab a stack of the cut up towels to shower and climb the stairs to my
room.

Someone’s been here. They opened up my saddlebags, pulled out my work
laptop and clothing. Nothing seems to be gone. Sadly, they didn’t bring
any towels, so I’m going to have to shower with old motorcycle rags. I
push a heavy chair in front of the door and take my shower.

I’m at least clean. I’m decently dry with the ripped up towels. One of
my saddlebags has a hidden compartment with spare cash and a dagger.
They didn’t find it. I put it under the pillow, then pack up everything
in case I need to quickly leave.

I contemplate leaving, but I’ve been drinking, I’m tired and I’d rather
get some sleep before having to get out of here. I push the bed to keep
the chair in place. If someone comes in, they’ll have to come through
the window.

I try to read for a bit, but I drift off to sleep.

I wake up to an annoying buzzing sound and a flickering light. It takes
me a second to see that it’s the bulb in the bathroom. I get up and go
into the bathroom and find the switch. Despite the position of the
switch, the light keeps flickering.

Two minutes later, I find and remove the lamp’s starter. No noise, but
no light. That’s not a problem yet.

It’s still dark, but I see red light above in the skylight. It’s frosted
glass, so I can’t see the source clearly. I find my glasses and poke my
head out of the bedroom window. There’s a bright, pulsing red light
outside, brighter towards the south.

That’s not the only thing outside. There are about five people standing
on the sidewalk on the other side of the street.

I quickly get dressed and shove the rest into my saddlebags. I put my
jacket, helmet and gloves on, then crawl out the window. I can walk on
the roof to the back of the house, then I’ll figure a way down.

The light is brighter now, like it’s dawn, but in a “Canada’s on fire
again” red. I’m at the back of the house. I can climb down onto a shed
like structure, then it’s six feet to the ground.

Before I clamber down to the shed, I look out. I see a few of the guests
in the motel part stirring. I also see the source of the light. I see
about eight or ten pulsing lights, bright enough to lighten the sky.

Somehow the windmills got a lot brighter.

I stand on the shed, then drop to the ground with a grunt. I’ll be sore
later. I jog over to my bike and start strapping the saddlebags on.

One of the motel guests waddles over to me.

“Hey, buddy, get off that bike”

I’m fumbling with the padlock on the front brake disc while an older man
in underwear is standing too close to me and grabbing at my shoulder.

I toss the padlock aside and put the key in the ignition. I’m struggling
to get the kickstand up so I can start it. Motel guy has decided to
punch me to get me to stop.

Kickstand up, clutch in, hit the starter.

ke-ke-ke

Vrooom!

I release the clutch and rev the throttle. I’m kicking parking lot
gravel and get halfway across the parking lot.

Motel guy is stunned, but I see people running towards me. I consider
warning someone, but I don’t know who is friendly, so I take the
coward’s way out and cut across the lawn onto the street. I look back
and see people running towards me in the red light.

I rip down Main Street, then find my way back to the road back to Rt 6.

Towards the red light. I can’t tell if it’s my riding or something else,
but the lights are swaying.

Behind me, I hear and feel a rumble. I’ve felt an earthquake and a barge
full of jet fuel explode. This feels familiar. I feel heat on my back
and everything in my rear view mirrors is bright red.

I make it back to Rt.6 and I don’t know if I’m riding west or east.
Maybe fifteen miles pass and I see a municipal park. I hide my bike
behind a shed, take off my gear and roll up my jacket as a pillow. I
doze for a little bit. In my exhausted state, I think I hear sirens and
more flashing lights.

I’m woken up by a woman wearing an uniform shining a flashlight in my
face. A quick negotiation happens and I agree to never sleep in the town
park again in exchange for no vagrancy charge. I get back on the bike
and find a cafe.

Two cups of coffee, two eggs and a slab of scrapple cooked on the grill,
rather than deep fried and I’m almost human. I can pay a bit of
attention to my surroundings.

The TV news and other cafe patrons are talking about a natural gas
pipeline rupture nearby. The pictures on the TV show the small town I
was in last night.

I pay my bill and leave without a comment. Outside the cafe, I plot a
ride back home that gets me on the highway as quickly as possible.

I got home and sort of forgot my trip. I filed my reports and took on
more work that required airplanes and chain hotels.

About two weeks later, I unpacked my saddlebags.

In the secret pocket of one of them, I found an expired registration &
insurance document and a hand carved cross with a round ball on top. A
rough rope made out what could be hair could make it a necklace.

Right now, it’s hanging from the same hook all my conference badges hang
from. I can’t do anything with it, but I can’t throw it out, either.

I haven’t gone north of Allentown or west of Lancaster since that trip.
Maybe I shouldn’t explore the rest of Pennsylvania.
