There was no warning. No deafening noise. No brilliant flash of light.
They all just appeared - hunched over, emaciated, and covered in
translucent, pale red skin. Only those who stayed indoors lived to see
the desert sun rise.  

We call it the deadtide. I was sixteen when it first rolled into White
Rock. 

I dream about that night a lot. 

Mom had just pulled into the driveway. Twilight faded overhead, drip by
golden drip. Dad waved at her through the foyer window. She smiled, shut
the trunk, gathered the groceries, and began walking towards the front
door.  

She was so close. Just a few steps away.

The sun fully set. 

Instantly, they were there. 

Men. Women. Even children. I witnessed at least a dozen of them blink
into existence on my street, but they had materialized all over town.

Dad mumbled some meaningless half-words. I placed my trembling hand on
the window. The glass was cold but alive, crackling with the phantom
caress of static. 

The closest one stood motionless in the middle of the street. Ribs
jutted from his clay-colored chest. The oily brown hair blanketing his
upper back was tangled like a thorn bush.  His eyes were gray and
downcast, perpetually fixed on the sand between his gaunt feet. Then,
while the rest of him stayed perfectly still, the first two fingers of
his right hand began suddenly elongating, launching across the asphalt
with impossible speed. 

Mom dropped the groceries and started to run.

My pulse grew wild. Each frantic heartbeat seemed to rattle my teeth. I
beckoned to her, wailed for her to run faster, but she wasn’t looking,
she couldn’t seem to hear me. The fingers coiled up her back, curved
around her neck, and latched onto her cheek, pinching her skin between a
pair of long, jaundiced fingernails; the sickly fangs of a hellish
viper. 

Her expression twisted into something feral. A raw, animalistic
contortion of lips and creases. Her gaping mouth rippled, but I heard no
scream. 

Then, like a fishing line being reeled in, the fingers retracted. 

The force ripped her off her feet. She was briefly airborne. 

Her hip crashed against the sidewalk, but I heard no painful THUMP, no
shattering of bone, nothing at all.

Because the silence never wavers once the sun sets. That’s how we came
up with its name. It’s an invisible current that surges through our
town, swallowing everything in its path, silencing anything caught under
its swell. 

A deadtide. 

Mom was dragged with such reckless effort, her body skidding across the
road, and yet, her skin never broke. No, her cheek stretched. Once at
his side, she hung from the man’s grasp like a burlap sack, her cheek
skin stretching almost a foot above her jawbone. Her eyes vanished
within the tented skin, leaving a pair of black eyeholes that made her
face look like an empty mask. Being caught in the tide changes a person.
Their skin becomes elastic, and they can’t seem to bleed, no matter how
roughly they’re handled. 

Tears streamed down my cheek.  

The way she thrashed, the helpless ferocity of it all, it was just too
much.

I burst from the window and bolted towards the front door.

Dad was too quick. 

He dashed ahead of me and barricaded the door with his body. I battered
him. Screamed at him to do something while slamming clenched fists into
his stomach. Begged him to let me through. Eventually, exhaustion set
in. I slumped to the floor and fell asleep in his arms.

And while I slept, the deadtide rolled on. 

Dad stayed awake and watched it unfold. 

The pale red bodies dragged their writhing victims due south under the
moonlight. They lurched together in perfect lock-step. A silent,
synchronized convoy disappearing into the horizon with its human cargo. 

Dawn arrived. 

Sound made an unceremonious return; a strong wind howled across the
vacant streets, lifting coils of sand from the asphalt.

Far as anyone could tell, they were gone.

The town was still. 

Everyone was desperate to leave, but no one was brave enough to be the
first. 

Our neighbor’s door slowly creaked open. 

Lily inched over the threshold, glassy-eyed, still in her pajamas, the
navy blue ones with the cartoon circus lions on them. A few strands of
frizzy brown hair hung in the air like someone had just rubbed a balloon
against her head. She called out to her parents, who were both long gone
by then. Jim and Denise were Mom’s best friends, and Lily was a sweet,
energetic girl. We knew them all very well. 

Everyone watched as she trudged across the asphalt, alone, confused,
frightened, but unharmed. The deadtide hadn’t hesitated to take children
the night before. 

That was enough proof. 

Like someone had fired a starter pistol, people exploded from their
homes all at once. Wild-eyed parents ushered startled toddlers into
vans. The more religiously inclined fell to their knees in the street
and offered clasped hands to the sky, pleading for mercy, apologizing
for whatever transgression had warranted such a biblical massacre. Dad
sprang into action. He leaped out the door, pushed through the mob,
scooped Lily into his arms, brought her inside, and told me to keep an
eye on her. We watched TV on the couch while he went back out and tried
to control the hysteria. 

“We can’t just leave - “ I heard him shout. 

“There have to be others like Lily. Kids, old people, the sick. Not
everyone can get out of town right this second, and nobody knows for
sure that they’re not coming back.” 

Some listened, but most of those who could leave were leaving, come hell
or high water, though they promised to send help when they reached
Tucson. 

When all was said and done, only a quarter of the town remained. 

As the sun dipped in the sky, we fortified our locked doors with
bookcases and heavy tables. A futile measure, but it gave us something
to do.

Right as the sun fully set, the deadtide rolled in. 

The red bodies materialized and lurched silently through the streets.
They migrated south exactly as they had the night before, eyes at their
feet, never looking up, never attempting to gain entry to anyone’s home.
Dad’s relief was palpable, but short-lived. Although I’m thankful for
his attention to detail, his discovery was devastating. Some small part
of me wishes he had never noticed. 

The procession was slightly larger. 

They were there. All of them. Everyone who had evacuated earlier that
day was now walking amongst them, clay-skinned, starved, and hollow.

But Mom was nowhere to be seen. 

- - - - -

The following morning, I woke up to find Dad on the couch.

He was staring out the window, gently rubbing the back of a snoring
Lily. I approached him carefully; there was a cold emptiness in his
bloodshot eyes that set me on edge. 

“Glad you’re up,” he said, gaze still anchored to the glass. “I’ll be
leaving in a bit to organize a meeting. You’ll stay here and look after
Lily.” 

“What? No! No. I can help. I need to help.”

His shoulders tensed, but he did not respond. 

Heat collected in the pit of my stomach.

“Why the hell would I stay? Just for her? She’s not…” 

His head snapped towards me. The coldness melted away, revealing
something truly volcanic. 

“She’s not what Adam?” 

I considered keeping my mouth shut. 

I didn’t. 

“She’s…she’s not ours*!*” I shouted.

The proclamation echoed through our home. 

Movement drew my attention away from Dad. A single blue eye peeked out
from the kid’s chestnut curls. She sniffled. My stomach twisted. The
couch leather squeaked as she rotated herself away. Lily nestled against
the cushion, pushing her face into the back of the couch like she was
attempting to burrow inside the fabric. 

Dad sighed. He stood, tucking the fleece blanket around her before
turning back to me. 

“Listen…there is no ours and yours, there’s just us. We’re all one big,
unified thing. Caring for her is just another way of caring for all of
us.”

I nodded. 

A bitter smile crept across his lips. He was about to pass by, but he
paused. His breaths were heavy. 

“You know what? I think Mom taught me that.” 

- - - - -

Dad and the other survivors convened in a small amphitheater where stage
plays had been performed before the tide. 

After some deliberation, everyone agreed that the most logical next step
was to involve some outside authorities. We’d lost our chief of police
that first night, as well as a sizable chunk of our officers, but the
few who remained knew the proper channels to contact the Tucson PD. 

“I mean, who knows? Might end up being overkill. Someone outside of
White Rock must have noticed people are missing.” There was a brightness
in his voice, a tenuous optimism. I clung to it. 

The sun set. 

The tide rolled in. 

For a while, the night was silent.

I woke up to a series of piercing screams erupting from the guest
bedroom. 

Lily was having a night terror; the first of many. I threw a pillow over
my head, but it barely muffled her shrieks. Fear gnawed at my chest;
lacerating throbs of pain, like my heart was pumping fiberglass instead
of blood. 

Would the noise alert them? 

I imagined those fingers bursting into my bedroom and dragging me away
with those sickly yellow nails. I considered what it might feel like to
have my skin stretch like rubber, expanding until I eventually
disappeared inside myself. 

But they never came. 

And with Dad’s help, Lily settled. 

The following afternoon, Detective Wilms arrived at our doorstep. 

He was a thick man with a shit attitude and bagel crumbs adorning his
unkempt mutton chops. Given his level head, it was determined that Dad
would speak to the detective. He vastly undersold the circumstances, of
course. All he said was that Mom and “a few” others had gone missing.
From there, he just had to keep Wilms preoccupied until sunset. 

Nobody was sure what would happen after Wilms saw the deadtide. 

For all we knew, reports of the preternatural threat would rise through
the ranks of the FBI, and White Rock would be swiftly nuked off the face
of the earth in the name of containment. Even that seemed better than
doing nothing, though. 

But Wilms proved difficult to pin down. 

He seemed firmly uninterested in the situation. Eyes glazed over,
expression vacant, memory worse than a concussed goldfish. Despite
reiterating our cover story multiple times, he kept asking questions
like: 

“Wait, so…who went missing?” 

The sky darkened. 

The scent of vanilla and burnt wood hung heavy in the foyer. Dad and
Wilms stood by the window, debating who should be drafted to the Arizona
Cardinals over tumblers of expensive scotch. 

The sun finally set. 

The tide rolled in. 

Sweat beaded on Dad’s forehead. Silence descended around us like an
avalanche. Wilms stared into the blackness, a blackness littered with
shambling red corpses. 

We waited.

And then, he smiled.

He patted his bulging gut and said:

“Well, I should probably ship off. Thanks for the drink.”

The color dissolved from Dad’s shellshocked face. 

Wilms couldn’t see the tide. 

And before Dad even realized the danger, Wilms already had his hand on
the knob. 

He flung the front door open. The smell of a storm wafted in from the
night, dense and electric. 

Dad leaped back, throwing his arms up defensively, expecting an
onslaught. 

But nothing came through the door. 

Halfway through the threshold, Wilms paused, cocking his head. 

“I’ll uh…I’ll get back to you about…”

He thought for a moment, eyes darting around the room. 

“What we…uh…discussed today.”

The door slammed shut. 

Wilms stumbled to his car, got in, and drove off. He almost hit one of
the red bodies, but at the last possible moment, they launched back,
flattened themselves onto the road and narrowed their frame. The car
sped right over them. A second later, they jerked upright and continued
trudging south. 

We never saw Wilms again. 

- - - - -

Time, much like the tide, proved relentless and indifferent. Despite
feeling frozen at the epicenter of some quiet apocalypse, the minutes
still ticked forward. Day turned to night, night turned to day. Life
went on.

So, eventually, we did too.

Lily moved in with us and became my unofficial stepsister. Dad continued
to help coordinate survival efforts, and the town as a whole abandoned
the notion that anyone on the outside could help us.

Dad spoke with Wilms on the phone a few days after his visit. He had no
recollection of White Rock. None at all. And when he finally convinced
Wilms to come back a second time, the detective claimed he couldn’t
“figure out how to get there”. Dad pleaded for him to elaborate, but he
got flustered and hung up. 

Friends and relatives were much the same. We could reach them by
telephone. They’d remember us, but that memory would quickly turn out to
be both vague and fleeting. One minute they’d understand who they were
talking to, the next they’d have no fucking clue, and more often than
not, that amnesia evoked some disturbing rage. Calls would frequently
end with the person on the other line blaring profanities, sobbing
uncontrollably, or screaming like a banshee. It was like we were on the
precipice of complete erasure, but we hadn’t yet been pushed over the
edge, and that “in-between-ness” seemed to incite a primal fear for
those outside of White Rock. 

A strange new normal developed while we waited for the tide to finally
pass.

Lily and I grew close. Memories were made: peaceful dinners with weak
laughter, pleasant soccer games under the Arizona sun, movie nights with
blinds hanging low on every window. 

Things certainly weren’t perfect. The tide wore on everyone’s psyche
differently. 

Some freely gave themselves it. Left their homes in the night, silently
and usually without warning, never to be seen again. Didn’t happen
often, but it happened enough times to earn a slang term. It was a
clumsy euphemism, but most felt it was more appropriate for polite
conversation than stating the blunt truth of the matter. 

“Oh, you haven’t heard about Marie? Couldn’t take it anymore. She
got sunk*…”* 

Lily’s night terrors became progressively more intense. Sometimes they’d
last for hours. Other times, she’d make these bizarre noises; rhythmic
clicks and grunts that would turn her cheeks red from how vigorously she
would vocalize. 

Hundreds of nights came and went without incident.

There was never any siege, and as long as people remained inside, nobody
was harmed. Call me naive, but the phenomenon started to seem more like
a natural disaster than an apocalypse. We were just in the wrong place
at the wrong time and got swept up into something we could never
understand. 

Two years later, and we’re still here. Not much has really changed. 

Until tonight.

- - - - -

Dad was lounging on the couch with a book. Lily tends to get a little
stir-crazy before bed, so I was doing my best to wear her down. 

She loves playing the flying trapeze.

“Okay - now across the tight rope!” I called out. 

She tiptoed across a line of ties I’d laid on the floor, wobbling,
feigning nervousness. Being the rambunctious little goblin she is, Lily
pretended to slip from the tight rope, and she came crashing to the
floor. After I tended to her fake injuries, she deemed herself ready
to “return to circus life”, which involved her doing manic cartwheels
around the living room. 

I smiled, cheering her on. 

There was a rush of motion behind me. Dad leaned over and whispered
something in my ear. 

“Get your sister upstairs - now.” 

I turned to him. A familiar emptiness had hollowed out his bloodshot
eyes, but he wasn’t looking at me.

Nausea skittered up the back of my throat.

Despite the painful apprehension, I followed his gaze. 

He was staring out the window. 

The red bodies were marching due south in perfect lockstep, same as they
had every other night, but with one key difference. 

Their eyes weren’t fixed on the ground. Their heads were upright, and
they were shifting side-to-side, still in absolute synchrony with each
other,

left to right, 

right to left,

left to right.

Air fled violently from my lungs. 

“Jesus Christ…” I muttered. 

“Don’t think about it. Just go, and try to act calm. I’ll start
barricading the doors.” 

I staggered to my feet. 

“A-alright kiddo, time for bed.” 

Lily tumbled out of a cartwheel, panting from exertion. 

“Did you…did you see how many I did?” 

I nodded, grabbed her hand, and guided her up the stairs, careful to
keep her pointed away from the window. 

Much as I tried not to look, I could still see them in the corners of my
vision.

Their starved red bodies marched down the street, but their ravenous
gray pupils followed Lily’s every movement. Even when she was upstairs,
away from any windows. 

And if you looked really, really closely. 

You could see their fingers, 

vibrating in the moonlight. 

- - - - -

We’re not gone.

We’re all 

still out here, 

and the tide’s

shifting. 

Please, for the love of God,

remember us.
