I armed myself with rubber gloves, a miniature Lysol spray in one
pocket, and a miniature Purell Advanced hand-sanitizer in the other. I
left my car, clicked the lock on the keys seven times, like always, not
just because I was in a bad neighborhood, and I strode, not speed
walked, not ran to the motel steps. Around me, all the activities that
occurred in a $40 dollar per night motel went on; essentially, chaos.

Multiple songs played on bass-heavy speakers, as if the sounds were
competing with one another. Motel guests and passerbys walked in and out
of their rooms, casually chatting and smoking. The smoke was as diverse
as the audience, the puffs could carry anything from the smell of weed,
cigarettes, or meth’s metallic scent across the parking lot and every
patio. 

A gentleman with a shirt reading ‘Ready to Die’ on it,  stepped in front
of the steps I was supposed to go up.

“Hey, man, can I borrow $5 just to get something to eat?” He said his
thick beard stretched past his neck.

“Yes, of course.” And of course, preparing for this, I brought out a few
bills from my pocket: three fives, three tens, and three twenties to be
precise. I gave him one five. He took it quickly and then eyed the rest.
He opened his mouth, perhaps to ask for more. 

“Sorry,” I said and scooted past him and then ran up the white
paint-chipped stairs. Each stepped clang announcing my fears to the
building. “I need to meet my friend, and it’s a bit of an emergency.”

I heard the gentleman yell not to me but to a friend. The error of
flashing cash to someone who might be desperate to steal didn’t occur to
me. Going a little faster than my previous brisk walk, I searched for
room 203. Found it. Thankfully, the room my friend was supposed to stay
in only smelled like cigarettes. 

I knocked once on the door.

“Hey, man,” the gentleman who I gave money to downstairs called to me.
“Come down here for a second, I want to talk to you.” Peeking out from a
pillar was the foot of someone hiding.

I refused the man’s call and knocked on the door faster.

“Hello,” I said to the door. “It’s me.”

“Come down here, man. We just wanna talk.” The gentleman said again.

I knocked perhaps ten times in three seconds. The lock unlatched, and
the door swung open. A pregnant prostitute walked out to greet me.

I made two promises to myself before I came. 

1.  I would help Walt in any way I could. 
2.  I would be a good sport and not be weird about his current standard
    of living 

The woman, perhaps my host for the weekend, took a drag of her
cigarette. 

“Belly on or belly off?” she said. 

“Um, I’m here to see Walton Walter.” 

Her eyes went wide, and the cigarette fell from her mouth. 

“Oh my gosh,” she said, “I’m so sorry.” She grabbed the side of her
stomach and pulled it apart, unleashing a terrible tearing sound.

“Ma’am, you don’t have to do that,” I said, freaking and considering
running to the fellas on the first floor. “Ma’am, what are you doing?” 

She tossed her belly aside. It was a strapped-on piece of plastic. 

She cringed and shrugged her shoulders,” Sorry, we serve some real
freaks here. You’ve got to have a specialty to make it.”

I held back my vomit by remembering my promise.

“I know all this must be tough for you,” she said. “You weren’t supposed
to see that. I’m Walt’s sister, Whitney. He said you were coming
Friday.” 

I took off my glove and extended my hand for her to shake. Timidly, she
accepted. 

“It is Friday,” I said.  “I’m Raven by the way.”

She whipped her head back to yell at a blob covered in blankets in the
furthest bed in the room.

“Walt,” she said. “It’s Friday.” 

“No way,” the man, my old friend, Walt, said beneath the covers, very
groggy.

Whitney yanked up the fake belly, hoisted it above her head, and threw
it at her brother.

“Yes, Walt,” she said. “We need to clean up.” 

Walt groaned and didn’t move.

Whitney dashed inside, grabbed a metal bat resting beside the bed, and
raised it over Walt, ready to strike.

“Get up and stop embarrassing me,” she whispered through gritted teeth.

“No,” Walt said. “I’m sleepy.

“Walt, I will beat your head in. I swear to God.”

“No, you won’t. You love me.”

Whitney howled before placing the bat right back to where it was.

She rustled around and came back out with a container of bright yellow
wipes for cleaning. An audible sigh of gratitude escaped from me loud
enough for Whitney to notice as she got to wiping the doorknob. 

“I’m sorry our place isn’t cleaner. Walt told me you’re really
particular about cleanliness. Did you ever get tested for OCD?” 

Walter… 

There was nothing wrong with having a high standard for cleanliness and
order. Walt seemed to think I was disordered, though. 

“No,” I said. 

“It’s cool if you have it. No problem, I’m going to go to school to be a
psychologist.” 

“Oh,” I said, too shocked and then regretting my surprised face. 

Whitney must have read it. She dug into her role as a cleaner, wiping
the now already clean doorknob. 

“Yeah, sorry about all this. We’re just going through some challenges.
The bathroom also isn’t working, but there’s one downstairs.” Whitney
said again. “We don’t live like this normally. It’s just how we live for
now.” 

“That’s not necessary.’ I said, bringing her to her feet. “None of this
is necessary. Your brother, exaggerated, I can make do with anything.
And I’d love to hear more about your program. My wife has a PHD in
psychology.” 

“Really? That’s awesome. Is she coming? I’d love to meet her and pick
her brain.”

“No, no, she’s with someone else.”

Whitney’s eyes went huge.

“Um, another friend that is.” I corrected. 

“Enough, wife talk,” Walt called from the room, still not out of bed but
sitting up. “Enough cleaning, if Raven wants to rough it, he can rough
it. Come on in, buddy. 

I did not want to rough it. I did quite possibly have OCD. And the smell
of the place and the grime of the situation pricked every nerve in my
body. But this day was not about me. Walter had just been dumped from
his ten-year relationship and was forced to live with his struggling
sister. I came to support him in any way I could, and the gentleman from
before made his way upstairs to meet me. So I did go in and made sure to
lock the door after.

As the day went on, I found out that when Walt’s sister was entertaining
Johns Walt had to hide under the bed as security, and that was now his
only means of employment. 

As the day went on and the drinks poured, I found out Walt was somehow
happier in life than I was.

Six drinks in on his motel room floor, I sobbed. “How can you still be
happy?” 

Walt took a big swig of his drink, a Natural Light otherwise known as a
Natty Light, perhaps the grossest beer imaginable, and shrugged, “I just
take life as it comes. How are you not?” 

“Jess is leaving me,” I confessed.

“Oh, no dude, what? You’re such a good guy.” 

“Not good enough.” 

“How’d she tell you? Vicky just tossed me out one day. Said I was too
chaotic.” 

Whitney and I exchanged glances.

“Well, I’m not saying she was wrong,” Walt said and finished off his
beer. “But about you and Jess.”

“Well, she didn’t yet.”

“Oh, no,” Whitney said. “You caught her cheating?”

“Well, no. She’s just becoming disinterested in me.”

“Have you tried not being boring?” Walt suggested.

“No, um, I’m a bit resigned to my fate. It will happen. The stats line
up.”

Now the brother and sister exchanged glances.

“Your life’s more than stats, though,” Walter said.

“Not, really,” I said. “We’ve been on this Earth a long time. We know
how things work now. We know all reality is numbers. About 13% of
married women report cheating on their spouses. John Gottman’s research
found that emotional withdrawal and contempt predict divorce with about
93% accuracy. Studies show 65% of couples report a significant drop in
communication quality before separation.” And I went on and listed the
stats because I knew my marriage was declining. It would be over soon. I
would never be happy. And I fell asleep in misery.

I woke up to the sound of footsteps inside the room. 

Walter was gone. 

Whitney was gone. 

The metal bat that rested against the wall was gone. 

“Hello,” I asked the room. 

“Hello,” a voice that was neither Walter nor Whitney answered. “Who’s
that?” 

“Hey, can you open the door?” Another voice said from the same
direction. A direction that was opposite the front door, the bathroom
door. The door they claimed wasn’t working. 

“No, no, I don’t think that’s a good idea.” 

“Coming in,” said a voice I did recognize; Whitney’s. “Whitney?” I
asked, 

“Coming in,” she repeated. 

How many people were in the bathroom? 

“Coming in,” she said again, or was she saying come on in. Stumbling in
the dark, I hesitated toward the bathroom door. I did touch the
doorknob. Warm. 

“What are you saying, Whitney?” I asked. “This is Raven.” 

“Coming in,” she said again, and I heard her more clearly this time. She
was saying, ‘coming in’. Also, her pitch and tone didn’t change at any
time. It was almost like a recording. 

“Whitney, if you want me to come in, you’re going to need to say
something different.” 

“Need… You.” Walt said from behind the door, full of pauses, full of
stumbles, yet I opened the door because that was why I was here, to help
my friend, and frankly, I had done a bad job thus far. Still
fuzzy-headed from the drinks before, I opened the door.

I stepped inside to see an ugly room, a maze of white walls, yellow
floors, and shattered glass. I stepped forward to find my friend. My
foot sank into the moist carpet. Still, I squished forward.

“Hello?” I called. 

“Hello,” someone answered, maybe a new voice. 

“I’m looking for my friend. Have you seen him? 

“Ah, come on. What’s the worst that could happen?” Walt said not far
from me. I couldn’t see him, but I heard him well enough. I raced
forward, looking for him. A wall of yellow leaped in front of me. I
bounced off of it and raced into the open space. 

“I’m coming,” I said. 

“I’ve got it,” Walt said. “Hey, Whitney, I can handle it.’’ 

“Walt, do you hear me?” I called. 

A small white light flashed beside me just outside my periphery. I
glanced back at it. 

Gone.

I pulled out my phone; maybe it flashed because of a text. No, as you
can guess, no signal. I pushed on, unfazed. The fear hadn’t reached me
yet. This was an adventure.

A moment free from the maddening structure of my own life to explore
something new. This was obvious to me as, not my world. Not my germs.
Not my crime. Not my worries. The white light appeared again beside me.
This time, I ran daring it to keep up. I’d never felt so free. When was
the last time I ran? A jog, at standard-mile pace for my age, yes. 9:35
seconds per mile in a three-mile race. However, a sprint with the
possibility of pulling a muscle? With the possibility of really putting
the air in my lungs? 95% of adults over the age of 30 never sprint, and
I fit squarely in that.

I ducked under pipes, jammed my shoulder around corners, and laughed
until exhaustion. Finally, I took a moment to catch my breath. 

The light caught up with me and seemed more than happy to stay in the
upper left, like a miniature sun lighting my way. Which I did need,
because the path ahead of me was now completely dark, with scattered
pieces of glass lying around. I considered turning around until I heard
them near me like a worm in my ear.

“I don’t think I get to be happy,” Whitney’s voice said, sounding on the
edge of tears.

“What, dude, go to bed, you’re tired?” Walter said.

“I don’t think I get to be like you.”

It felt like a confession, a conversation I should never have heard.
Yet, I had to hear it, because I had to find them anyway, not just
because I was nosy, not just because I was feeling Whitney’s melancholy
and begging Walt for his secret to happiness, too. Like that wasn’t what
I was hoping for my whole drive here, that Walter would still be the
invincible man I knew in college, and he would teach me how to be like
him.

“It’s a choice or whatever,” Walter said. “Just do it.”

“That’s so stupid. You never help me with anything.”

“Whitney…”

“Walter,” Whitney said, “My life sucks.”

“So does mine.”

“So how do you do it?”

“Do what?”

“Be happy.”

Walt took a big breath. I held mine and stood waiting, begging for the
answer.

“You just gotta let go.”

The light dropped. Lizard-like it flewdown the wall and rested at my
hip. 

A light with a body of blackness or no body at all. With eyes as big as
fists, glowing like stars and shining in the black. And a mouth of
shining teeth that felt like an unholy star, if the three wise men
followed these lights, they’d see death and hunger wrapped in swaddling
clothes and lying in a manger.

Its eyes watched my hands like a gator watches a dropping snack. Seeing
what he wanted, I swore that thing wouldn’t touch me. I leaped back,
panicking, and unfortunately flailing my arms like a madman. I tried to
regain my balance.

Snap.

It munched down on my finger, gentle pulsing teeth dug into my skin.

My finger rested in its mouth, liquid fire. I tried to wiggle it and
felt the splash of something boiling. I imagined my skin falling off,
melting into this soup. Yet, this thing was so gentle, it tugged me
forward. I shook my head. I didn’t want to go with it. Yes, it hurt me,
but maybe this creature didn’t mean to. 

“Please, please, I want to go home. Please, I don’t want to die,” the
thing said in Whitney’s voice, and its smile grew wider as my face
melted into a frown and my heart shrank. And still so gently, still with
the gentle tug of a baby holding a finger, it tugged at me, tilting its
head to make me go forward.

I stood frozen, understanding monsters do not exist.  Therefore, this
monster could not exist. Therefore, everyone would be fine.

The smiling thing imitated Whitney’s scream and the sound of her skin
sizzling like steak at a cookout on a perfect summer day.

“Okay, I’ll go with you,” I said.

The smile did not let Whitney’s scream stop; it was wet and horrible,
full of tears and agony.

“Stop,” I asked. 

It led me with its mouth, and in the maze, it felt like we walked in
circles as the smiling thing shouted commands at me from the dead.
Walking to my death, my thoughts ran back to my childhood. I imagined us
like kids holding hands in a field, spinning and chanting nursery
rhymes.

London Bridges Falling Down, Falling Down, Falling Down. 

“Left. Left. It’s coming from your left,” the smiling-thing said,
mocking what I assumed was now a dead man, and I turned left.

Broken rectangular LED lights lit up bits of the black hallway. 

London Bridges Falling Down, Falling Down, Falling Down. My Fair Lady.

“I was right. I told them. I was right, but no one listened,” it mocked
the voice of a sad child, and I turned right.

London Bridges Falling Down, Falling Down, Falling Down. 

“You were right. You were right. Oh my God. I’m sorry you were right.
Forgive me.” He mocked, and I obeyed.

As I reached the end of the hallway and the room shifted, a row of LED
lights on the floor caged something in front of me.

London Bridges Falling Down, Falling Down, Falling Down. 

“Left, she left me. They all left me.”

London Bridges Falling Down, Falling Down, Falling Down. My Fair Lady.

And there she was, behind the LED lights, at least I was pretty sure
those were her pajamas. Hello Kitty. Whitney’s face dripped off her
skull, her smile, her eyes, her kindness, all a muddy mess sliding off a
skull.  The rest of her body was grilled, brittle as paper. Flakes flew
and dropped, caught by a gust of wind and then lost.

They didn’t even bother eating her; four of those smiling things just
surrounded her and watched.

And that’s when I decided I didn’t need an index finger after all.
Pulling away, I cried as the smiling beam of light bit into me. The heat
felt like I was on fire. I ran. I ran. I couldn’t tell you how or where,
but I ran. I ran through every door until I got home and found Walter,
bat in hand. He had just finished fighting off a robbery attempt by the
guys from before.

I told him everything. 

Walter balled like a baby, crumbling but holding the bat, a zombie not
knowing he’s already dead. I knew what he was thinking. I got up and
made myself big, blocking him from the bathroom door.

“Move, Raven,” he said, blubbering.

“At least wait for the police men,” I said. I knew Walter. God Bless
Him, but follow-through wasn’t his strong suit. I knew I could talk him
out of this.

He raised his bat behind him into batting position. I stood there. Like
I said, follow-through wasn’t his strong suit. So he did not follow
through when he swung the bat on my shins; otherwise, he would have
broken something. Instead, I dropped in the second-worst physical pain
I’d ever felt. The pain only doubled when I fell right on the bone. I
flopped like a fish. Only stopping to scream into the carpet and my
face. Oh God, my face rested on the disgusting motel floor full of bugs,
which I couldn’t see, and the never steam-cleaned carpet scraped against
me like ugly short hairs. And still I screamed in there, in so much
pain.

Walter’s steps beside me shook the floor. I gave him an agonized glare
and really considered just letting him go. But that, I couldn’t do. I
grabbed his ankle.

“You’re staying here.”

“Let’s not do this again, Raven.”

“Do what again? I’m just asking you not to kill yourself.”

He raised his bat in the air again.

“Move, or it’s your hands.”

“Just leave,”  I said. “You live in a motel and I’m asking you to leave
or do anything else. How hard is that? You can’t be you there, Walt!”

In a wide arc, he swung the baseball bat firmly toward my hand. I felt
the breeze of power coming toward my hands, and all I could do was brace
myself.

And he stopped. The bat only tapped my fingers.

“You’re a good guy.”

I loosened my grip. With his free foot, Walter stomped on my fingers. In
a moment of weakness, I let him go.

“Walter!”

He did not reply, and alone he entered. He could not let Whitney go.
