I always close every door at night. Always. Especially my wardrobe door.
Then I remembered. Something happened over the course of a week when I
was a teenager. I’d forgotten all about it so I’m going to write it down
in case I forget it again. Has anyone else had a similar experience? I
just spoke with my housemate and he went very quiet then left the room
saying something about calling home. The look in his eyes— maybe
something like this happening to him too. Let’s find out how many other
people have forgotten, and more importantly, why… 

 

Once Forgotten

There they are. Watching. 

They have yet to move. Blank faces stare at me. Fear has mostly given
way to wonder. Two dark scratches stand at the end of my bed.

My eyes adjust. After three nights I still don’t understand what I’m
seeing. Shadows within shadows. My heart no longer races, yet my limbs
still refuse to co-operate. I lie paralysed, hands numb from the force
my fingers exert on the sheet clutched under my chin. The first night
that sheet didn’t even uncover my head.

What do they want? I ask myself for the hundredth time.

I have eliminated the probability that this is a dream — I am fully
lucid. Dread has seen to that. The sheet prickles over every goosebump
on my body; a tear escapes towards my already drenched pillow. Pulse
thuds in my ears. Saliva pools in the back of my throat.

Swallowing is difficult because it sounds so achingly loud and I am
trying to make no sound. Even my breathing is deafening.

I watch the silhouettes for signs of mirage. Shadows behind them move as
moonlight, breeze and trees mottle the walls, but my visitors remain
immobile — semi-solid blots against a backdrop of disorder. Just visible
through them is the shape of the wardrobe. I didn’t notice on the
previous evenings but the door is ajar.

They are there, silent, while the house settles around us in creaks and
pops and taps.

Eventually I drift into a dreamless sleep.

*

There they are again. Still watching. Waiting.

I don’t know what it is that wakes me. Perhaps I feel their presence.
Perhaps it is the chill in the air. Autumn is coming, I tell myself. The
leaves on the trees are thinning; moonlight brightens the room. The
visitors are taking shape.

One of them moves.

An arm. It lifts — a recognisably human movement — then drifts back to
their side. My insides churn. Acid in my throat burns. My breathing is
rapid and ragged.

The other moves. 

The same motion. A gesture. A hand reaching towards me then drifting
back down as if through water.

I move. And as I shift, the vertical cleft of the wardrobe door seems to
creep open a little wider. A barely audible patter, like rain on glass,
ripples in the darkness. 

The sheet is back over my head. Sleep somehow finds me through
exhaustion.

*

They are there again. Still watching. Still waiting. Moving.

The same slow salute on a loop. A synchronised gesture in my direction. 

No. 

Something has changed. It’s hard to tell but one of them has turned
away. 

They are not moving. 

Their arm is outstretched. 

Pointing to the wardrobe… 

THE DOOR IS OPEN. 

I can’t see clothes, just absolute darkness.

I am immobile. Trapped. Unless this is all in my head. A night-terror; a
waking dream from which the only escape is sleep. I plead with my mind
to take my consciousness. I am denied this kindness.

Autumn has invaded the room, the sheet useless as protection. I would
reach for a blanket but my body lies lame under whatever force cripples
it.

That gentle tap, tap, tap…from outside… or inside the room?

I allow myself to be lulled into an eventual slumber by the gentle waves
from shadowy limb.

*

I know they are there before I even open my eyes. I can feel them
watching, waiting. I wonder if they will be moving…

The tapping persists. More frantic. Stops and starts.

The blanket soothes me; I feel safer, warmer. My body feels like I have
some control over it as I shift from my side onto my back and slide the
cocoon down from my face.

A gasp escapes my mouth.

I had barricaded the wardrobe door with my chair piled with clothes. The
chair is toppled, clothes strewn across the floor. The wardrobe is wide
open behind my visitors.

My heart skips a beat then pounds in my throat.

The watchers’ actions are more fluid, more frequent, with added
agitation. The gesture itself is more precise — they are beckoning me.
Both reaching for me. Their arms raise in tandem and their fingers curl
back towards them. I look in bewilderment at my own arm outstretched,
reaching…

The warmth of the blanket becomes ice. Every inch of my flesh prickles
as every hair stands on end. But it is not the shock of my unconscious
extension which fills me with fear, it is the presence behind me.

In that moment I know it is this that wakes me, this that has been
watching, this that has been waiting… A smudge in the darkness just
behind me to my right. It is darker than shadow.

It takes all my effort to crane my neck towards it. The blemish moves.
Burrows. Lurks behind the pillow. In the walls. 

It was there on the first night, I know this now. 

A reek of menace and rot infects the room.

Panic entombs me. Every muscle in my body is on fire. I want to scream
but my ribs won’t allow it. I can barely breathe. Tears stream into my
ears. Sweat turns cold on my skin. I sob silently, convulsions racking
my body until my mind shuts down.

*

It 

is 

there.

At the end of my bed. 

So tall it touches the ceiling. 

Cloaked in a darkness. 

It has come for me.

My two guardians stand either side, unmoving, their featureless heads
hanging low.

Were they trying to save me? Was I too afraid to let them?  

As if to answer that final question the looming figure rears its
otherworldly head. It is suddenly upon me — no mouth no eyes, just utter
dark despair. It doesn’t touch me. It goes through me. It… knows me.

*

Bright Autumn sunlight stirs me from sleep. 

Sleep. I feel rested. I feel awake. I feel alive. The terrors of the
nights gone by fade into forgetting. My silent friends did not fail — I
did not fail. The darkness did not take me. I would not let it. But I
know it is there. It is always there. Hiding… Watching… 

Waiting…

WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK!? 

My housemate… is gone. 

Something took him! 

That’s the only way I can describe it. I heard him scream. I ran to see…
it was as though his body was being pushed—pulled—both?? through a hole
in mid-air. 

Bones… oh fuck the bones! 

Snapping, crunching—

Then… just… gone.

I ran back to my room and hid in the first place I could.

I made a mistake. 

I should never have written this I should never have remembered.  They
were gone. Forgotten. IT was gone. But it didnt. Forget me. Its here.
Now. I must be quiet. it knows Im here. if you’re reading this please
don’t do what I did .there’s a reason we forget. These… things, these…
beings entities, whatever you ca.l them they can only get in if you
remember . 

DONT REMEMBER! 

Fuck this keyboard is so loud but I need you alL to know . Ill keep
typing as long as I can. 

I can hear it coming, hunting me. It was silent before but now I hear
it.  Angry. Cruel. Laughing. An awful sound, not a laugh, stones
scraping together, no, bones scraping… sharp, broken, sickening. I’d
only just finished writing the story - remembering… I need to send this
out so people know. 

Im so afraidI’m afraid to look. Im afraid if I look ill be paralysed
like before but I need to see because.. because its not alone. Have my
guardians returned to protect me? I hear my name whispered feel the pull
of beckoning arms see fingers curling in the dark please help me.
please—

THEY ARE MINE

Guttural. wet. A stink of rot. Inches away. 

I can still move and type. I can run. I will run.

If youre reading this, it may be too late.

PLEASE DONT REMEMBERR! 

REMEMBERING IS THE DOORWAY—

FORGETTING IS THE LOCK!!

FORGET!!

ITS HERE INTHE ROOM 

OUTSIDE THE WARDROBE 

LAUGHING 

ANOTHER ONE IS LAUGHING A THROATFUL OF  BROKEN GLASS 

AND ANOTHERAND  ANOTHER 

TEYRE ALL LAUGHING 

INHUUMAN 

THEYFOUND ME  

LAUGHTR…

INSIIDE 

THE WARDROBE— 

 ITS… EVERYWHERE!

SAVE YOURSLEF 

GO! NOW! GO!

DONTLOOK

DONT REMEMBER

DONT REMEMBER

SHIT. SHITSHITSHIT! I CANT POST THIS. PEOPLE WILL REMEMBER

does anyone remember?

I DIDNT WRITE THAT!

SOEMTHING HAS MY ARM—

are you remembering?

THAT ISNT ME!

MY HAND—

IT WONT     LET     GO

remember

MY FINGERS! OHGOD IT RIPPED MY FINGERS O—

open the door

IM SORRY IM SOFUCKING SORRY

let

us

in

I HAVE TO RUN

I CANT STOP IT 

ITS HITTING SEND
