I was 12, living in a not so good family environment and rebelling by
always wandering off and being alone. This was my way of having peace
for just a moment, but never did I think I would regret that.

It was august, winter (Australia), my mother and older sister had forced
me to go to a big church camp, one that is held on a huge camp ground
that stretches deep into the Australian bush so they could host a few
thousand people, where over a week multiple events, workshops, and
bands, preachers and just Christians in general would come to
participate in one of the many sub tents they set up, some where for
youth, some were for adults. Tents and caravans were set up mostly in
the inner area where all the lights, performance tents and events were
happening, but if you were unlucky you’d get the spots way out near the
edge of the grounds where the bush started to take over again.

We - my sister, her friend and I were those unlucky fools. We set up
camp in an area right next to the deep forestry, with a small caravan
parked about 100 metres to our left, another small cluster of tents
about another 100+ metres to our right, and complete bush in front of
us. It was an isolated, quiet, dark section that required at least 15min
to the nearest bathrooms, 20 to the actual events. Now I honestly didn’t
mind this, I actually very much liked this because it meant I could get
away from everyone and have my own time. The people in the caravan never
moved, Infact it seemed practically abandoned, and the family to our
right were always out, it was peaceful.

One night, there was a big event in the main tent that practically
everyone wanted to see, so most tents and caravans were empty with
everyone piling around the one event tent, I of course felt this was the
perfect time to slip away and get away from everyone, so with a quick “I
feel sick” to my sister, I started to make the walk back to our site,
blasting My Chemical Romance through my earphones - and decided to stop
at the bathroom on the way back. Now the bathroom was a small brick
building with a couple of showers and stalls, the men’s were on the
other side of the building, completely separate to the women’s. It was
empty that night, but I wasn’t surprised as I was sure most people were
lining up at the main facilities.

I entered, zoned out of what was going on around me. I couldn’t have
been more than 5 min, but when I stepped out, my eyes locked onto a tall
man wearing a long black coat resting against the wall just outside the
womens bathroom. He wasnt very old, probably around his 20s, I paused
for a moment confused as to why he would be standing there, my first
thought was that he was probably waiting for his girlfriend to finish
using the bathroom - but then I remembered the bathroom had been empty,
infact, there was no one around at all, it was completely silent. I
began to walk past him, but couldn’t help turning my head to look at him
again, I guess curiosity couldn’t be helped, and that’s when his eyes
met mine and instant dread filled my body. I’ve never seen eyes like
that before, dark, dead, yet filled with this pure hatred as if he was
imagining the unspeakable. Those eyes burnt their way into my mind, and
I quickly snapped my head forward and began to speed walk to our site
wanting to get away from this man.

I walked in the dark, pausing every few moments when I heard a heavy
thud, then a shoe scuff against dirt, then a twig snap. Every time I
would spin around and see nothing but large gum trees around me. I
nervously laughed at myself, thinking about how much of a coward I was.
When I finally did reach camp, I threw myself into the tent, zipped it
up and crawled under my sleeping bag, abandoning the idea of sitting
outside and enjoying the night.

It wasn’t long until I heard the quiet yet heavy thuds of someone coming
closer to our camp, it started off fast, and then stopped, slowed,
changing directions, a few heavy feet to the right, then above me,
then - below me. I held my breath, fighting the urge to flick open my
phone and message my sister, but I was worried if it was the same man
and he knew I was there - who knows what could happen. So I stayed
silent, and after a long while the heavy footprints began to retreat
towards the left, and then there was silence. After that, I messaged my
sister and her friend asking when they would be coming back, and
thankfully they were already on their way. When they returned, I
mentioned to my sister about the man I saw and how It freaked me out the
way he stared at me, but she waved me off saying I was immature and
dramatic. So, I dropped it, and for the next two nights, nothing more
happened.

But then on the third, the man returned. I saw him, earlier in the
night, standing at the same spot, with the same look, this time he
didn’t stare at me directly, rather he side eyed me, but this time there
was something else mixed in there too. Almost like I was being observed.
Throughout most of that night I stayed at my sister’s side until we went
to bed, but of course, around 1 or 2am, I found myself unable to sleep
and needing the bathroom again. With the memory of that man fresh in my
mind though I made the decision to go in the bush rather than trekking
towards the bathroom where I had seen him alone.

I walked a few metres into the bush stomping my feet to scare away any
snakes or critters that could bite, but before I could do anything
else - a quiet thud to my right, a shrub swayed just a little, I froze
staring into the dark trying to figure out if there was a kangaroo or
something that I had startled, but instead of finding a furry rat like
creature, my eyes traveled towards a gumtree, where a figure stood
halfway behind it, as if trying to hide while simultaneously peeking. I
froze in absolute fear and shock and before I could react, it moved out
from behind the tree, taking a step closer, with a deep, whispered “Hey!
Hey?”. Now don’t ask me why, but my immediate reaction was to respond
with a stuttered “What?!”, before I turned, and ran straight back - now
you’d think, after that, I’d surely immediately wake my sister up right?
Well that was probably the smart thing to do, but instead I was so
gripped with fear that I did not want to be standing in the open dark
trying to wake my sister, so I threw myself in my tent once again and
hid. The rest of that night was silent, but I didn’t sleep a wink.

I climbed out of my tent the moment the sun rose, and found the caravan
that had been parked - almost abandoned - to our left, was gone. I told
my sister everything when she woke up, but she just scolded me for going
into the bush in the middle of the night and life moved on.

I’m 25 now, but I still see those dark hollow eyes when I try to sleep,
I don’t think I’ll ever forget them. Whoever that man was, I know he had
the worst intentions, and I simply got lucky.
