My friend Bob and I are avid campers. We’re by no means experts at
outdoor survival, but both of us like a good challenge once in a while.
About three to four times a year, we challenge each other to spend the
night at a specific campsite.

​We had never had a bad experience while camping. The closest thing to it
was the time Bob swore he heard a bear next to his tent. However, his
fear was quickly replaced with laughter as soon as he found out that
“bear” was actually a rabbit… and that there were no bears at all in
that forest.

​However, all of that changed yesterday. After my recent experience, my
outdoor adventuring career is definitely over.

​It all started a week ago when Bob challenged me to explore an abandoned
campsite called “Three Trees.” Surprisingly enough, he didn’t even ask
me to stay the night there. He just told me to find a specific spot
after walking through the forest—a spot he said was very unique, and the
exact reason why the place was named “Three Trees.”

​And the reason why the campsite was abandoned? Well, Bob’s voice became
shaky as he explained that about fifteen years ago, over thirty people
went missing at that location. Worst of all, a brutal murder was also
reported. As the story goes, three friends went camping there. While
they were walking through the woods, one of them suddenly went missing.
He returned after about an hour and met up with them again. One of his
friends stepped forward to greet him, but as soon as he did, the missing
friend pounced on him, brutally attacking him and ripping out his eyes.
The third friend ran and somehow managed to escape, but neither of the
other two were ever found. Bob also explained that when he went there to
camp with his friends, they felt super paranoid and on edge, even though
nothing was particularly wrong. As soon as they arrived at the spot that
gave the campsite its name, they figured they had had enough and decided
to just go back home instead of sleeping there.

​Bob lightened the mood a bit when he said, “You’ll laugh your ass off
when you get to the ‘Three Trees’ spot. I can’t tell ya why, but you’ll
have to trust me!”

​None of what Bob told me was frightening enough to make me want to skip
the challenge. On the contrary, it seemed easy enough and I was curious,
so I accepted. I quickly prepared for the trip. I packed the
necessities, including my expensive Swiss Army knife and a flare gun,
and I was ready to go.

​I got there at around 10 PM. I expected some old, rusty “Three Trees”
sign, but I found none. This place was definitely abandoned and
forgotten; it was a wonder Bob even knew about it. Not wanting to waste
any time, I decided to follow Bob’s instructions and start walking
through the woods in the direction of that—as Bob called it—“laugh your
ass off” place.

​The first couple of hours passed and I was feeling great. It was just
peace and quiet all around. I thought that this was by far the easiest
challenge Bob had ever given me. But then, behind me, I heard a
startling crack.

​It sounded like someone stepping on a branch. Yet, before I could even
react, I heard the same sound, but now multiple times in
succession—faster and closer.

​I really didn’t want to turn around and check, but whatever was behind
me was getting closer and closer, rapidly closing the distance. I
clenched my teeth, turned around, and shone my flashlight.

​You probably think the light from my flashlight illuminated some
deranged stalker or some bloodlust-driven beast. But no. It just showed
the woods behind me: grass, trees, branches, and a rock in the middle.
No footsteps, nothing.

​I turned back around and chalked it up to my brain trying to spice up a
relatively boring night. I continued walking, and for the next hour, I
heard no steps other than my own.

​Finally, after around four hours of walking and exiting the woods, I was
sure I had found the place the abandoned campsite was named after. A
clearing stood in front of me. Around ten meters away, the only things I
could see were exactly three trees. All of them were standing right next
to each other, but I’d barely classify them as trees. They paled in
comparison to any tree I had seen in the woods behind me. Instead, they
looked slim and frail, reminding me more of bamboo sticks than the bulky
oak trees I had imagined.

​I chuckled, thinking I realized why Bob told me I’d laugh as soon as I
saw the place. I had expected huge logs, but instead, I got barely more
than toothpicks.

​I turned around, picked up my phone, and started walking back while
calling Bob. He quickly answered, and I was in the mood for some heavy
gloating.

​“Well, you were right when you said I’d laugh my ass off! Saying this is
underwhelming is an understatement,” I said with a grin.

​“Yeah, I know. Some drunk teenagers must’ve chopped down one of the
trees. ‘Three Trees,’ my ass!” he responded.

​“Umm… what do you mean?” I asked in confusion.

​Before he could answer, I turned around and shone my light over the
lanky trees again. There were definitely three of them. But I froze as I
realized one of them was now no more than three meters away from me.

​Panic took over. I dropped my phone and started running toward the
forest. I didn’t dare to turn around again as I heard footsteps right
behind me that swiftly morphed into a heavy run. Whatever was following
me was easily catching up. At this rate, it wouldn’t take more than a
minute for it to catch me.

​I knew my options were limited. There was no way I’d get to the woods in
time. With shaky hands, I grabbed my flare gun, spun around, and fired a
shot.

​The sound of the gun echoed through the night. For a second, everything
turned bright red. I was sure the shot connected, because I instantly
heard a loud, painful screech.

​Even though the flash almost blinded me, I turned around and kept on
running. Whatever was following me was running too—luckily, this time,
in the opposite direction.

​For the rest of the night, I refused to look back. I just trekked,
fueled by nothing but pure adrenaline, until I finally left the woods
and found my car.

​I wish I could tell you that I didn’t see what was chasing me when I
took the shot.

​For a split second before the flare went off, I saw it. It was just like
looking in a mirror. It looked exactly like me.
