I noticed it when I took my laundry out of the dryer. The clothes were
still wet after the third run, & I was honestly just pissed & ready to
take them to a laundromat. When I tried to yank a handful out with a
flustered jerk, the line went taut & I heard the telltale sound of
fabric tearing. Enraged, I stood up, took a deep breath, & gently began
removing them into a basket.

When I leaned down to find whatever they’d gotten caught on, I gasped.
Past the swinging lid, was the lint catcher, followed by the usual
scuffed metal that made up the inside of the tubular cavity. However,
much to my chagrin, there was no rear wall. The horizontal hole just
kept going, extending further & further back, eventually tapering into a
pitch-black void. What little light illuminated the inside of the
machine faded out just 15 feet in.

I was so enthralled that when the phone in my back pocket began singing,
I almost had a heart attack. Recovering from the startle, I pressed the
little green button, cutting off Michael Jackson’s “Smooth Criminal”
right at the part that goes, “you’ve been hit by, you’ve been struck
by-”

“Hello?” I asked with an unnecessary undercut of flustered attitude.

“Hey Snookums, you get my text?” A cautious voice asked from the other
end. My shoulders relaxed a little when I realized who it was.

“What? Oh, shit, yeah, sorry dad, there’s… I’m not gonna be able to come
over today.”

“Oh, damn,” he said, thankfully unbothered, “that’s fine. I’ll let your
mom know, she’ll let Cris know… you okay Sarah? You sound-”

“Yeah, no it’s,” I interrupted. I knew what he was asking, I just
couldn’t find the words to answer. How do you tell a man that your 3
year old dryer, which he helped you purchase & move to your apartment,
by the way, has suddenly become some sort of endless… hole in the wall?

“Wait a minute, does it even go into the wall?” I considered out loud,
leaning over the top of my dryer to examine the wall behind it.

“What?” my dad asked.

“Oh, sorry, dad, it’s my dryer. It just… I don’t know, it got longer on
the inside?” I tried to explain as I confirmed that the hole somehow
didn’t extend into the wall. That just left me with more questions than
answers.

“Hm?”

“The inside got longer, dad.”

“Your dryer… is longer?”

“Look, I don’t know how to explain it, okay?” the scowl on my lips
deepened

A flashlight finally found its way into my fishing hand through a
kitchen drawer filled with nick-nacks & junk. Triumphantly, I began
searching for my next item.

“It’s just, I was doing a load of laundry, & I know you’re gonna say
it’s cuz I overfilled it, but I swear I didn’t this time.”

“Mmm-hm.”

“I know, because I got the whole basket in there, & there was still
plenty of room.”

“Mmm-hm.”

“You don’t believe me, do you?”

“Sarah, just-”

“Okay, okay, I put it in the dryer for 1 cycle. They come out wet
still-”

“Right, so run them again, Sarah.”

“Well, that’s what I did, dad,” I said as I felt around blindly on the
top of my fridge for… bingo. A roll of duct tape.

“I ran it twice, & the clothes were still sopping.”

“That’s not good.”

“I know, so I ran them one more time, & they were still wet.”

“Crist sakes Sarah, damn thing’s just broken! You overfilled it again!”

Technically he was right. If my dryer turns into a neverending tube of
darkness that makes my clothes wetter & then also rips them, I consider
that broken.

“Well I know it’s broken dad, but liste-”

“Jeez, you just bought that dryer, girl!”

I rolled my eyes & began duct taping the flashlight into the end of my
broom handle.

“I mean, it’s a 3 year old appliance, dude.”

“Well yeah, but it ain’t s’pos-”

“Dad- fucking, just stop.” I interrupted him, “I’m like, trying to
explain & you keep talking over me, please just listen to me!”

He went silent & I crouched down til I was eye level with the gaping
orifice of my dryer.

“Okay. Sorry, Sarah.”

“It’s fine dad, just listen. I pulled my clothes out after the third
run, & in the dryer, you know, the tube thingy that spins everything
around?”

“Yeah, the tumbler.”

“Right, that just… it keeps going,” by now, I was beginning to feed the
flashlight into the tunnel.

“What? Like it won’t stop running?”

“No! Look, I know it’s weird, okay? But it’s literally longer. Like,
there’s no back wall anymore, it’s just like, a long, thin hole.”

My dad took a second to follow what I was saying, then asked, “you
sure?”

“Well,” I scoffed, inching the flashlight forward little by little, “I
taped a flashlight to a broom handle & I’m putting it in now, but it’s
probably too small to get very far.”

“That’s what she said.”

“Dad…”

“Sorry, sorry, I’m just… that’s… wow. How far does it go? Does the hole
cut into the wall?”

“No, it doesn’t, the outside’s completely normal. I just can’t tell
exactly how far it goes,” I grumbled as my flashlight neared the edge of
visibility. Now, with the added light, I could see further in. For a
minute it just looked like more of the same dryer interior. Grey scuffed
metal.

“What does it look like?” My dad asked.

“Normal, just like the regular dryer but way bigger,” I muttered,
flicking the light to the end of the broom stick.

“Kinda lik- oh my god!” I yipped, dropping the broom & falling backwards
into my ass.

“What’s wrong? Sarah, are you okay?!” My dad frantically asked over the
phone.

I stared into the interior, my brain trying to convince my eyes that I
was misinterpreting. But I knew what I was looking at. After 30 seconds
of constant, unblinking comprehension, I couldn’t deny it.

“Holy fuck dad.”

“What happened?! Are you hurt, baby?!”

“No, I’m…”

I stood to my feet & backed up a little, keeping my eyes trained on the
opening. I was afraid to look away.

“Dad, it’s… it’s got teeth,” I whispered shakily.

“Sarah…”

“I’m not kidding dad,” I whimpered, a teardrop rolling down my cheek. I
thought to myself, what the fuck is going on?

“I put the flashlight in it, & it’s normal for about 15 feet, but then
it starts…” I felt a lump form in my throat, “the metal becomes this
like, the inside of like, a gum tube, or I dunno like a ground beef
tunnel, & there’s something jutting out, all over the- fuck dad I was
just on top of that thing,” a shiver ran up my spine when I thought back
to a little over a minute ago. I’d hopped right on up to see over the
appliance, if I could even still call it that. Did those little
sparkling specks that lined the inside have anything to do with my
clothes getting caught? Did my laundry get torn by… oh god I was gonna
be sick.

“I’ll be right over, don’t touch that thing anymore! Put me on hold,
call the cops, the fire department, or the NPID, whoever, & get the fuck
out of that house, okay Sarah? Sarah??”

I grabbed the clump of moist laundry that had gotten caught inside the
dryer. Carefully, I began examining each article of clothing. Soon, I
was holding one of my favorite shirts. A blue long sleeve with a massive
gash across the stomach, something solid ensnared in the fabric.

I had a sinking feeling of what was coming. As the small, almost
inconspicuous thing fell out of the shirt, I felt my stomach drop with
it.

I would’ve thought it was a misshapen, oblong, yellow rock if not for
the bottom that tapered into 3 tiny, bloody tooth roots. I picked the
object up with quivering fingers & felt my lungs begin to race each
other. I was on the edge of a panic attack.

“Sarah?”

“Sorry dad, I-”

Just as I started to answer, I heard a new sound. One that made me stop
in my tracks. One that made my blood run cold. The slap of wet
appendages, echoing as if something slimy was crawling quickly through a
long tube, straight towards me.

I’m afraid to look back, over my shoulder. I can hear it getting closer,
it’s in the metal part of the pipe now.
