​

The following entries were recovered from a deleted Blogger blog called
Tears from Trees, owned by seventeen-year-old Aubrey Ackerman, who
disappeared on Halloween night in 2009. The Tioga County Sheriff’s
Office archived these posts during their investigation as evidence due
to their dates being relatively close to the date of her disappearance,
however, no suspects were ever identified.

The following are said archived blog posts that begin from 10/25/09 -
10/30/09.

-

Archived Post #1

(10/25/09) - The strange knocking from my bedroom window has kept me up
at night these past few weeks. Everytime i go to bed i keep convincing
myself that it’s just a tree branch knocking on my window, like a child
trying to convince themselves that there isn’t a monster under their
bed. However, the problem is, there isn’t any tree around the window,
let alone anything hanging/dangling infront of it. My grades have been
slipping due to this and I’ve been waking up earlier than i usually tend
to. Alongside this, sometimes i keep thinking that i smell something
strong, It’s hard to describe the smell but it smells like that stench
that you’d smell when you walk into a slaughterhouse, the kind that
sticks to your clothes and makes you gag when you even think about it. I
guess it’s only me who notices this smell because my mom doesn’t smell
anything even when the smell is at it’s worst. I feel like I’m losing my
mind over something which isn’t even real, I’m gonna talk with the
school councilor tomorrow and I’ll update this site with another post if
i deem necessary.

Archived Post #2

(10/26/09) - I told the councilor about my ongoing troubles with the
window and the odd smell, however it feels like he didn’t listen to me
all. All he did was nod his head and give me the occasional bland
response which pissed me off. I know he didn’t try to be rude, and I
know he’s a busy guy, but i need someone to actually listen to me, I’ve
told my mom about this but it’s like she also can’t listen to what I’m
saying. She understands everything else but everytime i ask, or tell her
about the window, she doesn’t even acknowledge the fact that i asked her
a question. I don’t understand why no one is even a little understanding
about this, why can’t anyone even listen to me. I’m sorry that i write
in this way, but I’ve been sleepless and stressed for a few days, both
due to the reoccurring window thing, and an upcoming history test I’m
gonna take on the 28th. I feel so overwhelmed. I’ll update whenever i
can, or when i feel like it.

Archived Post #3

(10/28/09) - I didn’t blog on the 27th because nothing important
happened, to be fair the only reason I’m writing this is so that I don’t
think about the window and the smell. Actually, speaking of the smell,
after i came home from taking the test (which took place on the last
class, much to my dismay), i had realized that not only had the smell
had now spread through the entire 2nd floor, but it had also grown
stronger, now it smells like I’m right Infront of a dead animal’s
carcass.

The tapping on my window had gone from bad to worse, now instead of
tapping it’s full blown banging, not on the window itself but now on the
wall in which the window is on. I’m too scared to look, saying that my
heart skips a few beats everytime i hear a bang is an understatement. I
get sent into full blown panic which is worsening due to my growing lack
of sleep. I’m now waking up somewhere between 3AM or 4AM. I know I
failed the history test cause i answered barely half of the questions.

Archived Post #4

(10/29/09) – Can’t sleep. It’s 2AM. I can see it standing outside my
window. What the fuck. I can’t stop looking at it. I have to look at it.
I have to. It makes it so you can’t talk about it. The counselor’s notes
said I complained about stress and poor sleep. I don’t remember saying
either of those things. I spent twenty minutes talking about the
knocking. Its eyes look like something you’d see on a fish. Large.
Glassy. Not normal. It’s too weird.

I don’t know how big it is, but it’s definitely at least eight feet
tall. I’ll have to

Archived Post #5

(10/30/09) - I don’t remember last night, I don’t remember these past
few days other than the things I’ve written down on this site. I’ve
somehow gotten used to the smell, which by now has turned from the
stench of raw meet into what is undeniably the reek of death. The smell
of road kill. It sickens me.

At school I’ve been sketching out on what this thing could possibly look
like. From what i remember, It looked tall, and weird? I dunno, I’ve
never really seen it, but since my bedroom is on the second floor I’ve
resorted to the theory that it’s just naturally tall since there’s
nothing to climb on, plus there are no marks on it aswell. It’s eyes are
of something that either resembles a goat or a fish… i think it might be
both? again, I’m not too sure since, again, i don’t remember posting the
last blog post. I imagine it having either fur or slick and smooth skin
which is either extremely pale or a filty, rotting flesh type of
pigment, which might explain the odd stench reeking throughout the
entire house. (oh yeah, that, the smell has now not only extended to the
first floor but also the basement.). I don’t know what to do next
however i think I’ll just wait and see if anything else comes up so i
can blog about it.

Archived Post #6

(10/30/09 - 12:45 AM) - its outside my door, i can feel it scratching
and jiggling the door handle it knows im inside. i never opened the
front door or my window. please god someone help

the handle stopped moving

my eyes are wide open.

my eyes are
