Hey guys, gobbos and gibbons. Today, I’ve got a wacky ass story from
about six years back, when I worked as a technician for a radio station
called 107.2FM, The End (because it was all the way at the end of the
available frequency range).

As the technician, almost all of my time was spent intently listening to
the feed coming from the big broadcaster’s room as it flowed through my
many doohickeys, doodads and wobbly bobblies, so that I could quickly
censor things and make level adjustments right before the noise hit the
air. Since I needed to not be distracted, I was basically shuffled into
a slightly expansive broom closet with a loaded desk, big headphones and
a door that locked from the inside. For most people, I’m sure this
would’ve sounded like Hell, but I thought it was awesome. I liked
listening to radio, I liked simple work, and, being a shut-in nerd, it
kept me away from people and close to my tech. I showed up at 8:00,
before everybody else, and left at 4:00 with plenty of the day ahead of
me. Hell yeah.

Now, on The End, we had this segment called To Catch a Cheater. I’m sure
just from the name, you have a good idea of what it was like: every
Thursday at 3:30pm, someone calls in and tells us all about their woes
with their partner’s suspicious behavior, we play another song, and then
the hosts — I’ll call them Harry and Henrietta because they were the
*h*osts — lead this little phone sting where they pretended to be a big
store chain calling up the alleged cheater with an offer of free flowers
sent to whoever they wanted or something similar. If the alleged cheater
sent the flowers home, then they were innocent, or at least not guilty,
but if they sent them to their mistress/mister(?), then they were
B-B-B-BUSTED! Their lady or man was on the line listening in the whole
time and they got to lay into them on. the. air. It was crazy, I’m
tellin’ ya.

Most of the time, it was just about what you’d expect — cheaters
admitting to what they did or non-cheaters explaining their weird
actions — but occasionally you got something extra exciting. Maybe a
husband would admit to his adultery with a chin held high and his wife
would berate him so harshly, I’d be mashing the censor button like a
machinegun. Or maybe it was the wife sorrowfully admitting to it and
then her husband breaking down in tears as he realizes it’s all over. Or
it could be way more innocent than that. We once had a wife call in
about her man saving all of his money, getting squirrely all the time
and suddenly wanting to hang out with a gal-pal a bunch. It seemed open
and shut when he made a huge, mysterious payment out of nowhere, but,
broski, brotosynthesis, bromine, it turns out he was getting advice on a
wedding ring and PROPOSED ON THE FREAGING AIR. I nearly leapt out of my
booth. I stood up and braced myself against the wall, it was the most
exciting day of my career. That all brings me to my story.

Tickity-tacking beside all of my swingledings was an automatic
transcriber which listened in on the outgoing noise and printed all of
it onto a long strip of paper that slowly folded itself into a bin — the
kind you stick your holiday decorations in. The thing was fukken
ancient, built in the 2000s at the latest, complete with off-white
plastic, janky transcriptions and errythang. I don’t know why we had it,
but I figure it was just to cover our asses legally since To Catch a
Cheater was morally dubious at times. Either way, this is all copied
from one of those transcripts, so bear with me if things are confusing
or janky; it was the printer, not me!

Harry: Hey, what’s up everybody. It’s me, Harry, on 107.2FM, The End,
and it’s that time of the week again. That’s right. It’s time for To
Catch a Cheater.

Henrietta: Yup, and we’ve already got a caller on the line. Her name’s
Christina and she’s got a pretty interesting story to tell.

Harry: Picks up Hello, you’re on To Catch a Cheater.

I should note, the tone suddenly gets a tad somber, as if the hosts
realized just how tasteless it would be to act all excited on a show
about infidelity and quickly corrected. This is typical for the station,
so nothing’s out of the ordinary yet.

Christina (c for *c*aller): Hey there, hello everybody.

Harry: So we’ve heard that you have complaints about your husband and
some strange behavior.

Christina: Well, for the past few months, he’s been seeing a therapist,
and I was supportive at first, but he’s just been acting out of
character and it’s getting worse. His visits are taking longer than they
should, he gets all squirrely all the time and he keeps saying— keeps
saying something like “she really understands me.” It’s like he’s hiding
something. And I swear he told me to let it go or something, but he
plays dumb about it every time I bring it up!

Harry: Woof. That’s rough.

Henrietta: Sounds suspicious.

Christina: It is. It really is. It was sudden when he changed, too. One
day he was normal, and then the next, he’s somebody completely new. I
just want him to act right again. Nothing makes sense since he started
seeing her.

Henrietta: Well, I’ll tell you what. How about we try to catch him out
for you.

Christina: I would love that.

Harry: Well, we’re gonna play another song here and then, when we come
back, we’re going to pose as a big grocery chain and offer to send him
some free flowers to whoever or wherever he wants, and we’ll see if he
wants to send them to you, or his mistress. You’ll be listening in the
whole time, so you two can talk afterwards.

Henrietta: Is there a name we should be looking out for?

Christina: Yes. His therapist’s name is Thalia.

Henrietta: Great. We’ll be right back with you in a bit. In the
meantime, here’s some Myles Smith for you afternoon commuters.

I’m going to end this first part here. Since these things are literally
just blocks of text with grammar errors and no punctuation aside from
paragraph breaks, these have to be digitized by hand and it’s been a
paaain. Medieval Catholic monks had it rough. They literally look like
this:

“hey what’s up everybody its me hairy on one oh seven point to f m the
end and its that time of the week again that z right its time for to
catch a cheater yup and weave already got a caller on the line her names
christina and shes got a pretty interesting story to tell lick hell oh
your on to catch ash eater”

All of the background sound is turned into little bits of nonsense, too,
so I keep having to get rid of little “hip”s, “chuck”s, “loop”s and
whatnot. The swears I censored later on are also automatically turned
into single asterisks awkwardly slapped into the middle of the text.
Thank glob, I remember anything about the story or I wouldn’t be able to
make sense of any of this.

Sorry it’s so short, but there’s plenty more to come. It starts slow
with a lot of this non-sensical drama, but there’s a reason I’m posting
it here of all places. Part two should be much longer since I’ve got
some time off saved up. Stay tuned.
