The roof keeps creaking under its immense weight and I can hear it
scraping the walls in the room above me. I can tell its beginning to get
impatient. If I don’t get this figured out soon then I might have some
real issues on my hands. I need to get this thing out of my attic before
Pop gets home–and fast. I’ve been training with heavy bags of feed as
weights and I’ve been trying to build up my endurance with consistent
cardio but all of that might not be enough for what’s waiting for me
just upstairs. I don’t have any other choice but to face this thing
head-on all by myself. 

About 3 days ago, me and my Pop found my dog laying on his side with his
stomach gutted like a fish. My dog didn’t have a name. Despite having my
buddy for most of my life, me and my Pop never made anything official
for the poor old sap. There I sat in awe and regret, thinking about how
he’d be buried without a name on his tombstone. 

“I’m sorry bud. I’m choked up about it too.” said my Pop in a comforting
tone as he placed his hand on my shoulder. 

I was a bit more than choked up. I was furious. That dog had been my
only friend for as long as I could remember. I live on a small sheep
ranch off the side of who knows where. There’s no human life for miles
and not to mention little to no service which left me, my Pop, and my
dog to keep each other company. Me and Pop would tend and care for the
sheep and my dog would keep them safe from coyotes and whatever else
might be out there that would want to hurt our sheep. Apparently
something bigger than a coyote wanted to hurt our sheep and my dog was
in the way. Unfortunately, my dog wasn’t the first victim of whatever
this mysterious force was. Every night before that day for a week, one
sheep would go missing. It didn’t matter how tightly we locked them in
their pens or how large of a lock we bought. One would always go missing
with no body left to recover. After seeing my dog that day me and Pop
had decided that enough was enough. We were going to take this thing
down once and for all. At least, he was. 

I begged Pop to let me accompany him on the hunt to avenge my dog but he
insisted I stay and try to watch the pen. Every time we tried to watch
the pen we’d somehow miss it. Either we would fall asleep or neither of
us would catch a glimpse. It was pointless to wait by the pen. 

“If I go huntin’ then you gotta stay with the cattle, bud. If we both go
then that thing might as well take all of ’em!” Explained Pop who was
cleaning the barrel of our only gun to take with him. 

“But if I come we could cover more ground! Plus, if you have the gun
then I can use the huntin’ knives that you’re bringin’ with you! I can
help!” I begged. 

“No, and my decision’s final. You’re going to stay here and watch that
damn pen. I love you son, but you’re just not old enough to take on this
big of a responsibility, and I can’t lose one more sheep to this
thing.” 

I knew better than to argue with my Pop. Before he became a rancher he
was a boxer in his youth and his cauliflower ears speak it. He still has
pictures and trophies that decorate the hallway to our front door. He
even decided to teach me a thing or two once I was old enough. Pop
always said that ‘if you can stay on your feet, you can take a hit’. I
can put up a fight, but nothing like my Pop. So with all that said,
talking back wasn’t the best idea, but I still wanted to prove to him
that I’m able to go on chores like this. I’m responsible and more than
capable but there’s no way to prove that to him without getting the
opportunity to! 

It was dusk when we said our farewells.

“So, you wanna put that thing on our mantle once I bring it back?”
jokingly asked Pop. 

“I won’t stop you. Just be safe Pop. Who knows what that thing could
be.” I replied 

“I bet it’s somethin’ mundane. Probably some oversized wolf. Nothin’ a
gun can’t fix.” 

We exchanged hugs and I sat back on the patio as I watched my Pop
descend into the forest with his blue plaid shirt and the gun slung over
his shoulder next to a backpack. It was now my job to protect the ranch
for a couple days until he came back. Keep the house from burning down
but most importantly: Protect the sheep. 

After Pop left, I prepared a grave for my dog. I dug him a small hole
and gently placed him inside before burying him. Above his burial I
strung together a wooden cross and stuck it in the ground. I stepped
back to look at my dog’s grave and said a quick prayer for him. It was
already beginning to get dark and I was hoping that we’d keep one sheep
tonight and my Pop would come back tomorrow morning with a dead wolf on
his shoulders. Wishful thinking, I know. But out here you have to be
optimistic, especially in times like these. I grabbed a large net that
we used to catch lambs and set up a chair that faced the pen like all
those other nights before and sat. observing. Waiting. Sitting in my own
discomfort with how I had to sit and stay here. That I had to be the one
left behind. I knew I could help! The sun had long set and nothing
changed. The sheep never startled. Everything was calm. The cicadas
began to hum their fine tune but despite them, it felt quiet. Then I
heard it. Nothing big or flashy. Just one little crunch. 

I hopped out of my chair and frantically spun around to find the source
of the noise but was welcomed with the absence of it. Sheep weren’t
riled up. Cicadas still sang. It seemed as if nothing had even happened
and I thought my mind was playing tricks on me until I’d looked towards
the house. 

Something white with patches of red-no. It was a dead, mangled sheep
that was slowly being crushed as if it was being sucked into a medium
sized hole in the roof. A sheep being forced into a hole that was far
too small for it to fit into without all of its bones being bent and
broken. For such a gruesome scene it was surprisingly quiet. I heard
another loud crunch followed by a wet pop as its head was pulled inside
followed by its limp legs. 

I rushed into the house as quickly as I could, net in hand as I scaled
our creaky wooden stairs in seconds to make it to the top floor. The
attic was accessible by one door on the second floor that opened up to
another staircase that would connect to the room where the hole that
sheep was sucked into would be. I slowly creak open the attic door and
tip-toe my way up the old stairs. As I’m half way up I can hear a slimy,
slurping noise coming from the top. I peek just my eyes above the final
stair to see a nightmare come to life. 

I couldn’t see anything at first, but I could hear something. The wet,
squelching of something in the room. I observed the attic but saw
nothing but large scraps that littered the floor. Not scraps. Bones. I
stepped fully into the attic. These were sheep bones. I looked around
even more. All of the missing sheep were here. All eight of their
rotting, maggot infested carcasses. I continued forward into the attic.
I scanned the room and something caught my attention in the corner of my
eye. Two, twisted silhouettes sat in the far end of the attic. The light
of the sunset shone through the hole in the roof. It was a sheep, but it
wasn’t decomposed like the others. On its side was a large, crimson red
stain on its wool. I could see everything so clearly. Right next to the
red mess were Two black, flat lumps. Not lumps. Hands. Hands gripped the
sheep’s delicate wool. The sunset’s glow illuminated every wrinkle and
vein, but also cast a dark veil behind it. The lump with black, hairy
hands finally picked its head up from the sheep. Two yellow eyes. 

I stepped backwards to run back down the stairs when it suddenly let out
an ear-ringing scream that made the whole world shake. It stood up on
its hind legs and began to thrash around the attic to maul me. I ran
down the stairs as fast as I could and turned around to close the door
behind me. In the second long gap I had before closing the door, I saw
it slam its large back into one of the ceiling beams followed by a loud,
thunderous crash. I locked the door and shoved a nearby dresser in front
of it to block it off. Loud slamming and scratching came from the other
side of the door as it frantically tried to get at me but to no avail.
Then I remembered the hole in the attic. It’s going to escape from the
hole. 

I ran down stairs and locked every door, every window, and barricaded
the fireplace. I grabbed a baseball bat and sat in the middle of my
house waiting for it to try and strike. I waited. My body was tense. My
adrenaline was pumping. Still nothing. I checked the time. Almost thirty
minutes had passed. Was it safe to go outside? I peeked through the
front windows and saw nothing out of the ordinary. The sheep were still
unbothered and nothing seemed to have taken any damage of sorts from the
relentless scratching of a beast like that. Hesitantly, I unblocked the
front door and stepped outside. I peeked up at the hole in the attic–at
least, where it used to be. 

The beast’s thrashing must’ve caved in the attic’s ceiling which covered
up the hole with thick, wooden beams. From between the beams I could see
a long, dark brown furred, twisted hand with claws the size of my whole
hand reaching for the world outside. Just out of its grasp. I sighed a
breath of relief only for the reality of the situation to hit me like a
bullet train. That thing was trapped in my attic. That unholy breed of a
man and feral beast. A Dogman. 

The Dogman is still trapped in the attic but it’s getting more and more
aggressive. It’s given up on trying to be discreet like it had been this
past week and a half and now screams all day and night. But maybe this
is the opportunity I’d been waiting for for so long! I need to take that
thing down so that  Pop can see that I’m capable of so much more. It’d
prove to him once and for all that I AM old enough to take care of
things just like him. 

So that brings us to right now. I’ve been training day and night and
been exercising until I bleed. When I get tired of training, I look up
to where the hole once was and see the Dogman’s unholy face staring back
at me. Observing. Watching me train. The eyes of death constantly
following me is a good motivator to keep going. I’ve been practicing my
boxing too and have found some online forums for close quarters combat.
I have about two more days to take care of the Dogman until Pop comes
home. I’m scared out of my mind and I’d like to run away and never come
back, but I know I can’t. Hopefully this is how I’ll finally prove
myself. All I need to do is get a grip, put on some gloves, and try not
to get a face full of teeth. 

So I ask again: Does anyone have any boxing tips? 
