My mother believed in fae.

​

She believed that we weren’t alone in this world. That we shared it with
others who were like us… And yet so very different in all the ways that
mattered. People we’d once known well, but who had since faded into
myths and legends.

​

The blanket term she used for them was Fae, but they were so much more
than that. They were dryads, sirens, mermaids, werewolves and vampires.
They were angels and demons and Gods. There were so many of them… And at
the same time, so few. Her theory was that over the millennia, they’d
simply become less prominent as humans did what they do best.

​

Survive. Thrive. Conquer.

​

And in the wake of mankind’s rise, they could not keep up. Those who
once fed on us were driven back to the brink of extinction, and those
who had befriended us eventually suffered the same fate out of fear.

​

And so the fae had retreated, vanishing into the shadows to hide. Many
of them simply learned to blend in amongst us and pass as human, taking
only what they needed to survive but no more. Others fled into the
remote corners of the world to hide in the hopes that we’d never, ever
find them. Most of them were proven wrong.

​

But my mother looked at these beings lurking just out of sight and she
didn’t see monsters. She didn’t see them as a threat! She saw them as
lost souls, as deserving of compassion as any other. She saw them as
people no different from her, in need of help. And she worked to try and
ensure they got it.

​

That’s why she helped build the Fae Relations Bureau.

​

I grew up watching her work, learning about the beings who existed in
secret and as she documented them, I did too. I wanted to be just like
her… I wanted to help them, just like she did! She always said that once
I was ready, I could.

And she didn’t lie.

​

After I got my Bachelors in Evolutionary Biology, I got a visit from an
old friend of my mothers, a man by the name of Milo Durand.

​

Milo hadn’t exactly been one of my Moms best friends, but despite her
calling him a ‘career bureaucrat’ she still seemed to have some respect
for him. I guess it wasn’t misplaced. He gave me the opportunity I’d
been waiting for, a job as a research assistant at the FRBs Toronto
office. It wasn’t the most glamorous position, but it was a foot in the
door. Of course, I said yes. I spent the next year working my ass off,
but it would be worth it…

​

All I needed to do to finally get promoted to a full member of one of
the research teams was take part in a few field expeditions…

Easy, right?

I thought so at the time.

​

I’ll be honest, I wasn’t exactly thrilled when I heard that they were
pairing me with Trashy Nina. Now, I’m not questioning her ability or
anything! According to the things I heard, she was perfectly capable!
But… Well… Nobody earns a nickname as flattering as ‘Trashy Nina’ for
being everyone’s bestest friend and I’ve heard more than a few horror
stories. Ironic, considering that the stuff she was supposed to be
hunting was the cause of most people’s horror stories.

​

See, the FRB studies fae… But not all fae are willing to play nice. Some
of them are dangerous, and when one of them poses a serious threat,
that’s when the Department of Public Safety gets involved. Most people
who get into the DPS come from some sort of relevant background. A lot
of them are ex-cops or soldiers looking to do some good.

And then there’s Nina.

​

The story I’d heard was that she’d more or less just joined up just so
she could have an excuse to hit things. Prior to signing up, she’d had
no training and limited experience with fae. What she did have was a lot
of pent up anger and from the sounds of it, she’d sorta just been
coasting on that. I say coasting… But she was probably one of the DPS
’more competent killers. A lot of the ones I met were meatheads or guys
with more ego than brains. But by all accounts, Nina was different.

​

I officially met her for the first time at a bar in a small town outside
of Gravenhurst. I’d seen her around once or twice before, but we’d never
actually spoken up until then. When I walked in, she was at the bar
nursing a beer and playing on her phone. She wore a scuffed black
leather jacket and torn jeans with just a little too much black
eyeshadow. She didn’t even look up to acknowledge me when I sat down
beside her and tried to introduce myself.

​

“You must be Nina! My name’s Justice, Justice Vance. It’s nice to meet
yo-”

She finally looked at me, and she looked annoyed.

“Justice?” She asked, “Who the fuck names their kid Justice? You’re
shitting me, right?”

​

I paused. This was admittedly not the introduction I’d been hoping for,

“It’s… Um, something of a theme in my family.” I said, “My Mom’s name
was Liberty. My grandma was Grace…”

“Christ… No wonder you ran out of names.” She murmured, “Justice…
Christ.”

She took a swig of her beer.

“I’m gonna assume you got the rundown on just what the hell we’re
supposed to be doing out here, right?”

​

“Of course!” I said, “There was a suspected attack on a family just
outside of town three days ago. The likely perpetrator is a dryad. We’re
supposed to apprehend them alive but if necessary-”

“Yeah. I was asking if you knew. Not asking you to read it to me.” Nina
said, “Look… Between you and me, whoever sent you out here is a fucking
idiot. Dryads… Yeah. That’s what you wanna be dealing with out in the
field.”

​

“A single dryad shouldn’t be that much trouble.” I said, “You can
incapacitate them, right?”

“One? Yeah. But you haven’t seen the scene, have you?”

“You’ve already scouted it?” I asked.

“Yup. I was up there this afternoon. Even if I hadn’t though, I could’ve
told you that it wasn’t just one of those fuckers. It’s never just one.”

​

I frowned.

“What do you mean?”

Nina gave me an incredulous look.

“What do I… Aren’t you the one on the research team here? How much do
you know about dryads?”

“Well, I know that there are two known types, both primarily live in
densely forested areas and avoid human contact unless necessary.
Uncorrupted dryads are typically a little more forgiving and tend to
favor running away over their corrupted brethren and-”

​

“My God, you’re useless…” Nina murmured, “What I’m getting at here is
that they don’t do shit by themselves. They always travel in a group to
watch each other’s asses. If one does something, then they all do it and
honestly they’ve probably got the rest of their group backing them too.
They also aren’t impulsive. They don’t do shit like this just because
they’re in a shitty mood, like some of the sirens and vampires out
there. When they pull something, you can be damn sure it’s because
someone gave them a reason.”

“So you think the victims provoked the attack?” I asked.

​

“Well, the fae’ll probably say they did. Poking around their place, I
saw some signs they’d been dabbling in some occult shit. My guess is,
they tried to deal with the fae and got burned. Honestly, the FRB would
probably ignore it if it weren’t a regular occurrence out here. Seems
like the same group pulling the same tricks on a bunch of local idiots.
Hence the kill order.”

“The research team would like one alive, if possible.” I said, “We could
learn a lot through a live specimen.”

“Oh yeah, I’m sure if you ask them really nicely, they’ll be happy to
let you poke and prod at them.”

It took me a moment to realize that she was being sarcastic.

“My gut is saying that this is going to be a mess.” Nina said, “Which is
why I said it wasn’t a good job for a researcher… But I guess I don’t
know what I’m talking about, so whatever.”

​

She finished her beer and shrugged.

“If it makes it easier on you, I can keep my head down!” I promised.

“That’s not how it works.” She replied, “You don’t really keep your head
down and avoid trouble out here. Trouble always finds you. Always.
Anyways… I wanted to head back to the scene to poke around a little more
before setting up. I guess you might as well… Take notes, or whatever
the hell you’re here to do? I dunno.”

​

“What’s the plan?” I asked. “Are you going to use the scene as a forward
operating base? Try and track the dryads into the woods?”

“Nah. I’m waiting until Sunday before I try and kill myself this week.
It’s gonna be a bigger pain in the ass to fight them on their own turf.
So I’m just gonna burn the house down with them in it.”

​

I was not expecting that kind of answer

“Burn the house down?” I repeated.

“Yeah. Y’know, take some gasoline, some matches. Start a few little
forest fires to piss them off, and when they come after me, burn the
goddamn house down around them. Set a trap, you know?”

“By burning the house down?!” I repeated, “Isn’t that extremely
dangerous?”

“Eh. It’ll probably only be the second stupidest thing I’ve done this
week. Don’t worry about it.”

​

And with that, she just got up and walked away. I watched her for a
moment, still trying to comprehend what she said… She had to be joking,
right? Only a complete lunatic would try and lure the fae into the
house, just to burn it down!

Right…

​

The house that the fae had attacked looked ransacked. Police tape
sectioned off the entrances. There had been a couple living there a few
weeks ago… Dexter and Rena Shaw . According to the police report, they’d
been found dead in their backyard, their bodies impaled on a tree.

​

Their house had been a pleasant little country cottage… And now it
looked like a scene out of a violent movie. Pictures were crooked on the
walls. Lamps and trinkets had been thrown from upended tables. I
imagined that the Shaws had been dragged screaming from their home…
Pulled into the backyard and forced to watch as they were murdered. What
a horrible way to die.

​

And Nina was raiding their fridge when I got there.

​

“Don’t you think that’s a little disrespectful?” I’d asked her. She
looked over at me, before reaching back into the fridge and offering me
a can of soda.

“You really think they give a shit right now?” She asked, before opening
a can and taking a swig. “Better than letting it go to waste.”

I took the drink but didn’t open it. She brushed past me as she walked
through the house.

​

“So… Why’d your Mom pick Justice anyways? Not trying to harp on that.
Just curious.” Nina asked.

“I guess… She wanted me to bring justice to the fae who society had
treated so poorly.”

Nina looked over at me again, raising an eyebrow.

“Are you fucking serious?” She asked.

“Look, if we can stay on task…”

“I’m not making fun of it! I swear! That’s fucking adorable! It sounds
like complete bullshit, but it’s adorable.” She said.

​

“I don’t think justice is bullshit.” I replied a little defensively, “I
think it’s something we can all believe in. You believe in justice,
don’t you? You’ve got to. I mean, why else would you be out here if you
weren’t looking for justice for the people these fae killed?”

Nina was quiet for a moment. She took a thoughtful sip of her soda
before speaking again.

“I’m just here because I’ve got nothing better to do.” She said,
“Justice doesn’t have anything to do with it.”

She headed for the door and out into the backyard. I followed her out to
the shed.

​

“Now I know you’re joking.” I said. “I’m sure you’d rather be… I don’t
know, with your family than out here, right?”

She glanced back at me as she reached the shed door.

“That where you’d rather be?” She asked.

“Well, no… I mean, I want to be out in the field! Although if Mom were
still around, I guess I’d want her to be here with me…”

​

“If you don’t mind me asking, what happened to her?” Nina asked as she
pulled open the shed door. She looked around before picking up a
hatchet. She studied it for a moment before deciding she approved.

“Cancer.” I replied. “Three years ago. It… it was hard to watch… but she
kept smiling right up until the end. That was just how she was. What
about you? You ever lose a parent?”

“Yes and no.” Nina replied. “They’re not dead… We just aren’t on
speaking terms. Dad was a drunk and Mom was…” She trailed off, before
shaking her head.

“Nevermind. You wanna help me get the gas cans out of my car?”

​

I followed her back to the front.

“What do you need the gas cans for?” I asked.

“Arson.” She replied, “Didn’t I just explain this to you half an hour
ago?”

Oh…

Oh God, she hadn’t been joking about burning the house down…

​

“I figure, I’ll set up a bonfire area right at the edge of the woods. I
can cut into the brush and start burning it. I probably won’t need the
gas for that… But it’ll get their attention and really piss them off.
Chances are, they’ll come at night. So around dusk, we can go inside and
see if they took the bait.”

“What if they don’t?” I asked.

“Then it’s back to the drawing board. I’ll think of something else. I’m
not going into those fucking woods unless I have to though. You don’t
want to fight these things on their turf. You make them come to you
instead and then you catch them off guard.”

​

“Have you done this a lot?” I asked warily.

“Eh… Once or twice.” She said. She reached her Jeep and opened the back,
taking out two plastic gas cans. There were two more left for me to grab
and I helped her bring them inside. We set them down in the living room.

​

Nina went back outside after that. I didn’t follow her this time. I
still had to look through the rest of the house. I watched her from the
windows though, as she headed out towards the woods. I watched as she
took her hatchet to the brush and started dragging chunks of it over to
a spot where she could burn it. Within about ten minutes, she had a fire
going.

​

Part of me had wondered if her plan would even work. A bonfire didn’t
exactly seem like the best way to piss off the fae from what I knew of
them but watching the way Nina did it, I wondered if there wasn’t some
method to her madness.

​

She hacked away violently at the brush, ripping it apart and dragging it
carelessly back towards the fire before recklessly tossing it in. She
treated the forest with such outright disdain that even I couldn’t help
but be a little annoyed by it… From what I knew of dryads, if this was
their territory, they would not be pleased by such an insult.

She marked the thicker, older trees she couldn’t cut down with the
hatcher seemingly just because she could. The young trees, she hacked
through and fell without much thought for them. I saw a few birds
startled by the noise she made take off, as well as a couple of fleeing
squirrels. She stayed out there until around dusk and while she worked,
I investigated the house.

​

Beneath the mess, the Shaw household told a story. I found a table with
some runes carved into it. I know a thing or two about witchcraft and
recognized those runes as simple good fortune and protection spells. The
books I found in what I assume was Rena Shaw’s study were dog eared and
the marked pages depicted simple spells for fertility and health.

​

She hadn’t been diving into anything sinister… She’d simply been a
woman, looking to live her life. Reading through the marked pages of a
spellbook she’d left on her desk, I found a few passages discussing what
gifts to offer the fae in exchange for a healthy pregnancy… And I’d be
lying if I said that my heart didn’t break a little as I understood the
mistake that had gotten her and her husband killed.

​

So many of those spells she’d looked through dealt with fertility… I
know of only one reason why a woman would dive so deeply into those.

​

I was still in the study, packing away some of the more valuable books
when Nina came in. She had taken off her jacket and still carried the
hatchet with her. Her brow was covered in sweat and her eyeliner was a
little smeared, making it look more like war paint.

​

“If I go into the fridge again, are you going to give me shit?” She
asked breathlessly.

I told her I wouldn’t.

​

I hadn’t realized how hungry I’d gotten until I smelled something
cooking in the kitchen. Nina had dug some frozen meals and put them in
the oven. It wasn’t exactly the pinnacle of culinary delight, but I was
hungry and like she’d said… The Shaw’s were beyond caring at that point.
I hadn’t actually had a sit down dinner in a while, so it was a nice
change of pace, even if it was in someone else’s home before we burned
it to the ground.

​

Nina piled my plate high with chicken cutlets and a baked potato. For
frozen food, they tasted pretty good.

“So… You got anyone else in your life aside from your Mom?” She’d asked
as we ate.

“I have my Dad and my grandparents.” I’d replied, “We keep in touch.
It’s nice… How about you? Any siblings? Seeing anyone?”

​

Nina laughed.

“Yeah. Good one. I don’t really date.” She said, “I’ve tried. It doesn’t
really end well. My sister was always a little more… I dunno. Socially
gifted, I guess.”

“So you’ve got a sister.” I said, “You guys close?”

“We used to be… Not so much anymore.”

“What happened?”

“Stuff…” She paused before thinking over her answer, “We had a falling
out. She and Mom don’t even acknowledge that I’m alive these days.”

“God… I’m sorry.”

​

She gave a nonchalant shrug.

“It is what it is. I’m fine. Honestly. I’m doing stuff… That counts for
something I guess…”

Her eyes scanned the walls of the kitchen, studying some of the framed
pictures of the Shaws.

“So… What else do you do?” I asked, “Outside of work?”

​

Another shrug.

“I dunno. Go home. Watch TV. Sleep. Was thinking maybe I should get a
cat, but I’m never really home enough.”

“You don’t have any hobbies… Anyone you hang out with?”

No response.

​

“What about you, huh?” Nina finally asked, “You’re asking all these
questions. So what’s your deal?”

“Oh… Well. I don’t really have one.” I admitted, “It’s mostly just work.
I’ve been looking to date more, but it hasn’t worked out so far.’

“Eh. Give it time.” Nina said, “Speaking of which… We should probably
douse this place in gasoline. It’s getting late.”

I was admittedly a little taken aback by how casually she said that.

​

She stood up and grabbed one of the gas cans off the floor.

“If you want to jet, I won’t say anything.” She said as she started
methodically dumping the first can of gasoline, leaving a trail from the
kitchen to the door. “The fumes are gonna knock you on your ass.”

“What about you?” I asked. Nina just gave yet another nonchalant shrug.
I was starting to get the impression that this was her primary means of
communication.

​

As she finished with the first gas can, I cracked open the windows to
get some fresh air in. Dusk was turning into night and in the backyard,
I could still see the bonfire burning. It had died down a little but was
still there.

​

She dumped the second can around the living room and bathroom and
emptied the third can onto the stairs leading to the second floor. She
dumped the last of it down the basement steps. The last can she brought
upstairs with her. She was right about the smell… The overpowering stink
of gasoline made it hard to breathe. I needed to stay by the window to
avoid it.

​

“What happens if they smell the gas?” I asked as Nina came back down
again.

“Ideally, they won’t realize what it means until it’s too late. They
know what it is, they know it stinks. But I’m counting on them not
counting on me being willing to burn this place to the ground.
Especially while I’m still inside.”

I just shook my head in disbelief.

“You might just be completely insane…”

“Thank you.”

​

I saw her instinctively reach into her pocket for a pack of cigarettes,
before suddenly thinking better of it.

Now there was nothing left to do but wait.

And we didn’t have to wait long.

​

The open windows aired out the house and made the stink of the gasoline
less overpowering. It was still hard to breathe in there and I’ll admit,
I was a little worried about getting high off the fumes. That was part
of the reason I didn’t move around much. The rest of it was to avoid
stepping in the gas. I’m not sure how Nina had managed to get it
everywhere without also tracking it around on her shoes. I guess she
hadn’t been kidding when she’d said this wasn’t her first time doing
something like this…

​

I glanced out the window again, looking towards the bonfire and that’s
when I saw them… Six silent figures, standing around the inferno. My
heart skipped a beat.

“Nina!”

​

She’d been seated at the kitchen table, eyes on her phone. She looked up
at me, and joined me at the window to look out at the shapes against the
dying fire.

“That’ll be them…” She said, “You should go. Get in your car and wait
for me down the street.”

“What about you?” I asked, “You’ve got a plan to get out, right?”

“More or less.” She said, “I’ll be fine and if I’m not, then I’ll still
get these assholes so it’ll all balance out.”

She offered me a manic grin before patting me on the shoulder.

“Move your ass.”

​

I reluctantly turned and headed for the door, careful to step over the
trails of gasoline. I reached for the doorknob to the front door… But it
wouldn’t turn. The door should have been unlocked. I even checked. But
the door wouldn’t open. Behind it, I could hear a low scratching sound,
like wood scraping against wood.

“Nina?” I called, “The door, it’s stuck!”

​

She looked back at me, her brow furrowing. And through the open window,
I could see tendrils of something snaking up from the bottom of the
window. Branches or roots, perhaps, rising from the ground to bar our
escapes.

​

All I could do was point, and Nina took a step back as the roots snaked
in through the windows. She grabbed the hatchet she’d been using before
off the kitchen table and started chopping at the roots, causing them to
twitch and sending splinters flying with each swing.

“Upstairs!” She said, “Use one of those windows!”

“That’s a huge drop!” I cried out.

“You still wanna be in here when this place goes up?” She snapped.

Point taken.

​

I raced upstairs. Looking out of one of the windows on the second floor,
I could see the six dark figures drawing closer to the house. It was
hard to get a good look at them… At a glance, they seemed human. But I
knew they weren’t. Like most fae, Dryads look like us. But they aren’t
us. I’d heard stories of their ability to control plants and transmute
matter, but I’d never thought I’d see it in action like this…

​

I ran towards the bedroom and threw the window open. I could still see
the roots snaking up the side of the house. But they hadn’t made it that
high yet. I could hear Nina’s footsteps behind me.

“What are you waiting for?” She demanded, “Go!”

​

I looked back at her, losing my composure.

“I can’t do it! It’s too high!”

“It’s the second floor you fucking wuss, go!”

“I can’t! What about you? I’m not just going to leave you to die!”

​

I saw Nina roll her eyes.

“Lady, do I look like I give a shit if I die? Get your ass out that
fucking window or I’m pushing you!”

I opened my mouth to protest… But unfortunately, Nina was a woman of her
word.

​

She lunged at me, pushing me back out of the window. I toppled out,
landing on the awning over the front porch and gracelessly sliding down.
It wasn’t a soft landing. But it didn’t hurt as much as I thought it
would.

​

I looked up and for a moment, saw Nina standing in the window. She
looked at me for a moment, before turning and disappearing back inside
the house. I could see the roots snaking their way up the sides of the
house and between them, I could see the shadows of the figures moving
through the kitchen. The fae were inside…

​

I took a step back towards my car. Through the windows of the upstairs
floor, I could see the glow of fire. She’d set the house ablaze. I could
hear the sudden panicked cries of the dryads as they realized that this
was a trap. The roots snaking up the side of the house seemed to
suddenly writhe and recoil. They tensed up, almost as if they were in
pain…

​

Through the gaps between them, I could see movement through the windows.
One of the dryads had its hands up, covering its face and I could see
the shape of Nina charging toward it before burying the hatchet in its
head. I could hear screams of panic… Then of unimaginable pain as the
dryads began to burn.

​

The flames erupted out of the upstairs windows as the house began to
burn. The fire spread faster than I would have imagined. I could see the
glow through the downstairs windows… And all was silent.

​

For a moment, I just stared at the burning building, wondering just what
the hell I’d tell my supervisors… That my escort had killed herself in
an insane trap? Had all this really even been necessary?

​

Then I saw it, some of the roots near one of the windows bulging
outwards as something struck them from the inside. One of them broke as
a hatchet tore through it. A hand reached out and grabbed another one of
them, snapping the weakened root and pulling it inside.

I watched as Nina forced her way out and stumbled gracelessly out of the
window. She coughed a couple of times before dusting off her jacket and
finally walking toward her car. I just stood there, looking at her with
utter disbelief as she calmly strolled towards her car, barely even
giving me a sideways glance.

“Told you I’d be fine.” She said, “Let’s get a drink. I’m parched.”

​

“You’re insane… You’re completely fucking insane!” I snapped. Nina just
sat calmly in her chair, sipping her beer and shrugging at my
accusation.

“I told you it wasn’t a big deal. I figured that it was the most
efficient way to take out a large group. I was right.”

“You’re talking like what you did was pragmatic, you could’ve died!”

She just laughed.

​

“Do you think anyone in the FRB is going to give a shit if I bite it?”
She asked, “I know they talk like they want to save the world… But trust
me. It’s just another company at the end of the day. This is all just
business as usual.”

“What about your family?” I asked. Nina gave no response. But there was
something about the look in her eye that said everything… She took a
swig of her drink before changing the subject.

​

“Either way. The jobs done. Sorry I didn’t recover any of them alive…
But honestly, I think I did you a favor. We weren’t dragging a fucking
dryad back kicking and screaming. Not by ourselves. Someone on your team
needs to set some goddamn expectations.” I had no reply for that. I just
shook my head. I needed another beer. So I left her alone to go and
order one.

​

When I looked back at the table, Nina had gotten up. I saw her heading
for the door. For a moment, I thought she was walking out on me. I
didn’t even wait for the bartender to get my drink before I followed
her.

​

Maybe I shouldn’t have… She was out front, standing by her car when I
got there. She didn’t notice me. She was on her phone, making a call. I
probably shouldn’t have listened in… But I did.

​

“Hey Sis… So… Long time, no talk, I guess. Hell of a fucked up day
today. Had to torch a place to kill a bunch of weird fae. Didn’t die. So
there’s that…”
She paused.

​

“Could you like… I dunno… Send me a text. Say hi? It’d be nice… Let me
know if you’re getting these… Maybe I could see you and Mom sometime?
Anytime… I…”
She sighed and put the phone down, almost angry at herself for talking
as long as she did. After a moment, she picked the phone up again and
kept talking.

​

“If you’re getting these, I’m still kicking… And I miss you.” She said,
before hanging up. She leaned against her car and closed her eyes for a
moment before taking out her cigarettes to smoke.

​

I had to say something…

“Are you leaving already?”

She looked over at me, looking a little surprised that I was there.

“Huh? Oh. Yeah, but I’ll be back in and finish my drink. Just gonna go
to the hotel and nap before driving home. You don’t need to stick around
if you don’t want to.”

“I was… I was going to offer to buy the next round, actually.” I said,
“I mean… It was a bit of a day, wasn’t it?”

​

Nina chuckled.

“Surprisingly, no… Now the first time I had to burn a place down, THAT
was a real shitshow.”

“You wanna tell me about it?” I asked.

She thought about it for a moment before shrugging.

“Why the hell not…”

She looked at her cigarette before tossing it and crushing it under her
boot.

​

We spent a good bit of the night talking… And the funny thing is, I got
the feeling she kinda enjoyed it.

Honestly, I kinda did too.

​

I asked her if she wanted to grab another drink sometime after we got
back home. Just to talk and hang out… I don’t think anyone else had
asked her that before. She never said it out loud, but I got the
impression that it meant a lot to her.
