Since the last time I posted about my peculiar problem, I haven’t been
able to sleep.

I laid in my bed, surrounded by safety of warm blankets. A shield from
all the evil this world had to offer. My brain refused to shut off and
rest, so I just laid there and stared. At slightly blue-gray ceiling,
black walls adorned with countless white words and drawings.

It could be the stress. Could be genetic predisposition to problems with
sleep catching up with me. Or could be that extremely rare disease where
human suddenly looses the ability to sleep. All that’s left then is to
wait for death. Although I’m fairly certain the disease is just a myth.
I could be wrong, in which case – what a horrible way to die.

I laid in my bed and thought over my life. Choices and mistakes I made.
Turmoil of my life manifested in bruises, on my body and soul. Broken
bones, broken perception of myself. Despite my body being closer to
thirty than twenty, my mind instantly reverted back to nine the second
he walked into a room. I couldn’t help but think – would it be better if
that thing, that moving mound of dirt, caught me? Would I feel like
this? Useless, lonely. Maybe I would belong there. Maybe-

Tap.

All my thoughts vanished, leaving me with black canvas. Fear grabbed
paint and got to work. What could this… thing… look like?

Tap, tap, tap.

As much as I wanted to see it, I pushed the painting away. I tried to
block out the sound. Even thinking about failure of my life smelled like
fresh flowers in that moment.

Four sounds. Four taps against cold glass. Like four drops of water that
caused the flood.

I decided to run away. Not from home, I never felt like I had one. From
my life as a whole. I needed to get away, start over. Build from the
grave up.

Warm blanket turned into a suffocating cage. Black walls became a
prison. I felt something move in my chest. Like a parasite I tried to
burn for years. It did not die in any way that’s important. It laid
dormant. Waited for the perfect moment. Such like this.

Tap, tap, tap.

Monster waited patiently, but made itself known. In subtle ways it
always walked with me, but never attacked. Mere fact of its presence
filled me with bottomless dread. My shadow moved on its own in ways only
I noticed. A twitch here and there, quick unexplainable darkening of the
shape of me, quick movement disappearing around the corner where there
was no corner. It choked me, filled my throat with tar. Clogged, stuffed
it full so only few atoms could pass through at once. The anticipation
of an attack that never came.

I looked at the duffel bag in front of me. The only thing I could bring
with me aside from worn out backpack. So many things I had to leave
behind. Collection of books and bones, CDs, black walls adorned with my
own writing, old beloved furniture I collected over the years – equally
as unwanted as me. I packed only most important things. Few changes of
clothes, basic toiletries, medical history, medication. Although I
didn’t know why I felt the need to bring with me the latter. Sleeping
pills didn’t work anymore. I could as well flush them down the toilet.
Small thing that once granted me a moment of peace of mind, shape of
tiny coin in color of fresh salmon meat. I stood and stared at white and
blue packaging. It looked back at me.

Why was I still alive?

After all those years. It had countless opportunities to kill me, but
instead it settled on silent observation. A torment. It chased me, but
only in the forest. Was it keeping me alive for something? What did it
want if not my death?

I zipped the bag shut. It felt heavy on my shoulder. I carried twenty
six years down the stairs. Silence followed me like a stranger I never
met. Meaningless hug, and a second, and third, then fourth. Some cliché
words exchanged, void of any promise. Call us and Visit us. Or We’ll
visit if we can. I closed white door with rust specs already eating away
at the metal beneath the paint. All four of them probably stood in front
of the house I grew up in. The place I never left for more than two
weeks at a time. Maybe they waved. Probably not. They probably just
stared, maybe exchanged some words about me. I wouldn’t know, because I
never looked back.

Driver tried to make some small talk. I answered as well as I could. I
never learned how to talk to people. How to make connections that lasted
more than a month. Awkward silence hasn’t been broken by any of fellow
travelers, so I too put on my headphones to drown it out. To run away
from it as I did with all my problems.

First hour of my journey to new life. We passed meadows, farmhouses,
seas of golden wheat and green pastures. Grazing animals looked at us,
still grinding grass to dust between molars. Trees lined the road mot of
the way. None of them were broken.

By the third hour I closed my eyes. Sleep tried to take me into
peaceful, silent void, but something prevented this from happening. Each
time something else. Other passenger’s phone rang so loud I heard it
over the sound of music blaring in my ears. She spoke equally loud. Her
shrill voice shot needles through my brain. After she stopped talking
with ‘her darling son’, driver didn’t slow down before bigger hole in
asphalt. The whole van shook violently. I decided to power through
without sleep. Maybe this was the best course of action anyway. I knew
what lurked in the darkness. Waited patiently. For me? For the right
moment to strike? Who knew.

I unbuckled my seatbelt for a second and leaned forward to reach under
my seat. My bag felt even heavier now as I pulled it out. I rummaged
through the contest of smaller pocket in search for the one book I
brought with me. To my surprise, I saw another one right next to it.
Unfamiliar with the size and edges of hardback cover I pulled it out.
Thick and heavy. Complete mystery wrapped in brown, tattered paper, held
together seemingly only by thin, linen twine. I knew better than to open
it. The present could as well be a trap. I was running away from
something I didn’t understand and during my journey I found a book which
inexplicably made its way into my bag? No, thank you.

Sudden pressure on my forearm startled me. Book almost tumbled to the
ground, but I caught it at the last second. The woman who talked loud on
the phone earlier was looking at me.

“Are you okay?” She asked when I pushed headphones off my ears. Barely
contained curiosity in her eyes rubbed me the wrong way. “You’ve been
looking at it for the last hour.”

I felt immense urge to hurl that book out the window. “Uh, yeah, I’m
fine. I’m listening to audiobook and probably got lost in it a bit.
Thanks for checking in.” Woman didn’t look convinced, but that was all
she would get from me. Once again I lost myself in music – the only
peace I’ve ever known.

I still didn’t want to believe anything weird was happening. Or I just
tried to will this into existence. Nevertheless, I tried to reason how
anything got into my bag without my knowledge, but for the life of me I
couldn’t come up with anything. In my desperation I wrote to both my
siblings.

Hey. Did you put anything in my bag when I was in the toilet?

Van screeched to a halt. Seatbelt dug painfully into my body, pressed
into my skin as if desperate to cut through it to get to my blood. I
pushed headphones off my ears to ask what happened, but all I heard was
Loud Nosey Woman hurling insults at the driver. “Where did you learn how
to drive!? This is your fucking job and your performance is
unacceptable! I will be filing a complaint after this trip is over!”
Thankfully, I caught only the tail end of it. Driver, seemingly not
phased by the screaming, calmly exited the vehicle. Other passengers
tried to calm the woman down, but she firmly believed in her own version
– it was all driver’s fault. I craned my neck to see what sparked the
commotion in the first place.

In the middle of the road stood moose. His head hung low, weighted down
by giant antlers, and bobbed slowly from side to side.

My first thought – rabies. Any time wild animal behaves weird it’s best
to avoid it and contact whoever in power – police officer, forester,
veterinarian – and they either will ask for all of the details to pass
to correct institution or just tell you where to go. In no situation
should you approach the animal.

Something scraped against the asphalt, something hard and big.

I felt blood drain from my face. Memory popped up in my mind and forced
its way to the front of my brain. It was hazy, as if I looked at it
through murky water during algal bloom. Grandma Maria stood in the shade
of our apple tree, one of many. She turned her head up to meet my eyes
as I pressed my cheek against coarse bark. Sweet smell of surrounding
flowers overwhelmed me, I could barely make out strange tone of my
grandma’s voice, one that I would hear more and more often.

“Bad things happen to people who leave this village.”

Moose took another step, this time faster. “Get the fuck back in!”
Scream almost shattered my eardrums, but it did work. Driver stopped
filming approaching animal and hopped into his seat to reverse. His
movements so nonchalant and calm as if it was just another day. Van
turned around and for split second, when it stopped parallel to the road
I saw eyes. Milky white, yet darker than any night I ever lived through.

Hand reached out of the deepest depths and lunged for my throat.

Loud Woman chewed driver’s ear off. She went on and on about suing the
company, endangering her life – not our lives, her life specifically.
Others joined her at first, but with each passing minute they crumbled
away into their own post-adrenaline-rush exhaustion. I don’t know when
my headphones died. Hour ago? Two? I wouldn’t be able to tell. My body
refused to move even a centimeter. When did I blink last? Was I even
breathing?

“Bad things happen to the people who leave this village.”

Coincidence. Plain and simple. A collection of factors conducive to
events which could be perceived as fate, a predestined future. Everyone
in their life heard something similar. “Leaving this place is risky!”
and “Future anywhere else is uncertain!” Following incidents then seemed
like fulfilled prophecy.

But I’ve heard of more accidents than weddings. More funerals than
births. More people mourned than celebrated life.

Dying village full of old people, disabled people. Those who spread
their wings just for them to be cut off and the carcass to be tossed
back into our territory. But there were few who moved out and lived a
good, happy life.

Then why me?

Muscles around my dry eyes twitched, forced eyelids to close – a painful
movement of steel wool scraping against wood.

No. It wasn’t just me. My aunt, all three of her kids, my grandfather,
his brother, whole lineage of that side of my family. They went out into
the world, tried to make something of themselves. They all came back
hurt, came back wrong, if not physically then mentally. Or came back in
wooden box. It took months, sometimes years to conclude them crawling
back. But they all did. Without exception they all came back to be laid
down in the ground they grew up on.

Tears flooded my vision. I remained comfortably empty without any space
left for any emotion. My eyes fell on the leather. I caught the last of
my hands’ movements as they settled, like children hiding something from
their parent. From the corner of my eye I saw Loud Woman make a face,
try to sit as far away as our tight seating allowed her to. I stroked
the cover, this time consciously, deep down enjoying what I saw in her
eyes.

During the next stop, she demanded the big, burly man switched places
with her. He put up a good fight when he thought I didn’t hear them.

“With all due respect, I’m too wide to sit in the middle. Ask that woman
or driver’s son.”

“I wouldn’t want to compromise their safety.”

Hot, bitter coffee flushed the last of the meal down my throat. If you
could call a dry bun a proper meal.

“Oh, so you’re not concerned about my safety then?”

“You’re much bigger than her. If anything happened-”

“And what do you think can happen? She’s been quiet and calm all this
time. Why am I even arguing with you? I’m not switching. That’s final.”

His shoulder pressed into me. I know he tried making himself as small as
possible, but to fit comfortably in the middle seat he’d have to break
both his collarbones. Only about three hours remained of my journey. Not
that it mattered. I barely registered the world around me anymore.

Hey. Yes, I put grandma’s journal into your bag. You know, a parting
gift. I know you’re into things like what’s inside so I think it’ll be
better for you to have it. I don’t know why granny didn’t leave it to
you in the first place.

I stroked the cover. My heart guided my fingers to the buckle, yearning
to get to know the content. I stopped myself at the last second every
time. I pressed my scolding hot forehead to the cool dark glass.

Pain shot through my head in hot white flash. I felt my eyes open, but
darkness persisted. Lips parted to let out at least a fragment of my
agony, but no sound wanted to be away from the madness. It pressed up
against my skull from the inside, stretched my intestines and stomach
until they almost burst. I rolled over. Pain spilled out my lips onto
wooden floorboards. They met in quiet splash. Cold sweat poured out of
every crevice of my body. I trembled – in fear, in pain, in
anticipation. Another wave came soon after. My body contorted, wrapped
around itself.

It’s been few weeks now. Each night looked the same. I went to sleep,
woke up suddenly just to puke my guts out and writhe in pain until
sunrise. I came to completely different country to work and I wasn’t
able to do even that. Company manager sat me down. I knew what she’d say
before she opened her mouth.

Last night of the nightmare. Fear of excruciating pain kept me awake. I
sat up on my makeshift bed – a blanket laid out on the floor. Darkness
surrounded me, consumed me, pushed against my body feeling for a way in.

Tap tap tap.

Notebook laid on the bottom of my bag, hidden away under the real bed. A
bed I left untouched since my second day here in fear of dirtying it
again. I slid my hand across the floor, feeling for the strap. I pulled
the bag towards me. My fingertips danced across smooth, soft leather
cover. Small belt came undone and once again I peeked inside. Simple log
book from the start of World War I. First page marked handwritten
contract between ten or so families. Everyone was mentioned by full
name. All in all I think around fifty people signed it, their varying
handwriting adorned whole three pages. I flipped the pages. Page six was
left blank. After that there were a lot of names. And dates. Full
government name, hyphen, date. Most of them written in black, some in
blue.

My first thought – this was a log book of an old timey crime ring who
smuggled people. But I noticed a lot of last names repeated. People
written into this book had the same last names as people who signed the
contract on the first page. After fifteenth page last names started to
change. I compared them to the signatures on pages three to five. It all
matched with comments left next to some signatures about last name
changes, through marriage or divorce. I skimmed the pages, curious to
see if I recognized any of the people mentioned.

Tap tap tap.

Excruciating pain shot through my spine. Electricity jumped from one
nerve ending to the next. My teeth ground against each other, enamel
cracked and splintered away.

I saw some last names I recognized. Everyone mentioned lived in my
village – one of the natives to this land. To tune out the pain I tried
remembering who lived in which house, what they looked like, what I knew
about them.

Soft night shirt soaked up all the cold sweat my skin produced.

Near the end of the notebook only three last names repeated. Then only
two. I stared at lines on the paper. Familiar handwriting – like this of
a handicapped chicken – stared back at me from yellowed pages. Names so
familiar sent shivers down my spine. Why? It shouldn’t be weird. This
was grandma’s journal. It shouldn’t be weird. My grandfather’s writing
could very well be in it. It shouldn’t be weird. I turned the page and
saw white. It shouldn’t be weird. My name, there on the page, along with
my date of birth. It shouldn’t be weird.

Tap tap tap.

And the names of my siblings, their birthdays. Names of children I heard
about once, but they did belong to the family. It shouldn’t be weird.
But it was. Notebook containing only a contract and names of the
descendants of those mentioned?

Tap tap tap.

Early morning sun didn’t have my attention. Shadows danced under my
bloodshot eyes as I packed my belongings. Once again the awaiting
journey filled me with dread, but this time for entirely different
reason.

Milky white eyes flashed in my mind.

“Bad things happen to the people who leave this village.”

I pushed past all the people waiting for the driver to open the door.
Muffled grunts and whispers flew around me and I paid them no mind. Door
opened. Like a ghost, I appeared in the furthest corner of the small
bus. I plopped down on the window seat and pulled out the notebook.

First I chose someone born in 1950s. Internet had many search results
for me, but none of the people seemed to be the one I looked for. I
tried adding the name of my village. Still nothing. I chose the next on
the list. Nothing.

Nothing.

Nothing.

Nothing.

Nothing.

I nearly jumped out of my skin when phone I’ve been holding started to
buzz. I tried calming my wild heart before answering.

Tap tap tap.

“Hey. Can we talk?”

I looked around. People slept in every uncomfortable position
imaginable. Only few squinted at their phones, trying not to fall
asleep.

When did sun set again?

“Yeah.” I whispered, not wanting to draw any attention to me. Notebook
laid on my lap still open. I managed to get through all the people born
in 1950s, 1960s and I just started on 1970s. I looked down on it as my
mother stumbled through her words. I couldn’t hear her. I stared at the
year 1973. It looked much different the day before.

“Are you there? Hello?”

“Uh, yes. I’m sorry, the reception is spotty. What did you say?”

I could hear my mother sigh and try to hide it. “I said aunt Anna had an
accident. She didn’t survive.”

I think I realized that before my mother even said it. Something in the
way black ink glistened in dim light, as if still fresh, told me that.
Curiosity got the best of me, I pressed index finger into her name. It
didn’t smudge, not even a molecule of ink moved out of place on the
page.

But it transferred to my fingertip.

“I’ll be back in time for the wake.” I said absentmindedly, realizing my
mother waited for me to respond again. I didn’t know what she said. I
think she knew that, because she only told me to call them when exactly
I’d arrive back home and hung up.

Most written in black, some written in blue.

“I’m sorry for your loss.” Quiet voice slithered up to me. I smiled and
threw equally quiet thanks in the rough direction it came from. My eyes
quickly returned to the notebook in my hands.

The more I stared at the yellowed, delicate pages, the more I felt my
brain dissolve. It sloshed around in my skull with tiniest movements. I
could barely make out written words in dim light my phone’s screen
produced. Yet I read them again and again, and again. By the time clock
struck 3am, I probably could recite the contract word for word. Short
few sentences about relocating and keeping each other accountable, as
well as safe. Worded strange, but it was contract written at the
beginning of 20^(th) century. Language evolves constantly, words become
less or more used.

Relocating?

What did I know about the village I was born in and lived all my life?
Close to nothing. It’s not that uncommon actually. History taught in
schools focused on biggest, most relevant events, places and times.
Villages like mine were often omitted from books or even official
documents.

Relocating.

A lot of people relocated at the start of any war. Did any of them
formed a pact with another families and put it to paper? If so, it’s not
really common knowledge. And what was it about keeping each other
accountable?

Exhaustion finally cut me away from reality and I fell into dreamless
void. Much needed rest didn’t last long though. Three hours later
someone shook me awake. I got up, still groggy with only one eye barely
open, and shuffled out of the minibus. There was no tearful reunion. No
one waited for me by the gate or even opened the door. My bag hit the
ground, feet followed familiar route to the kitchen. I saw movement out
of the corner of my eye and instantly forgot why I walked there. I could
just stand there and look. He looked back. Few painfully slow heartbeats
passed before I managed to turn away. I grabbed strap of my bag and
almost ran up the stairs to my room. To safety.

I didn’t stay long at the wake. It’s not like I liked to look at dead
people and I wasn’t that close to aunt Anna. Our relationship could as
well be described as strangers since I began distancing myself from my
relatives around the age of fifteen.

He saw me move to stand up and shot me a look. I saw devil’s face and it
wore my father’s anger.

I pretended I didn’t see that and quietly left the room on trembling
legs. I drove home slowly, more so than usual. Front door shut behind
me. I stayed in one place, in the dark. Haven’t moved a muscle. Just
cried.

Bottle sang sweet nothings from the closet. It never sounded more
enticing, but I resisted. With all my might I focused on my breathing. I
needed to turn on the light. I needed to do something. To change.
Myself, my life, anything. I needed a change.

But I tried and failed. I went to a different country to start new life,
got sick and had to come back to the place I wanted to ran away from,
the source of my suffering.

The source of my suffering.

I looked down at light brown wood. Priest’s croaky wailing, an attempt
of leading black shapeless mass of mourners, sounded in the background.
I stared. Bored holes in shiny, polished wood. No matter what happened,
we all end up in the wooden box. Cremation and ashes in urns weren’t
common practice in my country, especially not in my village.

What did I know about my village? Close to nothing. I decided to change
that. Better that than standing in place and letting life pass me by.

I looked down at the light brown wood. Heavy dark clouds hanged low. If
I wanted to I could reach my hand up and touch them. Scoop a handful and
toss it at my sibling like dirty snow on the side of the road. But I
didn’t. I only stared at shiny wooden box containing my aunt’s body.
Four men in pristine black suits put on their white gloves. Priest
wailed another, hopefully last, prayer. Box slowly disappeared into the
hole. Black shapeless mass of mourners stepped closer to throw a handful
of dirt on the lid. No one looked inside. No one had time when another
person behind them already grabbed their piece of dirt to throw. I stood
on the other side of the grave with only gravediggers and funeral home’s
employees behind me. I bent over to join the ritual. And I looked. Down
the dark hole, encased in shadows. For some reason I thought about milky
white eyes of a moose.

Earth shook slightly and opened. Black tendrils wrapped tight around the
casket. Wood creaked and first cracks began to form before it got pulled
in and the earth closed again.

I stared at the light brown dirt. Big hand moved me gently to the side.
Gravediggers grabbed their respective shovels and moved all the dirt
back into the hole they dug. Mourners still cried and sniffled, priest
still wailed, sky was still covered by thick black blanket. No one
noticed a thing.

I stared at the empty grave.

I needed to know more about my village.
