I’m okay. I’m alright. It’s been busy few days.

Or weeks.

I don’t know anymore.

I learned a few things. Few of those I wish I didn’t know. It’s too
late, I suppose.

But I’m fine. More than fine to be honest. I’ve never felt better. I’ve
never been better. Despite knowing what I know, what I’ve been through,
what I did, what I saw when I looked into the darkness-

I’m getting ahead of myself here. Emotions still run wild and I’m still
not used to all the changes in my life. I’m still not used to feeling
safe.

Do you know how hard it is to find any documents from before the wars? I
didn’t know that. I assumed that whatever hasn’t been destroyed, blown
to pieces or burned would be digitalized by now. Well, I assumed wrong.
I didn’t know where to even start looking. So I did what I do best.

I lied.

I took a deep breath before I even pressed send. I stared at black
letters. The more I stared, the less they made sense. The less confident
I felt in anything I wrote. I closed my eyes, fell back on the stacked
pillows. I hated talking to strangers, hated that more than almost
anything else on the planet. Almost. There were some things I hated
more. One of them being unknown. I sprung back up and pressed send
before I could change my mind. The worst they could do was say no,
right?

The inside of my mouth hurt and bled, skin around my nails ripped apart
by my own teeth. Stress quite literally ate me alive. Worse than simple
no turned out to be lack of any answer whatsoever. One day turned into
two. Two turned into five. Five into two weeks.

Nothing.

Nothing.

Nothing.

Each time I felt vibration in my pocket, my heart skipped a beat just to
become still again when I saw green bubble of text from my boss.

I looked online about the thing that haunted me, just to feel like I was
in fact doing something to help my situation. Every search ended either
with ghost, wendigo or a curse as a cause. It all sounded wrong.
Especially wendigo since it’s not even the continent where it originated
from. I thought long and hard about it being some kind of curse. Not in
a way people think – divine punishment for misdeeds done by the human
who foolishly brought misfortune, and often death, to their family. I
thought about a curse as something mundane, something that was tied not
to a family but to group of people sharing few characteristics or maybe
history. Maybe they wronged someone with knowledge how to work with
unseen horrors lurking in darkness. But if that was it, then why me? I
know for a fact I never did anything worse than cutting someone in
traffic. Even as an active alcoholic I just sat on my ass, nothing else.

History searched resulted only in disappointment. If you type the name
of my village the only things you see are current stuff – news about
co-financing for the construction of a children’s clubroom next to
freshly installed playground, posts comparing old road with new, the one
lined with sidewalk on both sides. I looked on and on as people say how
nice and modern and clean everything looks. And I hate it.

I hate all of it.

Modern design of new buildings, be it homes or public places. Fresh road
with sidewalk on both sides. Simplistic (new!) fences. Complaints about
animals coming close to homes. Photos of previously neat lawns with
grass cut by millimeter destroyed by wild boars. Call outs to
authorities to ‘do something about it’. Bus. There was even a bus
driving regularly through our village.

My village.

Few voices shared my opinion – the changes did more damage than good. To
build the road (with sidewalk on both sides!) many trees had to be cut,
many meters of flowers decimated because people didn’t want to walk on
gravel. New homeowners built houses looked more like bunkers, devoid of
any character, only concrete, concrete, concrete. New builds migrated
closer and closer to the forest. And more and more voices shouted about
destroyed lawns, animals invading their land.

Laughable.

People move to village surrounded by forest on all sides and complain
about animals, about the trees.

I remember walking the old road. Asphalt broke under my old, taped
boots. Even walking in the middle of the road was safe. Not many people
had cars back then. I walked in the shade of old oaks, chestnut trees,
alders. Sweet smell invaded the air, forcibly made the day better, more
bearable. Chickens and cows, and horses sang their songs. Sea of green
wheat stretched up to the wall of the forest. In short two months green
would turn to gold, most precious thing in the world.

I remember the day they cut the oldest tree.

Lone oak stood tall on my grandfather’s property. With my grandfather
long gone, his children didn’t have anyone opposing them anymore.

I had my eyes on old metal plaque, matted, partially rusted by years of
braving the elements. Someone took a screwdriver and a hammer and made a
hole in a plaque. Then another, another, another and another. Holes
spelled the year tree had been planted.

1914. 

And they cut it. Just like that. Tree fell and I screamed. Someone
yelled for me to shut up, but it hurt. It physically hurt to see the
monument fall.

If Atlas falls, who would carry the world?

Memory still fresh on my mind, barely 10 years old, made my heart ache
once again. I searched and looked, busying myself. Just to not think
about fallen trees.

I think I still have that plaque somewhere.

Notification popped up on my phone. I barely spared a glance. New email
icon almost made me fall from the chair.

I walked with purpose. I walked fast. Faster than I thought possible
without running. History department was located in one of the oldest
buildings in the city, far from the campus I finished my degree in.
Unfamiliar, cramped hallways filled me with immensurable anxiety. I
needed out. I needed to be outside. On top of the tree, like a bird.

I wanted to fly away.

Knuckles met wood-lookalike plastic-covered cheap door. “Come in.” Deep
raspy bass responded to my silent call. Deep breath, the last like that
of drowning man, filled my lungs and I thought I might just die. Door
stood open yet the smell kept me from taking even one step inside.
“Please, come in. And close the door. I don’t want another complaint.” I
did as the voice asked. From the smell alone I thought the room would be
filled with white-gray milky smoke snaking its way across the air
slowly, waiting for any movement to propel it forward. But the air was
clear. Seemed to be, at least. “Hello. You must be-”

“I contacted you about the history of my village, yes.” I cut him off. I
didn’t like hearing my name. It sounded weird, wrong. At least when it
wasn’t shouted with anger.

Dark eyes peered at me from under meticulously plucked eyebrows. He
looked nothing like a man I imagined to see. Nothing seemed to be
misplaced. Not even one book or paper laid on the floor. Neatly arranged
books on the gigantic shelf stood proud in alphabetical order. “Yes,
well. Thank you for the email. And once again, I’m sorry for the delayed
response.” Crooked smile didn’t fit all this neatness around us. But it
did fit the smell. Tobacco heater raised up to his lips when he finished
speaking. I didn’t respond, so after he huffed out nearly nothing of the
smoke he inhaled, historian continued: “I’m proud to say I’m very honest
person, so I’ll give it to you straight. At first I thought you were
just another student too lazy to do the assignment. I ignored your
email. But I talked with few of my colleagues and none of them even
heard your name before, so I checked if you are in our database. And you
are. But you finished a degree from completely different department.”

I nodded at his words. “Biology.” My voice broke a little and I wanted
to die from the embarrassment.

The man smiled and inhaled another dose of nicotine. “Yes, that’s why I
agreed to the meeting. It’s quite unusual for a young woman such as
yourself to be wanting to deep-dive into the history of the place she
lives.”

I smiled politely. If he only knew of the shadows. The tapping. The
forest, the trees, the fallen trees. The trees keep falling and I hear
them even kilometers away. “I understand, but as I mentioned in my
email-”

“You can’t find anything beyond current affairs.” His eyes glinted, like
a hungry man’s at the sight of freshly baked bread. “But you found your
grandmother’s journal.”

My hand instinctively reached into my backpack. Fingers lingered on the
leather cover a tad too long before I pulled it out. “I don’t think it’s
my grandmother’s. First page is dated for 1914 and there’s my
grandfather’s family name. I think grandmother only kept it safe after
grandfather’s passing.”

Historian nodded. I doubt he heard any of the words I spoke. His eyes
already glued to yellowed pages slid across old, grayish-green ink, took
in the shape of letters, meaning of words. I waited for the verdict.
Memory of the faded blue ink turning freshly black popped into my mind.
Would he think I traced over the thoughts of people long gone? Fresh
tightness in my chest bloomed. Not waiting for the invite I sat down on
the only other chair in the room. I watched the man I asked for help. I
watched his expression shift slightly. Curiosity gave way to slightly
raised eyebrows, relaxed posture stiffened. Notebook – still open on the
first page – carefully landed on the desk.

“Interesting.” Quiet whisper startled me. Short finger traced line after
line of text. “You said it’s a contract between families about
relocation and safekeeping. And there is something like that written
here, but at the same time I don’t think it’s necessarily only about
this.” Brown eyes focused on me. They were shining. Sparkling. Shiver
ran up my spine. “I understand how you got confused. The language,
although not that different from the one we use today, is a bit
different. Words with slightly changed meaning when reviewed without the
context of the time they were used in can make the whole document mean
something completely different. This-” he pointed at the notebook. I
have no doubt he’d jab his finger into the page if it wasn’t so old.
“says about relocation and keeping safe in regards to the families named
on later pages. Someone agreed to help them relocate. Someone agreed to
keep them safe. But the words used here were chosen carefully. I think –
this is only my opinion now – that the families wanted to keep their
helper’s identity a secret. Maybe one of the sides invading this
terrain.”

“If the other side found the journal, they couldn’t say anything about
betrayal or anything, right?”

Historian smiled with only half of his lips again. “All sides of the
conflict were incredibly suspicious about everything. They could just
accuse anyone of anything, really. If there was any proof, that was
completely different story. Depends of what officer got assigned to
gather evidence of said spying. In most cases those families if caught,
would end up with their faces to the wall and gun to the back of their
heads.”

I nodded. No one would play the role of the judge in active warzone.
“This doesn’t really help here, right? The notebook. There’s no clue
about the village.”

Man looked at me for a second, his eyes lost focus as he drowned in his
thoughts. “I can look around. I definitively have more access to
archives and such than you.”

“And you know what to look for, how to do it.”

I agreed for him to take pictures of the notebook. Something deep inside
told me it would be really bad idea to let him keep the original for the
time being. No matter his mask of easy-going demeanor or half-jokes
about stealing it. I kept close watch as he positioned his light, fixed
the focus, changed lenses on the biggest camera I’ve ever seen. He
pressed the button again and again, and again, and again. Then he asked
questions. About the notebook, my family, family names mentioned in the
notebook.

Satisfied he gathered as much information as he could, he finally let me
go. Door closed behind me with soft click and I felt weight on my
shoulders double. I twitched slightly, looked straight into the shadow
of an unlit hallway. I swear I saw something move there.

Why was I spared?

Question circled back to me for the thousandth time. Why am I still
alive? I tried to- Few times in the past I- It’s difficult to even write
this. Words fall from my mouth no problem, but the written words feels
more permanent. More real. And I don’t want this information to be real.
I just want to forget I even did anything to myself. I lived.

Why?

This… thing, whatever it is, met me when I was a child. It would be
incredibly easy to just take me. Make me disappear.

I waited for the email with any information. I worked long hours,
volunteered for the overtime. During work, when I talked to people, I
joked with clients and scolded some, I laughed with regulars and got
angry at teenagers. I was normal. I had feelings, emotions. I felt
human. The feeling persisted when I turned the key, enabled the alarm
and walked the dark night like I owned it. Loud music made all windows
in my car tremble. Bit by bit, grain by grain, human in me escaped the
closer I got to the house.

Empty shell walked up the stairs to my bedroom. Didn’t eat. Didn’t
shower. Fell face first on the couch since I didn’t want to stink up my
bed. Didn’t fall asleep. That was out of the question. Alone in the
darkness.

Tap tap tap.

Not alone.

I was tired. So, so tired. Of fear, of living like this. Of being tired.
I blew all money I saved on moving to a different country and I came
back home faster than I left. I had nothing left to try. I had no
strength left to change anything. Not a job. Not a living situation. Not
even myself.

Tap tap tap.

But I was still alive.

I opened my eyes and pushed myself up. Work uniform clung to my skin,
oily, drenched. Smell of fries, pizza and stale sweat followed me right
up to the window. I opened it. Opened myself to the darkness. Cold night
air snaked its way into the room. Fresh, moist. It gripped my heart,
squeezed it tight. The smell of late night walks through still
undeveloped village. Wild boars, small excavators, dug through the earth
on both sides. Deer stomped through the meadows, elk not far behind.
Screaming foxes made my heart jump at the unexpected sound. Most of the
landscape stayed without a fence so the animal populations wouldn’t get
separated.

Late night walks with red eyes following me from every window. Late
night walks when no one was around. No one looked at me. No one laughed
at me. No one cared. The only time I felt at peace.

I looked into the darkness and didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.
Yet my eyes traveled to the left, to the forest. My heart began to sing.

“You were right. There is something weird about the beginning of your
village.” The man exhaled nauseating, sickly sweet smoke. It was
supposed to smell like blueberries, instead smelled like rotting corpse
set on fire. “There were no mentions about it before 1914. It wasn’t on
any of the maps. Here, look at this.” He grabbed rolled up piece of
thick paper and spread it on the table, holding edges with his hands
before I placed two books on each side. Perfectly manicured nail jabbed
into the green area. “This is a scan of map from 1910. That’s where your
village is now. Roughly. I compared it with the maps made just after the
war. Suddenly, in just under four years and during the worst, biggest
war yet those families in your notebook managed to build rather large
settlement in the middle of the forest. Where did they get resources and
materials? Where did they get as much manpower to build more than ten
houses in only four years? Even if everyone worked together, which would
be possible but it is a stretch, they wouldn’t have any materials to
build with. Could they use trees? Sure, but then the manpower stretch
breaks. And then!” The man vibrated with excitement. Another map rolled
open on top. Year in the corner written in beautiful cursive – 1939.
“This is map of the whole country made by German spies right before the
start of the Second World War. There is no settlement marked where the
village sits. Could be an error of one man, who knows. Except it’s not
only this map. To avoid mistakes, German military ordered three people
to make maps independently. There is nothing on any of them that would
indicate anyone lived in the area.”

My head spun, heavy from the overload of information. Historian rambled
on, asked me questions I answered automatically. Were there ruins
anywhere in the area? Any stories never written about, maybe, the whole
settlement being wiped out? He asked specifics too, but I said ‘no’ to
all of them.

Village popped up again in maps after the war officially finished. The
whole time there were only two points of exit – the main road, the only
road, from one smaller town to the capital of the voivodeship.
Everything else was just forest and farmland.

But around 2010, when my grandfather died, first agreement to cut down
portion of the forest was signed. First outsiders came in and wanted to
rule the land as their own with no regard to the people already living
in the area. Complaints about cows, chickens, pigs, horses being too
loud, too disruptive. Tractors and harvesters destroyed their warped
ideas of ‘peaceful, countryside life’. At which statement locals laughed
out loud. But rich and powerful had connections. I still remember the
fines people had to pay for supposed mistreatment of animals. Some had
their livestock taken altogether. I didn’t care back then, I was too
young to understand.

I understand now.

I thanked the historian for all his work and got up to leave. “Can you
give me some contact information to any older people living in the area?
I have to talk to them, get to the bottom of this. This, all of this, is
so bizarre. I’m shocked no one else noticed the discrepancies in the
maps.”

“I don’t have any contact to anyone to be honest. But I can try to get
it for you.” I smiled without any intention of providing what I
promised.

I walked the forest that evening. I walked trying to keep my fear in
check. I ditched sandy road and stepped into the bushes. I ducked and
weaved between low hanging branches. Smell of resin brought back more
memories. Happy, careless memories. Dry underbrush smelled like a fall
from the tree I climbed. Creek I followed sounded like steady, quiet
part of the river I used to jump into.

If only I wasn’t robbed of my innocence at such young age.

I got to the hill covered in fallen trees. Doubt nuzzled itself into my
heart. I moved quickly, before it could make me change my mind. I
climbed higher and higher. Wet trees (why were they wet?) like snakes
moved from under me, made me lose my balance more than once. But I
pressed on. Under the tree, over it, around. I reached the top and
didn’t know what to do. The mounds I found as a child no longer existed.
I didn’t know where I should even begin to look. I had no plan. Nothing
even close to it. Embarrassment washed over me. With few pieces of large
puzzle in my hand I thought I knew what I could do. Where would I get
the rest of the puzzle? There were no historical records to look
through, no one to talk to since everyone who might know something were
dead or close to dying.

But I was tired. I had to change something, anything. I sat down on one
of the trees and waited. If I turned out to be wrong, which I most
definitely was, at least this nonsensical existence would finally end.

I waited.

And waited.

I looked around some more, changed places.

And waited.

Light disappeared much faster in forests than outside of it. Trees
obstructed the sun, cast shadows much deeper, richer. I wondered if
maybe I would bump into the forester out here. His words rang true in my
mind – there were close to none animals left here. No squirrels, no
birds, no deer, elk, foxes, wolves, boars. Animals weren’t the thing I
had to fear here.

Sun set fast, shadows deepened and stretched infinitely, twisted and
merged with each other.

I didn’t hear anything. I didn’t see anything. I sat and waited, but I
felt like my wait-time neared its end.

Tap tap tap.

Hollow sound echoed both close and far away. Much different than sharp
tapping on the glass.

Tap tap tap.

I turned, tried to locate the source of it. To no avail. I saw nothing.
Nothing but shadows stretching endlessly. I stared into the darkness for
a long while without blinking, but it was worth it.

Because darkness stared back.

Something shifted ever so slightly. Hairs on the back of my neck stood
up. Primal part of me screamed to run, to get away. Something I didn’t
understand came closer, I felt it more than saw or heard.

“Why did you let me live?”

Darkness stopped as if shocked by my question. It couldn’t be, I doubt
it left any emotion. But I made it stop with my words alone. Unexpected.

“Did you need something from me?”

I stared into darkness, but darkness stayed silent. Nothing moved.
Nothing responded. I tried again.

“Do you need me to do something? Why am I still alive? You could’ve
killed me long time ago. But you didn’t. You need me for something, am I
right?”

I didn’t get an answer to any of my questions. At least not directly.

Shadow moved. Creeped closer silently, as if gliding above the ground.
Trees disappeared in it, not even an outline could be visible. It drew
nearer. Slowly, like a black wall. I sat and stared, terrified out of my
mind. It touched my outstretched leg and I watched as it got swallowed.
Darkness moved up my calf, crossed the knee, slowly obliterated my
thigh.

It didn’t hurt.

I still felt my legs. I could move them no problem.

Wall nearly touched my nose when I finally closed my eyes.

Memories flooded my mind. All at once, everything I wondered about had
been answered. I knew everything, from start to finish. Or rather not
the finish, no. There was no end to it all, at least until I was alive
and had something to say about it.

Darkness spit me out. I don’t remember how I got home, but when I did, I
fell asleep almost instantly. Next few days I lived in a daze. My head
felt like it could crack in the middle at any moment. Bone separated
from bone with wet pop of skin that finally stretched too thin. I
couldn’t keep anything down, slept next to the toilet and existed only
on paper.

“Are you okay?” someone asked. I nodded, not recognizing the voice
coming from the darkest corner of the bathroom. Or maybe this was only a
hallucination from exhaustion.

Slowly, but surely the memories separated, each one a bit clearer than
the rest still mushed together. Through eyes of others before me I saw
what happened and why I was still alive. I wasn’t the chosen one. I was
just in right place at the right time.

I looked at the face of the devil and tried to feel something. Anything.
Fear. Or at least regret. Nothing. There was nothing.

I said words, right words, but they had no meaning anymore. I think he’d
come with me no matter what came out of my mouth, just so he could
badmouth me once again.

“You can’t do anything right, can you! Went and got a degree for what,
when you can’t even think!? How long do you have driver’s license? How
long? Almost ten years! And you can’t even drive out of the sandy
road!?”

It went on and on, and on. Just like any other time he already had
something to drink that day. I just looked at the passing trees as we
drove deeper into the woods. Heart in my throat beat rapidly, I felt y
face grow hotter as he turned the car around. He got out and walked to
the back to asses the damage. I jumped out, walked fast after him. Cold
steel felt heavy in my hand before I raised it above my head. Then it
weighted nearly nothing.

Wet crack sounded much louder than I expected. I dropped the wrench. It
got buried in the sandy road by the limp feet.

Sweat poured off me. My back ached like never before. I could feel my
arms go more numb with each passing minute. Legs held on until last
second. Then I just collapsed. Every breath felt like a hellfire raging
in my lungs. Every slightest air movement caused my overheated, sweaty
body to shiver. But I made it to the top. Now the only thing left was to
wait.

I looked to the sky slowly turning darker shade of blue with orange and
red clouds here and there. I looked at the face of the devil. His eyes
were half open, he tried to gurgle something out. I almost felt bad.

Almost.

I tried to feel some sympathy or regret, I really did. I mean, this was
the man that taught me how to ride a bike. How to use powerdrill. He
taught me I shouldn’t expect someone to be nice to me without giving
something from myself. Taught me I would never be good enough if I
wasn’t like him. Taught me fear like I should never know at such young
age. Taught me that words hurt more than fists – he himself helped me
understand the difference. Taught me that anger is the most powerful
emotion there is. That no matter what I achieved, what I make of myself
– I wouldn’t be worth any type of love. Not even from my own parent.

I looked at the blood seeping out of the broken skin. It clung to his
hair, weighed it down in clumps. I opened my mouth to speak, but no
words came out. Tears did.

Shadows elongated, twisted and merged. I could barely see through salty
water, my own pain getting in the way of the revenge I longer for. I
furiously rubbed my eyes, but the tears wouldn’t stop flowing.

Earth moved behind him. I put my hand on his head, on his wound, and
pressed down. He let out pathetic whine and I choked out few last words
he would ever hear.

And then he was gone.

Swallowed by the dirtmound that haunted my nightmares for so long. I
fell to my knees and cried until I couldn’t anymore. I wasn’t mourning
him. I mourned my own life. The life I could have if I wasn’t born of
him. Or if he just stopped drinking. I cried and cried, and cried. My
tears fell on the dirt, mixed with his blood. I puked, and cried even
more.

I got home. No one noticed the blood. No one even asked where he was. As
if they knew. But they didn’t. They couldn’t know. Just like no one knew
about all those missing people from both wars.

I found a strength to start a new life. Finally got a push I needed. I
still need to figure out some things, like how often do I need to-
Nevermind. I already started planning. I would build a house in those
woods. Where would I get the money? I just will ask for a better job. I
could ask for money, but that would raise suspicion. Or not. But I
wouldn’t want to risk it anyway. So I’ll ask, wish, for better job. And
I will get it. Just like I will get the whole forest for myself. I won’t
put up fences, I want to help animals thrive. They started coming back,
you know? I saw a family of foxes. And a deer. I will get anything I
wanted until I kept my part of the contract. I could wish to just be
safe, just like the original contract stated. But I wanted more. So I
will have to provide more. Everything has a price.

Historian wrote to me. He wanted to meet, talk about something weird he
found. He mentioned the tapping. Poor guy got too close to the truth. I
suppose there would be one more fallen tree. I knew it would be the last
one. At least until I was alive.
