This happened to me when I was still in high school. I’ve only just now
been able to fully process it since starting EMDR therapy.
Throughout my childhood I didn’t really have friends who lived near me,
so I had to make do with my immediate surroundings. Behind my house was
a creek that fed into occupying neighborhood houses. Some of them had
open backyards, some didn’t.
I’d make a game out of it to see how close to a house I could get before
I chickened out.

As I got bored of that, I found it was much more enjoyable trying to
find areas I could go fishing. Secret “honey holes” as the community
calls them.
I’d scour Google Maps for any body of water near me, no matter where it
was. First I’d go to ones that were close by and easily accessible, like
a park with a playground or a hiking trail with a pond. I quickly found
out that the more popular a spot is, the less the fish bite, so I had to
find ones off the beaten path a bit. Frequently I found myself in places
you’d never think to go even outside of the context of fishing, like
retention ponds behind warehouses or small man made reservoirs tucked
away next to power plants. Anywhere I could get to by any means
necessary.

After a while I collected a small list of regulars I’d cycle through.
One of the more riskier ones I found was deep in the woods on a private
farm only a five minute biking distance from where I lived. I found the
pond by accident one morning exploring the creek. The pond itself was
just close enough to a large farm house where I’d be able to see someone
going in or out, but not enough to be in the line of sight of anyone
there.

To be on the safe side for the first few times I hopped the fence, I’d
exclusively go very early in the morning or late midday. Texas sun in
the afternoon is notoriously bad during the summer, so I figured if I
didn’t see any cows grazing, no one else would be outside doing anything
either.

And for the most part, I was right. Looking at yellow pages showed one
resident at that address, that being an 95 year old man named Robert
Willoughby.

On the property classic cars in varying conditions sat in random areas.
Some in the front yard, some scattered about in tall grassy areas and in
the field.

At first I thought they all belonged to individual people who lived
there.

That initial visit I was an anxiety ridden mess.

I kept telling myself that no one cares that I’m here. I’m just a kid
exploring a trail.
If I was caught, I’d cut my losses and hope they’d see there wasn’t
anything more to it than that.

Until I saw one of the car doors open.

Immediately I ducked down behind a patch of thorns, scratching the hell
out of my legs and ripping parts of my socks. I didn’t wait around for
very long to see who got out. All I could do was tell myself that I was
too far away for anyone to spot me.

After I calmed down and trekked back home, I got on my computer and
looked into the house.

Google earth let me see it from its earliest point. The pond had been
there since the late 90s. Isolated. The fishing pressure would be
nonexistent. A long gravel driveway connects the house to the main road,
and it’s a straight shot to my house from there.

A week after my first visit I decided to push my luck again, this time
going at 6 am. The previous experience was still very fresh in my
memory, so I took extra time to scout more of the area from the fence
before I made my way over.

The cars were still in the same places as they were. I could see weeds
poking through the hubcaps, as well as heavy rust on the frames. Most of
the glass had either been removed altogether or showed old cracks from
branches falling overhead.

My eyes found the car from last week still sitting, untouched, looking
like the other cars it shared the field with. It was in worse condition
than I thought. The bright blue paint garish as it was, had faded and
chipped all over.

No signs of anyone at all.

I climbed over the fence carefully avoiding the thorn patches. They grew
ten fold since the last time I was there, and the path was just barely
visible. From there it was only a 10 minute walk to the pond.

The water was noticeably lower. Tons of vegetation now clung to the
surface making accessing fishable areas a chore and a half.
It was clearer the more I waded through the knee high cattails.

I was there an hour. Nothing.

The sun was making itself known in the worst way. It wasn’t even 8 and I
was already drenched in sweat. Mosquitos really liked that.

I did not want to go back over that fence. Wading through that thick
weed line already took everything out of me. In my adrenaline fueled
excitement that morning I neglected to bring a water bottle. Not even a
plastic half pint.

All those cars were just lawn junk. As cool as some of them looked I
knew damn well they’d never run again. The house sat just beyond a steep
hill littered with fragile clay and loose rocks. Daunting, but not by
much.

If I went fast enough and grabbed the exposed tree roots I’d be over it
with enough time left to pick where to scurry off to next.

Oddly, the oppressive heat and mosquitoes gave me a sense of security.
It sucks out here for me, so it sucks for everyone else. Much less a 95
year old man cooped up inside.

I found myself right in front of that hill. The pond was a small enough
body of water that walking along the bank wasn’t too much of a hassle,
and my hypothesis about the tree roots was correct. Only took me a
couple tries to get ahold of one and pull myself up. A little difficult
with one arm holding my fishing rod. Ended up dropping it a few times
and nearly rolled my ankle.

Covering ground atop the hill wasn’t as bad as expected. A 1960s Ford
was rotting near the gated area of the back. No lock on the latch
either.

A large kids slide sat beside the diving board near the deep end.
Walking up to it was a little risky,but the overgrowth and green algae
sitting atop the once chlorinated water told me not to worry.

It was an actual pool, too. Not a plastic husk sitting on grass. There
were no signs of it being used other than the slide, but even that
looked like a tetanus shot waiting to happen.

None of the windows were visible. Completely boarded up from the
outside. Each one had a thick metal sheet screwed into the frame and
welded together.

I didn’t linger too long after that. The heat was getting to me. Beyond
the pool,the long driveway curved off toward the road. Fresh tire marks
in the mud. Nearby,the sound of a car door shutting.

A postal worker with two children in tow. Both look sickly and gaunt.
Couldn’t have been much older than me. They had a calm trancelike
demeanor about them. Barely reacting to their surroundings in any way
save for their intense fixation on the front door as they walked.

The postal worker looked absolutely terrified. His facial expression is
one thing that stood out to me the most. My grandfather saved me from
drowning once. Fell from a dock and he sprinted faster than any
geriatric could and grabbed me. That was the look.

They disappeared from my line of sight. All was quiet for a few seconds.
My body flinched as the front door slammed shut.
Gravel and mud shifted under the mailman’s feet. He was at a full
sprint, alone.

I ducked down again and just watched. He fumbled with his gear shift and
peeled out of the driveway, getting the tires partially wedged in the
mud.

It was 9 am. Not a single cloud in the sky. Almost directly overhead.
The dense foliage and low light I relied on no longer did anything to
conceal my bright yellow shirt.

The driveway was only a hundred feet away from me. If I could just get
past the gate, there was a small area near the front lined with cars.
One of which was a decently sized minivan half sunk in the mud.

The damp muddy grass helped soften my footsteps a bit. My sandals hardly
had any traction left in them which made the climb up that rocky hill
more hassle but kept them from sinking.

Striking the ground with the outside edges of my foot helped me roll it
down silently. Next foot. I felt a light amount of resistance and the
faint sound of something dry start to crack. Pause. Lift the foot up.
Just a piece of particle board.

The damp took priority over the dry. It didn’t matter if the next step
was mud or cow shit. As long as it didn’t crunch.

Coming up on the minivan, I could see the driveway and the front of the
house. Most of those cars were in very poor to very good condition, as
much as I could tell at my age anyway. Normally when you see old cars in
good condition they look overly polished and clean. These weren’t. They
felt more used, or lived in, for lack of a better word. But not
neglected entirely.

The front windows of the house weren’t covered. Pitch black inside. Like
looking at a black square painted on a wall.

Next foot down. Lift the other up. Roll into the ground. Mud. Beyond
that, gravel and dead grass. My attention split between where my feet
landed and the windows on my right.

Right foot up. A small patch of green. Right foot down. Crunch.

I froze in place and listened. Nothing.
There wasn’t a fence to hop and a creek to disappear to anymore, so I
continued to wait for any further signs justifying my next step.

One word, spoken clear as day, kept me from moving.

“Hi.”

It sounded like it was directly behind me. A quick glance in that
direction didn’t give me anything. Just the faint movement of dead grass
from the hot air.

The front door was wide open. Pitch black just like the windows.

“Hi.”

This time from the entryway.

“Hello?”

It just slid out of me. I do not consciously remember making the
decision to respond.

“Hi.” The voice said.

“I was just fishin’ round the corner down there.”

No response.

“I’m just trying to leave.”

The door slammed shut.

Driveway still had a good football field and a half to go before it fed
into the street.

There was a sound that seemed to surround me on all sides. Sharp and
direct, like it was eating my teeth.

I bolted. To anywhere my legs could carry me, which had me awkwardly
slide back down the hill near the pond. There wasn’t time to think about
anything but getting past the weed line. My sandal got lodged in the mud
at least three times,the third time resulting in it sliding off my foot.
Water filling the hole and submerging it completely.

I now had one bare foot exposed, haphazardly stepping around murky water
lined with slippery green algae. Getting closer to the fence was my only
way of keeping it together enough not to fall.

After making it to solid ground again my next task was finding the path
that led to it, which disappeared under the thorns and sticker burrs.
The sound started to grow louder, carrying itself across the pond and
directly to me.

Crawling low to the ground and deliberately focusing on my steps started
to get me somewhere familiar. I could tell from the white thread strewn
about in the brush that it was the same patch that ripped apart my
socks.

One foot in front of the other. Pause. Listen. Nothing. It just turned
off. All I could hear now were the cicadas in the trees and the
mosquitoes flying too close for comfort.

Moving branches out of the way while hobbling on one foot proved to be
physically taxing. Every step brought a new discomfort. Rocks, dead
twigs,broken beer bottles and thick grass lined my trek back to the
creek.

The fence stood right where it was supposed to. It bent slightly under
my weight. The thin wiry frame stabbing my legs and ripping the seams of
my shorts as my body went over it.

The sound was back again, albeit a bit further away. A loud, droning
noise, coming from all over.

I ran. I ran until I reached the creek. The noise never let up. A
constant taunting thing. Following the creek, I made it to a storm
tunnel that connects to a house that leads into my back yard.

There’s a concrete barrier I had to jump over to make it to that area of
land. I mustered up all my energy and hopped over it.

I felt a strong tug at my hand as soon as my feet hit the ground.

I couldn’t move.

Well, my hand couldn’t.

Sticking out of the concrete barrier was a rusty nail embedded into the
wall. My hand was impaled on it. The sound was getting louder and
louder. A few feet in front of me, in the woods, trees started to fall.
Snapping and crashing one after the other. Slow. Deliberate.

Having no where to go, the only thing I fell back on was to just scream
for help. As loud as I possibly could. I screamed until my voice was
hoarse. The air from my lungs only served to cause me more pain as my
hand bled and throbbed on that nail.

From behind me, my mother came running. Frantically asking me what
happened. A nearby neighbor heard my screams for help and dialed 911.
The sounds stopped.

A bit later a crew of EMTs arrived, and assessed what to do with me. I
remember pleading with them to figure out a way to get me off without
having to forcibly pull me off. They couldn’t.

With one swift movement they grabbed my hand, and pulled straight back.
It came free, and I ran to my mother. I promised her to never to go
outside without telling someone where I was going.

I meant it, too.

After going to urgent care for the night and getting my hand stitched
up, my mom drove me home.

Sitting on my front porch was the fishing pole I left behind.
