Hi I’m new here, I had an absolutely terrifying experience that has left
me in an absolutely torn state of mind just this last Sunday/Early
Monday morning.

I went on a camping trip with my 2 good buddies (I’ll call them John and
Andy for the sake of this post) at Wall Lake in the Uintas. It is about
a 1.5 mile hike from the parking lot, we decided that we liked the
eastern section of the lake because it was little more secluded than the
rest of the lake so we set up our gear there.(it is important to how we
were set up, I was on a “cliff edge” in a tent John was in a hammock 20
yrds east of me and Andy was 100 yrds south east of me) We fished for
most of the day and had a great time!

By the end of the day we were pretty tired so we just hung out by the
fire and swapped stories until 11 PM when we decided to hit the sack. We
all passed out pretty quickly, until 1:39 AM I was abruptly woken up to
what sounded like a man speaking… it was no further than 30 ft feet from
me, at first I thought I was just groggily waking up but quickly
realized that this man speaking wasn’t forming any real words it was
just gibberish.

I was immediately sent into panic knowing there is nobody else at this
lake tonight we had watched the only other group pack out much earlier
in the day. I laid extremely still waiting for more clues as to what
this might be. there was absolutely nothing, dead silence. So I chalked
it up to be a dream that just carried over to me waking up. I fell back
asleep for about an hour when I was woken up again to a deep and
guttural “call” not 2 ft from my head, it did it in sets of 5, 3 times.
Once at my tent, no more than 2.5 seconds later at Andy’s tent, and no
more than 4 seconds later at John’s hammock.

At this point I’m flipping my shit because I know that something is out
there and it is damn fast. While I’m laying there waiting (for god knows
what) I start hearing footsteps, HEAVY footsteps come to my tent. These
footsteps are causing rocks to kick and twigs to break. It comes RIGHT
to my tent and just stands there. I am in tears from fear, I am in a
frozen state and cannot form any life saving thoughts.

It continues to walk around our campsite from 2:30 AM until 5:15 AM and
while I wish it was only walking around it was also “talking” and
screeching and hitting trees and doing these ear piercingly loud “calls”
the whole time I laid there praying that we would just come out of this
unharmed. I was sending satellite text messages to my girlfriend through
the night.( I would hide under my sleeping bag so the light of my phone
wouldn’t show on the outside of my tent)

At 7:31 I finally gained the courage to step outside my tent and go see
John and Andy and ask them if I was being absolutely insane. I asked
John first, the first thing he said was “it was standingu over my
hammock, I couldn’t see out of my sleeping bag hole but I’m positive it
walked right to me and I could feel it staring down at me” he also said
“it said my name.. it was whispering in mumbles and only clearly said my
name” he then mentioned that somewhere around 3:30 AM he shot up with a
flashlight and scanned the area but didn’t see anything. I remember when
I saw that light and at the same time that light turned on I heard
footsteps sprinting towards my tent. Andy claimed that “I drank the rest
of my flask and only woke up once to my air mattress deflated, I felt
like I was being watched but figured I’m in the woods no shit I’m being
watched”

We immediately packed up our site and cut the trip short and went home.
I have not been able to sleep right since. I keep having this intense
flash backs that give me panic attacks. I don’t know what scares me the
most. The fact that we have absolutely NO idea what it looks like, or
the fact he had to of been listening to us before we went to bed to know
John’s name.

Please it would bring me so much peace if someone could debunk this but
at the same time I’ve fully accepted the fact that this might just be an
evil spirit that is in the uinta mountains.
