It was pretty late when we pulled to our hotel’s parking lot. It was
convenient that we were able to find one in the middle of Southern New
Mexico. Where there were probably more tumbleweeds than people in the
endless desert.
 
We didn’t have a reservation, as we hadn’t planned to stop that night.
So it was lucky that they had a vacant room available for us. My sibling
was asleep in the back seat, so my father went to check us in before
coming back to get us and our luggage. We were coming back from our
annual trip to an amusement park a couple states away. Hence, we were
all really exhausted and hungry from walking around all day. So we ate
takeout from the sketchy looking Indian restaurant next door, in our
dimly lit room and watched whatever was on cable. To my surprise, the
food was actually better than decent. After we ate, we immediately went
to sleep so we could get up early in the morning to continue our drive
home.

At some point during the night I slipped into a dream. I was in my hotel
bed, which was pretty unusual since I hadn’t been there long enough to
know the layout from memory. I usually don’t even dream about my own
bedroom. Or really have dreams at all for that matter.

Lurking at the foot of my bed I caught two pairs of white orbs staring
at me, watching me sleep. They didn’t seem to notice that I was awake
now, so I tried to stay as still as my trembling body would allow. At
first I thought it might have been one of my siblings trying to be
funny. But when I looked a bit harder I could just barely make out the
pruney humanoid figures crouching and hunched over in a way that I or
anybody else could probably never reciprocate.  Their eyes were hollow
and sunken in. Their skin, a dark grey amongst the shadows. I saw one of
them approaching my younger siblings’ bed, where the small hump of their
body peacefully slept. Unaware of any impending danger. The creature,
the thing moved with a slow, calculated, animalistic gait towards the
bed.

I was suddenly jerked awake as it finally reached the side of the bed
and quickly reared up to stand bipedal overtop of them. In a cold
sweat,  I went to my mothers bed to tell her about my dream. She
groggily comforted me and told me to go back to bed, so after a while of
staring at the water damaged ceiling, I did, and was able to sleep
through the rest of the night without any dreams at all. Or none that I
can remember.

Then I woke up again. It was dawn so the sun had invaded and illuminated
our room, despite the cheap blinds being closed. I got up to pee, and as
I did I passed by the foot of my bed. There were deep, and gnarled
scratches on the wood of my bedframe that I didn’t remember seeing the
previous day.
