You stand in the middle of a field; you don’t know how you got there. In
fact, you don’t know anything. Did your life just begin, or have you
just forgotten your past? You can’t tell. You look around; nothing but
grain fields as far as the eye can see. Weirdly, the eye can see
concerningly far; the earth seems to have no curvature, and the grain
fields continue endlessly. You tilt your head slightly in confusion; is
this normal? Maybe, who are you to judge? You look down at your
clothing; you’re wearing worn, generic, brown boots, a pair of dirty
blue jeans, and an old and ragged flannel shirt. You take a deep breath.
Weirdly, your nostrils fill with the aroma of almonds. You don’t mind
though; it makes you feel at home. You look around once again, and this
time notice an old house a couple of miles away. Without a second
thought, you walk towards it.
It’s been an hour, maybe two, and you’re at the house. You look through
one of the windows, a dim yellow light is illuminating the interior of
the home, you spot a rocking chair, bopping calmly back and forth.
Despite this, it’s empty. In fact, the whole room is. You walk up to the
front door and knock politely, no response. You wait a few seconds and
attempt once again, still left with no answer. You step back and look
around you, at the unending grain fields and at the spotless bright blue
sky. You decide to open the door and walk in.
As you enter the home, you can hear a squishy sound beneath your feet,
from walking on the wet beige carpet. The house smells like old people,
like wet carpet and old furniture, with a hint of medication. It makes
you feel nostalgic, even though you don’t remember your grandparents;
you don’t even know if you’ve ever had any. But the thought is nice. You
look around; the interior resembles something from the 1970s. You spot
dark wooden walls, along with a brown leather sofa, topped with flower
patterned pillows. You explore the house further, but unusually every
room you enter is a nearly identical copy of the previous one. Finally,
you enter a new room; it’s completely empty, except for a small crawl
space door. You open it slightly, it’s pitch black. You look outside the
window, glancing at the impossible grain fields. You don’t have much of
a choice. You enter the crawl space, and after a few minutes you crawl
through the door on the other side.
On the other side, things are different. You inhale, and you can smell
soap bubbles and burnt plastic. You look around in the interior of the
house; it’s a typical 2000s suburban home. You start walking around, the
entire house is spotless and clean, it smells like dishwasher soap. You
see an old TV playing a cartoon, it looks so familiar, yet you can’t put
a finger on it. You try to, but as you do, your head starts hurting, so
you continue on, maybe for the better.
You step outside and look at the grass; it’s green, too green,
artificially green. You crouch down and touch it, plastic. It’s fake,
just as the ground beneath it. You walk out onto the road and look down
at the houses, they’re all the same as this one, an endless American
suburban neighborhood, continuing on and on eternally in a straight
line. Surrounding the neighborhood are hills, covered in that same
artificial grass. On one of the hills, you spot a windmill, it’s
turning. Weird, there’s no wind. A slight feeling of dread fills your
body. You open a mailbox and take out a letter; it’s blank. You check a
few more mailboxes, but to no surprise, they’re all blank. After about a
dozen blank letters, you discover a letter containing nothing but a
picture of a man and his family, you don’t recognize any of them. Still,
you decide to put the letter in your pocket.  You consider walking
further down the monotonous street, but what would be the point?
Instead, you make the decision to sit up against a white picket fence.
Will you spend the rest of your days in this artificial world?
After resting against the fence for a few hours, it doesn’t turn dark,
instead the sky turns blood red. Startled you stand up, is this your
sign to move on? Maybe, or maybe it’s meaningless. Maybe not every story
has a moral, you think to yourself. You begin moving towards the
windmill, as it’s the only unique thing in sight.
After a few minutes of walking on the artificial hills, you reach the
windmill. There’s a door on its side. You open it, inside is an
elevator, playing generic waiting room music. Without thinking twice,
you step in and press the only button. The doors close and the elevator
starts moving.
After what feels like 30 minutes, the elevator abruptly stops, and the
doors open. Outside is an empty airport; the smell of kerosene,
recirculated air, and cheap airport food hits you. You step out of the
elevator and look at your surroundings. It’s a long, linear part of an
airport, continuing on and on. On one side, there are huge windows,
allowing you full view of the planes outside on the runways, though they
are all stationary. Unsurprisingly the sky is once again blue, without a
cloud in sight. Occasionally there are placed moving walkways along the
floor, though it’s a 50/50 gamble whether they work. On the opposite
side of the windows is a grey marble wall, with a monitor every 10
meters displaying departing flights and gates; they’re all nonsense and
constantly changing, except for one. Sometimes you hear beeping noises
in the distance, but it never leads to anything. The airport reminds you
of going on vacation with your family, that is, if you even had a
family. You don’t remember, and it doesn’t matter anymore.
After walking aimlessly for a couple hours, you walk up to a monitor and
look at the departures. You can’t make out a single letter on any of the
flights, except one. It’s a few gates away, so you start walking. When
you get there, you sit down on one of the chairs. It’s like all the
other chairs, synthetic black leather with metal armrests. You feel
slight discomfort as you sit down; the chairs are sticky, as if somebody
had poured soda all over them. You look at the monitor, 4 hours until
departure. You make yourself comfortable, listening to the faint sounds
coming from a commercial ever so far away; you close your drowsy eyes.
When you wake up, you’ll get on that plane.
You slowly wake up; rub your eyes and look around you. You’re not in the
airport anymore, instead finding yourself in a mall. Fluorescent lights
from the ceiling dimly illuminate the mall; their constant hum-buzz is
giving you a slight headache. Disappointed, you stand up and start
walking once again. Will you ever find meaning, or are you destined to
wander forever?
You walk up a flight of stairs and open a set of doors; you’re on the
roof. An impossibly tall fence surrounds the edges of the building. The
sky is cloudy and grey, no more melancholy spotless blue sky. You look
down on the ground, you see the grass, you crouch down and touch it,
expecting the same plastic as earlier. But no, it’s real, and so is the
dirt beneath it. Relief escapes you as a grin, and you lay down in the
grass. After a few seconds it starts to rain, you don’t mind it, it
makes you feel alive. You close your eyes; new hope blooms within you.
After a few minutes the rain suddenly stops, and you open your eyes. You
look up at the blue sky and feel the grass irritating your skin; you
touch it, fake. Did it change, or were you just desperate for something
to cling to? You begin to sob. But you quickly dry your eyes and stand
up. You walk back in the mall; the lights are now turned off, the only
light source now being the neon lights shining vaguely above the closed
stores. You feel uneasy as you walk the shadowy mall, always seeing
slight movement in the edges of your peripheral vision; you shrug it off
as paranoia.
After walking for a bit, you start to hear a rolling sound ever so far
away. As time goes on, the sound comes closer, and as it does, the
unnerving feeling grows. Suddenly you hear an agonizing scream in the
distance; it’s coming closer, along with the rolling sound. Terrified,
you run. Past closed stores. Past dark restaurants. Nowhere to hide.
Until you reach what looks to be a massive indoor playground. You run in
there, the screaming sound only growing louder.
Quickly you enter one of the slide tubes and cover your mouth, holding
your breath. For a moment, everything stands still. The screaming stops,
but you can hear the rolling sound slowly pass you. It then heads away,
in the same direction as before, and only when the rolling sound is
completely gone do you decide to breathe again. Relieved, you crawl out
of the tube and look around. Whatever it was, it’s gone. You walk around
the play area and inhale deeply through your nostrils; the smell of
pizza, sweat, and disinfectant hits you. It doesn’t bother you; it makes
you feel like a kid again, or maybe it’s for the first time. But it
doesn’t matter right now, you feel safe, you’re not scared anymore.
You traverse the world of fun; and as you do, you notice that most of
the play equipment is covered with mold. And as you stay, you can feel
the mold spores fill your lungs. You feel betrayed. You walk into the
eating area of the play park and look at the pizza; it’s rotting. It’s
clear to you now; everyone left a long time ago, you’re not supposed to
be here.
You head back to where you came, but the entrance is locked off.
Instead, you head for the staff only doors. As you open the door and
walk in, you find yourself falling. After falling for a bit, you land on
a carpet. Your back hurts a bit, but otherwise you’re fine. You stand up
and look around; you’re in an office, a boring mundane office. Lit up by
bright, lifeless fluorescent lights. The smell of black coffee and
printer paper fills your head. You check a few of the cubicles; they all
contain the same items; an old computer, a calendar, and a cup of
coffee. Unusually, all the calendars display different dates, and the
coffee is frozen solid, despite the office being of room temperature.
You try logging on a few of the computers, only to be met with a screen
reading: “ACCESS DENIED”. In frustration, you smash the computer screen
and turn away. You look back at the screen; it’s completely fine. Your
anger is meaningless; you are powerless.
As you wander further through the gloomy office, a new scent hits you;
chlorine. You follow the scent until you spot something bizarre. In the
middle of the office is a large, circular, crystal blue pool, framed by
spotless white pool tiles. You hesitantly step closer, to look down into
the pool. You can’t see its bottom, despite the water being pristinely
clear. You step back, why is this here? This isn’t supposed to be here,
even you know that. Bewildered, you walk away.
You wander through the office for a while, lost in your own thoughts.
Eventually you see a wall decorated with paintings; they’re all
identical. The painting features a man with a blurry face. As you
continue walking alongside the wall, more of the image gets erased.
Until eventually, it’s an empty canvas. Your brain starts hurting.
Beside the last painting is an emergency exit door, you walk through it
and find yourself in a hospital. The smell of hand sanitizer and bleach
hits you. You start panicking; you don’t want to be here. You turn
around and try exiting back through the door; it’s locked.
Pushing through your discomfort, you walk through the lonely hospital
halls. You look at your surroundings; outside every other room is a
hospital bed, and all the plants are plastic. Occasionally, wires hang
down from the ceiling. You try entering a few rooms, but they’re
completely empty, stripped of all interior. They all have windows,
giving a view to the plastic grass plains outside; you feel dreadful.
Eventually you come across a door marked with a big red X. You hesitate,
but then open the door.
Inside is a fully decorated hospital room. You sit on the chair next to
the bed, beside you is a photo album; you see pictures of childhood fun,
farms, of grandparents, neighborhoods, and of family vacations. It all
feels so unfamiliar, and you don’t recognize any of it, except for one
picture. You take out the letter you kept from the mailbox earlier and
look at the family; it’s the same family as in the photo album. But in
the album, the man is missing. You wonder, where could he be?
You look in the mirror beside you, there he is.
Disillusioned, you look out the window; the grass is dead.
You hear the sound of a door opening
A doctor walks in and hands you your Alzheimer’s medication.
