So i need to get something of my chest. I’ve been thinking about it a
lot these past 2 days.
On thursday 2 days ago we were driving to my grandparents. Its a 6-7h
trip with the car.

My mom, Fiance, our 2 cats. Have had a pretty chill road as always,
nothing like this has ever happened since i was alive and can think. (We
usually drive 8-10 times per year to visit im 30 years old)

At 23:45 there was eventually a longer road, and a construction side
where one side of the street is blocked, so we had to wait at a placed
traffic light (this construction has been there since a few months
already).

So we wait, my mom on the frontseats with me, and fiance on the right
backseat with our two cats. About 1 minute of waiting my fiance (which
usually sleeps the whole road) thankfully was awake and suddenly
says:”hey, there is something, oh god” to which she started stuttering
trying to say “there is a guy” but we didn’t really understand her.

My mom and me turn around, i was watching thinking its some wild animal
you usually dont get to see but cant see anything due to the dark and
the doors. My mom yells” OH GOD JUST DRIVE” so i immediately lock the
doors and start driving full speed through the red light.

A fully black clothed guy with a white mask (no wholes for mouth or
eyes) was literally sneaking through high grass to the right back of our
door, crawling on his hands and knees in hope that we dont see him.

We dont know if he was alone, or if he had anything in his hands, but
about half a meter next to our car my fiance saw him and potentially
saved our lives. It sort of looked, as if he was watching if someone is
alone in the car..

Bear in mind, its about a 10 min drive through a street with literally
NOTHING, but a village that is just a few kilometres ahead with about
150 people living in it. That was about 15 min away from our final
destination.

We immediately called the police and informed them to which they said
they will forward it. But thats all. And no information from the police
since then (i assumed they didnt really do anything and until they would
arrive the guy probably disappeared).

We were speculating if this was just a dumb prank, but at this time on
this day literally 0 cars drive through here. And not even to the bigger
cities there was barely cars on the road. So chances that only about one
car passes per hour is pretty big.

My mom had trouble sleeping and ive been checking for longer if there
isn’t any tracking device attached to the car, not that this would make
a difference if he had.

I dont know what to think about this except telling you be extra careful
at night and always lock your doors. This could have turned out very
very bad i dont even want to imagine what this sick fuck had in mind.
I have a really hard time believing that this was just a prank. Because
of how it just happened + at the middle of nowhere.

What do you guys think, i still get shivering when i think about this.
