Previous Post

Hello everyone, this upload is going to be a bit different than normal.
This is in relation to my last case; however, I haven’t gone on any new
cases since. This post is more of a warning for everyone.

For those who want to read the last part stop reading here and click the
link above for my last case. For those who want the TL; DR of the story
here is what happened. In Sao Paulo Brazil underneath a cathedral a
tunnel leading to a church where the objects inside were solid gold was
discovered. Two archaeologists went missing in those tunnels. We later
found they were killed in an effort to summon Mammon. We failed to stop
the ritual, actually assisting in it and fled as the church had caved
in. That happened two weeks ago, taking us to today.

First, I want to clear some things up, the Vatican is not very happy
with me posting these stories about my cases. My work creates results
though, so they let it slide. This post has been approved by them in an
effort to save lives.

Now what’s different about this compared to my other cases, this is more
like a case study. The phenomenon happening is too sporadic and random
for us to intervene and after much deliberation we decided warning the
public was the best way to handle this.

The entity we are looking at today goes by The Tithe Man. Little is
known of his origins, or his appearance. We believe he appears nightly,
and that there are 14 cases. We have only had six reported to us though.

What is similar in the six cases reported to us is that the gender stays
the same he is always a man. Three people gave very different
descriptions of his appearance. The other three though gave the exact
same so we will be operating under the assumption that is the correct
form.

What has been reported to us is that he is nothing more than a shadow.
This could be attributed to him only appearing at night though. The
three victims could not describe any defining features, other than him
wearing a stovepipe hat, and what appeared to be a trench coat.

All fourteen cases we believe to involve The Tithe Man were with people
who attended church regularly. The denomination of Christianity did not
seem to matter though. He appeared in their living spaces, and in cases
where someone was asleep, he would wake them up.

No one outside of targets has ever reported seeing The Tithe Man.

He would ask for a tithe, offering wealth in return for paying it. Those
who are paid would find extreme wealth within 24 hours. They would not
be able to enjoy it though as many of them died in gruesome ways within
a week. By our estimates eight had paid, and six of those eight are
dead.

Let’s just say that the shape the bodies were found in, that wealth was
not worth it. Multiple times someone would call local authorities in the
middle of an attack as the victim would scream, and there was the sound
of a struggle. The bodies when found each time were seemingly mauled to
death as if by a giant bear.

Now why would these people pay the tithe? That is also a good question.
Those who reported the case to us said that it would speak as if it were
an angel, testing the heavenly virtue of charity. Many believed it, as
it could manifest into someone’s house, and truly did make them rich
within 24 hours.

Of the six who reported The Tithe Man to us, only one had paid. They,
however, only offered twenty USD and did not gain wealth the following
day. So, some might believe that not paying is the answer, but one of
the six has since died. This could be unrelated though as it was ruled
to be due to heart failure. The five remaining people have reported
having bad luck in their day-to-day lives, such as going through a
sporadic breakup, or losing their jobs.

This implies that either way if you see The Tithe Man you will suffer in
one way or another. Clearly the better answer though is to not pay as
you may still have your life. We do not know if there is a specific
amount that will guarantee your survival, but we do know the minimum is
over twenty dollars and we believe it is fifty.

Now comes the question what is The Tithe Man. We do not know for sure,
but we do have a theory. Our running theory is that The Tithe Man is
either Mammon or an agent working for Mammon attempting to buy souls. If
you “invest” with him and allow him to make you wealthy, he will collect
shortly after.

We do not know exactly why he would need to buy souls, but we are
stumped on this case and cannot think of a better explanation.

Now some may wonder why we are letting this occur. Why don’t we
investigate and attempt to put an end to this madness?

The short answer is we do not have the tools available to us to predict
the next location he will appear. There has been at least one victim on
four different continents. If this is a supernatural force, which we
believe it is, we can’t track it down in time to prevent the next
offering.

Even if we could track it down what can we do? If this is Mammon our
priests are not confident that they could perform an exorcism on a being
that powerful.

The best option in this case is to warn the public and hope that the
popularity of my previous cases can help save lives.

So, if you see a mysterious figure appear in your house wearing a
stovepipe hat and trench coat, and if you can’t quite make out any
features beware its honeyed words. “The lord has asked for a tithe,
prove your charitable will and your generosity will be rewarded ten
thousand-fold” You may just be selling your soul.

As for any theories please feel free to give us yours also. We do not
quite know what we are dealing with and would love an outside
perspective as to how this case could be solved without putting any more
lives at risk.

Postscript:
Last night I was visited by who I believe to be The Tithe Man. The three
who could not make out his features were right. He was nothing but a
shadow and spoke with a surprisingly raspy voice.

Instead of asking for a tithe though he offered me a warning. “Cease
your intervention into our plans. Do not investigate these claims any
further unless you want to join those who tried before you.”
I am not going to heed his warning, as I am already packing for my next
case.

Unfortunately for the case of who this Tithe Man is or what he wants I
believe that will remain unsolved.
