Accompanying an officer with a missing foot into the emergency room
understandably caught a variety of side-eyes and shocked stares. This
was something I expected. Four Rivers wasn’t the largest city after all.
Quite a few people knew who Officer Patterson was. The hospital staff
was frantic to minimize the damage from the unfortunate amputation. They
instructed us to wait in the waiting room while they tried to save our
supposed new ally. 

After a couple of minutes of waiting, I told Victoria I was going to use
the bathroom. The thought of using the sink to wash my face sounded
fantastic after the hours of sweating profusely and being under immense
stress. I made my way through the corridor and I took a right turn into
yet another deep corridor to the men’s restroom. I pulled on the handle
and it didn’t budge. I rolled my eyes and leaned against the wall next
to the door. Just then a man in a suit was walking toward me from down
the hall. 

Thinking it was a mistake, I tried not to make eye contact. I tried
looking around the hallway at the various cheesy medical advice posters.
The question, “How do you know if you have sickle cell anemia?” on a
poster with a sickly cartoon man with a frowny face seemed interesting
enough. Then I felt a hand collide hard with my head. I whipped around
to find the suited man sticking a finger right in between my eyes. 

“You are a major pain in my ass kid. If you keep this up, you will end
up just as charred and melted as that officer’s foot.” he said very
sternly. “Your messes are hurting our operation,” he said sternly.

“Who the hell are you? What makes you think you can slap me like that?”
I yelled at the suited man. My rage was boiling over. After what me and
Victoria went through, this guy’s arrogance was pushing me over the
edge. 
“Cool it Hulk, you touch me and your parents won’t remember you even
being born.” He was obnoxiously rude in his tone. I was using all of my
self control to not sock this guy right in the mouth. He was scrawny and
well-kept. I kept sizing him up when he spoke again. 

“Heed my advice LEO, you take you, and your girlfriend, back to your
dorm, and forget anything that happened today. Keep spouting information
about any “fungus creatures” or “your friend Braden” and you will wish
that the fungus got to you too.” He spoke my name with the same attitude
as a middle school bully. That was enough, I had to shut him up. I
turned to drill a punch at him and a strong arm caught my fist. Then
another fist collided with my face temporarily sending a red hot sting
through my head. I covered my face as blood started to pour out of my
nose. 

When I opened my eyes another man in a suit and dark shaded lenses shook
his hand after the punch. They both were standing around me. Not
allowing me to go in any direction. The arrogant guy spoke again. 

“Dumb people don’t listen to me, kid. From my perspective, you are
looking very dumb right now. Weren’t you an engineering major? Dumb
engineers don’t make money.” I recollected myself enough to ask some
questions of clarity, the impact of the fist still pulsing hot pain in
my head. 

“Why do you know that? Why do you care so much?” I held my hand under my
nose to stop the bleeding. 

The man snickered and shook his head, “Call me Gabriel, and if you heed
my warning you won’t see me again. Don’t screw me over Leo, forget about
the bloom.” 

The two men casually walked down the corridor and turned out of it. Just
then an elderly man opened the bathroom door. He gave me a long
concerned look, as if he cared even a tiny bit. I shuffled past him and
shut the door to the bathroom. I enjoyed the cold water as I splashed it
on my face. 

What did he mean by ‘forget about the bloom?’ I thought as I cleaned up
my bloody nose. I had a feeling that no matter what happened, I would be
seeing Gabriel again. I exited the bathroom and casually walked back to
my seat next to Victoria. She was nervously fidgeting. 

“What is our plan?” Victoria asked me and looked at me. Admittedly, I
had no idea where to go from here. I really wanted to know more about
the heinous being that tried to consume us, but I also just got right
hooked in the nose by people I don’t even know. 

“We have to know…we have to know what it was. What took Braden, I mean.”
I glanced around making sure Gabriel wasn’t there with his cronies. “It
came from your lab, something had spawned from your lab. Maybe we should
check it out?”

Victoria thought for a moment. She met my eyes and nodded slightly.
Hopefully there wasn’t anything left in the lab from the recent
incident. The sun had begun to rise in the sky and we were severely
lacking sleep but we kept on pushing on. But something was very wrong
when the lab came into view. 

We looked at the large front window, and it was pristine, it looked like
it had just been installed. The front door had large yellow tape on the
front door. We ducked behind another building when we saw several armed
men patrolling the outside of the building. I squinted my eyes to read
their uniforms. 

“MYCO Division” I whispered to Victoria with some curiosity. I had never
heard of a government or private entity with that name. Given, with the
line of work they were in, I doubt anyone had. 

“What are they doing here?” Victoria asked in response. We took a few
pictures with our phones of the armed men, and the areas that were
previously damaged. Seeing no possible way in to the lab, I motioned for
us to go back and we vacated the area quietly. We walked toward the on
campus library while we racked our brains for what the next course of
action should be. 

“We can’t just give up! I don’t care who the MYCO division is, my
research might have led to one of my best friends becoming a horrid
monster. Victoria was at her wits end with suggestions, and I could tell
that ambition that led her to begin the research in the first place was
starting to haunt her. As I was thinking about our early group meetups
and discussions, I remembered something we had talked about quite
often. 

“What if we did a little grave digging?” I replied after some thought. 

“I am not digging up a dead body, that is where I draw the line.”
Victoria said with a growing concern on her face. 

“I’m sorry, I should’ve been more clear, I meant what if we looked into
something that has been considered a myth. You remember those stories we
used to discuss about the Red Menace and that professor who went
psycho?” My clarification made my suggestion much more digestible for
Victoria. She considered my suggestion for a couple of seconds. 

“Yeah, Dr. Mercer I think was his name, he was a huge genetic splicing
professor. One of the best in the entire country. Where would we even
begin to find him though? And would he even be able to understand
anything?” Victoria posed some extremely thought provoking questions
about our newest lead. 

What if he was just some crazy old man? I thought to myself. Either way,
it was better than nothing. We walked through the automatic doors of the
campus library, and after a short walk we made it to the front desk.
There sitting behind the computer was Norma-Gene Rose. She was sort of a
cryptid at AST, she has been the head librarian of the campus library
for as long as anyone in recent history could remember. This ancient
woman was known to everyone on campus as a sort of historian as well,
and we were hoping that she would have the information we needed to find
the illustrious Dr. Mercer. 

“This might be the earliest I have ever seen anyone your age in this
library.” Norma-Gene chuckled at her joke. Her prescription lenses
served better as telescope lenses with their incredible thickness. 

“Hi Miss Norma-Gene, I was wondering if you could tell us where we could
find Dr. Mercer?” Victoria asked the librarian with a sweet tone. The
librarian upon hearing that name brought her eyebrows together and
frowned slightly.

“Ah, Dr. Nigel Mercer. Such a sweet young man, He always cared so much
about his family. You said you needed to know where he was?” she was
basically yelling at us. Her shrill voice cut through the silence of the
early morning library like a new pair of scissors. Rumors had said she
was hard of hearing but I hadn’t thought it was that bad. 

“Yes ma’am, we need to ask him questions.” I responded to her question
after I was done wincing. Luckily none of those armed men were walking
around, they would’ve known our intentions immediately. 

“I am not sure, I believe he used to live near the old biology building.
Instead of taking the right to go to the building, you take a left down
that country road. I just remember seeing him living in that cute little
town house.” she was remembering with her eyes closed. I shot Victoria a
questioning side eye in response to the technique we were witnessing.
“If I remember correctly, it’s the first house on the left with the nice
fountain in the front.” She smiled after the last statement. 

Already weirded out by the interaction, we thanked her, and made our way
to Victoria’s apartment. It was the closest and we knew her car was
there. We stopped on the way at a gas station and got ourselves an
unhealthy breakfast for an unhealthy situation. We hopped in her old
four-door that had been passed down from her older brother. I was
surprised it still ran, but it will do for now. The seats smelled of
very faded cigarette smoke. 

We drove the five minutes away from campus, talking about what
information we do know: the abomination came from Victoria’s research
lab, there is a guy named Gabriel and an organization called MYCO
Division combing the area around campus, and last but not least, Gabriel
mentioned something about a “bloom” and that we should forget about it.
This was plenty to try to articulate, but hopefully it is enough to get
Dr. Mercer to understand our plight. 

I held my breath as Victoria took the first left as described by
Norma-Gene. The house we pulled up to was very overgrown, and the
windows all looked boarded up from the inside which was a little
strange. The details of the house however were still in decent shape.
Someone was evidently still living there. 
We cautiously exited the car and walked slowly up to the front door. I
scanned our environment and saw some small details that did not settle
my nerves. On the trees nearest to his front porch, large growths of
mushrooms were growing out of the bark. It made me sort of sick to my
stomach. On the porch, there were things like a sledge hammer, a rusty
machete, and some expended bullet casings scattered on the stained wood.
All of which were very in character for the stories that we had heard
about Dr. Mercer. 

I hesitantly knocked three times on the door. My knocks were met by
silence. We waited for an awkward several minutes doing nothing. I
looked behind us and saw a buck with decent size antlers in the field
across the street. It must have heard my knocks because it was now
looking straight at us. 

“WHO ARE YOU?” a voice yelled from the front door which was now slightly
cracked. Both me and Victoria jumped at the sudden loud yell. I could
see two chain locks still holding the door shut, and three dead bolts
had been unlatched to open it even a tiny bit. “I don’t answer the media
so you may as well leave!” he graveled through the crack in the door. 

“We needed some information, and we have been told you can help us.”
Victoria spoke into the small gap. 

“I don’t give information. Now leave!” He shouted again through the
door. He wasn’t even visible yet I could get an understanding of his
physique. He sounded unkempt and rugged like a burlap sack left outside
for weeks. 

“We were hoping you might be able to help us understand what the ‘bloom’
is?” I tossed that hail mary out hoping it connected enough context to
get him to help us. I assumed right. The chain locks were quickly undone
with some clacking sounds from behind the door. The door swung open, and
he was standing right in front of us. 

My assumption about his appearance was true, but not as much as I
thought. He must have been in his mid 50s, with a small amount of silver
in his hair. His hair was messy, but he looked loosely put together. The
inquisition in his gaze had an intensity that would rival Sherlock
Holmes. 

“Where did you hear that term?” He asked while staring me dead in the
eye. The awkwardness was as thick as old oatmeal. 

“That’s what they referred to as, the thing we had to deal with.” I
couldn’t find the right words for our previous trauma, so the phrase
“thing” came with a slew of hand gestures trying to give it more
meaning. 

He glanced around and looked at our car. Seeing Victoria’s beaten up old
car, he relaxed a little bit, but was still very stern with his
commands. 

“Go inside and sit down at the table.” he nodded slightly toward the
inside of his house and moved out of the way of the door. 

We obliged his request, seeing as there wasn’t much else we could do at
that given time. His house was significantly darker than the mid-morning
light outside. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust, but his home
decor did not corroborate the whole “I went insane and burnt down a
university building” legend. It was very organized inside, with candles
and decorations being neatly arranged on every surface. Even the
photographs and art on the walls looked as though they were meticulously
leveled to look perfect. It almost made me think he was expecting
company. 

I caught a glimpse on the way to the table of Dr. Mercer with a woman
and a little girl. I had to assume those were his aforementioned family,
of which no evidence of their habitation in the house was visible
currently. 

Victoria and I sat at the dark stained wooden table and waited patiently
for Dr. Mercer to do something to break the awkwardness of the
situation. He trudged through the kitchen with heavy steps and turned to
us. 

“Tea? I just made some hot water in my kettle. While I pour, what are
your names?” He said in a warm yet stern voice. We both nodded and
introduced ourselves, and he poured us what I assumed to be green tea in
national park branded ceramic mugs. After pouring our tea, he settled
into a chair across from us at the dining room table. He took a long sip
of tea out of his own mug, and then aggressively pointed a finger at
both of us. We both instinctively jumped at his sudden movement. 

“Here’s how this is going to work. This is a trade. You tell me
information, I give you information. The more you give me, the more I
give you. Simple.” He relaxed in his chair as we rolled his ultimatum
over in our heads. I exchanged a glance with Victoria; I could tell she
too was trying to figure out where to start our story. “Or we can just
sit here in silence. Obviously there are more productive things we could
be doing but whatever you guys want to do.” The sarcasm in his statement
was not happily welcomed by us. 

“Our friend Braden got infected by something.” Victoria started off.
“Something that messed up his body really badly.” 

“What do you mean ‘messed up his body’?” Mercer cocked his head to the
side after she dispelled that vague description. 

“It looked as if he was rearranged in his own skin. It looked like there
were deep voids where his eyeballs used to be, and two large pale spikes
had emerged from his body.” Victoria said surprisingly calmly. She did
have a noticeable reservation with her statement, still obviously a
fresh wound like removing a bandage carefully. 

“A roustabout.” Mercer said. He still remained completely serious in his
tone. Our eyes were glued to Dr. Mercer in the silence as he revealed
actual concrete information to us. “The lowest form. Characterized by
its inconsistent movement, attempts to vocalize, and its violent
behavior toward anything that moves. The two spikes are also very
telling, all other forms have more controlled protrusions. Would you say
that is what your friend became?” He looked at us and we nodded in
agreement. 

“How did this happen?” Victoria blurted. Her plea was a violent contrast
to the quietness of the house. I would say something tool, but she took
the words right out of my mouth. 

“I believe young lady, you are the one who has to tell me that.” Mercer
shot back to Victoria. The glaring question had finally been addressed.
Braden had been exposed to the violent transformation while working in
their lab. That was the truth, whether we wanted to believe that or
not. 

“We were working on growing synthetic organs using a bleeding fungus as
a base with human DNA. Braden must have caused some sort of mutation or
something” She hung her head slightly, like a little kid who was guilty
of something childish. Mercer shook his head. 

“History is learned and documented so that we do not make the same
mistakes our forefathers did. I told those university bastards that
prolonging human life that way would end in shambles.” Mercer ranted,
throwing his arm up in the air as the statement ended. “That isn’t your
fault young lady, the university has been made aware that these
experiments open the doors for unwanted horrors.” He muttered to himself
and polished off his cup of tea. He stood up and walked to a bookshelf
in the living room. We left our cups on the table and followed close
behind him. He thumbed through some covers of books as if he was looking
for a specific book. 

“You hadn’t told me yet, where did you hear that terminology Leo?”
Mercer shouted as his face was buried in the bookshelf. “Some old
newspaper?” he prodded. 

I told him the truth. “Some jackass named Gabriel jumped me at the
hospital and told me to forget about it.” My truth seemed to sit heavier
in the room than any other exchanged information. Victoria looked at me
concerned, I forgot that I hadn’t told her yet. 

Suddenly, a heavy book fell from the shelf and hit the floor. I looked
up to see that Dr. Mercer had whipped around to stare directly at me. A
concerning fury was painted all across his face like war paint an angry
parent wears to protect their kids. 

“Did you say Gabriel?!” He cursed under his breath and quickly moved to
a small cabinet in the corner of the room. He flung the door open and
grabbed a slim black shotgun by the barrel and aggressively grabbed a
box of shells. He dumped the shells on his coffee table in the living
room and began shoving them into the shotgun. Victoria and I moved back
toward the kitchen as he became more dynamic. He grabbed some binoculars
from the cabinet as well and poked his head through the front window
curtain. 

“What’s going on!” I shouted as I held my hand back as if bracing
Victoria from what was unfolding in front of us. Mercer stayed
completely still looking out the front window with the binoculars. He
waved his hand aggressively to have us come toward him. 

“I wish you had told me you were followed.” Mercer said in a dead
serious tone. He moved his head away from the binoculars and held them
up to the window. I moved to the window and grabbed the binoculars from
him. Without looking at them, I saw the deer from earlier, now sitting
at the edge of the property. I put them up to my face and squinted my
eyes to see what the issue was. 

The deer was a clever disguise. The image that met the lenses of the
binoculars was even more haunting than Braden’s fate. The face of the
deer sat lifeless and limp, but behind it, it looked like something was
holding the deer’s face. Its antlers, unlike normal bony antlers, were
now pale with a dried blood staining the entirety of it. They extended
out of the head of the deer like trees consisting only of spikes, just
like the ones from the roustabout, with ripped flesh hanging from its
branches. Its eyes were deep voids, and looking beyond the deer, it
appeared as though something was standing in the deer’s shadow like
someone hiding behind a bush. I tried to control myself but my heart was
thumping loudly in my ears. 

“What do we do?” I nervously asked as I backed toward the kitchen.
Mercer frantically grabbed a step stool and used it to get himself close
to the ceiling. Large cylinders that I had not originally noticed spread
across the wall where the ceiling met the wall face. He used an allen
key to get them open, then he slowly let them down. As they came down, I
noticed they were steel shutters, like what malls would use to close
their stores. But these had been heavily fortified, and were cut and
scraped badly on each surface. They slid down with a metallic screeching
as he released each one. In only a few minutes, the whole interior of
the house was fortified, and I hoped and prayed that it was enough to
keep it out. 

Victoria had been keeping her eye on the “deer” as Mercer fortified the
interior of the house. According to her, it made no effort to move from
its current spot. Finally Mercer sat down for a second after all the
windows and doors had the shutters covering them. He rubbed his face
with both hands, showing the stress of the situation settling in for
him. 

“Why is it not moving?” Victoria stammered out. “Shouldn’t it be trying
to kill us already?” The break was nice, but she had a point. Suddenly
the vicious force we faced earlier didn’t seem so angry. 

“The buddy system.” Mercer spoke under his breath. The statement caught
both me and Victoria’s attention. He lifted his head then spoke, “It
learned a long time ago that it is safer to travel in pairs than alone.
The clown is always extremely weak compared to the others.” he gestured
to the deer and shook his head. “He is waiting for his partner to make a
move first.” 

“What is his partner?” I asked, the answer itself wouldn’t ease my
nerves, but any information is good at this point. 

“Always different.” Mercer had stood up now, and was laying out all of
his shotgun shells on the coffee table, including a couple bright orange
shells. He pulled the charging handle of the shotgun and aimed it in the
direction of the front door. 

Almost as if it were on cue, we could hear an ungodly, horrible
chortling and wheezing from the distance coming toward the house. The
deer was now hurling itself in our direction. Its body moved like a flag
that was flying in the wind and was devoid of all grace that the
original deer had. In only a couple of seconds, it was slamming itself
against the front door. I felt decently confident at the time about
Mercer’s three deadbolts and chain locks, until I glanced out the window
and saw a very fast shadow start moving toward the house. 

“Dr. Mercer! Out there!” I yelled and pointed toward where I saw the
shadow. He only had a few seconds to glance in the direction I pointed
before a violent mountain lion-derived screech came from outside the
front door. The shadow flew toward the front door and hit it with a very
loud THUD. Mercer kept his gaze trained on the door, but he snuck back
toward the kitchen and with an off hand, opened the cabinet and brought
out a cattle prod. He moved back toward the door and held it out to me
and Victoria. I quickly grabbed it and examined it, making sure to note
where the on button was. 

The soldiers of the bloom were splintering away at the door. Piece by
piece they clawed through each splinter of the door until a claw stuck
itself through the front door. Dr. Mercer did not flinch. He just kept
the shotgun barrel trained on the opening. Shards were being grabbed by
clawed hands that look like they were drawn by a kindergartener. Various
arrangements of fingers of different lengths mixed in with deer hooves
pulled each shard away from the door. Its guttural articulating, which
now sounded more like a husky laugh, became louder and louder through
the growing hole. 

“What do you want me to do with this?” I shouted as I held it in a
stab-ready position. 

“Electricity is the only way to stun the acrobat, that will allow us to
damage him!” Mercer shouted, keeping his eyes glued to the squirming on
the other side of the front door. 

The deer ruined all confidence I had in my ability to fight when it
tried to push itself through the hole. The steel shutters still blocked
its entry, but it pushed its deer-like head through the hole. The
shredded wood peeled back the furred leather skin of the deer, leaving
behind the clown as it was described by Dr. Mercer. Just like an anatomy
diagram, its teeth were in a neutral position on its weirdly humanoid
face, with far too many teeth to count from an initial look. The eyes
that used to belong to a creature of the forest have since shifted in
its head and now were bulging through the top of the splintered hole
with an unnatural yearn to kill. Its spike antlers were scraping the
door as it writhed in the hole. 

Cutting through all of the cacophony of noise was the teeth-rattling
blast of Mercer’s shotgun as its pellets tore through the clown’s face.
It flew back from the door and flung around violently trying to
recuperate from the damage. As the clown flung around on the ground, I
saw the shadow fly from the ground toward the tree. I readied the cattle
prod and turned it on. In that next moment, the shadow flew toward the
door and collided with the hole, nearly doubling its size. 

Now the sun of the afternoon bathed our shadowed assailant in light. The
acrobat as it were known, was unlike the other bloom pawns I had seen.
It looked fairly human, but its limbs look like they had been stretched
far beyond their physical bounds, as if it were hooked up to a medieval
torture device. It had a very short almost nonexistent neck, and jaws
were extended outside of where the skin of the mouth allowed it to. It
impaled the steel shutters with its elongated arm and aggressively
clawed for us. All the while emitting a screech that was halfway between
a mountain lion’s call and a bloody murder scream. We all backed up as
it tried forcing its way further through the steel shutters. 

After a few seconds of violent thrashing, the acrobat had gotten up to
its shoulder past the shutters. That was when Mercer jolted his hand in
my direction. 

“Shock him! NOW!” Mercer ordered. I did not hesitate; I moved a distance
away from the aggressive arm as it swung violently and stuck the cattle
prod onto the metal shutters. I assumed correctly that the shutters
would be conductive enough, and the acrobat began to seize as the
current reached his exposed flesh. Seeing as it was working, I held the
prod on the shutter with no thought of letting go. 

The flesh touching the shutters began to smoke and an awful burnt flesh
smell filled the entryway of the house. It still reached for us, but it
struggled to fight the current flowing through it. As I pumped the
acrobat full of electricity, Mercer frantically loaded up one of the
orange buckshot shells and aimed it straight at the gaping mouth of the
acrobat. I had to shield my eyes slightly when Mercer fired the
buckshot. It exploded from the barrel with a fiery fury and collided
with the acrobat’s face, sending pieces flying everywhere like one of
those videos where they blow up a watermelon. The remaining body of the
acrobat charred from the flames and fell limp on the shutters. 

I let off the shutter with the cattle prod and backed away toward Mercer
and Victoria. For a moment, all we could hear was the quiet crackling of
the small flames from the shotgun blast. 

“Did we kill–” I was asking but my question was quickly interrupted as
the body of the acrobat got a second wind. It squirmed and jerked in all
directions, like a dog being held by its collar. Mercer lowered his
shotgun and pulled a small pistol from his belt and aimed very
carefully. He fired a single bullet that collided with the acrobat’s
torso. As the bullet entered its skin, the acrobat broke loose and
stumbled away from the door. It quickly hobbled toward the road and into
the forest. 

Mercer didn’t waste any time. He quickly grabbed from dish washing
gloves from the kitchen as me and Victoria were trying to process what
just occurred. He grabbed a bucket from another room and picked up the
chunks of meat left over from the acrobat’s head with one of those trash
grabbers and tossed them into the bucket. After he had collected all of
the visible pieces, he opened the cabinet beneath his sink and pulled up
a white plastic unmarked bottle. He dumped the clear liquid into the
bucket and it steamed as it collided with the flesh. The bucket shook,
assumedly as the meat reacted heinously to the chemicals being poured on
it. The stench was so bad that the smell of roadkill would be a gourmet
scented candle compared to the entryway of Mercer’s house. 

Dr. Mercer did a once over of the entryway, and then motioned us to come
with him. Without his cue, Victoria and I might have stood there for
hours trying to unpack the assault we just survived. We walked through
his kitchen to a basement door that he opened. He shooed us in, and
followed down the basement stairs behind us. 

The scene in the basement was more what I was expecting when meeting
Dr. Mercer. An enormous cork board on one wall, with red thread
connecting newspaper articles, online website printouts, and pictures.
On the other wall, a map of the United States with various colored pins
stuck all over the states. A rack against the wall near the map had
several large customized rifles and a couple of more simple guns as
well. A futon across from a workbench and TV also sat in a back corner
of the basement. Victoria led the way to the futon and I followed right
behind, sitting right next to her as we waited for Mercer to catch up to
us. 

He had gone back and grabbed the bucket and brought it downstairs, it
still steamed from the chemical, although it no longer shook and
reacted. He put the bucket between him and us on the floor, and pulled a
rolling chair from the workbench and sat in it across from us. 

“I guess I can trust you guys after all.” Mercer broke the silence after
a few painstakingly awkward minutes but made a somewhat reassuring
statement.”Now that you have seen just a small preview as to what this
problem can become if left unchecked.”

“Yeah what the hell was that about?” Victoria said pretty loudly, her
curiosity did not hide her anger. 

“It’s been a minute since I gave a biology lecture to some college
students, but I suppose it couldn’t hurt now.” He coughed and cleared
his throat before speaking again. “I had a similar start just like
Victoria here, same ambitious idea to ‘extend the human lifespan ten
fold.’ I happened to run into the same roadblock you did, that being the
bloom.” He emphasized the bloom with quotation marks using his fingers. 

“At first, it was astonishing, a fully sentient fungus that could
control every cell it was connected to, I thought I was on my way to a
Nobel Prize. Until I quickly realized that thing crawled its way out of
the deepest pits of hell and I opened the door right for it.” he said
with an angry solemn tone. 

“So are you saying it is some sort of demon?” I asked thinking that is
where he was going with his story. As farfetched as it seemed, any
explanation would do for the violent behavior I witnessed. 

“No, not a demon.” He hesitated for a second. “No, fictional portrayals
of demons show they have some sort of motive or reasoning for their
behavior. In the field I have found that these things exist only to harm
and consume living things. They are wicked smart too, sharing all the
computational power of all neuron matter they consume. I am sure you
have seen some of that behavior.” We nodded slightly as we tried to
understand all he was saying. 

“Most importantly,” he continued again. “They remember everything, so
long as they can return that knowledge back to its ‘home camp,’ which
makes its population rise drastically after the first sighting.” He was
shaking his head as he said it, and then stood and walked toward the
cork board. “That’s how they found us here, I don’t think they followed
you. They just remembered an old friend’s house.” He gave a slight
chuckle at his comparison.

“Why do you call them clowns and acrobats? It seems like an unorthodox
nomenclature to use for this,” Victoria said, now relaxed slightly on
the dingy futon. 

“Those are just common types. I told you, it learns from absorbing brain
matter.” He pulled a newspaper clip off of the board and handed it to
Victoria. I craned my neck over her shoulder to see what was on it. The
headline read: ‘The Circus Comes to Four Rivers!’ After a few seconds,
Dr. Mercer continued. “The first human brain it consumed was involved in
that circus, so all subsequent forms and instances of the bloom are
related to the circus in some way. The naming scheme helped me
understand and simplify what they do and how to handle them. The clown
for example, acts and dances around like someone or something whom he is
not. The acrobat–,” he motioned toward the steaming bucket on the floor,
“–very agile and can swing and jump to scale obstacles. I cataloged
plenty in my various endeavors.” 

Things were starting to make some sense. I looked at the cork board and
saw some other notes that said things like ‘Dancer’ and ‘Juggler’ to
name a few. The one that stood out to me was the one right in the
middle, surrounded by lots of newspaper clips. Its label read
‘Ringmaster.’

“That’s the heart of the hydra.” Dr. Mercer saw my eyes on the note.
“You can cut off as many heads as you want but it will keep growing
more. You kill the heart, and you vanquish it. At least for a while.” he
coughed again, filling the whole basement with his loud bellowing cough.
“In the legend of the hydra though, it is a living creature and follows
simple rules. Fungi don’t like to cooperate, so usually I opt for
burning the bastard or using whatever corrosive chemicals I can find.” 

I started to have a clear idea about how to handle the bloom now, but I
still felt as lost as I had before we met him. How would a deranged
former professor and two rattled college students defeat this
otherworldly horror? I didn’t see something like a witch hunt working
for us. We needed a plan. 

I was about to speak up so we could form a plan when something flew out
of the bucket near the futon, right in Victoria’s direction. 

I am sorry for the cliffhanger; I promise I am not done. I just cannot
type more tonight. My responses might be spotty the next couple of days.
The MYCO Division didn’t really appreciate what we pulled in our last
scuffle and have been desperately searching for us. So to avoid them
catching my IP or location I have to keep relocating. I will continue
filling you guys in on my account soon. If you have a run in with the
bloom, just don’t let it pierce your skin. Stay safe.
