I just arrived back home from work. I am terrified of what they might do
to me if they work their way into my building, but for the time being, I
need to write this down as evidence in case of my disappearance.

It started a few hours ago, when I walked back from my quiet office
downtown. Today was like any other. I walk in at 8:45, turn on my
computer, grab coffee, and start my day. An hour later, bathroom break,
and 30 minutes of doom scrolling. I burnt both my hands making hot water
for tea, but otherwise fairly chaos free. After putting out a few fires
with some unruly clients, I enjoyed a brief happy hour with my
coworkers.

Jason works in IT, and usually keeps to himself. I never had a reason to
dislike the guy, but I usually avoided him due to him trying to convert
us over to his church. Given we don’t see him outside of the office too
much, I asked him to join us at the nearby bar.

“Drinking is a sin,” Jason snapped. Turning his head towards me and
realizing my invite was genuine, he muttered “But if you need the extra
accompaniment, there’s no harm in joining for a soda.” I recall almost
regretting inviting him right then.

I walked with Jason and the rest over to the bar. Jason slinked behind
the rest of us. He’s normally enthralled by the tablet he keeps by his
side, but today was different. He stared directly at me the entire walk
to the bar.

Sitting down, we yapped about the office drama, unruly clients, annoying
bosses, etc. But Jason just kept staring. Not just staying silent and
looking up at us - his eyes were piercing right at me. Not with alarm or
disgust, but a strange intrigue.

It wasn’t until everyone was wrapping up that Jason finally spoke.
“Th-thanks again for inviting me,” he said, still glaring. “I know you
guys do these things a lot, I never wanted to be a bother.” It was at
that moment that I began to question: how long has it been since he last
blinked?

“You really should come by the church. I’m sure everyone else would
really love to meet you.”

I told him no. He seemed disappointed, but smiled back to me gently,
with a look of anticipation. “The one who endures in the end is the one
who will be saved, I guess.”

I put on my airpods and began my walk home. My commute to and from work
takes roughly an hour, and with summer almost here, I try to get my
steps in by walking to and from. It took about twenty before I walked by
a man staring directly at me. No blinking.

If it weren’t for the man’s dilapidated clothes, I would have guessed it
was Jason again. But no, just a random homeless man. A stranger, who
bears no weight in my life whatsoever. He didn’t move, he didn’t say a
word, and no one else seemed to say a word. As I stepped closer, I could
see his body shake uncontrollably, until he got down on his knees.
Staring, with a strange innocence to his face.

Though I wasn’t too scared, you can’t be too careful in this city. I
rushed by him, blaring my metal music to amp me up and get home faster.

The music was only interrupted by bell-ringing. Specifically, from a
church. Worse yet, the alleged “church of rejuvenation”. Jason’s church.
I knew it, only because Jason wouldn’t stop inviting us to mass,
christian singles functions, and movie nights where they only played
veggie tales.

The priest (I assume - he wore a long white robe with an orange sash
around his neck??) came out quickly. Like the homeless man before him,
his whole body vibrated until he got to his knees.

Unlike the homeless man, he quickly rushed towards me, walking still on
his knees, and staring without blinking. What the hell has been going
on? The priest began weeping, not from fear, though I certainly was
afraid. With my airpods in, I couldn’t hear what he was trying to tell
me, but I could tell he kept repeating the same words over and over
again.

This cycle of behavior continued the rest of the hour. Random strangers
would prostrate themselves in front of me. Looking around, it didn’t
even seem like anyone noticed. Was it just that people mind their own
business? Could they not see what was happening to me? I ran back
faster, hoping to avoid this madness. I looked down on the ground,
trying to avoid more eye contact, but I could feel their glares pressing
down on me, harder and harder all the way back to my apartment.

My building is old, but it is my sanctuary from these unblinking
strangers. I’ve worked hard for this place - a corner apartment on the
seventh story. Windows outstretch the entirity of its walls, with the
East wall facing into the city street. Across the street, a larger
apartment complex, with patios lined systematically. I’ve always been
worried people could stare inside, but the distance is too great that
even if one could look, it would take extraordinary vision to see what
was going on.

That’s what I thought at first, until on each of the patios were
individuals, all glaring at me. I almost fell down, from concern. It
wasn’t just looking at my apartment, they were looking at me. They are
looking at me, even as I write this.

Looking up from my laptop screen, I notice some are crying, others
laughing, but all unblinking, with almost void expressions preventing
them from feeling anything. Others seem to have vanished altogether.

I realized where they went looking down onto the pavement. Most
unmoving, with a few still writhing on the ground since the height of
their patios weren’t high enough to finish them off. Looking closer, the
survivors (at least, the ones still moving) kept their gaze toward me.
Even if I hid behind a wall, I could feel their bleeding eyes directly
on me.

Walking upstairs to my room, I found a note. Welcome, our chosen -
Matthew 24:14. Someone entered my home!

I’ve hid myself in the bathroom, and called the cops. Though to be
honest, I’m unsure if they will be able to help me given the growing
number of bodies piling outside.

I’m no expert in contagion, psychopaths, religion, cults, or whatever,
but if anyone can help explain what is going on, and what any of this
means, please help.

And if you live in my area, please avoid looking directly at me at all
costs.
