I was running out of gas. 

I’d watched the needle creep lower and lower. I kept hoping a gas
station would pop up, but considering the wasteland I was driving
through, I had a bad feeling that the nearest one was at least an hour
back in the opposite direction.

“Stupid,” I muttered under my breath. I’d naively thought I could cross
this big stretch of empty desert in a single afternoon, but the scale on
the map had been deceiving. And now I didn’t have cell signal, so I
couldn’t even see a map.

At least I brought water! I thought, sarcastically. No snacks, though.
The last town had been so small there hadn’t even been a store. That had
been hours ago.

Ironically, the surrounding landscape was about as beautiful as you
could hope for- rough, red terrain against a sky turned purple from the
setting sun- but I couldn’t enjoy it, now that the fear of being lost or
stranded had entered my mind.

The evening was growing dark quickly, darker than I’d ever seen. There
were no street lights, no houses, and no oncoming headlights- just two
of my own carving a path through the shadows. 

But then- I rounded a curve around a rock face, and there it was.

A gas station, all lit up with a vintage neon sign. An oasis. 

Relieved, I wheeled the car into the dusty parking lot. The shape of the
building, and the fixtures, were distinctly mid- century, although worse
for wear. Overhead the neon arrow buzzed as I stepped out of the car and
examined the pump. It was an old style, with a handle you flipped down
and numbers that rolled up your price. It was all covered in a thick
layer of grimy dust.

And- there was no card reader.

“Shit,” I muttered, flipping through my purse as I walked inside.

“50 on pump 2,” I told the cashier. He was young and pale, with dirty
blonde hair that hung down into his eyes. He took the cash without
comment and dropped it in the teller. 

I went back to my car. I stood, mesmerized, watching the numbers roll
higher and higher. 

How does a place like this even get power? I wondered. I didn’t see any
power lines, and there hadn’t been any sign of civilization for miles.
Just open land, rocks, and dry grass. 

I shivered. The night air was growing cooler, and quickly. 

The numbers rolled to a stop with a loud click at $47.98, making me
jump. I went back in and asked, “Hey, can I get my change?”

The sullen clerk handed it over.

“Two dollars,” I scoffed. It was unreal how high gas was these days.  

“Wanna buy a lottery ticket?” The clerk asked suddenly.

“What?”

“A ticket. Or a scratcher? Can’t buy much in here with just two bucks.”

I nodded, and scanned the options. There was the usual stuff- Goldmine!,
Pick 6, BigBucks, but I never won on any of those. 

And then I saw the roll sitting on the counter.

I was surprised I hadn’t noticed it before. It was in a black cardboard
box with a demonic face on the top, the roll of tickets dangling out
like an extended tongue. In the top right corner there was a simple “$2”
in small red lettering. 

“One of these please.” I said, tapping the black box.

The clerk stood up straight and looked me in the eyes for the first
time. 

“You sure?”

I shrugged. “Yeah, I guess so.” I waved my hands at the wall. “I don’t
see any other $2 cards in here..” 

The clerk nodded sagely. “Sometime’s it’s like that.” he said. He ripped
off a ticket and handed it to me. I turned and began walking out,
furiously scratching at the tiny metallic squares with one of my
remaining pennies. They were all duds, except-

Under the silver foil of the last box was the word WINNER.

“No way,” I breathed. 

I ran back inside, the doorbell jingling. “Hey, I won!” I said, waiving
the ticket. 

The clerk’s face broke into a huge smile and he let out a laugh.
“Unreal,” he said. “I’ve sold hundreds of those, maybe thousands. You’re
the first winner.” His smile faded. “I can’t cash it though. You’ll need
to go down the road.”

“What? No way. C’mon man.” 

“It doesn’t even say what you’ve won,” he said. I wasn’t sure how he
knew that without reading it. Uncertain, I flipped it over. The back was
blank. 

“Hey, what is this man? A joke?” I said, irritated. I turned and stomped
out to my car. Two more dollars down the drain, I thought angrily. I sat
down in the driver’s seat and turned the key, my fingers touching the
vents and the weak heat. I wheeled the car out on the road, glad to put
that place behind me.

I drove and drove, the road unwinding ahead of me like a tape reel. Why
even sell a ticket you couldn’t cash? I thought. The whole place was
weird. It was truly in the middle of nowhere- surely that guy didn’t
live out there? I hadn’t seen any houses. But it made even less sense
that someone would drive miles all that way to work at a run down gas
station. 

The more I thought about it the happier I was to be away from it. 

After a time, though, I started to panic again. 

I was running out of gas. Again. 

I was no closer to civilization, and it was pitch black.

I kept going, the road winding and twisting through vast open scrubland
with no light but the stars. And then, I saw it. 

The same neon sign, the same gas station.

My heart sank. No, no, no. How? I wondered. I hadn’t taken any turns-
and I’d driven for hours- and somehow I was right back where I started.
This time I was out of money and gas, hungry, and tired.

I went inside and walked up to the counter. The same sullen man was
sitting there. When he saw me he smiled. 

“Back again?” 

I shook my head. “I don’t know how. I must have gotten confused, I’ve
been driving for hours, and I need some gas.” 

He looked at me, expectantly. “Well? Gas isn’t free.”

I shook my head, panicking. “I’ve not got anything but a credit card.”

He came around the counter. “Well. You’ll just have to work the counter
to pay for it then. Good luck.” And without a backwards glance, he
walked out the front door.

I tried to follow, but when the door closed behind him it locked shut,
as if by magic. 

I pushed. It didn’t budge. “Hey!” I yelled. “I’m stuck in here!!” I
screamed after him, continuing to pound the glass.

The man didn’t turn back. He walked out into the night, fading into
shadow. 

Where he was going, I’ll never know. I screamed and pounded on the door
for hours, and then I cried. There was no other door, no windows, no
people, no nothing.  When the sun finally rose the next morning I
watched it through the dirty glass of the front door.

After days of being stuck in the store alone, a car finally pulled up.
The driver came to the counter and barked, “Are you going to ring me up
or what?” 

And that’s how I came to work at the world’s most isolated convenient
store. People come in and they go out, but I can’t leave these four
walls. 

Every time there’s a customer I ask if they want to buy a scratcher.
Some do, some don’t. 

But there hasn’t been a winner yet.
