I spent the week at my friend’s cottage. There was four of us. It’s a
cottage in Wasaga beach. We drank a bit. I didn’t drink much. The first
night I remember we were watching the food network, or it was running as
background noise. I just seemed to keep that detail for some reason.
When we all went to sleep, everyone had their own bedroom. The first
night I had a dream I was in the diner on tv, eating a sandwich, and I
started choking. I woke up, thought nothing of it and went back to
sleep.

The next day, we pretty much did the same thing, except we went to the
beach. That was the only difference. So night rolls through, I go to
bed. Some time during the middle of that, I had another dream. I’m in
the diner again, next to me this time was an old man. He didn’t talk. He
didn’t move. He just stared with his hands crossed together.

I was on a barstool, a red one, at the front of the diner eating another
sandwich. Same thing happened, I started choking. I woke up. Thought
nothing of it. But I remembered the dreams vividly. At the time, I
didn’t pay much attention to them. I figured, food network, diner,
sandwich, choking, all subconscious.

On the third night, I didn’t dream about the diner. This was a black
void and I was lying on my back and there was something on my chest and
I couldn’t breathe. The same choking feeling. 

When I woke up, I was half on my stomach and half on my side. Something
was leaning on top of me. Oddly enough, my first instinct was to say,
“Nana, get off of me.” 

My grandmother passed when I was really young. Once, I realized
something was actually lying on me and there’s no way it could have been
my grandma, I twisted as hard as I could to my right side, pushing
whatever was on me off and the suffocating feeling left.  I was able to
move. I was physically awake. But after that weight came off my back..
The room reeked of a sulfur, rotted flesh, disgusting smell. The worst
smell I’ve ever smelled. I can’t even describe it. But it was thick and
had texture. Once I smelled that I jumped up and ran to the light
switch. As soon as I turned the lights on, the rancid odor vanished.

That freaked me out. I told my friends the next morning when they asked
why I was sleeping on the couch, what happened. So, on the fourth night.
I passed out on the couch. I had another dream. This time I’m in the
cottage. The phone rings. I walk over to it. What’s weird was I knew in
my dream I was at my friend’s cottage. But it felt like the house I grew
up in. I answered the phone. On the other end was my grandmother. 

She said, in an Italian accent, “go outside now and get your mother.”
Mix Italian with English. 

I can’t speak Italian and she was speaking how she normally would,
simple English words like, her exact words were, “go fuori now a chiama
tua madre.”

I go to put the phone down and casually set my mind to go call my mother
as if she was there at the cottage. Then, It hit me, mid-way to placing
the phone down, I put it back to my ear and said, “nana, aren’t you
dead.” 

And just as I said that, she cut me off and said, “Il diavolo è qui.” No
English words at all. I can’t speak Italian. But I can understand
some, like The devil is here. That’s when I woke up. Instinctively, and
in complete darkness, grabbed my keys, I left with what I had on, and
got in my car and drove home.
