I ask myself what it means to be insane. Is it to forget who you are? Is
it appear to others as someone unfamiliar to them? Is it a deterioration
of the mind? Is it when your cognitive abilities no longer present
themselves? Or perhaps it is when they are too strong and overwhelming?
Is it when you can no longer bare your reality and it is torturous? 

 

I feel like all of these answers partially describe my state as I
struggle to write these notes.

 

Sometimes when I walk I feel like my legs are getting sucked into the
ground and I get slower and slower and I see my destination, but cannot
reach it. Other times I sit at a table and reach for the fork, but the
table stretches and the further I reach the longer it becomes. My daily
life consists of such things, but I wasn’t always this way.

 

 

It all begun years ago, on a quiet farm, far away from the city’s
turmoil. I was the youngest child, I had two brothers, Tom and Jude, one
sister, Glinda, my parents, Mary and Scott, and grandfather Robert.

 

They were practical people, rose early, worked hard, ate well, went to
bed at a good hour. I loved them, but I was so different from them. I
loved to read, something my father and grandpa Robert called a waste of
time, something worthless dreamers do. However, when I had the chance, I
cut through the forest to reach the town and visited the small library
they had there to check out a new book and return an old one. I always
had to hide what I was reading, for it would bring me a whipping. I was
already slapped around and pushed around for being weak and contributing
little on the farm, I did not want to invite more punishment. My sister,
Glinda, often took pity on me, she would try to raise my spirit, but I
suppose she went about it the wrong way, because she always told me that
eventually I’ll improve at farm work and will no longer want to read. I
was totally alone, with my dreams.

 

One night I snuck out and went for a walk near the woods, it was then I
saw a flash and heard and unfamiliar sound behind a hill. I crawled on
top of it and saw a strange dark floating energy in the air, it went in
circles and got smaller and smaller and eventually disappeared. My heart
was jumping out of my thin chest, but I saw something there which was
left behind. It was a small black bag, I timidly walked up to it and
with my weak shaking hand I opened it and looked inside. There were
black seeds there that looked exactly like sunflower seeds. I dared not
to try them for I saw where they came from. I tied the bag and took it
home. I left the bag near the door behind my shoes and went to bed. All
night I had horrible nightmares of beasts with tentacles coming from
space and tormenting me.

 

When I woke and went to have my small breakfast, my brother Jude have me
a knock on my back and shook the black bag that I found in front of my
face. I was horrified, he thought it was because I tried to hide it for
myself, but my fear came because the beg was empty. I asked him if
anyone ate the seeds, he laughed and said that he split them up between
everyone, and that this should be a lesson for me about not sharing
findings with family.

 

Petrified I went and ate outside, alone, hoping that nothing bad would
happen to them.

 

Father made me work in the field that day, I was exhausted and went to
bed early.

 

The next morning when I went in the kitchen no one was there. I looked
out of the window and saw all of them sitting in a row next to the pond,
quietly. I came out and then my brother Tom turned to me and motioned
for me to be silent. I went back inside the house. They spent the whole
morning there, sitting, but then went to work as usual, however I was
very startled and an eery feeling was starting to creep over me.

 

That night I went back to the hill, but I found nothing there. I was
scared to find out what would happen the following morning, and well, I
did not have to wait that long. On my way back home I saw that all the
lights in the house were on and there was a figure that looked like my
sister walking towards me in the dark. Could it be that they freaked out
because I snuck out? That was my first thought, but I was very wrong. As
Glinda came up to me her face looked long and disfigured, her mouth was
stretched out upwards and her eyes rolled back into her skull. I
screamed, but was frozen in that spot. Glinda’s head, face and neck
stretched like rubber and fell of exposing many tentacles pointing into
the sky and moving around. In my absolute horror I managed to run,
better than ever before in my life.

 

I entered the house and saw that all of them were like that! They let
out a screeching noise and followed me.

 

I ran, the terror I felt that night warped my mind and mentally sent me
to another place. I ran and never looked back. I don’t know what
happened to my family, for I will never go back to that area.

 

Ultimately it was my fault, because I brought the seeds home. The horror
continued for all of these years and didn’t remain in the past. The
guilt ate me, but also the fear of what I did not understand, of what
they have become.

 

I used to have dreams, but now I have forgotten them all. Perhaps that
was the true definition of insanity?
