My friends and I (4 males between 15-17) went smoking some brokoli.
After a lot of time thinking about a place where we could enjoy or
vegetables, we’ve decided to go to a lake. We went there, it was late
and for some reason we all forgot about the parties that used to happen
there ( bunch of 16 y old dealers and weird 20-50 year old people that
didn’t work an hour in their Life’s…). We where there and I’ve got
Uncomfortable.. my 2 friends and that one guy nobody really liked where
against my premonitions to go ( something you need to know about that
guy we were staying with is that he is a bit wierd he’s that type of
person that steels money from his parents to buy weed and besides that
he’s a “rapper” that everyone used to laught at because he sounds like
some 10 y old on auto tune… there are a lot of things about him that are
wierd. Like very wierd but besides that he’s always pushing the vibes..
unintentionally). After they told me to shut up and that I’m a pussy,
some ppl were coming and all of our weed was by that guy… Turns out that
the group of ppl was our age and they all knew that guy from his yt
videos where he’s “rapping”… After I’ve had some smalltalk with a girl
in that group I knew from the school I used to go to.. every thing went
down.. they grabbed that guy and wanted our weed.. (they knew that he
had some stuff because even though I told him to put it some where safe
he continued to grind it in front of the group and after he understood (
he’s very slow ) that they weren’t kind he secured the stuff in his
pockets..

He told them that he didn’t had anything and they continued to push him.
btw they only harassed him.

After some time of laughing bout that harassment he had to go through (
my friends and I also laughed with them ), we slowly recognised that it
was our weed and told them to stop. (they didn’t want to fight they just
wanted to rip that wierd guy ),we started arguing and our weirdo saw his
chance and run, they all run after him (7 -10 guys). After they caught
him, our weed was gone but one guy continued to mob him and the other
ones told us to forget about them, they where kind and even though one
of them tried to grab me ( btw I’m not rlly tall but maybe a bit above
average and I also have some pounds to lose ), they were kind.. After 15
minutes of mobbing him. They decided to move on. I said bye to that girl
I knew. And we all went home. My friends told me, That I was in the
right and we haven’t seen our weirdo since then. What do we learn?
Listen to me and do never give ur weed to others to storage them. I lost
15€ 😔

BTW: excuse my englisch grammar it’s 3 am and englisch isn’t my primary
language.

Tell me about your Story’s
