The first time I stayed home on Halloween, I was running a 101.8 fever.
Low-grade, but enough to warrant a night in. To be honest, I wasn’t all
that bent up over it. I had just hit that pre-teen age where I started
to reject social norms and became embarrassed over literally everything.
The thought of facing the neighborhood bullies with a lame-ass costume
and an attached-to-the-hip mom and sister was enough to keep me in. It
happened to be a stroke of luck I fell ill.

Before my mom left with my little sister, she made me recite her
cellphone number thrice. They wouldn’t be out long, though. We lived on
the corner of a street just before a cul-de-sac, and they planned to
only visit our small part of the neighborhood.

“And no scary movies!” my mom said while adjusting Jules’ bumblebee
wings. “You’ll just scare yourself while you’re home alone.”

“I’ll bring you lots of candy,” Jules said. She held up her empty,
pumpkin themed bucket to me.

“Thanks, Jules.”

I turned on a scary movie as soon as they left. It was already
impossible to watch one while they were home, and I really looked
forward to eating popcorn and cozying up under a blanket until they
returned. 

We had set up a “Take One” sign on the door with an arrow pointing to a
bucket on a rocking chair so I wouldn’t have to get up to greet
trick-or-treaters. I always thought people who did that were kind of
pathetic, but now I was grateful I wouldn’t have to answer the door. The
curtains covered the front-facing window, and we didn’t have any windows
on our door, so no one could tell I was here, anyway. 

I made it about 30 minutes into Sinister before I had to turn it off
(mom was right, damn her!). I started channel surfing to find something
a bit more kid friendly. In the channel flipping, something weird caught
my eye. I clicked the back button a few times before I finally found
what I’d noticed.

It looked like a CCTV video where the camera was placed high up on a
light pole, and it aimed down at the front of a house. I tried to
remember if there were any horror movies that included a scene like
this, but nothing came to mind. It seemed harmless enough; there were
families walking up and down the street while chatting. Then, a little
girl starting to trot up the front steps of the house and—

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

I nearly jumped to the ceiling. I whipped my head around to look at the
front door as I heard a muffled “Trick-or-Treat!”

My heart thumped against my chest as I stared behind me in disbelief. I
could just about make out a shadow on the window curtains.

A creeping realization burrowed into my head. I slowly turned back to
the TV and saw a little girl dressed up as a pumpkin read the sign, take
some candy from the bucket, then bounce down the steps of the house back
to her family. I heard it all too, but not from the television.

No way, right? I thought to myself.

I crawled off the couch and sat closer to the TV.

Holy shit.

It was my house. My front porch, my painted blue door, our mailbox, that
was our goddamn street!

I put my hands on either side of the TV as if I could shake the image
away. The static fuzz buzzed softly against my thumbs. 

Maybe the antennae had patched into some security camera, or my mom was
setting up some elaborate scare to teach me a lesson.

Was I hallucinating?

I quickly felt my own forehead, but I couldn’t tell if the fever had
grown worse or not. My eyes were settling on the live footage when I
finally noticed something in the lower right corner. 

It was a figure, standing across the street just about making it in
frame of the camera. It was dressed in all black, and I couldn’t see its
face. 

It has to be a prank—surely by one of the older kids, I thought. One of
them must have bought a morph suit to prank the littler kids. To prank
me.

He began making his way to my front porch, but the way he walked… It was
like bending his legs was difficult. Like he had been sitting down for a
long time, and his legs had fallen asleep. His arms stuck out a little
from his sides and didn’t sway like they normally should. He weaved in
and out of the groups of families walking the street, but no one seemed
to notice him.

My eyes were glued to the screen. I didn’t freak out just yet. Creeped
out, sure, but there was no way this person knew I was sitting just
inside. 

They finally made it up to my door. I anticipated the knock, but he just
stood there. I slowly turned around to face the window, and his oblong
shadow splayed across the curtain, unmoving. I broke out in a sweat. 

“Trick or treat!” 

It sounded like an old man trying to tighten his voice and imitate a
younger kid. The shadow didn’t move, and neither did I.

I gulped, and as quietly as I could I made my way over to the door. We
had a peephole. One of the ones where you couldn’t see in from the
outside. I stood up on my tippy toes and looked through it.

Black.

THUD THUD THUD

I fell behind on my ass and crawled backward as quick as I could. He
laughed from the other side, but it was muffled as if he was covering
his mouth with his hand.

Anger swelled inside me. Of course it was some older teenager trying to
scare kids on Halloween. I reminded myself that I was safe inside, and,
with my new found courage, I yelled out.

“Fu-fucking asshole!” 

I wish I had come across a little more brave than I ended up sounding.
My voice came out just above a squeak. Surely, now whoever was out there
knew for certain I was inside. I mentally kicked myself for that one.

There was a shimmying clink coming from the door, and my eyes raced to
look at the handle, but it wasn’t jiggling.

The mail slot cover moved; opened just a little bit, then closed again. 

clink, clink clink

My breathing quickened as a black finger slid through the slot and
opened up the little hatch. 

A black face with fake, sewn-on eyes stared back at me. The eyes weren’t
perfectly attached to the suit, but instead one drooped a little lower
than the other in an uncanny fashion. 

“I see you. Heh. Right there, I see you!” he said in that same mocking,
tight voice. His long black finger was pointed toward me. I fell too far
back to make out any other features, but it would’ve been covered by the
suit anyway. If it was someone I knew, I couldn’t tell from his fake
voice.

I didn’t want to look away from those fake plastic eyes, but I had to
glance at the lock. I needed to make sure he couldn’t get in.
Thankfully, it was secure. Surely if he tried to get in, someone from
the street would see and come help. Everyone was out tonight. Everyone
except me.

The man and I stared at each other. My body was moving up and down from
the excessive breathing while drips of sweat rained down on my forehead,
but the man did not move. He was eerily still. I just stared into those
dummy eyes for as long as it took me to try and calculate the time it
would take for me to get up and run around the corner to the house
phone.

Shit, what was mom’s number again? No, no, I need to call the police, I
need to—

The man pressed his face into the letter box. The plastic eyes tinked
against the metal frame as he forced his head through the slit. There
was this stretching and crunching sound as more of his head moved
through the opening, like he was Play-Doh molding into the opening of
the slit.

I couldn’t help but let out a yelp as I scampered to my feet and ran to
the back door on the other side of the house. I looked back once to see
he had gotten his head all the way through, and it bounced back into its
original shape. Then his shoulder started to push through.

I tried bursting through the back door, but was quickly met with a
locked door. My hands fumbled around the handle, but sweat was pouring
into my eyes and my hands were shaking too terribly. I could hear
shuffling behind me, and I had to rid my mind of the idea that the
intruder was already to his feet and making his way toward me. I
couldn’t bear the thought of looking back; I just might have frozen in
fear.

Finally, with a click, I unlocked the door and ran through the backyard,
not daring to turn back. My vision began to blur; a mix of the sweat,
tears, and my fever reaching its peak. I ran up the side of the house
and through the side gate out into the street. 

It happened all at once. I screamed for my mom, and then suddenly I was
by her side stammering about a man dressed in black, seeping through the
door. 

“Jesus, Codey, you’re burning up,” she said, kneeling in front of me
with her hand on my forehead. It was like she wasn’t even processing
what I was saying.

I don’t even know if I explained what I truly saw. I was a blubbering
mess, and even Jules began to cry at my terror.

“There was—” sob “—someone in the house!”

My mother’s face turned somber, then stern. “You’re not messing with me?
You’re certain?”

I nodded my head, and she must have seen the truth in me somewhere. 

The cops claimed to have searched every corner of the house, yet they
came up empty-handed. I asked of the television, explaining to them that
I saw live footage of our front door. They said that all that was
playing were the end credits to Coraline. 

I did end up confessing that I watched a bit of a scary movie alone. The
glances that were exchanged between the two cops told me they were
taking a statement from a fever-ridden, scared little kid, but my mom
believed me. Even after her and the cops talked for hours on the porch,
she was still disappointed by their nonchalance.

She made me tell her the story many times. While I was still sick, after
I had gotten over it, days after, and weeks after. A month before the
following Halloween, she made me tell her again. It was the same story
every time.

We don’t go out on Halloween anymore. Instead, we stay inside, and watch
movies and eat popcorn. My mom holds Jules and I close while keeping her
phone on the arm of the couch, pre-dialed with 911. 

We keep a bowl of candy out, but under no circumstance do we answer the
door, no matter what. We ignore the thuds, the knocks, and the clinks of
the mail slot. 

I’m far too scared to ask my mom when it first started happening to her.
