As soon as Allison walked in, I knew we were going to be friends. First
off, she was wearing a t-shirt with Edgar Allan Poe on it, which told me
she had good taste in books. Second off, she looked me in the eye while
I was going over the rules to the place, which told me she had respect
for service workers. And third off, she was driving her own U-Haul
instead of hiring a moving company, which told me she was an independent
spirit. Or maybe she was just cheap? Either way, we had a lot in common
right off the bat.

Once we got the registration done, I showed her to her locker and
offered to help unload her truck. That’s not technically part of the
job, but when I get a good vibe off someone like I did with Allison, I
usually volunteer. It gets pretty slow around here, especially at night,
so I’m always grateful for a chance to get out from behind the desk for
a little exercise and some small talk.  

Almost everyone who rents one of our storage lockers is in some kind of
transitional period in their lives - they’ve just moved to town or
they’re downsizing apartments or moving in with (or away from) a
romantic partner. I like to ask a few basic questions while we do the
paperwork, take an interest in whatever their situation happens to be
and before you know it, you’ve got a nice foundation for a friendship.

That’s actually a big reason why I took the job at Hold-It in the first
place, to meet people. I’ve moved around a lot in my life and even
though I’ve never been out of the country, I always felt like I was
speaking a different language than everybody else. But since I first got
to the Big City last month, I’ve been making friends like never before.
I guess that’s why everybody moves here…it’s a great place for people
who can’t quite make it work anywhere else. We’re all square pegs, so we
end up fitting together pretty well.

My first week at Hold-It, a guy named Owen showed up with a bunch of
those Rubbermaid tubs, an exercise bike, and a twin mattress with a
boxspring. I set him up with a 5x10 near the elevators, and we got to
talking – turns out his girlfriend had dumped him and he was going to be
couch surfing for the foreseeable future. Like most people, I’ve had my
share of heartbreak and I told him so. We forged a real bond that night,
and now we hang out all the time.

Or take Mrs. Sweeney. She told me to call her Florence, but I have a
thing where I can’t call elderly people by their first names…it just
doesn’t seem respectful. Anyway, she had lived in a rent-controlled
apartment uptown with her husband for 54 years. 54 years together, can
you believe that? Then a few months ago, he passed away from esophageal
cancer. Their son didn’t want her living alone in the apartment, so he
was moving her to an assisted living facility around the corner from
Hold-It. The new place was a lot smaller than her apartment, but she
wasn’t ready to let all her things go just yet. Now my life hasn’t
exactly been a Hallmark movie, but I do get nostalgic sometimes so I
know how she felt. And guess what? Now a nice old lady who thought she
was going to be alone for the rest of her life has a brand new friend at
her local self storage place. Everybody wins! And since she’s close by,
I still visit Mrs. Sweeney and she’s always glad to see me.

While we were getting her boxes unloaded, Allison told me that she had
moved here for a new job as a paralegal. The firm was providing her with
temporary furnished housing to give her time to find an apartment (no
mean feat in the Big City) so she was going to stash most of her
belongings in one of our lockers while she looked. From there, we got to
talking about books and movies and music, and it turned out we like
almost all the same stuff. She even laughed at my jokes, which was when
I knew for sure that we were going to be friends.

So as you can imagine, I was pretty concerned when Allison’s sister
Claire came by a few days later asking if I’d seen her. I told her that
I hadn’t, not since the day we moved her stuff in. I tried to reassure
her that Allison was probably just tied up with her new job and
apartment hunting…never mind all the other exciting stuff the Big City
has to offer newcomers. But Claire was adamant. Apparently nobody had
heard from Allison, and that was really out of character for her. And
what’s more, Hold-It was coming up as the current location on her “Find
my Phone” thing.

I told Claire she was welcome to look around, but that I wasn’t allowed
to open a locker for anyone who’s not on the rental agreement. It’s a
privacy issue and I could lose my job, which would put me right back at
square one as far as meeting new people. I know it seems like an
unconventional way to make friends, but it’s really been working for me.
And who knows how accurate those phone trackers even are, anyway? 

Claire was getting pretty distressed at this point. She even started
crying, which has always been tough for me to take. I can’t handle it
when people start to make a scene in public, it feels like the whole
world is staring right at you. So I ended up taking her to 337 just to
keep her from having a full meltdown. Crazy, right? After everything I
just told you about privacy. But she was getting so wound up…I mean,
what would you do?

I unlocked the unit, but there was nothing inside but a bunch of boxes.
We looked in every corner, but no iPhone. I apologized to Claire again,
took her number, and told her that I’d call the next time I saw
Allison. 

I didn’t feel great lying to her, but as a representative of Hold-It
Self Storage, my responsibility is to the customer. It’s sad, but
sometimes people come to the Big City to get away from their so-called
“family” and “friends.” I would hate to be the person who’s just trying
to help but ends up landing one of our customers back in an unwanted or
even abusive situation.

I mentioned it to Alison later that night and just as I predicted, she
freaked out. And I don’t blame her. Family stuff can be pretty touchy,
and it can really mess you up, take it from me. Hey, I guess that’s
another thing Alison and I have in common.
I decided to give her a minute to cool down while I searched the rest of
237 for her phone. I guess we were vibing so much when she moved in, I
forgot to pop out the SIM card and toss it in the river. Pretty
careless, I admit. It’s the kind of stupid mistake that can cost you a
friendship. 

Anyway, lesson learned and no harm done, unless you count Alison going
ballistic when I left with her phone. It’s crazy how attached we get to
our devices nowadays…she was NOT happy. I thought she was going to chew
right through her gag. 

Why did Claire have to show up like that? Why couldn’t she have stayed
in Houston and minded her own business? And why now? Right when I was
starting to get comfortable here, it’s already time to leave again. I’ve
never been much for goodbyes, but I knew I couldn’t just take off
without seeing my other friends one last time. 

I stopped by Owen’s place first (413). He was pretty upset when I told
him the news. I could see it in his eyes and in the way he was
struggling with the bindings on his wrists, way more frantic than usual.
Guys like us aren’t great with our emotions, but it was obvious that he
hated to see me go.

Of course I had to check in on Mrs. Sweeney too, but when I got to 604,
she was resting. I tried to wake her up, but no dice. She was dead
asleep, so I just gave her a hug. It was such a sad moment, and I tried
to cry, I really did. But nothing happened, so I just tip-toed out and
clicked the padlock shut behind me.

After I strangled Claire, I sat down at the desk in her hotel room to
catch my breath and do some thinking. I’m really going to miss this
place. I’m going to miss these people. But there is a silver lining,
something important I learned during my time here in the Big City. Every
other place I’ve lived, I felt like I had to lock myself away, hide all
my boxes and baggage in some dark little room where they wouldn’t trip
me up all the time.

But now I’m finally ready to kick that door open and just be me. Because
it’s really not about where you live, it’s about how. And now that I’m
living as my full and authentic self, I know that no matter where I land
next, I’ll be able to blend right in with no trouble at all. It sucks to
leave a brand new friend like Allison behind, but I know that deep down,
she understands. And besides, there are plenty of other new friendships
out there just waiting for me.
