I knew Bobbi was the only girl for me.

I asked Bobbi to come with me to a graveyard to take notes for a horror
story I was writing. She said yes. I couldn’t believe how lucky I was to
have her.

In the misty graveyard on that winter night, I hesitated to walk. We
took our time to look over every grave. The devil is in the details, and
we took our time finding him.

Until we saw the light.

Far, at the end of the graveyard, light flashed from a mausoleum. 

Bobbi grabbed me by my hand and dragged me over the graves of the dead
toward it. 

“You said you wanted to make a good story, right?” she said without
looking back at me. 

The doors of the cracked marble mausoleum hung open, and yellow light
flashed on and off, off and on as we approached—a perfect rhythm as if
someone flicked the light switch in tune with a song.

“Slow down,” I said as Bobbi raced downhill, going faster with each
flash of the light.  “We don’t know who’s in there.” I, the
horror-writer said, frightened, unlike my guest. 

My feet stumbled as we raced downhill, and I struggled to readjust,
teetering between toppling forward or barely hanging on.  Stopping was
not an option. This was the type of thing we did together. Laws be
damned. Logic be damned. Confrontation with the type of person to play
in a graveyard be damned. 

But this felt different. I needed to stop. I called her name three
times.

“Bobbi.” 

“Bobbi.”

“Bobbi.”

Only ten or so steps away, the light stopped flickering. The yellow
light stayed waiting, resting, and humming, like a bug zapper waiting
for two mosquitoes to fly in.

I yanked back and dug my heels in the earth. They slipped in the
rain-wet dirt. Bobbi yanked me forward.

We entered the mausoleum, falling on a dewy, yellow carpet, soaking my
shirt and filling my nose with the smell of mildew.

“Bobbi, dude,” The buzzing in the room drowned my voice. I repeated
myself, louder. “Bobbi, dude, I said stop. Why didn’t you stop?” I
chided her. 

She smiled, sweaty and energetic like a child just coming back from
playing outside. “But it’s—,” She paused and her gray eyes aged, into
the woman she was. Her chubby cheeks flattened into a frown, and her
blonde eyebrows curved in concern. “I’m sorry. I thought it would be
fun. Did I hurt you?” 

“No, I’m fine,” I said. “I’m fine.” 

“I thought the purpose was to find something scary, so I thought it was
good I was scaring you.” 

“I’m alright. We’re alright.” 

“You promise?” 

“Yeah, I promise,” I took her by the hand to help her up. It fit into
mine like always, and we were perfect together like I always thought we
would be, but we did not fit into our new world. 

Our new world was a yellow maze stretching out further than the humble
mausoleum could ever. Above us, the fluorescent lights buzzed like a
colony of angry bees ready to end their lives in a murder-suicide spree.
We took a step forward together through wet, spongy carpet and drips of,
not water, fell in our shoes. 

There was no door behind us, only more maze. 

“Oh, no,” Bobbi said. “What did I do?” she said. “Oh, no, oh, no.”

I pulled her in for an annoyingly loud, annoyingly sloppy, hopefully
consoling forehead kiss. 

“All you did was give me good material for my story,” I said. “Let’s
explore.” 

She smiled and turned back into what she was, not what life wanted her
to be. Not the anxious teacher who struggled in new settings but the
adventurous tomboy who was loved by her students and went headfirst into
mystery. And her reliance on me made me a better man. As long as I held
her hand, I could be brave for her. 

We did not know it yet, but with every giggle, every ‘watch your step’,
every second holding each other’s hands, we sought to go against
something older than humanity. 

This was the result. 

The first thing I lost from the love of my life was her smell. I
crinkled my nose; mildew.  The smell grew to snuff out the scent of her
freshly showered hair.

“What’s that smell?” I asked. 

She sniffed twice. “Hmm?” and then gagged. 

“You smell that?” 

“Yeah, must just be the room.” 

“We gotta get out of here,” I said. “Isn’t there a way to escape a maze,
like put one hand on a wall or–” 

The lights went out. 

The room jumped into complete darkness.

I squeezed Bobbi’s hand. 

A force jammed into my shoulder. Like slicing an apple from its half,
Bobbi and I split apart. I flew into a wall, and my breath leaped from
my lungs. I wouldn’t stay down, though. I had to find her. But I
couldn’t tell left from right; there was only blackness and space. 

My hands grasped and found air. 

My screaming found echoes. 

My feet found each other, and I fell.

After I tripped over what I hoped was my own foot.  I turned back,
remembering the one rule about staying still when you’re lost.  I
Frankenstein walked, reaching for the wall. I was slammed into. How many
steps away was it? One, two, three, four…  I kept counting, and that
wall that couldn’t have been far wasn’t coming up. 

Space. Space. Space. 

And…

Empty space.

My hands found nothing, but I settled on a spot to stay, shaking,
adrenaline flaring, without a way to use it.

Anxiously, I tapped my toes and whispered Bobbi’s name, hoping she would
hear me and the thing that pushed us apart would not.

“Bobbi, Bobbi, Bobbi,” I said.

I put myself in Bobbi’s shoes. Bobbi, who suffered abandonment issues
because of her parents’ alcoholism as a child. Bobbi, who was an outcast
at school. Bobbi, who loved me because I gave her a moment’s break from
all of that.  Bobbi who I was letting down by not finding and holding on
to.

I ran from my spot again.

“Bobbi, Bobbi, Bobbi, are you okay?” 

“Where are you, Kaden?” 

“I’m here, Bobbi, I’m here.” 

I walked to the sound of her voice. 

“Where is that?” she asked from far away, going in the opposite
direction from my voice. I chased the sound and tripped over…

Something. 

“Bobbi, wait, Bobbi, wait,” I said. “Stay still.” And I reached backward
to see what was on the floor. I crawled toward it until I grabbed the
thing again. A cylinder object, no, an ankle, an ankle in a sock, my
hand went up the leg. I knew those legs. 

“Bobbi?” I whispered. 

The body beneath me groaned. 

“Bobbi?” I said, loud again. 

The voice from afar answered meekly, fading.

I touched the legs beneath me. Do you really know your lover’s legs?

A Bobbiish groan of pain left the body beneath me. In the far distance,
somewhere in the maze, I heard a simple knocking, as if someone were at
the door. 

“Bobbi!” I screamed this time, taking two steps toward the original
voice, not the body that seemed to be Bobbi’s near me. 

“Kaden,” Bobbi’s voice said beneath me. 

“I’m here.” I dropped to my knees.

“What happened?” she asked, 

“I don’t know, things went dark, then I don’t know. Are you okay?” 

“Yeah, I’m fine. Can you help me up?” 

I reached out until her hand met mine. They locked. Her hand felt
smaller this time. 

I jerked away.

“Kaden?” she said. “I felt you. Where’d you go?”

I froze. 

She found my hand, and, attempting to be the best boyfriend I could be,
I pulled her up. I pretended to fumble finding her wrist, finding her
elbow, and I still could not find out if it was Bobbi. 

My chest pounded, and my breath came out scared, rapid, and ragged. Was
she always this heavy? I almost laughed at the thought because I could
never ask her that. My thumbs grazed her knuckles, searching for
answers. I found a hand that could belong to anyone.

Maybe Bobbi wasn’t that heavy, but the weight of doubting my
girlfriend’s existence beside me definitely weighed on me. 

But that was Bobbi’s voice… 

Hand in hand in the dark, we continued to walk through the maze. 

Scrambling for the memory of her hand, I wandered through my imagination
to find the first time we held hands. I should know it. It was probably
walking her dog…our dog now. And her hand felt different. It had to. I
loved her. But now mom, dad, sister, babysitters, and exes all blended
together. Would a killer’s hand feel so different?

“You’re quiet,” she said. 

“Just thinking,” 

“About?” 

“Nothing.” 

“Is something wrong? Are you mad at me?” 

“No.” 

Every few steps or after a long while, we would bump into the edges of a
maze or run flat into it. There was no rhyme or reason. Maybe we were
going in a massive circle. With each bump, I wanted to let go of this
new Bobbi’s hand. Both our hands went sticky with sweat. Surely, her
hands got sticky before, although I don’t remember ever holding her hand
this long.

“You’re treating me like I did something wrong.” She said. “What did I
do?” 

“Nothing, I’m just listening.” 

“Listening, for what?” 

A white circular light appeared at the end of the hall. 

“Bobbi, do you see that c’mon!” I said, and this time I pulled her
toward it. I wanted nothing more than to go through that light, but the
room did not want that. 

The fluorescent lights above us buzzed and buzzed, still not turning on,
just buzzing furiously. 

“Buzz” 

“Buzzz.” 

“Bawizz” 

“Bandard” 

“Bad Choice.” 

I heard as clear as day, maybe a few seconds away from the door. 

“Did you hear that?” I asked, my maybe love.

“Did I hear what? Slow down. I’m falling.” 

Suspicious of her. I didn’t linger. I needed to get out of here, maybe
without her. I let go of her hand. She snatched mine.

Strong.

“Bad choice,” the lights said again. 

“That,” I said. “You heard that.” 

“I heard what? Slow down, please.” 

“No, c’mon, now.” 

She pulled me back. I fell. 

Right before the great light. 

And to either side of that light was a mirror, and I looked at what was
in it, horrified. 

My girlfriend was gone and replaced by the tallest woman I’d ever seen.
A woman with orange hair, poofing hair, and judging blue eyes. 

Her flowery skirt and yellow blouse were snatched and replaced by a
dress of all black. 

I screamed. 

She came toward me, towering over me, her tattoos gone, her legs paled
and perfectly hairless.

With a quick, manicured hand, she grabbed me by my collar, pulled me up,
and said, “Where’s Kaden? What did you do with him?”

“W-w-what?”

“Where’s my boyfriend?” she said, and I looked in the mirror at myself.

I was in there, but not as I was before the Backrooms. I was shorter,
two shades lighter, so perhaps a different race entirely, and dressed in
a luxurious suit I’d never wear. 

We stared at each other, horrified, my reflection and I. 

Bobbi’s eyes pooled with tears, and she reared her fist back.

“I’m Kaden.” I said.

“Liar!”

“No, listen. You know me. I think I know you. You’re here because you
love me. You’re here because you know I’m a coward and would have some
excuse not to go to the graveyard by myself if you didn’t offer to
come.”

She lowered her fist and then lowered me. Still, I took a step away from
her, unsure. She looked hurt, and I felt bad, but I wasn’t sure about
this new woman.

“I know you,” she said. “I didn’t come here because I think you’re a
coward. I came because I’m a coward, too. I like to go wherever you go
because I’m worried you’ll find someone better and leave.”

We waited as if time could solve our problem.

“I’m still me,” she said. “Are you still you?” 

“I’m still me,” I said. 

And we walked through the door hand-in-hand.

In the mirror’s reflection, a Bobbi-esque silhouette called my name,
holding the hand of or being held by a being of eight limbs. 

One foot in the maze and one foot out, Bobbi stopped and gasped, looking
back at the maze.

“What?” I asked.

“Nothing,” she said, and her grip on my hand loosened as we stepped into
the real world.
