Any mother knows the horrible feeling of spending that first night away
from her child. What should be a break from the incessant crying and the
never-ending mess is actually a slow and agonizing procedure of ripping
away every ounce of love that you have ever poured into them. For five
long and perfect years I have raised my daughter. But tonight, for the
first time in her life, Abi was going to be under the guidance and
protection of a complete stranger.

I looked nervously at Harry as we turned onto the highway, the road a
sea of brake lights obscured by biblical levels of rain.

“Are you sure about this?”

I knew what he would say before he even answered. He was far more
comfortable with the arrangement than I was.

“What other choice do we have? We can’t just leave her alone.” His eyes
didn’t bother leaving the road to comfort me.

I only had a short moment to speak with the babysitter, before Harry was
ushering me into the car. By the time that we were on the road I was
already kicking myself for failing to research local sitters in more
detail. Tiffany, or “Spiffy Tiffy” as she referred to herself on her
Facebook post seemed adequate enough, but there was so much that I
didn’t know about her.

Where did she go to school?

What did she wish to do with her career?

What sports did she play?

Where did she volunteer?

When it came to my selection for this evening, everything mattered.

As if she knew that I was thinking about her, I received my first text
from Tiffany. I nearly recoiled when I noticed the length of the
message.

Just finished cooking Abi dinner! 😋 She is the SWEETEST little pumpkin!
🎃 She wanted to help so I let her play with a bowl and spatula as I
made the spaghetti. I hope that’s okay. If it’s not, I’m sorry, just let
me know and it won’t happen again. I think we might watch a movie next,
but Abi mentioned that she loved to play Princesses and Dragons with
you. ✨ It sounds like a lovely game, do you think that it is alright if
we play? Also, I wanted to double check on her bedtime. I don’t remember
you mentioning a time when we spoke. Does she follow any special
routine? I remember when I was a kid I had a jammy time song that I sang
when I brushed my teeth. 😴 Hope that your travels are going well!

I stared at the longwinded message unsure of what to think. We had been
driving away from the house for only about thirty minutes and Tiffany
already had half a dozen questions. I was beginning to worry that I had
made a poor choice.

I typed out my response and pressed send.

Princesses and Dragons is fine. 9:30 Bedtime.

“I’m worried about Tiffany.” I said to Harry.

“Who?”

“The babysitter.” I responded ignoring his impossible ignorance. “I
don’t think she’s qualified.”

“You worry too much. Abi is going to be fine.” Harry clicked on the
radio and turned the volume up, signaling the end of our conversation.

It reminded me of the last time that we traveled together. Five years
ago, before we had Abi he had gotten the same way. Everyone deals with
stress in their own way, I suppose.

It wasn’t long before I received my next text from Tiffany.

Mrs. Murphy!!! You didn’t tell me that it was Abi’s birthday tomorrow!
🎂 I feel so unprepared! Do you want me to take her out for ice cream or
do anything special? I don’t mind driving her to Scoop City, it can even
be my treat. On my birthday I would always get a cookie dough waffle
cone with gummy bears, AND my foster family usually let me stay up past
my bedtime to watch the late night cartoons.

A second text came a moment later.

Not that I am suggesting that Abi do any of that! Sorry I didn’t mean to
overstep. 🙈 This is so embarrassing. Birthdays just make me SO excited.
🎉

My heart felt unnatural in my chest as I tapped out my response. I was
not only leaving my daughter with a complete stranger, but I was doing
it on her birthday as well. I tried to ignore the reality, but Tiffany
pointing it out was like a punch to the gut.

No ice cream. Stay in the house. 9:30 bedtime.

“Something feels wrong.” Harry ignored me as he drummed his fingers on
the steering wheel to the beat of whatever classic rock song was playing
at the time.

I glanced at the radio and noted that the time was 8:24. Only one more
hour of this before Abi was safely in bed, and I wouldn’t have to think
about Spiffy Tiffy ever again. I knew I wouldn’t be able to sleep, but I
put my head back and closed my eyes regardless as I thought about the
daughter that I was leaving behind. The ding of my phone pierced my
concentration and I shot up to check my messages.

I know you said no ice cream, but we had to celebrate somehow. 🤭

A photo came in a few seconds later. Abi was smiling widely as she
hoisted fistfuls of chocolate candy in both hands. Tiffany held up the
phone, she posed back to back with Abi as she stared directly into the
camera. She had a lollipop in her mouth and a smug expression. Her eyes
seemed as if they were staring straight at me.

“No! How is it even possible that they found chocolate? Harry, did you
buy Halloween candy?”

His guilty expression was all the confirmation I needed.

“Why? We aren’t even going to be home for Halloween!”

“You know I have a sweet tooth!” His voice rose defensively.

“Now look at what happened!” I shoved the phone into his face, so close
that he couldn’t ignore it. He took a quick glance before he directed
his eyes back to the road, swerving to avoid rear ending an eighteen
wheeler.

“So what? Abi looks like she is having fun. It’s only a little bit of
candy.”

“I told the babysitter no snacks. She broke a rule. Is this the kind of
person you want our daughter to be like?”

Harry let out a puffy breath. He knew better than to fight back. Our
marriage, which had already felt like it had lasted an eternity, had its
ups and downs. The stress of our upcoming travel combined with the
reality of leaving Abi behind left us both on edge.

I was in the midst of typing out an authoritative reply when I saw that
Tiffany was typing again.

Is Abi allergic to anything? Like ANYTHING at all? You never specified,
but you can also never be too careful… The last thing we need tonight is
a hospital visit! But don’t worry, I am capable of using an Epipen if it
comes to it. You can trust that Abi is in good hands! We’re practically
sisters already. ❤️

Another text came a moment later.

It is kind of funny that Abi looks more like me than she does you or
Harry…

Maybe we actually are long lost sisters!

“Harry, we can’t do this.”

“It’s too late. We can’t turn back now.”

I typed out my response hoping to remind the babysitter who was in
charge.

No more dessert. Do not break any more rules. This is your last warning.
Abi has no allergies. And please, for the love of God, stop with the
emojis.

Tiffany’s typing bubbles appeared and then disappeared several times.
After waiting for several agonizing minutes, her response came.

Ok.

I hoped that that would be the last of it, but soon I began to realize
that Tiffany’s silence was more unsettling than her constant chatter.
Drawn out minutes passed as I listened to music that I didn’t enjoy and
watched heavy drops of rain bounce off of the windshield. The storm was
picking up and with it traffic on the road was slowing down.

It felt like my entire life stalled as I stared at the clock waiting for
each minute to tick over to the next. As soon as 9:30 came, I reached
for my phone.

Is Abi in bed?

I needed to know that my worries were over and that my daughter was
safe. When Tiffany didn’t respond within a minute, I sent another
message, repeating the question with more exclamation. I felt less like
a passenger and more like a prisoner as hopelessness began to consume
me. If anything went wrong we would be stuck here on the highway miles
away from Abi.

Sorry!! Had to clean a mess in Abi’s room. Very yucky.

What mess?

Don’t worry. The house will be squeaky clean by the time you come back.
It is such a beautiful place. It does seem like you may be out of
bleach. I don’t think there are too many neighbors close by either. It’s
very quiet around here at night. Shame. I was hoping I might be able to
borrow some cleaning supplies.

I kicked myself again for failing to install home surveillance cameras.
When I pitched the idea to Harry he simply shook his head and said that
he would rather not have them.

Spineless oaf.

What is happening? Where is Abi?

Once again, Tiffany took her sweet time with the reply.

No text, only a picture.

It was a picture of Abi’s room taken from the perspective of someone
standing in the doorframe. The space was ominously lit with slivers of
light from the hallway sneaking past Tiffany’s shadow. In the darkness,
I could make out the form of my daughter tucked under her sheets on her
twin bed. It was difficult to tell with the moody lighting, but I could
almost make out a dark stain on the carpet in the corner of the room.

Tiffany followed the image with a short text.

Goodnight, Abi.

I stared at the image for a staggering amount of time. It was undeniably
creepy in a way that had to be intentional.

Tiffany, close the door and let Abi sleep.

You’re right, you’re right. She looks so peaceful, if I stand here any
longer, I just might have to keep her for myself!

My throat tightened and the grip on my phone grew weak. She was toying
with me. She had to be.

Obviously JK!

My fingers seemed to be frozen over my phone. My mind struggled to come
up with any reasonable response. I tried to reassure myself that
everything was fine. Abi was safely in bed. Tiffany was a peculiar
teenager, but she wasn’t some deranged murderer. Right? If we could just
hold out a few more hours it would all be over and we wouldn’t need to
deal with her ever again. I looked at the clock hesitantly and was
relieved to note that the time was already 10:45. Tiffany would need to
go to sleep sometime soon.

I knew that I was overreacting and that I was being a complete
worrywart. I debated turning off my phone, but what kind of mother would
I be if I ignored my daughter when she actually needed me. Instead, I
responded with a simple message that I hoped would be my last.

Thank you. Goodnight, Tiff.

After several minutes passed it became clear that Spiffy Tiffy had other
plans.

I found something interesting in Abi’s room. That girl really does have
quite the imagination!

My heart dropped. What the hell was she still doing in Abi’s room?
Another text from Tiff came in immediately after it.

Does Abi have any imaginary friends? She drew a strange picture of a
girl labeled “Jaine”. I thought that it might be a classmate, but Jaine
here has some very… odd characteristics. The drawing is actually kinda
spooky.

Harry noticed that I had begun furiously typing.

“What’s the matter?” His question fell on deaf ears.

LEAVE Abi’s room this instant. DO NOT snoop around any more. Go to bed,
NOW.

Typing bubbles came and went several times.

I would Mrs. Murphy, but I haven’t been entirely honest with you.

Outside, thunder cracked and the sky lit up for a moment.

We passed a sign on the highway that Harry acknowledged.

“We’re close.”

Abi is a great kid, I really think she is. But she bit me. It’s pretty
bad. She has some seriously sharp baby teeth. The cut is pretty deep. It
might be best if I head home for the night and get some rest. Abi is
already out cold. I promise to be back before she wakes.

I stared at the message for a long time, trying to decide what I could
do to best salvage the situation.

“Harry, did you resupply the closet?”

Harry’s lips drew into a flat line. He nodded.

There are bandages in the closet on the second floor next to the
bathroom. Wrap up before any more blood gets on the carpet.

Tiffany responded with an avalanche of messages.

Thank you! I will definitely make sure to do that.

I think I found them.

Is there a trick to the closet door handle? The door closed behind me
and now I might be stuck, haha!

Really, this thing is quite jammed. I actually think it might be locked
from the outside somehow. I cannot believe I did this! I am such a ditz
🤦‍♀️

Oh sorry! Emoji was sent out of habit.

I didn’t respond.

Mrs. Murphy? Are you getting my messages?

I can probably call out for Abi, but I don’t want to wake her.

Actually, I think she might already be up, I hear footsteps.

I called out, but she didn’t respond. Does Abi sleepwalk? Really, if
there is any way out of this closet please let me know! Sleepwalking can
be really dangerous for unsupervised children.

Harry glanced over at the unending stream of dings that were
interrupting his rock music and raised an eyebrow.

I shook my head and pointed to my phone with an exasperated expression.
The clock on my lock screen read 11:57.

“Don’t look at me, you’re the one that picked her.” He said.

I hear Abi right outside! But her footsteps sound weirdly heavy. Still
not sure if she is awake though.

Abi won’t reply. She’s scratching at the door rabidly

Oh my god. I think she is trying to claw her way through

My phone rang and I declined the call without hesitation. A moment
later, it rang again and I let it go to voicemail. After about thirty
seconds, an audio message populated my inbox. Tiffany was frantic,
speaking at a pace that would make an auctioneer jealous.

“Mrs. Murphy, I’m really sorry to bother you on your vacation, but
something isn’t right with Abi. I got stuck in a closet and, and, and,
she, or it, or- oh my God, I am going to die! She’s going to kill me.”

In the audio recording, I could hear the hunger in Abi’s groans as she
burst her way through the door. Tiffany’s voice was slurred with sobs
and desperation.

“She has claws. And her arms are so long. And her teeth! What is wrong
with Abi? I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die! Abi please stop it!
Stop right now!”

The voicemail ended with an abrupt thud.

“About time.”

“And well timed, too.” Harry said as we turned into the hospital parking
lot.

He got out of the car and stood, unshielded from the torrential rain.

“You coming?”

I remained in my seat, my lips curved into a frown.

Harry walked around and opened the passenger side door.

“I feel like I let Abi down. I spent five years raising her, and then
when it really matters, I give her Spiffy Tiffy. She deserves a girl
like that basketball player that we got for Jaine. Smart, successful,
affluent.”

“All of our daughters have turned out wonderful in their own ways. Abi
will be no exception. Tiffany wasn’t the brightest, but she had
character.”

I forced a weak smile as I took his hand and he led me towards the
hospital entrance.

As we stepped inside, my phone dinged for the final time that night. It
was a message from Tiffany’s number.

Hi Mommy! Thank you for the WONDERFUL snack! Tiffany was the best
birthday present ever! She was soooo fun. I can’t wait to be just like
her. 👸

I smiled at my phone before tucking it into my back pocket.

“I suppose you’re right. I have to admit that I was actually a little
fond of her.”

I followed Harry as he led me towards the familiar hallway that
contained the nursery.

“I was thinking,” He paused as we passed a nurse who walked briskly past
us. “What do you think about having a boy this time?”

I looked through the glass at the two rows of newborn babies. Fresh
sacks of life brought to this earth by mothers that would never love
them the way that I would. A little baby boy with a tuft of hair wiggled
in the blanket that he was wrapped in, his eyes closed. He looked
peaceful. He looked like he could be ours.

I smiled at Harry and kissed him on the cheek.

“I think that Abi would love to have a baby brother.”
