It’s been three days since I’ve had any sleep. I’m not sure what’s real
or in my head anymore. I’m typing this from the third floor of the
Hillvale Public Library on a laptop in the stacks. I work the night
shift on the reference desk with Angie every Tuesday and Friday.

Well, that’s just it, I think her name is Angie.

That’s how she introduced herself that first day I met her about six
weeks ago. She said she was a student and that she’d gotten the OK to
volunteer in the evenings to shelve books for class credit. I didn’t
think anything of it then because we get volunteers all the time.
Students, retired folks, people with nothing better to do on a random
Saturday than to shelve books and clean tables or take out trash. 

Those first couple weeks, everything was completely normal. She showed
up to work on time, sometimes even a little early, ready to shelve that
day’s books and wipe down the kids’ computers on the second floor. Our
library is subdivided across four floors. The first floor is
circulation. The second floor is children’s. The third floor is
reference and the fourth floor is mostly admin and meeting space. No
patrons really go up to the fourth floor, especially at night. 

It was probably around 6:15 when all the day staff left for the night
and left just me and Angie to man the bottom floor. After 6:00, we
usually saw a very limited crowd of people getting off work who needed
to check out a book or magazine on their way home or maybe use the
computers to print out something. The main computer lab on the third
floor closes at 6:00 and I usually cover until 9:00 with Tara down on
the first floor, but she went on maternity leave a couple months ago so
I’d been pulling the night shift solo for a while. 

Well, until Angie that is.

I don’t know if you’ve been inside a library at night, but even I get
creeped out sometimes. It’s like the shelves come alive, and not in a
Night at the Museum kind of way, more like in a The Shining sort of way.
Maybe less the ax murderer and creepy kids. Something about all these
books and lives held in one place has a sort of gravity that I’ve never
felt anywhere but in a library. It’s part of what drew me to the
profession in the first place. That and people watching. Not that I’m a
creep or anything. I just notice things sometimes. Like how shelves in
the dark sometimes look like people just standing there or like how,
even when I know I’m alone, I can feel eyes peering at me just behind
the next shelf or between the books on the next aisle over.

You never quite feel like you can let your guard down here. 

Around the third week after Angie started working here, I ended up
letting my guard down.

For the first couple weeks, I treated her like all the other volunteers
who had filtered in over the years. I just gave her the usual
instructions of what needed to be done from the day crew and then went
to the front desk on the first floor and played on my phone until it was
time to close up for the night. I remember she finished up on third
pretty quick and came down to talk to me around 7:30 that night. We got
to talking about scary stories, because of course, we loved to read. I
told her how the library is a special place. Many are even haunted.
She’d laughed and told me that she loved to feel scared and watched
scary movies all the time.

I told her we’d have to swap stories one day.

I remember she grinned really wide and looked around before she leaned
in close, almost right in my ear, and told me that she liked collecting
people.

I laughed thinking she was joking because it came out super creepy and I
assumed she was trying to be funny. When she didn’t laugh, I asked her
what she meant and she told me that she takes little mementos from the
different places she volunteers that people give her, one way or
another.

I thought that sounded super weird, but I didn’t ask any more questions
because the phone rang and we had patrons coming in. She lingered at the
desk a little bit longer and then went back to cleaning and shelving so
I didn’t think anything else about it. We didn’t talk much after that
and she kept mostly to herself and things went like clockwork until
three days ago. 

It was Tuesday and Angie met me like she always did down on the first
floor after everyone had left for the night. I assumed she came in the
back and already signed the volunteer sheet, so I didn’t bother checking
behind her and we started talking. She said she always carries a scary
story with her, even if it’s just in her head and asked if I wanted to
hear one.

I’d laughed, thinking surely she was kidding or trying to be cool, but
she just grinned and tilted her head. She just stared at me for a few
seconds, like she wasn’t giving me much choice, so I told her to hit me
with her scariest. I was bored anyway and we had over an hour left and
nobody had come in for over forty-five minutes.

She smiled even wider and leaned closer, over the desk, and almost
whispered to me. She said the scariest story she knows happened in a
library, as it happened.

Color me intrigued, I’d said.

She winked and put her hands then her arms on the raised ledge of the
desk, and leaned in further as she spoke.

She told me that she worked in a library very much like this one, and
she often volunteers for shifts at night because she likes the quiet and
the dark.

One night, when she was working late, she got bored and wanted to play a
game with her coworker. They made up a game kind of like hide and seek,
but with a twist. Since they were playing in the library, both players
had to remain entirely silent. In order to win you had to gradually
reveal yourself and creep the other player out so much, they make a
sound.

She said it was wicked fun trying to scare each other until one night
when the game went too far.

At this point, Angie stopped and looked around.

I told her she was kind of creeping me out and we needed to get back to
work. 

She just grinned and said it’s just a scary story, right?

Then she turned and disappeared up the stairs.

I legit thought she was just pulling a prank so I just stayed behind the
desk and laughed to myself. It’s not like I could play a game, we were
working. About ten minutes went by and I hadn’t heard from Angie again
and I needed to use the bathroom, so I grabbed the cordless phone and
walked over to the stairs and went up a floor and looked out at the
children’s area.

It was dark now that the sun had fully set and only the emergency lights
were left on. Several of the cutouts of kids’ book characters I knew
from when the full lights were on, now looked like ghosts in the dark. I
avoided stopping on this floor when going up the stairs for that very
reason, especially after dark. Creeped me the fuck out. You try not to
imagine a serial killer reaching for you even if you know it’s just
Curious George.

I could have sworn something moved just out of sight. I focused on the
shadow near the kids’ circulation desk and knew it must be another
cutout that someone had moved there before closing up for the night.

I blinked and rubbed my eyes.

It was getting late.

When I opened my eyes again, I shit you not, that shadow moved.

Now, I figured this was Angie just trying to scare me with her little
game so I didn’t even make a noise.

I just turned and walked up the stairs to the third floor. 

The lights were still on up here. I had left my bag and thermos from
lunch behind the desk. I turned off my computer and grabbed my stuff and
turned off the lights at the switch by the stairs. Something told me to
stop moving as soon as the lights went off.

I could feel eyes on the back of my head and I turned slowly.

The same fucking shadow was standing by the desk, except that was
impossible because I know Angie didn’t follow me up the stairs.

I would have seen her.

I didn’t blink this time, but rather backed slowly towards the stairs
and planned to sprint down them as quickly as I could.

Now, these stairs were not somewhere I liked to pause even in the
daylight. On the wall that ran the length of the building, a giant
mirrored panel stretched from the ground floor all the way up to the
fourth floor so whoever was coming or going had to stare at themselves
as they went up or down. Of course, the rooms slightly behind them were
always visible in the background too.

I don’t fuck with mirrors. Full stop. Hate them. 

On a normal day, I’d just look at my feet or focus on my phone so I
could avoid the mirror altogether, but for some reason as soon as I
turned around, I locked onto my face in the mirror. At first, I jumped
just from seeing my own reflection, but then my eyes slid slightly
behind me and caught eyes looking at me in the dark.

That was not Angie.

It couldn’t have been her because whatever it was didn’t have a body and
when it smiled, the mouth curled up unnaturally until it was all teeth.

I screamed and almost fell forward down a couple steps, but managed to
find my footing at the last second.

When I looked up as I turned the corner onto the second floor, I saw
something move and could hear footsteps closing in behind me. I didn’t
turn around. I didn’t even know what time it was or if anyone else was
in the building. I reached the first floor and tore through the lobby
and ran outside and got into my car.

I didn’t turn off the lights or lock up. Hell, I wasn’t even sure if I
was shaking from fear or from wet pants, because sure as shit I’d pissed
myself somewhere between the stairs and the front door. I’d never driven
that fast before in my life. I bolted the door when I got home and
stayed up all night with all the lights on. 

That was Tuesday night and it’s Thursday now.

I haven’t slept since.

I asked my boss this morning if Angie could be reassigned to a day shift
instead, but when I mentioned her name, nobody could remember ever
seeing her or signing her up to volunteer at all. I even checked the
logs and she isn’t on there. Anywhere.

I swear I’m not crazy, but I think I’ve been hearing her when nobody is
around.

I looked at a picture frame my mom gave me that sat right beside my
monitor today. It had a picture of me from my first day on the job. I
was posing in front of the library. I didn’t remember having a giant
grin on my face that day and the sunlight made my teeth look super white
and sharp. It almost looked like a totally different picture altogether.
Like someone had replaced it with something that was almost me, but not
quite.

God, she did say she likes to keep people.

Whatever the fuck that means.

Maybe she meant literal people. 

I haven’t seen her since that night.

I keep seeing things in corners and in the mirror when I walk up the
stairs or in the corner of my eyes when I leave a room. I swear I think
she’s still here somewhere just waiting to show me something really
scary.

I just can’t close my eyes.

That’s the most important thing.

That’s why I’m hiding out here now.

As long as I stay awake and keep focused, I don’t see those eyes looking
back at me in the dark.

I’m afraid if I stop typing, I’ll look behind me and she’ll be there
peering at me between the books.

Just her eyes and that smile with all the teeth.

I keep hearing something in the next aisle, but I’m scared to look.

I don’t know how much longer I can stay awake or how much longer this
battery will last. 

I think somebody is behind me. 

I don’t want to look.
