Hello i am Mj . I am here to write something i should have done it
before.

2026:10:02 22:00 approx

I was in my room and was playing the new episode of Fears to fathom with
my gf. I live with my family . At the time my grandfather entered the
room, to tell me to shut the pc and sleep. As usual i called for one
more hour or half. So my grandfather is a very peaceful person . He
always stood there watching until i finally shut it down and flew on my
bed . He did the same . I was on half when the aunt mention about bed
and breakfast.
My grandfather got curious about what i was playing. I don’t know he was
never interested in these video games. He begun asking questions on what
is the game and the story and the bed and breakfast thing. As i
explained he said nothing but said. Good night and left the room. I felt
weird by avoiding it I continue playing.
2026:10:03 8:00am

It was weekend. I woke up and headed for breakfast. My grandfather was
there with my other family members. I wished a good morning. All of em
replied back and the usual hustle of a family weekend goes on normally.
I was eating on dining table when my grandfather called me out. He told
me that i always ask why we left US and wanted to go back. I replied yes
cuz’ canada is beautiful but my dreams doesn’t rely here. I wanted to be
a major in the US army. He said let’s go for the hike. I knew it was a
new story time for old 90s

2026:10:03 afternoon

We packed up for the hike to A nearby park. I am hiking when i was 7,8
years with my grandfather. He used to work in the Natinal park in US in
the forest department. He has infinite number of hikes in his times
regularly and has infinite number of stories of that time. That was the
reason i also love F2F cuz’ i love my grandfather stories . It was not
like fiction or some scary or something like a weird creepy stories . It
was always a good story of their times that teaches me how life was when
technology was not booming everywhere.

2026:10:03 late afternoon

It was an easy hike 2km on a smooth trail. Ending on a lake. This story
he told me firstly made me think for 2 days to believe it is right or
just a made up story. I know my grandfather he never make stories nor he
played this video games to know about this stuff. So i talked to them
about sharing it on reddit. He agreed on it : on telling me in details
and all the stuff but to keep the real names and identity places hidden.
Just to keep ourselves safe.

1998:11:27 Friday afternoon

It was a getting cold fall has almost gone and My grandfather was
getting ready for a hike. His radio clicked in and it was his friend
Nate. They had a road trip planned this weekend so Nate didn’t left
early home this time.
Usually at the last Friday of the month. At least one person has to stay
and do the last evening round of the trail (number and name my
grandfather didn’t remember) Everyday a person working in forest
departments Usually do 1,2,3 rounds depending on the length of the
trail. Their tasks was to make sure everyone is safe including no harm
to any animals. And all locations are kept clean with no one breaking
rules or damaging it .
The trail he was going was always considered a regular path for the
temple people to go to the lake and pray. My grandpa said they call them
people of temple. They used to pray a deity of goat. Some real people
living there or nearby who had works or lands were often meet and talk
about it. He said it was not a dangerous thing but a followed religion
there. But also those people told them that some guys take the myths of
this temple and always goes it in the wrong way. The scared way.

1998:11:27 Friday evening.

He headed for the trail it was a 4 hour trail . My grandfather was
finishing it nearby the parking lot where Nate would already be waiting
for him. There were 4 locations he had to make sure everything’s alright
and click pictures and submit it. There were 4 locations on that trail.
First A lake , second a view point , third a radio tower and forth , a
small bed & breakfast. It was named as bed and breakfast. A small
emergency hut for all the people there built by forest department in any
emergency. Nearby that there was a small church. It was built by people
there. It was all inside the forest .

1998:11:27 Friday late evening.

My grandfather had reached the lake . Made a round, clicked a picture
and headed for the view point. Nate called in on radio to ask about
where he reached. My grandpa shared the location, and Nate even told my
grandpa to be safe out there in the night. It was my grandpa’s regular
duty so he was alright. Halfway there he heard a growling noise. He
stopped and heard the noise. It was a bear growling in anger and pain.
He instantly called to Nate and informed all nearby rangers on a round
including a backup from the department. He took out his knife, and
headed inside the trees. After going some steps behind the bushes he saw
a child of a bear hurt and trapped.

1998:11:27 Friday early night

It was trapped and its legs was badly hurt by the sharp pins of trap
stuck inside. My grandfather ran towards his but bear scared tried to
attack. Help arrived in some time. All of them saved the bear and took
him for treatment. Head of the area, assigned one more person with him,
as it was too late and 3 more locations to cover. The other person was
Nate chosen bye my grandpa as they were leaving together anyhow.

1998:11:27 Friday almost 10pm

Both of them reached the radio tower and were taking the picture. When
Nate heard some steps in the woods. They were scared and informed on the
radio. The help was active but on hold just to make sure it was not any
other ranger. Then Ahmed appeared out of dark. flashing sharp torch
light over the faces of both. They shouted and scolded him for his this
appearance. He should have called out on radio that he was sent to join
both of them.

1998:11:27 Friday almost 11pm

They were making a circle reaching at the bed and breakfast but it was
too late. They have never been here this late. This was when they heard
some voices to their left totally opposite where bed and breakfast and
straight in that direction was the same location where bear was injured
. When they headed to see who it was . They saw some people wearing big
black overcoats there face was not visible but my grandfather described
it looks almost same as the game just there weren’t wearing any masks
like this. They had a goat head skeleton and a fire torch burning stick
in hands. They were 4 of it. He remembered it well.

1998:11:27 Friday 11:30 approx

Nate tried taking a picture for the proof but my grandpa stopped him as
click would make alot of noise. They were talking about the bear but my
grandpa and none of them understood much. Only option they had is to ran
to bed and breakfast and hide.

1998:11:27 friday 11:30 -12am

They started running, unaware that the noise of crunching leaves and
branches would attract them anyway. They running when ahmed fell down.
The guys caught him but Nate and my grandpa continued running. They
can’t take risk of stopping.

1998:11:27 12:30am approx

They were in the restroom hiding . They heard the ahmed shouting and
going silent . They silenced him . How no one knows. My grandpa and Nate
managed to ran out through a window as the people were still looking for
them in that place.

1998:11:27 1:30 am approx

They were in the chruch nearby hiding. That was the only place they had
for now. Instead of running in woods. Those people arrived there . They
had a skeleton torches and a bag of black color. They don’t know what
they were carrying but they remembered they saw deeply stained knife or
maybe it was a small sword or big knife. My grandpa don’t remember the
actual name of it.
They went to the behind room of that place and never came back. Both
Nate and Granpa managed to ran out and reported it to the department.
The department gave them month off and did nothing. Ahmed were went
missing and never found.
My grandpa and Nate was not able to recover from it . So they have to
leave their home and US to settle in other country . Where they can live
happily
