“Yin had to be put down, bud” my dad’s words echoed loudly in my head,
louder then the wailing of my little brother as my mother held him while
he processed that he would never see our beloved family cat, Yin, again.

“Oh…” was all I could muster without having the dam holding back my
tears break.

We got Yin and her brother Yang five years ago from the same litter. Yin
was healthy while her brother was a bit sickly, but the two were
inseparable. Unfortunately, Yang had died due to kidney failure a few
months ago, and ever since then Yin was never the same, she would only
eat once a day and would only ever stay in my room. I think she had
depression from losing her better half.

My dad wrapped his arms around me and rubbed my back to give me comfort.

“She’s with Yang now bud” he said, “They’re both in heaven”.

“I know…” I replied, trying to put up a brave front, but really it was
about to spill all my emotions out any second.

“The vet said we can pick her ashes up tomorrow” he added, “she’ll be
with us before the new year begins”.

I finally broke. “Yeah, what a great way to end this fucking year…” I
sobbed as I buried my face into my dad’s shirt. Normally I would be
scolded for swearing, but I think my parents just let me have this one.

For the rest of the day I did nothing but cry in my room. I was a mess.
Charlie got better after watching an hours worth of cartoons, he was a
kid, little things like that distracted him from the real world. Mom
brought up dinner for me, but I wasn’t hungry. Before she left she gave
me a kiss on my head and told me that time will heal all wounds. While
that may be true for the future me, present me was a miserable crying
teenage.

The next day we got Yin’s ashes. I felt bad we couldn’t put her next to
Yang since he was buried in the yard, but having her in my room made me
feel better. The rest of the day was spent with my parents in brother as
we celebrated new years, toasting to the life of Yin. Later that night
when I went to go to bed, I heard my brother talking to himself.

“Dear God, please let Yin rest peacefully up in heaven with you and
Yang, and let us meet eachother someday, Amen.” He prayed, bringing a
tear to my eye as I entered my room, tussling his hair, then going to
bed.

It was the middle of the night when Charlie woke me up, he was jumping
up and down restlessly.

“Eddie! Yin is back!” he cheered. “He’s inside the box!”

“I know, Charlie. I’m happy he’s back too” I said, still half asleep.

“No! No! He’s awake!” Charlie explained as he picked up the box, but
tripped on his way to show me.

“Charlie! What the hell!?” I shouted as I was close to fully awake.

Charlie looked at me, tearing up a bit from me scolding him, but he just
kept pointing to the spilt ashes. I ignored him to go get a broom and
dust pan, stepping on Yin’s ashes in the process. I felt the burnt up
remnants of my pet under my feet and apologized over and over again. As
I made my way downstairs to search for the broom and dust pan I felt the
ashes slide off my feet as if they were being pulled by a magnet from
behind me. After five minutes I finally found the tools I needed to
sweep Yin back into her urn, but just as I began to climb up the
staircase I heard my mother scream. It was the first time I’ve ever
heard her scream like that before, it was as if someone spilled a bucket
of lava on her to wake her up. The next thing I heard was my dad calling
for Charlie to get behind him.

I rushed upstairs, dropping the broom and dust pan as I ran to my
parents room.

“What’s wrong!?” I asked, my answer coming in the form of the fluffy
ball before me shaking off ash from her fur then stretching, it was Yin.
I dropped to the ground as she noticed me then ran to my direction,
rubbing herself against me as my dad yelled for me to come to him while
my mother called 911.

“Daddy! Yin is alive!” Charlie cheered.

“Don’t get to close to her! Eddie get over her right now!” dad wasn’t
asking, he was demanding, but just then we all went silent as we heard a
new voice.

“God is coming” I looked down to see Yin, she looked up at me and
extended her claws to my leg. I shouted in pain as she slowly dug her
claws into me and climbed as if I were a tree, all while repeating that
God was coming”God is coming” I looked down to see Yin, she looked up at
me and quickly latched herself onto my leg. I shouted in pain as she dug
her claws into me and quickly climbed up my body as if I were a tree,
all while repeating that God was coming.

Suddenly, Yin was ripped off of me along with tiny pieces of skin by my
dad, she was quickly thrown out the window, breaking it in the process
and covering the floor in glass.

Dad held me back before I could look out the window, I began to bleed
from where her claws were attached, Charlie screaming and crying as my
mom held him down.

“Brock, was that really…” my mom asked, but was quickly interrupted by
my dad. “It was. Same fur pattern, same birthmark on her nose,
everything.” I teared up.

Thoughts raced through my head. “How could this be? How did Yin come
back to life? Why did she said that God was coming?”

While dad and mom were occupied coming my traumatized brother down I
looked out the window, I saw Yin walk off to where Yang was buried. The
glass shards stuck in her body were being pushed out as if they never
punctured her in the first place, no thats not it, they did puncture
her, they were being repelled as if her body was fixing itself and
throwing out foreign objects.

She started to dig on top of Yang’s grave and shortly after I saw a
familiar black paw help dig from within the grave.

My dad must’ve noticed how horrified I looked. As he went to pull me
away saw Yang shake off all the dirt and worms that were all over him,
then the siblings looked up at us.

“We need to go” my dad said to himself before yelling for my mom to meet
him at the car. She carried my brother off as I went with dad. He went
into his closet and grabbed a safe. He told me we had a gun incase
someone ever broke in, but this was the first time I saw it.

“Eddie go with your mom and brother!” I shouted.

“But what about…” I was interrupted, “Go! I’ll be right behind you!” I
nodded, but before I left the room a flash of light beamed from outside
followed my a shadow dropping to the ground and caused my dad and I to
tremble. I ran faster than my dad outside, hearing a mix of my brother
crying and Yin and Yang calling out “Angel”.

As I swung the door open I froze. A giant figured was before me, it had
what look like a glowing mask that belonged in a museum. I got a better
look as it turned around, As the mask illuminated onto something that
was dangling from its mouth, my mother’s body. Charlie was on the ground
crying without taking a second to breath. My dad arrived a second after
me and froze as well.

“Susan!” he shouted then began firing at the figure. The creature swung
my mother’s body across the yard, separating her head as it was inside
its mouth. I looked towards my brother and saw that Yin and Yang were by
his side, they kept repeating the word “Preserve”.

Just then disc-shaped objects appeared, they beamed down a bright light
onto my brother, Yin and Yang. From the light a giant black paw lowered
and picked up my brother and the cats before I could reach them, I
shouted at my dad to shoot at the paw before it took them to where it
was taking them to. My eyes widened as I saw my dad impaled by the
figure’s claws, he looked like a marionette that was being moved around
by an inexperienced puppeteer. I could do nothing but cry, I was
helpless.

The disc-shaped objects flew away as soon as the giant black paw
disappeared, taking my brother and the cats away. I ran into my house
and locked everydoor and locked every window. That was one week ago, I’m
running low on food and terrified of leaving my home. I keep hearing
voices from outside, some belonging do strangers, some belonging to my
family. They always repeat the same word over and over again,
“Preserve”. I don’t know who will see this but im begging you please
help me, I don’t want to die.
