This is something that happened last year, and I really need to get it
off my chest.

I grew up in a small town. It’s one of those places where time seemingly
stopped, quite a while ago. Sunk in a valley located further north with
mild weather, it makes the surrounding nature beautiful at certain times
of year. It’s a mining town. But the mine has already seen its glory
days. It’s still working, but the operation used to feed the whole town;
now… well, it’s just surviving.

My girlfriend Sara also grew up there. We have been friends since
childhood. It was one of those romantic stories where things just keep
working out for years and eventually you end up together… I guess.

One autumn afternoon we were talking about what to do. She said that she
never walked the old railway. There is this abandoned railway they used
to haul limestone on. Now, with smaller yields, mostly truck transport
is used. It was abandoned in the ’90s, so nature already claimed back
part of it. I also hadn’t been there for like 5 years, and it’s a short
45-minute walk to the mine, so we decided to go explore.

The track starts just a few minutes from the station, where the tracks
come out of the forest and bite into the main railroad system. You can
easily tell it apart by the distinct rust layer and high grass growing
between the wooden beams.

I used to go there often during my teens. It was the perfect place for
all kinds of mischief, as adults didn’t go there. We were always told it
was dangerous, but the only notable thing that happened there was a
person probably having an accident. A hunter found blood and a few
belongings dropped near it.

As we walked, I told Sara about the decrepit hunters’ lodge where we
used to get drunk, the pond where we skinny-dipped, the tree trunk where
we’d found a hidden rifle once. Memories I didn’t know I had suddenly
returned to me… suddenly I stopped in confusion.

I realized that we had walked for almost an hour now, and I didn’t
recognize the surroundings anymore. “Nature changes, and it’s already
been a few years,” I dismissed the confusion in my thoughts and
continued walking. After 20 minutes we still walked between two rusted
steel rails with no end in sight. Sara also seemed concerned, so I
checked the map. The small indicator in the right corner announced that
the phone had no signal. The last location the map showed was
approximately 10 minutes from the treeline.

It was already getting dark, and I could not hide my panic anymore. I
looked at Sara with a frozen look and said, “We should have been at the
mine 30 minutes ago.” She looked around and also checked the phone with
the same result. “The map shows no fork, how could we get lost?” she
paused for a bit. “Are you playing a prank on me?” “No, not knowingly.
Look, we are probably slower, or I’m wrong about how long it takes. We
should follow the rail and eventually we’ll arrive at the mine. There is
a road we can walk back, it should be shorter.” I said. She looked at
me. “You can’t be serious. This again?”. “Shut up and keep walking.” I
almost screamed. The stress had already taken a toll on me.

After another 30 minutes it was getting pretty dark, and the mood was
not getting better. Suddenly Sara stopped. “Do you feel it?” she asked.
“What?” I asked, but I immediately knew what she was talking about. A
gentle rumbling trembling through the ground. It was the mine, finally,
I thought at first, until I noticed that the vibrations were getting
stronger. A lot stronger, fast, followed by a loud banging sound.

There was no logic in it, no time to think; I acted on instinct. I
grabbed Sara and pulled her out of the tracks. It was so violent she
dropped her phone on the tracks. We ended up in a ditch, standing in
low, sharp bushes. As their thorns bit into my skin, a train emerged
from the turn in front of us. I just watched in disbelief. I couldn’t
process what I was seeing. It was a full-fledged passenger train. There
were people in the windows, all looking at us with their hands pressed
against the windows. I flinched back, making the thorns bore deeper into
my body, feeling drips of blood flowing down my ankles. The whole ground
shook with train wheels jumping over the rail seams. Something broke in
me. The vision blurred and everything started to echo. I felt emotions,
strong ones. At first panic, i was trapped, there was no leaving this
place. Then I considered tearing out of the bushes and beating the shit
out of that train. Next there was just emptiness, like I just lost
something. Then it was as if I couldn’t remember the last few seconds,
last thing I heard was loud squeal of its horn.

I looked at Sara and honestly expected her to be angry at me for
throwing her into the bushes, but she just stood there with an
absent-minded look. My mind wouldn’t accept what had just happened.
There could have been no train. A painful climb out of the bushes
followed. I offered Sara my hand, but she just climbed out on her own.
This rail isn’t connected anywhere, where did it come from? I continued
for another five minutes, in silence, until I reached the mine.

Some of the workers were just finishing their shift. They stood next to
their car, smoking cigarettes. I approached them, looking scratched up
from the bushes and shaken to my core. The rails finish here, how is
this possible? “Did you by any chance see a train?” I asked them. They
looked at each other in confusion, and then at me. “Are you drunk, kid?”
one of them asked. I didn’t know what to say so I just laughed. This is
not what happened. It was obvious I needed some help; they offered me a
ride home, which I gladly accepted.

I went straight to my bed and slept for 24 hours. Eventually I tried to
contact Sara, but she didn’t respond. With no explanation, no breakup,
our relationship just fell apart.

We didn’t see each other for a few months, but now I need to share this
story because she died recently.

She jumped under the train.
