I grew up a way out in the middle of nowhere. So, most of my childhood
was spent exploring everything I could on my grandfather’s vast cattle
ranch. 300 acres of creeks and ponds and quiet places no one knew about.
Or at least, that’s how I preserved the whole thing. My family home was
set up on Cypress hill, which happens to be the tallest hill in the
whole county. From there you could see for miles. From that sentineline
hill, I could see all the happenings in my lonesome part of the world. I
knew when John Felts was feeding his cattle, because all the little
specks off in the distance would start marching across his pasture in a
neat, hurried line. The stink of burning feather drifting in the wind
told me Bob Jones was illegally burning dead chickens. I even,
occasionally, had the opportunity to witness the Goodyear blimp sailing
across the sky on its way to Dallas.
The majority of my young life was spent in God’s creation, among the
pines and tickle tongues. Down in the valley, where cool fresh watered
springs fed into a creek is where I was most happy. It led to a
dammed-up pond where I lost many lures and on hot days, I would strip
down to nothing and swim around in the clearer pools of the creek. At
night, I would sit in the yard and watch fireflies dance in the sky and
listen to the coyotes howling at the train until my mother forced me
into the house. By all accounts, it was a happy, free childhood. Except
from one night out of the year.
On the evening of the summer solstice before the sun fully set. My
parents would call me and my sister inside. They would draw all the
curtains and by candlelight, we would play games or tell stories and eat
popcorn. It always felt like a holiday to me. The only serious rules
were, no looking outside, and no going outside. When I asked, I was only
ever met with “We’ll tell you when you’re older.”
To tell the truth, I did break the rule a few times. Many times, I
remember lying in bed for hours waiting until all the sounds of the
household settled. And then, I’d quietly slip out of bed, crawl over to
the window and ever so slightly peak out. These nights were especially
dark from atop Cypress hill. Normally, the whole countryside was
speckled with security lights and lights flooding out through windows.
But on these nights, there was nothing. Except for 1 light. If you
followed the creek through the valley way off to the northern corner of
my grandfather’s land, passed the property line into another heavily
wooded property there was a massive bon fire. Every solstice night,
flames leapt up above the tops of the great Loblolly Pines and shadows
would dance around through the light of the fire. I would sit and watch
that spot until I grew too tired and was forced to retreat and take
refuge in the sanctuary of my bed.
 
School for me was difficult. I wasn’t athletic, I wasn’t particularly
good in class, and I was never terribly gifted at making friends. And in
a class of 254 kids, your options are slim. I did have one friend.
Emily. I say friend, though, she was just being kind to me. She was
pretty and her green eyes were like the deep emerald waters of my
domain. I tried and tried to summon the courage to ask her on a date.
She was always just out of reach. I was always too scared to take my
chance.
Life just went on that way until the summer break before my senior year.
The same old solstice routine, settlers of Catan by candlelight, Dad
telling us stories, supper and then bed. I lay there until about 11:30
and curiosity won over. After all, I was 18 and a man by now. Why
couldn’t I go and see what that bon fire was all about? So that’s what I
did. Stepping out of my bedroom window into the humid June night air,
suddenly, I felt as if I had committed some unforgivable crime.
Swallowing this feeling, I ran down to the tree cover of the creek and
began to tread north. To this day I wish I hadn’t. I wish I had remained
dumb the whole thing.
The creek welcomed me like family; I knew every tree and drank the
sounds of its trickling waters and singing crickets. My steps were light
and fast on the pine needles. On occasion, I would stop the listen for
pigs but thankfully, I never heard any.
After about an hour, I was stepping passed the border of my
grandfather’s property and into unknown territory. The singing of women
was drifting its way through the trees. Slowly, I crept through the
thick brush until I saw it. A clearing in the pines with a massive fire
in the middle. Some sort of flat stone lay before the fire on which
incense, and candles burned. Figures danced in a circle and bent their
bodies this way and that way. There were 9 of them. Hair sticking to
their sweat slicked bodies, glistening skin which shown yellow and
orange in the fire light. I could recognize some of them. Ms. Carter was
the middle school art teacher and Mrs. Fairbanks was the sheriff’s wife.
Catharine Felts had graduated from high school 3 years before. They were
all completely nude, garland wreathes crowned their heads. Intoxicated
by their state of undress, I was bidden to sit and watch. Suddenly, they
began to run about and I thought I had been discovered and ducked down
behind a fallen pine tree and prepared to run.
Then I heard a playful tune. And then exaltations from the women calling
out “Master, Master!” My curiosity got the better of me and I chanced a
look. In the middle of the women rose a figure of immense size. His legs
were covered in coarse dark hair. His face was handsome, but the eyes
were wrong, like the eyes of a goat, and from the top of his head rose 2
large horns like that of a ram. Lean, vascular hands held a flute to his
lips, and the music which flowed from it was beautiful and enchanting,
and the women gathered around him hand caressing his body, fingers
running through the dark fur. An oily, bestial musk was pouring forth
from the creature and mixed itself with the burning incense.
Again, as if following some command only they could hear, the naked
thrall began to dance and sing their sweat covered bodies bathed in the
fire light. Despite my fear, I felt myself being drawn to them. My mind
was swimming in an ocean of desire and my body was shaking. As I stood,
the dancing and the music ceased, and all attention was turned to the
forest.
I, too, turned my gaze and saw a figure, draped in a thin white vail
emerged from the shadows and slowly moved in a singular presession. Once
free of the trees, the Vail was removed. In the glow, among the shadows
was a face I recognized, and a body I had longed to see stripped bare
for a very long time. Beautiful alabaster skin, small breasts tipped in
pale pink, and flushed cheeks crowned with the beautiful green eyes of
my Emily.
It was here, I am ashamed to admit, I watched intently. My base desires
for this girl I had grown up with were in part fulfilled with this
voyeuristic display. But as soon these thoughts had entered my mind, my
excitement was dashed.
The crowd had begun to sing. Beautiful, harmonious notes swelled and
then shrank back from discordant chords and the beast took Emily’s hand
and lead her towards the massive flat stone in the middle of the
clearing, around them danced the retinue of women.
Emily climbed upon stone and presented herself body as one would present
an offering to a god. The beast snuffed the air and covered her small
frame over with his body, but I could bear no more. I could feel my
chest heaving and my face burned hotly but fear caught my shout in my
throat. Quietly and quickly, I hurried back through the creek, back to
my home, the ecstasies of woman and huffs of beast and the chants of
cultists followed behind as though mocking me until, at last, they faded
out of earshot.
I never returned to that school. I didn’t even stay in town very long
after that. It seems to me; everyone knows what goes on down in that
clearing. How could they allow it to happen? A select few women, mothers
and daughters being offered up the lustful whims of the ancient god Pan.
