CW: Violence against children, homophobia, references to sexual coercion
and suicide.

My dad was never present in my life, I was three years old when my mom
told me had to move away for a very long time. 

I’d later find out he was serving out a life sentence. He took his own
life in January of this year, I only now received my parts of his will. 

It was just an envelope containing the following story. 

My father was 29 when I was born. My mother, your grandmother, was 40.
She passed when she was 50 years old in June of ’68.

I remember her funeral, it was predominately men.

Some made sense, my uncles, her friend’s husbands. Others didn’t,
particularly; an old slender man with a hooked nose and a blue tie, A
rotund middle aged man with prominent underbite and a man far older than
anyone in our town who’s glass eye perpetually looked down.

They sat in their own section, my father with them. All in blue ties. 

I remember thinking…

“If they cared so much about her, why did we never see them.”

I was 11, and it didn’t make sense to me. A lot of things didn’t make
sense to me. 

One  the grave was being filled in and my dad said his thank yous to the
leaving attendants. I saw a small black car with its windows tinted.

One was rolled down, a camera’s telescopic lens peaking through. Each
shutter click carried across the graveyard to the church. I saw my
father flinch every few clicks. He’d take a short breath each time but
act like nothing was happening, everyone did.

The drive home was quiet, my older brother sniffled back tears next to
me in the back.

My father kept his eyes on the road, he never cried. Or, I’d never seen
him cry.

“I’ll drop you off then I’ll be out at my club. Your mother’s left some
dinner in the freezer. Howard, you can reheat it for you and your
brother,” my father said, not moving his eyes from the window. 

His voice was deep as diamonds, as my mother would say. I remember my
uncles quietly gossiping at a barbecue that his voice was a put on.

Me and my brother then threw his baseball in the garden. We talked about
mom, about school and watched my father leave in his suit and blue tie.

He got into a Cadillac, leaving our car in the drive. I could see the
eyes of the driver. One of them was glass. 

“What do you think he does there?” Howard asked, tossing the ball to me.

“Shut up.” I snapped and threw it back.

“Y’know Gary’s dad says they all go to the town hall.” He smirked. 

“No he didn’t. Gary’s dad is in prison…dumbass.” 

“Nuh-uh. He got let out early cuz he helped repair the plumbing and he
said on his drive home he saw dad talk with these guys outside town
hall. Gary told me”  Howard said, wiping his nose with his hand then on
his shirt.

“Well Gary got hit by the wing mirror of a ford last year. N’ now he’s
stupid.” I continued “it’s nothing. Adult stuff, like work.”

“He stinks when he gets back.” Howard said tossing me the ball, I walked
back to the house. He continued “What? He can’t hear us, pussy.”

I knew he couldn’t, I left because he was right and I don’t know. I
didn’t wanna hear the truth?

I’d hear my father come home late. I’d stay up till I hear him close his
bed room door. He’d stagger past our room and smell of sweat and what I
now recognise as whiskey.

I remember my brother, lying on his side at the other end of my room.
Raising his eyebrows and pinching his nose.

The worst night happened the following week. My father had been to his
club and subsequently come home late 4 times that week. It was Friday.

This was out of the norm, when mom was still alive he’d maybe go once or
twice a week. They’d argue before he’d leave but I couldn’t make sense
of who was angry at who. 

We rode our bikes from school and stopped at Gary’s trailer. They where
moving out and his mother was looking to get rid of him for a few
hours. 

That evening we sat with our bikes. 

“We’re movin’ to a mansion.” Gary bragged before spitting on the
concrete outside the ice cream parlour.

“No you’re fucking not.” Howard chirped back.

“We are! Two floors, it’s still in sycamore though. Pretty nice part of
town. They got two banks.” Gary replied.

“How do you guys have the money for that?” I asked.

“Prison money, from the plumbing.” Gary said.

“He wouldn’t get payed for that, getting out early was his payment
dumbass.” Howard responded.

“Well he did. And he’s getting wayyyyy more work now. Works every night.
Gonna get me a new bike.”  Gary once again bragged. “Where’s you guy’s
dad.”

I looked down, hoping Howard wouldn’t answer.

“His club.” Howard said quieter.

“Mitch said they all worshipped an owl statue. Blood sacrifice.” Gary
said, smirking.

“Well Mitch is gay.” I said.

“I bet they all prance round a fire and sing like Indians.” Gary said
making himself laugh 

“Fuck off Gary.” I snipped.

“Well prove me wrong! Town hall is only ten minutes away!” Gary said,
getting back on his bike. 

“No we shouldn’t-“

 Howard cut it in:

“Okay. And when he isn’t. You’ll tell Nancy hoburton that your dad
dropped soap in prison and you wish it was you who helped him pick it
up.” He smiled triumphantly.

“The fuck does that mean?” Gary shrugged it off. “Deal.” They spat in
there hands and shook.

“I dunno guys-“ I started and Howard once again cut me off. “We know
dad’s not doing that, right?” he nodded at me.

We biked down the dusty road to town hall. Gary was going faster than me
and Howard, giving us a moment of quiet.

“What if they’re a communist club?” I asked Howard who squinted at the
question. 

“Communists don’t exist anymore, moron.” Howard kept his eyes on the
road.

When we arrived at town hall, the parking lot was filled with cars of
all kind. It had gotten late, maybe 9 or 10 but all of the spaces where
filled.

“Low and behold.” Gary said as we ditched our bikes on the concrete.

Me and Howard ignored him.

“Even if they are communists or worshipping Satan. I think we should
still spread that rumour.” I said to Howard.

“Heh, yeah.” Howard smiled.

I looked to the hall’s front door. Then to my left where I thought Gary
would be. He was behind us stopped dead in his tracks.

He was bright red and let out a disappointed sigh.

“man that’s my dad’s car.” Gary muttered.

He pointed to a grey flatbed.

“Ha! You where talking all that shit and now your dad’s their newest
member!” Damien cackled.

“Fuck you man. They ain’t doing weird shit. My dad wouldn’t do that
shit.” Greg pushed past us and to the town hall doors.

We entered, the place was closed. To the left was a few offices I’d
later work a summer job and reconnect with the woman who would become
your mother.

To the right were recreational spaces. Places for mixers and coffee.

We crept down the right hallway. As we trod the musty red carpet a noise
became clearer. 

Music. A slow jazz track.

It became louder and louder with each step only muffled by the hallways
final double doors.

“It’s that one.” I whispered. The others nodded.

We got to the door, gave each other a look and played rock paper
scissors.

Rock.

Paper.

Scissors.

Shoot!

Howard had paper, so did Gary.

I had scissors.

My heart was beating loud in my ears,  louder than the music. 

I grabbed the brass door Knob and turned.

I moved it open an inch, I tilted my head to look in.

I saw the back of a tall thin bald man, the same as the one at my
mother’s funeral.

He walked down the centre of the room, looking to either side to who I
presumed to be other men just outside of my field of view. It felt like
when our teacher would walk the isles of our desks during a test. But he
didn’t seem annoyed or displeased. He looked satisfied, his chest rising
and falling he too sweating. 

Just at the edges of my vision, flat on the carpet. I could see piles of
clothes. Suits Jackets, belts and blue ties. 

It smelt like sweat, like my dad. Thick, damp sweat. 

I hated it.

“What are they doing in there?” Howard asked

The man snapped his head around!

I booked it, my brother greg following after. 

He split away me and Howard biked home ran upstairs and into our beds. 

I shut my eyes begging to go to sleep, begging to be free from
consequence. I couldn’t. Maybe half an hour later I heard the sound of
several people entering the house.

I only saw two at our doorway. My dad and a large portly figure. My dad
stayed by the door, the man crouched down by bed.

“Hey kiddo.” He said in a warm, dry whisper that made my skin crawl. He
reaked, I saw dribbles of sweat leak under his collar. 

“Y’know I’m real glad you boys are excited to find out what we do at the
club.” 

He got closer, holding onto my hand and placing a finger into my palm.

“You’ll get your chance when you come of proper age. But…” he paused,
lowered his voice and pressed a yellowed unclipped nail into the skin of
my palm. “…bad things happen to little boys who tell tall tales. And we
don’t welcome boys like that into our club. Okay?” He pushed his sharp
nail further, it felt like a pin prick. 

I nodded.

“We wouldn’t want you to go away like Gary’s father, right sport?” He
asked, smiling.

I shook my head.

“Good.” 

He stood up and walked to my brothers room. His large body covered my
view of howard. I didn’t hear much of the conversation until the man
lowered his voice. Then all of a sudden

Howard socked the man right in the jaw!

The man stumbled back, rubbing where he had been struck. He stood for a
moment, before grabbing Howard’s leg.

“Your fight like your daddy… dirty.”

He yanked him out of bed and Howard hit the floor with a:

Thud! 

Howard kicked and swung his arm but the man had an iron grip. 

The fat man dragged Howard by the leg out of the room and down the
stairs. I saw Howard’s pleading eyes as he disappeared from view. He was
so afraid.

My father still stood in the doorway, I couldn’t make out his face, I
like to think he was crying. That he knew what he had done was wrong.

I heard Howard’s desperate cry’s for me.

“Micheal!” The man called for my father. Who without missing a beat ran
downstairs.

The following morning I saw my dad at breakfast. 

He sat at our dining table, pale with large bags under his eyes he shook
with each inhale.

He looked like death, Howard looked worse. 

“Neither of you are to ever leave the house. Is that understood?” He
grumbled.

We both nodded. 

“Sometimes, we have to do things we don’t want to do. To keep things the
way they are. To make things better. You’ll understand when you’re
older.” My father finally said.

I didn’t understand. I don’t understand. 

Howard lost his talkative nature, after that summer we’d silently ride
our bikes to school. Taking the long route to avoid town hall.

He  bounced in and out of prison well before he turned forty. He made
his final and most recent visit the day after that milestone birthday. 

Now it’s mine. July 5th. 

Alongside a stack of birthday cards from college friends, a homemade
birthday cake from Nancy and you. I received a pristine blue tie.

I love you more than life itself, you don’t know what the world is like
yet what you’ll see out there. You don’t know why won’t be here, they
won’t let you.

I hope you understand now that you’re older.

It was kind, I didn’t know the man and he could’ve just as easily left
me in the dark when I received my blue tie last week.

But I’m happy to write that I’m moving my family out of sycamore this
weekend. 

 
