Ever since my final year of high school, I’d been avidly listening to
ASMR maybe a little too much, almost to the point that I couldn’t sleep
without something playing in the background.

It’d even gotten to the point where I went out of my way to buy an
overpriced pair of headphones just to increase the quality (In
hindsight, I wouldn’t recommend doing this).

While I’d never gone too deep into the “darker” areas of ASMR, I had
considered it during my low points.

So, when I found myself doom scrolling late into the night on YouTube, I
just chose on the first thing I saw and tried to rest without even
reading the title or giving the thumbnail a good look.

At first, it felt like a regular video: a soft-speaking lady with a
gentle accent rubbing her hands over the microphone with occasional cuts
to her tapping and playing with random toys and everyday objects you
could find on Amazon- nothing out of the ordinary.

The only thing that made me uncomfortable at first was the occasional
pause in any kind of sound from the lady that seemed to occur randomly,
though I justified it in my head as awkward pacing in the editing.

Then, after about twenty minutes, I heard a sudden squelching sound in
my right ear. Besides the slight echo, it sounded so real that I
actually thought it had happened next to me.

I paused the video and, skipping back ten seconds, I replayed the video.

Again the squelching sound played, this time accompanied with visuals
that I’ll try my best to describe. Forgive me if it’s rudimentary.

It was a large, open room with a glass wall at the far end, which seemed
to be the only source of lighting besides the flash of the phone camera.
There were several pieces of what I could only assume was furniture
covered by thin, white sheets. The floor and walls looked dirty, as if
they were only half-painted. Looking back, I believe it was some kind of
store that was in the process of refurbishment.

The oddest part, however, was what was in the middle of the room and
what was clearly making the aforementioned squelch.

It was a man who was sitting on his knees. He was completely nude from
head to toe with the exception of one of the white sheets placed on his
lap. He wore what seemed to be a cheap Halloween mask of a pig or a hog,
though with the video’s quality it could’ve been almost any animal.

In his hands was a large chunk of uncooked meat almost thicker than the
man’s arm and about half as long as his torso. He proceeded to drop the
meat onto the floor, causing the sound.

The rest of the video proceeded on as normal, with the lady resuming to
the usual tapping and rubbing.

I checked the title.

It read, “♡ LOVE ASMR | 30K Special | Mic Rubbing + Talking Sounds ♡”.

I checked the comments. All were the typical ones you’d see in any
regular ASMR video, with many of them congratulating the lady for the
milestone, not a single one mentioning the clip.

I tapped on the channel’s profile and scanned through what was
immediately in front of me.

LOVE ASMR @love_asmr_dot_com - 30.1k Subscribers • 57 videos.

Each video seemed largely the same with generic titles, just like the
one I had just watched.

Curiosity got the better of me and I selected yet another video, this
one being her most recent one.

I turned the video’s Playback Speed to 2.0 and skimmed through it. The
video was completely normal up until the last few minutes where yet
another interruption played.

This one confidently disturbed me more.

It was in a different setting now: an old house with flowery wallpaper
and wooden framing. The floor was covered in a fluffy material. It felt
very distinctly like an old person’s house; the kitchen was visible from
a corner in the hallway.

Lying on the floor was a man, maybe in his 40s, bound by tape, his hands
and feet behind his back as he used his front teeth to drag himself
forwards closer to the camera, though he didn’t seem to give the person
holding it any mind, seemingly wanting to go past them.

I closed the video, not even caring to check the comments.

On my laptop, I searched “love asmr” just to see what I would find.

Oddly enough, the channel had its own subreddit with just under 90
members. Despite the low amount, it was very active.

Each and every post was of two different kinds- either a favoured
section from the “normal” parts of her videos or more disturbing,
five-second clips of people doing more deranged things. The titles of
these videos were typically full stops or commas, stuff like that.

Curiosity made me play a few of them. Some things remained constant-
each one was in a different place with seemingly different people each
time, with the camera quality always being atrociously poor.

The first one I watched- easily the longest at 7 seconds- was a video of
a family all sat around a dining table.

It was a family of four, featuring two couples: one elderly and one
young. They all were holding hands and seemingly in prayer, though the
food on their plates was, again, uncooked meat, though this time it had
been chopped up into many tiny, uneven slices.

The lady- the elderly one- seemed to sob occasionally, though she hid it
well.

Looking around at the rest of the room, I almost jumped in my seat as I
noticed, in the corner of the room, was another young man standing
completely still, staring at the camera. He was nude and was also
wearing a plastic mask, this one too far away to make out. He didn’t
move or seemingly breathe once during the 7 seconds, though it was too
hard to tell.

The next one I watched- and the last one I’ll be describing- was the
worst in my opinion.

Sure, the others were disturbing, but nobody seemed like they were in
any actual pain and one could easily assume it was just some weird
online fetish or even some wannabe cult.

This one proved me wrong.

It was a group of men- yet again, all naked and wearing masks-
surrounding a woman who was laid out carefully on a table. They were
seemingly performing a lobotomy on her, though her open eyes made me
think she was completely conscious. The video cut off right as the
ice-pick sunk deep into the lady’s head, her sharp scream getting cut
off.

That night, I didn’t get any sleep. I did as much research I could on
this channel and its subreddit, intending on reporting it to someone
who’d do something about it.

I couldn’t find anything meaningful besides what I’d already seen.

If anybody else has seen this, please tell me. It can’t just be me
that’s found this.
