So this happened a while back, but it keeps popping back into my head so
I figured I’d make a post and hopefully someone would go “oh yeah that’s
actually a thing that happened to people because of xxx” and I could put
it to rest. I can’t remember the specific year, but to date myself I was
rocking the LG Rumor 2 slide phone, so it was probably either 2009 or
2010. I grew up in the Southeast USA so a regular fall tradition for my
family was driving into Appalachian country and checking out whatever
corn mazes we could find when the season rolled around. At the time, I
was in high school and I had three younger siblings across elementary
and middle.

On one such trip, we were at some farm that was running two or three
mazes at the same time, they were feeling extra patriotic that year and
the mazes were shaped like an eagle and an American flag, and then some
basic rectangular one. Me and my siblings had spent most of the day
playing and messing around all three mazes, just wandering and trying to
scare each other. Eventually I wound up in the highest difficulty maze
with my brother, they had some scavenger hunt going on in the maze so we
decided to race each other and see who could finish the hunt and escape
the maze first. I was a very disorganized and laid back young lad, so I
ended up meandering and taking my time after only a few minutes of
actually trying to race my brother, and from my perspective I was
probably walking around the maze for around 20 or 30 minutes max.

That’s when I received three consecutive texts from my dad, all of them
very weird. In order, and in all caps, I received the texts “WHERE ARE
YOU?”, “PLEASE RESPOND”, and “HELP”. This freaked me out something
crazy. The other bizarre thing was that the time stamps on the text
messages didn’t make sense. I know it’s kind of a weirdly specific thing
to remember but this was so odd to me in the moment that it’s stuck with
me almost photographically. I could very clearly see the time on my
phone was 3:58, but the text time stamps all came in showing 4:05, seven
minutes ahead. To make matters worse, we had a crappy Sprint service
that rarely ever worked in the mountains, so when I tried to text back a
response to my dad, they wouldn’t go through. Needless to say, I
basically sprinted the rest of the way through the maze to get out and
find my dad, thinking there was some kind of trouble or emergency.

When I did make it out, I saw my parents and my brother just hanging out
at a nearby picnic table eating snacks. When I rushed to my dad to find
out what the emergency was, he was just as confused as I was, saying he
never sent me any texts. I didn’t believe him and had him show me his
phone and sure enough those texts I had received were not in his message
history. I showed them my phone and they all saw the texts themselves,
but my parents were the kind to not really worry about things you felt
like they should have, so they just brushed it off as me being the
receiving end of some weird prank. That doesn’t explain the time
difference or how they were from my dad’s number, but maybe it was? I’m
not sure of the technical capabilities of pranksters around that time
period, but maybe?

Either way, come to find out, my dad actually had been planning on
texting me but hadn’t gotten around to it yet. Apparently my brother
finished the maze like 45 minutes earlier, and what I felt was 20 or 30
minutes turned out to be nearly 2 hours. My family was getting impatient
thinking I was messing around wasting time and were ready to get back on
the road, but I came running out before they sent one of the farm
employees in looking for me. I don’t have some spooky “and then the
texts disappeared” thing, they were real and stayed on my phone in my
text history until I upgraded to a smart phone a few years later, but I
never got an answer as to where they came from.

How did my sense of time get so warped? Why did the texts have a time
stamp that my phone recognized as not having happened yet? Why were they
from my dad? And why were they so creepy and clearly from someone who
was trying to find me while my family was actually wondering where I
was? Eventually I kind of hand waived it away telling myself it was
probably some automated safety thing that Sprint did to children’s
phones if they lost service, but actually that doesn’t really make sense
right? This whole event was super weird right?
