A light tapping on the rainfly coaxed me from sleep.  Small animal,
maybe a mouse, on the roof.  Maybe the gentle beginnings of a mountain
rain.  My eyes blinked, closed again, then reopened, too dark to make a
difference.  The gentle patter stopped, and I turned in my bag to return
to sleep, when the sound of ripping nylon from the door of the tent
froze me in place.  

“Wha-” Jack exclaimed beside me, half choking in sleep, before I felt
his bag’s friction against mine, felt him move in his cocoon, and felt
him ripped through the hole in the tent.  

“ENNIS!”  He yelled, panic mashed with fear and bewilderment.  He yelled
again, an incoherent scream over the sound of crackling dried grass and
rocks, the sound carried away with him.  

I sat up, desperately fumbling for a headlamp, a flashlight, something,
but it was dark, so terribly dark, and my trembling hands plodded empty
space on the tent’s floor and Jack’s sleeping pad, still warm from his
body heat.  

“NO NO NO!” His voice, awake now, fully awake, pleading and high
pitched, “ENNI-” and he screamed.  I’ll never forget that scream, I’ll
never stop hearing that scream, it fills my ears in moments of silence,
and the last few moments of wake, it accompanies the alarm clock first
thing in the morning, and the dull thu-thunk of the Netflix screen, of
my car’s seat belt warning, and my manager’s disappointed tones.  How it
grew, high terror, to pain, dropping octaves mid-note, becoming wet,
expulsionary.  Animal.  And then the sound of meat ripping.  Of tissues
of muscle and sinew and bone torn, like ripping a flap of a nylon tent. 

And then it was silent.  So still outside.  So peaceful.  The night
unaware, or uncaring of what had happened. 

What had happened?  Thin mountain air filled my lungs, drawn by rapid
and shallow breaths, desperate to feed a heart running at wind sprint
speed.  But I held my breath, willing the pounding my ears to silence
itself, yearning for any sound, any input.  

“Ja…Jack?”  My shout barely whispered from the back of my throat.

“HA HA!”  From somewhere around Jack’s direction.  Mockingly playful.

“Hey-” I began, but interrupted.  A hiss of air of something traveling
toward me, something thrown or flying.  The something hit me squarely in
the chest, lightly.

My legs kicked in my bag, mind frozen on what it was, images of spiders,
or bats, rabid squirrels, snakes, filling my heat, and I kicked, feeling
the bursting zipper of the bag, and I wiggled and thrashed, squirming to
get free.  

Hiss.  Thwack.

A light impact, this time on my forehead, and I felt the almost feathery
sharpness of whatever it was.

“HA HA!” Again from Jack’s location.

Hiss.  Thwack.

Another impact in the darkness against my chest.  And more laughter,
turning to a giggle in the distance.  I felt the object fall into my
lap, and I grabbed it, prepared to crush it, or cast it away before it
could bite or claw or sting me.  My hand wrapped around it and…

A pine cone?  My other hand joined the first, rolling it between them,
feeling the ridges and sharp tips, the folds.

“Jack?  This isn’t funny!”  I yelled.  Confusion adding to the fear.

“AHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA!”  Belly laughter, eye watering.

I dropped the pine cone and felt for a light source.  Hands and knees on
the floor of the tent, feeling through my ruined sleeping bag and my
pack, my boots.

Thwack.

Without warning, something heavy flew through the air and hit me on the
shoulder.  Too heavy for a pine cone, soft, yet pointy.  It landed like
a wet mop and dropped to my hand below me.  Without thinking, I grabbed
it, my fingers wrapping around cooling dead fingers.  A rubber wedding
ring around one of them.  A thumb, and palm, and a wrist wet with blood
and exposed muscle and a shattered bone.  Jack.  Oh my god, Jack.

“HAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAHAH!”  Gasping cackles, uncontrolled joy from
outside.  

I bolted to my feet and rushed through the torn opening of the tent,
blind to the night, I turned the direction of the laughter and ran.  Ran
barefoot over rocks, and sticks, ran into subalpine fir branches, and
into small animal holes.  The laughter continued.  Laughing, laughing,
mocking, amusing joy.  So dark.  So dark tonight, I thought, no moon, no
stars, no North Star to guide me, so dark.  

I felt the ground descend, felt elevation change pitch downward, and my
leg slipped, tumbling down, falling, then rolling.

“HAHAH HAHA HAHAH HAAAAAAAAA!”  Rolling inhales and exhales, elation.

A bowl of a big Doug Fir halted my roll and I struggled to breathe, wind
knocked out, keenly aware of a hundred cuts in my feet, or perhaps one
big one, of my arms and back scraped by rocks, and dirt embedded into my
skin.

And the laughter stopped.  From the center of the edges of the horizon,
the dark faded, stars appearing one by one, as if a sheet was being
pulled away, a curtain lifted.  Moonlight.  Trees below me.  Dozens of
ridges in front of me in the distance.  The song of crickets and a
gentle night breeze.  

Elk hunters found me the next morning. I’d made it ten miles from our
camp, barefoot and in only boxers, dehydrated, sick from blood loss and
madness, holding only Jack’s hand for explanation.

I told you all that, so I can say this.  It’s taken me time to get over
this, therapy, pills, drink, but the more time I tell the story, the
more people I let know about it, the funnier it gets, you know?  Jack’s
final scream, hehe, you know, something you look back, and haha, laugh
about.
