Part 1 link: https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/fQfUmnL8Yk
Part 2 link: https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/s/Zlc88YhWpn

My gaze remained locked to Eric, a single tear ran down his right cheek.
I looked down to see his greasy, contorted smile. For a moment, the
background chatter and noises of a bustling restaurant died, the people
all around remained motionless and now only the man, Eric, and I stood
in a dead lock. The sweat grew from my pores.

I gasped a weak, “No,” pushing the contract back across the table.

A low growl began to seep out from his smile, but his lips didn’t move.
It grew louder and louder until it sounded as if a diesel engine was
revving directly in my face. Eventually, I could make out that the
groaning was a word. Eric was saying, “Run.”

There was a flooding of memories which had been wiped from the day
previous. This was the man in the cave. This man was supposed to be
dead; I saw him dead in there. I wasn’t sure what was wrong, but I knew
that I had to get back to the clearing in the woods. I couldn’t alert my
family, I didn’t want to seem crazy, but I had to see if there was a
body in that cavern. I had to get Maggie now, and head out there before
dark.

I spilled out of the seat and took off toward the exit of the dining
room. My sneakers squeaked against the polished, dark wood. The sudden
movement startled the rest of the room awake, people from every table
rose to their feet. Servers dropped their trays and patrons spat out
their food, the crashing and staring turned into the sound of a stampede
getting closer. I grabbed the keys from the valet’s station and
clambered into the driver seat, a sea of people crammed their way out
the double doors. Most got stuck behind the mass, a few were trampled
underneath.

A bulbous business man in a grey suit burst through the horde, and
shattered the wooden door from its hinges. He crushed the hostess under
his gargantuan weight, but she remained crawling toward me with a
feverish rage. Soon, the rest began to spew forth, a magma which ran
down the steps and toward me. 

I hit the ignition on my car. Nothing. The ravenous mass inched closer,
foam pouring from their devilish smiles. There were only mere seconds
until I would be surrounded. The car squealed under pressure as I turned
the ignition again. I could see the children that were once eating a
peaceful meal shamble out from the restaurant, just behind their
parents. The big man in the suit, now with blood streaks running up the
legs from stomping through people, reached the passenger side of the
car. The engine finally lit and began to purr with the third pull of the
key. I threw the car into drive and jumped the parking stop, grinding
the concrete underneath its low frame. The man smashed the back
passenger window with his pudgy hands. I turned left out of the parking
space, and looked forward to where I was going. The valet jumped from
behind a truck near the exit of the parking lot; I struck him with the
front left bumper. This sent him careening off into the trailer hitch,
and smashed his head between it and my car. I felt a bump as I rolled
over his legs and out onto the road. 

My mission was to get the dog and get to the cave before sundown. I
still had my backpack sitting by the front door so I wouldn’t have to
worry about packing. I had a little over an hour until sunset; I arrived
home and quickly gathered my bag and Maggie. I could hear Jasmine asking
me where I was going, but I didn’t have time to explain. 

“Oh, don’t worry babe; I’ll be back soon.”

“How’d the meeting go? Did you bring me any take-out?” I could hear her
voice growing closer; she was stepping toward the hallway from the
kitchen. 

“No sorry. I’ll tell you later, I’m in a hurry right now.” I swung the
backpack over my shoulder. Jasmine had stepped into the breezeway
between the hall and the kitchen, her petite frame silhouetted from the
lamp resting on the counter behind her.

“No, you can’t leave now.” A viscous liquid oozed slowly off the sleeves
of her see-through negligee.

“God damn babe, what is that? Where’s Pennie?” I approached her with a
worried fervor.

“She’s here, Pennie’s home.” I reached halfway down the hallway, where
the light switch was sitting on my left; I flipped the switch, and my
eyes watered from the news it had just received.

Jasmine stood in the doorway from the kitchen still, the liquid was
blood, her blood. She was completely nude besides her pink negligee; a
deep wound ran up from her bushy pubic hair through her engorged belly,
finishing directly under her ribs. 

Bart flanked Maggie and me from the living room on the right. He snarled
and kept in a low-ready stance; pale foam was dripping out of his mouth.
The growling just caused it to roll and bubble further. Maggie dug into
her own defensive posture and backed into me, I reached into my bag and
yelled at Bart.

“Hey!”

Jasmine dug her hand into the wound without concern for pain. I
shuddered, and bile shot out from my twisting stomach into my throat. I
kept my mouth closed and swallowed the warm, sour goo. She gripped
something within herself. “Look.” She ripped her hand out of her seeping
chasm, her hand was holding a motionless Pennie.

“Jesus Christ! What have you done?” My left hand clenched into a fist
and my entire body began to shake with rage. My right hand had gripped
around the gun.

“You couldn’t accept the good life, huh? Well, you can’t leave now. I’m
keeping you home like Pennie.” Jasmine lunged toward me revealing a
knife in her right hand, the baby still in her left. I front kicked my
girlfriend in the chest with malice and fear, it sent her crashing into
the wall and falling, but not before she was able to get a slash onto
the back of my right calf, tearing through the slacks and into my flesh.

Bart lunged at Maggie after Jasmine attacked; Maggie yelped when her
brother latched onto her neck. I turned and the sudden adrenaline surge
caused my trigger finger to squeeze and misfire the gun. I instinctively
closed my eyes after the bang. I kept my composure as best as I could,
and reopened my soggy eyes. Maggie was saved, the lucky dog. She was
bleeding from the bite, but it looked superficial upon a quick
examination. Bart had lain motionless in a growing pool of his blood.

My ears rang. I rushed out of the house with Maggie right behind me,
locking my car doors as soon as I’d entered. I didn’t know what was
happening, or what was even real anymore.  I know running to the woods
will make me the prime suspect, but maybe I could make things right
still. The little four cylinder car screamed to life, and the black
gravel spat out from under the spinning tires. I turned to look back at
my front door; it hung open to a travesty I couldn’t have imagined was
possible an hour or two before. The trees which obscured our home slowly
disappeared, the scene behind them. A decrepit figure I once called the
love of my life sprinted out the door and into the lawn, she stomped
through the rocks and sand spurs to gain ground, but the car was too
fast, she vanished amongst the brush.

Maggie and I reached the trail head; it felt as if there was a war drum
thudding within my chest, played by a frantic boy that was watching his
compatriots fall to arms greater than theirs. There was about as much
sunlight as there was time it’d take to reach the opening. The clothes I
wore were more suited for a business meeting than a mad dash through the
woods, but I had no other choice. With a sizable gash on my right leg, I
hobbled as fast as I could to the cave. 

The rain started as soon as I got close to where I was supposed to turn
off toward the train tracks. I was still just as close to my car as the
hollow, this was the earliest it had ever rained when going to the spot.
After much effort and ditching my blazer in the sand, I had finally
reached the cave in the clearing. Everything looked the same as I
remembered, everything except the sign, this time the sign looked as if
it was freshly painted, and it read: 

2THESS211

“A fucking Bible verse?” My days in Bible school I approached the hollow
with caution, like I was approaching a wild animal, one step at a time.
It stood breathing and staring through us. Maggie stuck close by me and
matched my slow steps. We entered the cave, and the weather had calmed
completely, the smell and low echo remained the same as I remember. Each
step I took flashed more memories that had been wiped from my mind when
I first breached the cave. 

***

The morning after Jasmine asked what I’d do if she were to get pregnant,
I awoke to Jasmine working on her laptop while sitting next to me in
bed. She had an innocent smile resting on her face. I rose to give her a
kiss on the cheek, she turned to make her lips meet mine. I was getting
out of bed to get some coffee when she stopped me.

“Hey, so I have something to tell you.” Jasmine gazed at me softly from
behind her glasses.

“Yeah, what’s up?” I rubbed my eyes and gazed back.

“So, I am pregnant.”

“What?” My world was imploding around me, “But – I thought you said that
you couldn’t get pregnant.”

“Well, yeah. That is what that doctor told me, or well, he said it was
an extremely low chance. Like, one in eight million or something like
that, but it happened…”

“Shit. I mean, do you want to get an abortion then? I don’t think I’m
ready, and you said you don’t want to have kids anyway.”

“What?” Tears began to well up and her eyes turned red, “But you said –
you said you’d take care of it.”

“Yeah, but I thought this was a hypothetical and the future at that. I
thought you didn’t want to have kids.” I swayed, my stomach remained in
my heart, like I was in freefall. We talked for another hour; I was
going to be late to work but that could be forgiven. I stayed in my
position that the abortion was the best option. We didn’t have a home,
and I barely graduated a year ago. We had no savings. She reassured me
that we’d figure it out, but I could see the disdain for me taking over.
Her agreement came in the end, but at the price of our relationship. I
left for work, still feeling woozy from the news. Jasmine told me that
she’d be gone by the time I got back, that she couldn’t trust me. My
word was meaningless to her from then on.

I didn’t go to work immediately; I drove in circles through the town
calling my parents and grandparents. I sought advice and reassurance,
but didn’t receive any reassurance of my actions, only advice which
frightened me further. My little red car eventually found its way to my
uncle, a restaurateur and womanizer in a floral button down with full
sleeve tattoos. He poured me a drink from his bar. I sipped, winced and
shot the rest down.

“Take it easy, that’s an expensive Japanese whiskey.” Uncle Andy came
from behind the bar and sat at the seat next to me. “So what’s troubling
ya, shouldn’t you be at work instead of drinking at ten in the morning?”

“Yeah well, I might’ve messed up. I don’t know.” I slouched further into
myself; my back rounded. I proceeded to tell Uncle Andy the events of
last night and this morning. Tears began to muster within me; they
released like rain upon the bar after I finished the story.

“Yeah, sounds like you fucked up pretty good. She was a good one for
you, I could see that you made each other happy.” He turned from me and
sat up, reaching over the bar and into the liquor well, pulling out a
cheaper whiskey and pouring me another. “So, what’re you gonna do?”

“What can I do? She’s going to get the abortion now, but she hates my
guts, I probably won’t see her again.”

“Look man, you should go back to her. Apologize, profusely. Fight for
her.”

“What?” I lifted my head from the bartop.

“Look at me Junior, I’ve been with a lot of women, and that’s great for
me. But whenever I see the relationship you and your dad have I get this
feeling inside that I missed out. I love you guys and just seeing you
two together fills me with joy and simultaneously makes me feel –
alone.” He patted me on the back. “Don’t be like me, go to her, and
figure this out. It all will be alright in the end, you have your whole
family to help you if it ever gets hard. Plus you’re a smart guy, you’ll
be just fine.”

I listened to my uncle, it was the best thing I could’ve heard in that
moment. I ran back to Jasmine, she was already packing her things into
her car. I exited my car, then I groveled at her feet, begging her to
take me back. It took her some time, but eventually she knelt down
beside me, and guided me back to standing with an open heart. The work
day was ruined and I decided to stay home; we talked about baby names.
While it seemed like everything would be fine at first, her eyes
remained hollow when fixed onto me. Before bed she pulled me to the side
for a word.

“So we are telling our immediate families tomorrow, but please don’t
tell everyone yet.”

“Why not?” 

“Just don’t. I want to reveal it when I think it’s time, it’s also
early, only a few weeks.” She rubbed her belly and looked down.

“Okay, I’ll try and keep it to myself.” I shrugged.

“No Ken, you will keep it to yourself.” Her right index finger struck me
like a cattle prod.

“Alright, alright. I gotcha.”

***

My eyes snapped open, the surrounding tunnel was clear in my vision. A
flashlight was sitting on the floor shining its light onto the body at
my feet, Eric’s body. When I looked down, I noticed I was dressed in my
shorts and raincoat from the day before, no button up or wingtips. My
mouth was extremely dry, I reached for my phone and pulled it out. The
date on my phone was Saturday. I had been standing in this cave for
almost an entire day. The backpack swung from my shoulders. I retrieved
my water bottle and gulped until I was satisfied, then I pulled the dog
bowl out and gave Maggie some water. She stood beside me panting, she
was back too, her neck matted with dried blood.

After I felt like I was back in my own body, I decided to call in Eric.
I dialed the nonemergency services and told them as much about the
situation as I could without sounding crazy. Two officers arrived at the
scene in about twenty minutes, pretty quick considering where we were
at. They were Deputies Mullen and Weiber, both arriving in a Volusia
County Sheriff’s office F-250 super duty. I guess they wanted a
four-wheel drive vehicle to save on the walking. Deputy Mullen hopped
out of the driver seat and was immediately an imposing figure. He had a
scowl resting on his face, and it was obvious he didn’t want to take
this call, especially now that it was raining again. Deputy Weiber was a
younger, mousey man who carried a smile which read that this was his
first body. 

Mullen slammed the truck door shut and hopped into the sugar sand below;
he flipped his chrome Oakleys onto his head, where they sat resting in a
forest of gelled spikes. The deputy then pointed at me with his left
hand, revealing his rubber wedding ring. “You make the call?”

“Yeah, I found a body in the cavern back there. I think his name’s
Eric,” I said, adjusting my posture in place. My back was tight and my
legs sore. 

“That the name of the missing guy, Joe?” Deputy Mullen asked.

“I think so, but a cave?” Deputy Weiber questioned while pulling up his
ill-fitting gun belt. “You ever heard of a cave around here, Nick?”

“No… don’t think I have,” Deputy Mullen replied. “Well, show us the way
then, sir?”

“Kenny. It’s not very far, just through these woods.” I turned and
started walking back toward the entrance with the dog again; the two
officers followed. When we reached the clearing both were surprised to
see there was a cave like this in central Florida; I wasn’t the only one
who was fascinated. 

Deputy Mullen was the officer in charge, because he broke down what we
were going to do. Deputy Weiber was going to take my statement out here
while Deputy Mullen went into the hollow to find the body. I told them
both that going into the cave alone was probably dangerous, and I tried
to explain my situation the best I could, but all it sounded like to
them was that I hadn’t reported a body for at least a full day. I
dropped the topic to save my own skin. There was no use trying to
convince them of anything, the situation still sounded crazy to me too.
They were just going to have to experience it themselves.

Deputy Mullen stepped into the mouth of it with a blasé attitude that
exuded ill-placed confidence. I felt bad for the guy, but he didn’t want
to listen and once he disappeared into the darkness there was hardly a
thing I could do. I wasn’t going back in. 

I gave Deputy Weiber my complete story from the very first encounter. It
wasn’t until I explained the impossibilities of my child Pennie being
born, the clothes I’m wearing not matching, and the rest that he decided
to check his watch and saw that over thirty minutes had expired without
a word from his partner. A pale sickness had stolen the color from his
face. The officer turned to the entrance and stood just outside. 

“Nick!” Deputy Weiber leaned against the rock tunnel with his left hand,
screaming into the abyss. “Nick! Can you hear me?” The officer turned
back toward me and looked into my eyes hoping for an answer, but I could
only shrug. He shifted his eyes to the ground below him, shuffling into
the cave a half step at a time and bending slightly at his knees to
avoid bumping his head. 

“Hey, deputy!”

“What?” Weiber screeched, turning to me.

“I don’t think you should just run in there. I tried telling you guys
earlier.”

“I have to make sure he’s okay, I don’t know if I can trust you. Maybe
this was all some sadistic trap!”

“Okay, okay. Well how about you put me in the car then, or cuff me. Just
please don’t rush in there.”

“Well then what do you suggest, huh?” His eyes stared through me.

“Do you have some sort of catchpole or rope or – something in the
truck?”

Weiber snapped his head toward the truck down the way; he started
running toward it. I saw him pull out a long catchpole, used to safely
grab animals or rambunctious people. He sprinted back to the opening and
handed me his radio.

“If I don’t come out in three minutes then press that red button and
tell the other officers what’s happening.” Weiber soon ducked into the
entrance. He kept calling out for his partner without any response; soon
the deputy wasn’t visible from outside the cave, but I could still hear
his yelling echo back out of the chamber. “Nick! C’mon man, did you find
the body so we can go?” A moment of silence, “What’re you doing?” The
click of a flashlight rang, “Are you?” A rustling came from inside the
cave, followed by quick, heavy steps. Deputy Weiber burst out from the
chasm, hurling the metal catchpole out of the way and dragging his much
bigger friend by the collar of his ballistic vest. 

“Shit! What happened?”

“I’m not sure, he’s unresponsive.” Deputy Weiber extended his hand to
me. I returned his radio and he pressed the red button, then called in
EMS services, “Just keep pressing his chest.”

“Okay.” I pumped on the officer’s chest, trying to remember that Bee
Gees song off the top of my head. 

“I’ll get someone to take you home too.”

“Thanks.”

“No problem, just keep pumping until I can take over.” Deputy Weiber
called in everyone he could.

Eventually, he took over the CPR and when the ambulance came, they
loaded Deputy Mullen into the back. I looked through the bars and glass
of a squad cruiser. Deputy Weiber’s eyes lit up for a moment before the
paramedic on site shook his head and drove off. I was driven home by
another officer. I kept quiet during the ride home.

“What happened back there?” the officer asked, glancing at me with
curious eyes through the rearview mirror.

“I don’t know man; I just need to sleep,” I replied, drowsiness in my
voice. I think he got the hint because he switched to just asking about
the directions to my house. Once we arrived, I thanked him like an
obliged child, then I slinked into my house, flipping on the lights.
Maggie was just as tired as I. We both sank into our beds and crashed
asleep before our evening rituals. 

***

The day after Jasmine and I reconciled, we decided to make it official
to our immediate families. Both sets of parents were happy, even her
dad. Jasmine was convinced he’d be upset. There were already trips to
baby and maternal clothing stores being planned between the gaggle of
Jasmine, her sister, mother, and my mom. When we arrived home after the
little gathering, we both rested in our clothes, watching the ceiling
fan spin.

“Do you think we are doing the right thing?” The question rolled out of
Jasmine like a sigh.

“What do you mean?” I sat up to look at her, then noticed her eyes
becoming engorged.

“I don’t know. I just don’t know if I can do this – if we can do this.”

“Sure we can, we’re capable.” My tune changed drastically from just a
day ago, but I was sincere.

“I think you might’ve been right, maybe we should get an abortion.”
Jasmine covered her face with her palms.

“What? No, I thought this was basically a miracle. Something you
wanted.”

“I really don’t know anymore, if I do have kids, I just – I don’t think
I can have them with you.”

“Oh – but – I – I get it.” Now the faucet to my face was switched on;
dribbles began to run down my cheeks, and I wiped them quickly.

“I’m sorry, but I think it’s true.”

We finished our discussion and it was decided that we’d go see the
doctor tomorrow to have the fetus terminated. When we awoke there was a
somber feeling in the air; neither of us were staunch conservatives, but
the reality of the situation still felt dirty. I showered and got
dressed; Jazz remained in her pajamas. We loaded into her car and made
the hour drive to the office Jasmine told me to go to. The sky was a
dark overcast, but no rain, it was a quiet drive; the only words uttered
by me halfway through Have you ever seen the rain? by Creedence
Clearwater Revival, “Sad song, huh?”

The black SUV crossover rolled to a gentle stop in the parking lot. I
turned down the music and pulled the emergency brake. Jasmine remained
silent, looking through the windshield and to the office’s front door.
Her eyes glazed over in thought, unblinking; I gave her a minute to
collect herself.

“Would you like me to come in with you?” I attempted to grab her hand,
but her fingers were unresponsive, relaxed within my grip. I let go, “I
can stay here if you want me to, I just want to do whatever’s best for
you.”

“Let’s go home.” Her voice was small and shrill, I couldn’t tell if it
was filled with hope or grief.

“Okay, if you want to go back home then that’s fine too.” I released the
emergency brake and put the car back in drive, “Does this mean you want
to have the baby?”

“I think so, let’s just not talk about it for now.”

“Okay.” I pulled the car out of the parking lot and began the trip back
home. It was odd because I felt a relief, even though it was just a
couple days ago that I almost threw everything away to have her enter
that office. 

It was another month and a half when I could first make out the image of
a little being in the sonogram. It was shaped like a little curve, a bow
being pulled to its fullest extent, the nurse called it “the gummy
bear”. We had been in the full swing of things, buying baby clothes or
other things Jasmine found cute. She added item after item to an
apparently endless registry for others to purchase for us. It seemed
like raising a child was many things, but one thing for sure, expensive.

My mom’s house was sitting empty for the past couple weeks after she
moved in with her boyfriend, so we were able to comfortably move in and
have a house all to ourselves. We settled in and started planning a baby
room. I wanted a girl and she wanted a boy; since we wouldn’t know for
another couple months, until the ultrasound, we decided to wait on
painting and get neutral items like the crib and mobile. It was when I
was assembling the crib that Jasmine received a text from Kayla.

Jason and I just learned the news about you and Ken, congratulations
Mama!

The wooden legs of the crib screwed into the frame with a creaking
squeal; I turned upon hearing the sound of Jasmine’s little feet
slapping against the tile of the hallway that led into the baby room,
“Ken!”

“Yeah? Hey, the crib looks good, right?” I knew by the scowl across her
face that the crib probably wasn’t the concern.

“Did you tell Jason and Kayla about me being pregnant?” Jasmine folded
her arms.

“Well, yeah. I figured it’s pretty official now, so…”

“What’d I tell you, Kenny?”

“Well you said that you wanted to reveal it publicly when you felt it
was time.” I sank my head while keeping my eyes locked into hers.

“Yes! So why did you tell them?” She stood with her foot tapping.

“I don’t know, I was happy. I wanted to tell someone.”

“Just stop. Don’t tell anyone else until I tell you it’s okay.” She
turned and left me with only an allen key and disappointment in myself.
Truth be told, I blabbed about it to a lot of people. At work, friends,
random people; I don’t know why either, I knew I shouldn’t, but I just
did. I’m not sure whether it was because I was genuinely happy and just
needed to say it, or if I was nervous and thought my outward excitement
would act as some sort of penance for asking for the abortion and
starting this whole mess in the first place. Dinner was silent. I could
tell that what little trust I had regained over the past two months had
vanished once again, especially over the next week as more and more
congratulation texts and phone calls poured in. 

I didn’t realize back then why keeping silent would be so important. I
also didn’t realize how common miscarriages can be within the first
trimester, even when you only have a couple days until you’ve reached
the second. There’s no telling whether the stress I added was the root
of why the baby never came to be born, but I know my actions didn’t
help. I contributed so much undue pain to Jasmine with the emotional
flip flop, and just my general actions. There were a couple sad weeks,
and even sadder phone calls spreading the news. News which only needed
to be spread because of my loud mouth in the first place. 

We eventually tried to pick up the pieces of our relationship, but I had
ruined it irrevocably. Jasmine asked if she could get a dog, and I said
that was fine. It was the least I owed her and it probably filled a
hole, even if only partially. She came back with Bart and Maggie, not
just one dog. Things seemed happy for a time; I guess two puppies have
the power to do that, but it was only a temporary fix. 

The core of our relationship had been excavated and no trust remained.
Jasmine became frigid and retreated to the solace of reality TV and her
cell phone. I stayed in the dark cave that was once the baby room,
Maggie by my feet and a bottle to my lips. I regressed into a recluse,
only talking to my friends through online videogames. Jasmine eventually
stopped asking me to bed and I didn’t care; all I’d get was a back
turned to me, and a shiver from my touch. I would stay awake until three
or four in the morning nearly every night, drinking alone and screaming
at the TV because some twelve year old killed me in an online game.

Jasmine and I were essentially roommates and nothing more, but it took
months for her to work up the courage to leave me. It was decided that
I’d keep Maggie and she Bart. We kept in contact for a while, mostly for
the convenience of the dogs using the same vet or Chewy subscription. I
fell deeper into my hole of drinking, getting fatter and more alone with
each passing day; showing up to work without a care if I were fired or
not. My writing ceased for months. It took almost a year for me to
become comfortable with myself again; I began the walks with Maggie, and
tried to finish the story I was writing before we learned of the
miscarriage.

***

Sleep was a welcome break from the tiresome illusion that plagued my
life for a day and a half. I awoke and continued my morning as normal:
coffee, exercise, and the like. At this point, my experience from the
past day felt nothing more than a distant dream, except for one part. My
daughter’s face. I couldn’t have the image escape my mind. I had never
seen her face before and while it was just the construction of whatever
the hell I experienced, it felt real. 

I kept chugging through my existence, always half-expecting a phone call
to come in and tell me I had a warrant to serve. I was able to take
Maggie on walks; albeit, to a different park a little further away.
Finally, I was able to get some writing done and map out the ending to
my story. 

It was nearly ten o’clock at night, the following Tuesday, when the
suited men knocked at my door. There were four of them; two in black
suits with Glocks half-concealed in their belt line, a scientist dressed
in hiking boots, a dry-fit polo, and khakis with a wrinkled, fresh lab
coat draped atop. Lastly, was a priest dressed in the usual Catholic
garb, but he was wearing a Yankees hat, which I found misplaced. 

They kept me up for eleven more hours, asking me details about the
events that transpired over the past four days. I told them all I knew,
but they didn’t reciprocate with any answers. They were told about how I
first stumbled into the cavern. They asked who else knew about the cave,
and I even gave them my complete background and how it relates to what I
saw in there. It took hours until they seemed satisfied. I got the hint
that they’ve been chasing this cave around for a while.

The scientist off-handedly mentioned that our town, “Had more to do than
the last two spots.” 

When they left I saw that he was reprimanded for speaking around me. The
four of them exited once we finished; the scientist looked at me with
worried eyes, but the priest patted me on the shoulder. He turned to me
before exiting and asked, “Two eleven?”

“Sorry what?” I asked, one hand on the doorknob.

“You said that you think the cave had a sign that referenced second
Thessalonians, 2:11.”

“Yeah it was an abbreviation for it, at least that’s what it looked
like, I don’t know.”

“A grand delusion, and the lawless one. My question is whether this cave
is oppressive in nature, or some sort of savior.” The priest rubbed his
chin.

“What’s that supposed to mean? It tormented and almost killed me!” I
began to shut the door, and the priest caught the door.

“Look son, it’s my ecclesiastical opinion that God gives trials to us
for our betterment. You may not see it now, but maybe this was a test.
And if it was, maybe you passed. Just read your Bible, it  always has
answers for you, my boy.”

“Thanks.” I closed the door and let out a deep breath that I’d been
holding during the father’s speech. The stairs creaked underneath me. I
went into my bedroom closet and fetched my watch box, pulling out the
little drawer. The little piece of paper felt fragile in my hands. I
went to the backyard with it and my backpack. My eyes held onto one last
look at the sonogram of the little gummy bear, I poured out the last of
the liquor that was in my pack and pulled out a lighter. The piece of
paper floated off into the sky as little pieces of ember, burning bright
before quickly being extinguished and taken by the winds.
