It was a warm summer night in 2022. A night I will never forget. I had
fallen asleep on the couch in the living room after having watched a
movie. “I need to go to the toilet” was my initial thought after waking
up, followed by noticing how quiet it was, both in my apartment and
outside. I live right by the main road so you’d usually always hear cars
and trucks driving by.

With my eyes still half closed I searched on the couch for my phone,
curious as to what time it was. I feel around to either side of me in
the dark, trying to remember where I last put my phone a few hours
prior. “3:30 AM” the display now reveals after holding my phone in my
hands. “I feel terrible” I think to myself as I lay my phone to the side
and let out a sigh, gently massaging my aching neck. The couch was old
and overdue to be replaced. It’s safe to say it wasn’t suitable to sleep
on. The past couple of days, perhaps even weeks, took a toll on me, so I
was constantly tired, falling asleep all too easily throughout the day.

After a brief moment of collecting myself I picked up my weary body,
moved the blanket off of me and was about to get up. With my eyes now
fully open and adjusted to the darkness I had a chance to look around
the room. To the right of me the big window adjacent to the balcony
door. To the left the big, open living space, which was essentially a
living room, dining room and kitchen all in once. A faint bit of
moonlight shone through the tall window on the far side of the room,
directly opposite of the balcony. As my eyes wandered from dark
silhouette to dark silhouette they suddenly stopped when they reached
said window. At first it looked just like any other dark, blurry object
around the apartment, but I immediately felt something was off, it felt
different. “Was that always there?” I questioned myself. A tall,
man-like shape vaguely contrasted against the over two meter tall window
is what my eyes were showing me. “Is that a jacket, somebodies clothing
hung up there?” My mind was scrambling for any sort of rational
solution. I couldn’t look away from it, my line of sight being pulled
towards it like a black hole pulls in light, refusing to let go.

While staring at the shape, I slowly stand up off the couch, my body
moving almost autonomously. It seemed so clear, yet so puzzling at the
same time.

“A person, that’s a person standing there…” is what popped into my
brain, immediately refuted by “that can’t be, no one in my family is
nearly that tall. There’s no way it’s a burglar, right?”

I walked forward, ever so slowly, trying my hardest not to make any
sudden motions or sounds. The figure stood still, not moving an inch.
Now being closer to it I noticed something strange: It had no
discernible features. No face, no hair, no clothing, no muscles. Just a
hazy silhouette of a man, yet at the same time everything in me was
convinced that I’m looking at a living being. A shiver down my spine,
goosebumps on my skin, my throat tightening up. What was I staring at?
My mind went blank. My body, as if rebelling against my brain, rebelling
against any rational thought that told it otherwise, kept moving.

Now stood mere meters away from it, I could feel its presence. I’m not
religious, nor am I superstitious, so I know how crazy it sounds, but it
felt tangible, it was really there. Curiosity took over, replacing the
fear in my body. I stared at it as hard as I could, but my mind could
not conceive a plausible answer as to what was standing right in front
of me. I knew what I had to do. I knew I had to shine light onto its
black, mysterious shape. The light switch was somewhere to my left.
Refusing to avert my eyes, I clumsily felt up and down the wall until I
could feel the plastic surface against my skin. As sweat greased my
fingertips and my heart violently pumped blood through my veins, I took
a deep breath, readying myself for the moment that would follow.

With conviction I flipped the switch, the light instantly illuminating
all that was dark just a moment ago. My eyes were blinded for just a
second. After blinking a few times I once again stared at that window.
Gone. The silhouette was gone. I was looking at nothing more than a
slightly dirty window with thin curtains in front of it. Before I could
be relieved however, doubt crept into my mind: “What if I turn the light
back off? Will it stay gone? Will it appear again?” I was even more
terrified than before but I had to know. I had to make sure whatever
existence I was so sure of moments ago, was actually not real, nothing
more than a trick my mind had played on me. So after a brief moment of
clarity brought forth by the light, the room was filled with darkness
once again as I turned off the light. And once again, it was gone. It
didn’t come back. The thing, whatever it was, was gone for good.

With relief now slowly taking the place of fear I could calm down.
Despite still not having an answer as to what the hell stood before me a
minute prior, I felt safe enough to go to the bathroom and not look over
my shoulder constantly.

While washing my hands, looking into the mirror straight ahead of me, I
found myself perplexed. I looked into my own eyes. A small, black
circle, surrounded by hazel brown staring back at me. “Am I going
insane? Am I hallucinating?” is what I asked myself. I had no answer. I
didn’t feel any different from my usual self, so I decided to forget
about everything and move on from this.

After leaving the bathroom I took a quick glance behind me, making sure
nothing was there. Having hesitated for a moment I decided to just stay
up and not go back to bed. I thought “I probably can’t sleep anyways
after that.” and turned off the light before walking to my room, firmly
closing the door behind me.

A few days passed with nothing unusual occurring. I had convinced myself
that I must’ve been daydreaming or worst case scenario, hallucinating,
which is why I kept what happened to myself, as people would surely
start to question my sanity if they were told a two meter tall shadow
figure appeared in my apartment one night, and to be honest, I wouldn’t
have blamed them.

One evening, about a week later, I went home pretty late. I was
exhausted and tired from working an overtime shift. The roads that were
usually so busy and congested with traffic were already empty. I pulled
into the underground parking garage of my apartment complex and with the
press of a button the garage door slowly opened. As I listened to the
shrill squeaking of the door, I stared into the darkness that was the
garage, which grew brighter as the headlights of my car moved further
down. Multiple tenants had already complained to the landlord about the
failing halogen lights, yet nothing had been done to change them. I
parked my car, turned off the engine and pulled the handbrake.

I opened the door and stepped out of my car into the dimly lit parking
space. While I turned around to make sure I had everything on me, my
keys, wallet and phone, I caught a glimpse of something in the far
corner of the garage. One of the lights was flickering, slowly. Every
time it was on for about one second, then dark for much longer than
that. It was almost hypnotizing. The light would turn on and off in a
strange rhythm. I could feel it drawing me in, as if it was signaling to
me to pay it attention. Whilst staring at it I noticed something. The
same sensation as before, that same exact feeling. That dark figure
menacingly standing there. The faint light just about separated its
shape from that of the dirty wall it was in front of. Two meters tall,
just as before. Dark and hazy just as before. Featureless… just as
before. I felt it pulling me in, speaking to my subconscious. My brain
did not want to abide by its call but my body gave in. One foot in front
of the other I moved closer to it. The cars and pillars around me
becoming blurry, as did my mind. My eyesight focusing on what now seemed
like a gravitational pull. I couldn’t look away from it. My heart rate
increased and I could feel my chest pounding, nevertheless I kept on
walking.

My footsteps echoed between the concrete all around me. That was the
only sound that could be heard down there, along with the hushed sound
of my shaky breathing. About three meters away from it the echoing
stopped as my legs came to a halt. I stopped blinking. My eyes became
dry as I refused to lose sight of it for even a millisecond. Out of its
dark shape an arm grew forth, or at least something that resembled an
arm. Shaky, as if it could fall off any second, it reached out to me.
From the dark clump at its end now emerged fingers, stretching out with
certainty. The shoulder followed, then its chest and now its entire
torso inched closer towards me. I had no idea if it had legs and feet,
since my head and eyes were fixed in place, staring at where a dark,
hollow shape took the place of its face.

What were its intentions? Did it even have any or did it perhaps act
purely on instinct? There was no way for me to know, so I assumed the
worst. My lips were shaking and my knees felt weak. As I stood there,
frozen in place, unable to break free from its lure, tears slowly
started to stream down my face, since I was sure they would be my last
and I would perish. I felt it, death opening its arms, ready to embrace
me. Suddenly, just before its claws could latch onto me, a car door in
the parking garage was fiercely slammed shut. The thunderous sound
resonated through my body and snapped me out of the trance I was in.
Without hesitating even a split-second, I turned away from it, towards
the nearest exit and ran. Not once did I look over my shoulder, not even
a glimpse. Did it follow me? I couldn’t tell, nor did I want to find
out, so I ran as fast and as far as I could. I knew I wouldn’t have been
safe in my apartment, so I made my way to the train station, catching
the next train into the city to stay at my friend’s place.

After settling down and collecting my thoughts I told him what happened.
He of course didn’t believe my story, but I didn’t care. I am safe, at
least for now. Neither do I know what the hell was haunting me, nor do I
know if I’ll see it again, but I’ve escaped death, I am certain of that.
