so for some background and to paint the picture in your head: 20yo
stonie who regularly smokes weed and rarely has any issues besides the
occasional quick faint. Mind you, I normally smoke papers or hit a dab,
my days of white peach games are well behind me.

I went to my high school friends house while I was in town for the week
and we did our usual activity of rolling up and chatting in the back,
some pasta cooking inside, all is well. We smoked a grape Game however,
just feel like this is important to add. We go back inside and finish up
the noodles and I start to feel a little dizzy and choose to sit down
because I can usually tell when i’m going to pass out. after I sat and
watched her make all the pasta I feel like i’ve gathered myself enough
to make my own bowl and come back to my seat. With success, it was in
fact bussin.

However I still feel odd and almost like I have to throw up so I try to
nonchalantly go to the bathroom even tho I can kinda feel myself sway.
Theres nothing happening in there so I go back to my pasta.

I finish my bowl slow as ever with my head hanging at this point I know
I look like there’s something wrong at this point but they just cleaned
the kitchen top to bottom no dishes at all and I wasn’t about to leave
my dang spaghetti bowl to dry and crust up. So I think I can gather the
strength to wash my dish but I have to hold the counter to get to the
sink and i do an alright job at washing but I literally can’t stand up
straight and my vision is starting to go in and out.

I turn off the water and try to put my bowl on the counter to dry
however this bowl is now 50lbs and I can’t lift it so I just blindly
bang it in the sink twice and choose to leave it there cause now I can’t
see nor lift and hardly walk but wasn’t going down yet it was like the
power was going out in my brain. I found myself on the other side of the
counter and kept hearing this banging and my ears were so hot and
ringing louder than i’ve ever felt/heard. Opened the eyes that I didn’t
know were closed and the banging was actually my head on the counter🙂
and I looked over to see one scared ass friend who asked if I wanted to
lay down. Absolutely I did. I don’t know how I made it to the bed but I
just flopped on it and was not able to move I could barely hear the
ringing was so loud.

Then after just chilling for a couple minutes I was fine. like nothing
happened. And I just wanna know what coulda cause that like was it the
wrap? I wasn’t dehydrated and no it wasn’t the weed because she was fine
it was from the dispo. Could it have been something neuro related?
scared me. any thoughts would be appreciated:) i’ve passed out after
smoking before and it was a tobacco wrap too (too long ago to say which
brand) but it really don’t be happening when i’m home literally has only
happened when I smoke w said friend.

i titled it that because the robot w shit batteries is what i looked
like when i banged my head on the counter btw
