Hey guys, I’ve never posted on here before but I’ve been revisiting…
incidents from my childhood and wanted some feedback. Or, hopefully,
similar experiences because I feel like I’ve opened a door I can no
longer close and I’m spiraling. 

For context, I’m in my thirties, I have a family of my own (wife, two
kids) and my career is solid. I’ve always thought of myself as lucky. I
came from an upper-middle class family and never really wanted for
anything as a kid. We had money, maybe not an overabundance, but still
comfortable in a cozy, if generic, suburban home. I had to choose
between an Xbox or PS2, not both. 

I never had a problem making friends in school but was never able to
keep them around for very long. The problem, inevitably, was my parents.
Anytime a classmate would have a sleep-over or come over after school
for a few rounds of Halo, they would never come back. Back in school,
they would distance themselves from me, like sitting at a different
table in the lunchroom.

I never got an explanation but I see now it came down to my parents.
They would greet my potential friends like any suburban couple would;
offer them drink or food, make lame jokes, the usual. Suddenly, my
classmates couldn’t stay long. Their parents needed them home tonight
for whatever reason. After that, they would pretend we’d never even met.
I could see the fear in their eyes when they were talking to mom and
dad. I just figured they were nervous talking to strange adults. 

Mikey was the closest I came to having an actual best friend. It was
fifth grade and anytime he would come to my house to play video games or
watch a movie, he seemed unfazed by my parents. Then, during a PTA
meeting, his parents met mine. The next day when I tried to sit next to
him in art class, he told me his parents didn’t want him to have
anything to do with our family.

I was confused, of course, but I was used to it by then. It went that
way for the rest of my childhood. I had in-school friends but I never
got closer. I graduated high school, went off to college, graduated and
started my life. My job took me to the other side of the country and my
parents were upset about losing me to the west coast but completely
understood. 

I met my wife out here, married her, and started a family. Zoe was three
and Jackson only nine months old when the wife and I finally found time
to visit my parents back east. Kristine hadn’t even met them before
that. The wedding was originally supposed to be their introduction but
my parents both caught the flu and couldn’t make it. I remember she was
more than a little upset by that but pushed it aside for the stresses
wedding days can bring. 

We flew in on a Friday and they took us to their favorite restaurant
that night. I thought we had a good time. Later that night, in bed,
Kristine turned to me and asked “What’s wrong with your parents?” I had
no idea what she was talking about and told her so. 

“Like… do they have any conditions that I need to know about?” I put my
book down that I had been reading in bed and turned to her.

“What are you talking about?” Even I could hear the hurt in my own
voice. 

“I don’t know,” she said after a few moments of silence. 

When I finally got to sleep, I had a nightmare. One that used to be
recurring as a child but I hadn’t experienced it since I was eighteen.
In the depths of the night, when the blue shadows lengthen and drape
over the house, transforming a home into something alien and potentially
dangerous, I heard the song again. It rose from the basement like it
always had, like something necrotic and ancient raising itself from the
depths of an ocean. A song I could never understand.

In my dream, like always, I rose from bed and walked slowly through the
transformed house. The shadows were alive and gently caressed me as I
passed. They sang to me in unison with the hymn of the basement. As if
in a trance, I would open the basement door and descend slowly into the
darkness.

The floor of the cellar was the earth itself. It had never been finished
and my parents liked it that way. It gave them the freedom to bury
whatever secrets they needed to disappear. And against the far stone
wall, with their backs to me and arms held out wide and upward, were my
parents. 

They sang to the moon. The hymn was slow and rhythmic. Full of malice
and comfort like a painless death.  The moon that hung above us was not
our Moon, the one that emerged from the horizon every night. This one
was special. It hung above us in the void and vibrated with pleasure of
the godless hymn. 

I would always wake just as my parents turned to face me, just before I
could see what their faces held. Whether it was ecstasy or terror, I
don’t want to know. The answer is locked behind a door in my mind. I
don’t want to open it.

Kristine was polite for the rest of the trip but I could tell she kept
my parents at arms length. And she would never leave them alone with the
kids. I saw fear in her face when she looked into my eyes. She was
searching for something. Then she would relax and hug me. Whatever she
was afraid to see in my eyes never appeared. 

Our marriage is strained now. I can tell the fire of our love is fading
and she’s thinking about exit strategies. My parents always seemed so
normal to me. I couldn’t tell at the time what it was that drove
humanity away from them. I thought back to their jobs. I never saw
evidence of any sort of work, but I guess that’s somewhat normal. They
were always home, though. They told me they both got off work before I
arrived home from school. It was strange, in retrospect. 

But what’s driven me to post here, to search for anyone who can give me
answers or empathy at the very least, is the nightmare. The memory of it
resurfaced after our trip. It started like every other one I had up till
this point. 

Descending from the second floor to the basement was a ritual. I counted
my steps. Each breath I took. They were always the same. The shadows
watched me through hungry eyes. The wooden steps leading to the cellar
felt like they were vibrating beneath my feet. 

The basement was no longer a basement. It was a meadow of rolling
darkness, curling at the edges and pulling towards the center like the
legs of a dead spider. Standing at the heart were my parents. The
vibrating staccato of their song carried in the fractured air. Above,
the Moon hung, basking in its own pleasure.

My parents were no longer my parents. Joined at the waist, it looked as
if they were embracing under the watchful eye of the Moon. I didn’t want
to see anymore but my feet carried me forward and I could see in the
Moonlight how my Mothers skin undulated like ocean waves in a storm.
Soft tendrils of pink flesh popped from my Fathers chest and wormed
their way through the air, blind and desperate.  Their clothes were torn
as their flesh rebelled against the form they had taken for too long.
Their legs had fused together in a tangle of pointed bone and skin
pulled so tight it was almost transparent. Toes, still free from the
conjoining, moved in unison, vibrating with pleasure.

I’m not sure how long I watched. I don’t know how much the Moon wanted
me to see. I couldn’t move. The Moonlight was a physical frequency,
wrapping its dark fingers around my mind like a vice. 

In this nocturnal realm, there were graves. Two stones marking two neat
piles of dirt. Had I buried bodies down here? Vague snippets of
forgotten life; young fingers crusted with dirt and broken finger nails.
I knew who was buried there but my mind rebelled. 

The ritual under the Moon had commenced. The song is all there was. The
eyes. The eyes of my parents. The skin ripped apart and popped like wet
rubber bands. The bones snapped like chalk. There was nothing inside.
Nothing. A shambling puppet of meat. Except the eyes. The eyes were an
ocean of control and pain and they held no love for me. White glint in
an orb of malevolent darklight. Arms that weren’t arms reaching towards
me. Embracing. The Moon vibrated with pleasure. The Song lived on.

I woke up screaming at that point. We flew home after a few days with my
parents. The kids had a good time. Especially Zoe. I think she bonded
with my Mother. Kristin was distant. She found excuses to get out of the
house. She no longer looks me in the eyes. I went through her emails the
other day. She’s planning on leaving me. I’m scared to look in the
mirror. I’m scared to see my own eyes.

My parents are declining. It’s been a few months since our visit and the
dream. Their health is in freefall. The doctors have no answers other
than that my parents’ bodies are giving out on them, in unison. He told
me it was a good thing.

It was just a nightmare. The vibrating intensity in my mind is not the
soft Moonlight.

I worry for my children and how they’ll handle the coming divorce.
Jackson is too young to know but Zoe is at the age where trauma can
stain her life forever. Kristin is spending less time with them too.
Something has changed in the house. There is no Mother and Father
anymore.

I don’t know why I’m posting this here. Typing these words hasn’t
helped. Nobody can help me now. I’m scared to look in the mirror. I’m
scared to look my children in the eyes and what I might see there.
