“One never knows the ending. One has to die to know exactly what happens
after death, although Catholics have their hopes.”

- Sir Alfred Hitchcock

———————————————————————————

Choosing between a life of faithfulness, avoidance of hatred, and
embarking on the path of good for the fellow man around you rather than
living one focused on bitter hate, filling oneself with debauchery, or
sin is supposed to mean something when you meet with the black swells of
death. That’s what they taught me at least.

Humanity spends their short lives sitting amongst each other in pews
while praising a power higher than they could ever imagine. Thinking to
themselves that because of their inherent good of tithing and prayer,
they are allowed access to be judgmental of the ones who choose to
either sit amongst them or amongst others. Believing that they will
achieve greatness in the world beyond ours whilst living within barely
earns mediocrity as they use their nobility granted to them from their
savior to divide people they deem less than themselves.

I do not speak of these misdeeds from a place of neutrality as I,
myself, stood amongst those pews. Using the godliness of myself to be
spiteful to those different than I. My parents raised me to believe that
we were better because we gave to the Father who created us and we were
sent on a mission to save all others. I spent my entire life this way so
whenever I closed my eyes for the final time, I expected nothing less
than absolute paradise to emerge ahead of me.

It was dark, limestone walls towered around with wooden staves attached
to them lighting the way forward. The smell of burning animal fat and
oil mixed with a familiar stench of untouched must seeping from the
stone. I lay in on the floor atop a heap of petrified wrappings leaving
a thin layer of black, sticky resin amongst my skin. Along the walls
were hieroglyphs etched deep into the rock with the remnants of faded
paintings that had once beautifully adorned them.

The wrappings crunched beneath me as I rose from the embrace that had
welcomed me to this realm. In the dim light, my eyes attempted to follow
the message described along the walls, but the meaning fell blankly to
the folds of my spotty mind. Memories were coming back to me slowly,
like a balloon with a dragging leak. I knew my past clearly, but the
events leading to how I made it to where I am now were still filled with
static.

With no help coming from the walls, I gave up on understanding any of it
and began to make my way down the dim tunnel. I went from a main chamber
down into a descending hallway adorned with more indecipherable images
on the walls. Heat emitted from beyond the stone walls and pushed
against my skin as I walked further downward. My eyes clenched as I
prayed not to see the iron gates of Hell standing before me. Confusion
struck as a figure appeared standing atop a small boat near the opening
of the passage. The tunnel spilled out to a shore of fine sand leading
to a dock of hardened, ancient wood.

“Hello?” My voice was dry as it echoed off the limestone around me.

The figure was adorned entirely in pure white cloth and shimmering gold.
It turned slowly towards me, and I realized that atop its shoulders was
the head of a ram adorning the body of a man. With a pale hand it
silently beckoned toward me in an invitation to stand alongside him on
the boat’s deck.

I was petrified with fear as the eyes of the ram stared straight through
me, but I relented and made my way toward him. The boat itself was a
small, wooden barge with a low, flat deck and a curved back. Atop the
deck was a small walled facade that was, presumably, the figure’s living
quarters. The figure himself stood tall on the deck, holding a steering
oar over the edge of the boat. There was nothing but empty air under the
hull of the ship; I began to wonder how it was even staying afloat, let
alone how it would move.

Underneath my feet echoed the creaking noises of the ship’s wooden deck.
Reeds adorned the sides of it and the planking of the quarters built
upon it. The man aboard towered above me and wordlessly pushed us away
from the wooden port attached to the entrance of his realm.

As we drifted along, I looked beneath us and saw a bountiful field of
wheat and reeds. People laid in it, sleeping pleasantly as others swam
in the rivers of fresh water. Calm washed over me the more I watched
them meander around, magnificent light throughout the fields and upon
those that resided despite the fact that above us was a cave ceiling.
Some looked up towards us and gave a pleasant wave; I attempted to wave
back but was distracted by immense heat coming from elsewhere around me.

I looked back towards where I began and saw an ocean of liquid fire and
smoke erupting from the sands beneath it. The tunnel where I woke sat on
a sand mound floating above the lake. Rivers of flame broke away from
the sides in spindly patterns arching around the far the edges of the
pleasant fields, unbeknownst to the ones who lived amongst them. Baboons
guarded the shores and forced desperate souls that dared to attempt to
escape back into its hellish depths. Disturbing screams of torment
echoed around us and it began to remind me of the verse from
Revelations:

“But the cowardly, the unbelieving, the vile, the murderers, the
sexually immoral, those who practice magic arts, the idolaters and all
liars—they will be consigned to the fiery lake of burning sulfur. This
is the second death.”

My body convulsed with fear, as the realization of my finality became
known to me. I was dead, it was a painful memory but I had died in a car
accident. Unexpectedly, as I lay there dying, I sent out one final
prayer to assure my way into heaven; but this was not the paradise that
was promised for living a life of virtue. I turned to my ferryman and
asked with a sob in my throat, “Is this Hell? What sins had I committed
to deserve this?”

The figure remained silent. Staring forward as he pushed us along the
draft of air leading us deeper into this god-forsaken realm. There was a
decaying temple emerging ahead of us; years of neglect and age caused
destruction beyond measure to fall upon it.

Statues representing pharaohs of old, crafted meticulously from marble
that once stood stories tall but were now crumbling to dust. The temple
itself was clearly once a grand pyramid, but one side had caved in to
reveal once-glimmering treasures and bodies wrapped in linen suffering
from varying stages of decay. Standing near the front entrance of the
once-grand temple sat an identical wooden dock to the one we pushed away
from earlier.

Our boat met softly against the dock, and my ferryman lifted his massive
oar, then gestured outward with his hand. Telling me the next step along
my path. I stepped down onto the groaning planks of the dock and turned
to the man who had accompanied me; his hand remained outstretched. I
reached into my pocket and pulled out a handful of silver and copper
coins, which I then placed in his hand and bowed respectfully to him,
“Thank you.”

Before I could raise my head back up, the ferryman had already pushed
off to sink deeper into the dark realm below us. I wished to have
learned his name but found a sense of comfort in his quiet companionship
as I now stood alone between the imposing facade ahead of me. With a
shuddering breath, I stepped forward and into what lay ahead of me.
Inside the temple was similar to the chamber I awoke in. Similar
limestone walls, but the carvings inside were painted in magnificently
bright colors. They looked wet still, as if no time had passed since the
painter took the final strokes with his brush. The staves along the
walls were glowing with an absurdly high luminosity.

I was in a small chamber with a wooden door directly ahead of me under
the hieroglyphs. It contrasted against the decorated walls with a dull
age of splintering wood hardened throughout time. Standing guard at the
door was a hairless black dog. It barked in my direction and shifted its
gaze towards a scale that sat next to it. On one side of it sat a lump
of pulsing red meat shaped like a heart. I slipped a hand under my shirt
and felt the cavity of where my heart once sat. Fear sat heavy in my gut
as I looked to the other side and saw a single feather sitting upon it,
lifting higher under the weight of my own organ’s might.

Once again, the dog barked, and my eyes shifted to the carvings above
the door; there I could make out a single familiar word, “COWARDICE.”

Memories flashed through my mind, and the door slowly fell open inward.
It sat ajar with the sounds of quiet sobbing coming from the other side.
The thought of what was on the other side terrified me to my core, and I
had to resist the urge to turn back and plunge myself down into one of
the roaring streams of fire beneath me. I shut my eyes tight in one last
effort to pray, then, reluctantly, stepped through the door.

Once on the other side, I found myself standing on the back porch of a
friend’s home. Under my right arm was a bundle of sermon notes along
with my note filled Bible, while I had my left raised to knock. My
friend Matthew and his wife, Joan, had missed the Wednesday service due
to what they claimed was sickness, and I offered to bring my notes to
them for a small Bible study.

The door was opened slightly ajar, and I could hear Joan soft cries
coming from the inside. My body froze in static cowardice as I looked
through the opened window, and there was Matthew standing above her
whilst she laid helpless on the ground. In one hand was a half an empty
bottle while he was hitting her with the other.

The memories of this moment while I was living played in my head. I
witnessed this and left. I went home and I prayed for hours for God to
make these things right between them. At the next Sunday service, I
couldn’t look at Matthew and Joan refused to look at me; purple bruising
showing under her makeup. At the time I didn’t know it but she saw me
reluctantly leave through the same window I saw her through now. She was
staring at me like some new savior; but in life, I was far too stricken
with the burden of cowardice to be of any sort.

After this day, I’m not sure what happened to Joan in life since they
had moved soon after but in this moment of reliving it; I felt the notes
and book fall away from under my arm. With a swift movement I shoved the
door open harshly with the brute force of anger paired against my
shoulder then stormed quickly inside the house.

My hands moved on their own in rage as I grabbed hold of Matthew’s
figure and when he turned, I was met face to face with a screaming
baboon. Fear lived without space in my heart as I felt the familiar heat
come off of its rotting breath. I raised my fist and began slamming in
hard into the face of the creature. Its jagged teeth scraped against my
knuckles as we fell to the ground together. Joan faded from the scene
but I remained, slamming my fist into the creature’s face repeatedly.
Its horrific screaming shuddered under gurgling coughs but I continued,
more or less beating the sin of cowardice from my very being.

That’s when a wave of heat erupted out from the baboon-human hybrid
beneath me and I found myself in another limestone chamber. The dog was
there standing guard of another door and watching as the weight of the
feather began to equal out slightly to my heart. Neither of us spoke,
the dog was now standing only on its hind legs but was adorned in
similar gold jewelry to that of the ferryman. He gestured his glistening
nose to the door of stone behind him. Above it formed the word
“UNBELIEVING”.

My eyes looked down to my crimson-stained hands, all torn and shredded
from the teeth of the heinous creature. I had no prior idea of what
would be ahead of me, but once I witnessed the lightening of my heart, I
made my way unhesitatingly into the room ahead of me.

There was no memory on the other side. Only a platform of stone sitting
high above the one of the many rivers of flame. Another sat on the other
side of the gap with a loose-looking line providing the only noticeable
path across it. On either side sat rows of hollering baboons throwing
foul-smelling muck against each other. One stood at the door ahead of me
with splintered teeth and bleeding gums. I stepped forward and looked
down to the pit of flames; swimming in it was a crocodile the size of
immense mass snapping up at me, wanting to drag me to the depths of my
second death.

Throughout my entire life, I had done nothing but provide worship and
belief to a singular God of all-mighty power, but now I stand with a
single choice to make. I had never allowed belief in myself; I had to
put faith in that I would make it to the other side. So I stepped back
and ran into a leap toward the thin line. I caught myself in the slack
of the line. Under my weight, it buckled, and I slid down with an
acceptance of my end as the crocodile’s mouth came into view. The line
caught with only feet remaining between us; the crocodile fell back to
the side while the noise of the baboons fell completely silent.

My arms pulled me forward along the line; with every movement, there was
a quick shot of burning pain through the muscles in my limbs. In life, I
never had much of a sturdy build, but now it’s all I could rely on to
make it towards freedom. Heat radiated against my legs, cooking them
from the sheer power of the lake beneath me. My eyes looked toward the
injured baboon as his resilience seemed to mock me. I pulled harder
against the pain with the thin line digging deep into my palms while
blood leaked from them.

With the slack continuing to lower, mixing with the lubricating nature
of fresh blood, there was a high chance that I could have slipped at any
given moment. So, I began measuring up the distance between myself and
the platform. It was a long shot, but I started to swing back and forth
to gain any ounce of momentum, and then I flung myself forward. My
shoulder smacked hard against the limestone platform, and every baboon
erupted in a celebratory cry. The injured baboon that I once considered
an enemy stretched a hand of forgiveness out to me. After I took its
hand, he pushed me through the stone door.

Once again I stepped into an identical limestone chamber, the figure had
grown into a towering man with the head of a black dog as slick as oil.
He guarded the final door and held my heart in his hand. Unlike the
other being, he looked down at me and spoke, “This is your final test.”

That was all he said as he stepped to the side and revealed an open
doorway that had the words ‘IDOLATRY’ etched above it. He walked to me
and shoved the heavy lump deep into my chest. The wound ached harshly
for a moment, and he grabbed me by the shoulder and forced me into my
last trial. The final memories spewed into me.

I awoke in my bed, the last day I was alive. My memory began to serve me
correctly as my phone buzzed on the nightstand; it was my accomplice for
why I was out so late that night. We had been stealing funds from the
church, and now it was 2 a.m., our ideal time to empty the collection
boxes like we had been doing every Sunday for months. I had no control
of my body as it moved up from the bed, and I whispered a quick goodbye
to my wife. She remained in a deep slumber, and I left a note lying
about my whereabouts in case she woke.

The drive to the church was short as always, and I parked a slight way
away to head the rest of the way in the dark. My accomplice had done the
same, and we made our way inside. We were rushing and made the fatal
mistake of not noticing the alarm needing disarming.

That’s when we made our way into the parish to commit our transgression
against the very Lord we claimed to praise. Somehow, we ignored the
light emitting from the pastor’s office, and we cracked the box open.
The Father emerged alarmed, aiming the barrel of his hunting rifle dead
center at us. I could have confessed right there and saved myself such
trouble, but I grew to worship the sinful idol of money and greed
itself. Next to me, my accomplices grip tightened on the silver glint of
a knife.

With a swift movement, I pushed him toward the priest whilst moving to
collect the earnings of our sinful past time. There was the sharp echo
of the weapon going off as I ran towards the chamber doors. Once
outside, I continued running until my vehicle came into view; I threw
the earnings to the passenger side hazardously. They fluttered around me
as I pushed my vehicle into drive for a quick escape.

I had chosen to go without my headlights for a quick escape, but that
caused me to miss the figure aiming the rifle towards my tires. With a
thunderous pop, my car buckled, going 70 miles per hour, and it flipped
over on itself.

My eyes opened to reveal a bright landscape of burning sand. It cut past
me with a terrible fury. The feeling of hot glass cutting my skin into
thin shreds, ahead of me stood the ram and dog-headed figures with the
scale between them. A third figure stood with them, completely adorned
in white with skin as blue as the day’s sky. The dog-headed man raised
his hand, and my heart of stone ripped straight out from my chest. It
bobbed along the winds of the sandstorm, being sliced by each individual
grain.

Pain erupting from my wounds caused tears to fall from my eyes. “Please,
please, I repent.”

Begging for an eternity of bliss felt beyond shameful compared to what I
had done in my life compared to what I should’ve done. My heart landed
wet and flatly against the empty slot of the scale. It began to teeter
against the weight of it being the feather. The blue-skinned man spoke
to me, “The weight must remain equal.”

My body began to sink into the sand around me. The scale groaned to a
stop as the object’s weight teetered to an equilibrium between them.
Sand enclosed around me, blocking out the vision of the scale whilst
darkening the perceived world around me. There was immense silence as I
slipped deep into the warm embrace of the grains as I began to fall head
over heels against the void of blank reality. Finally, my tumbling ended
and I was met with tranquility and peace.

————————————————————————————

Repeated hues of flashing red and blue lights brushed against my
eyelids. I awoke hanging upside down in my vehicle with blood
splattering across the stolen money around me and the crucifix hanging
from my mirror. Due to a turn of ironic luck, the belt that strapped me
to my seat had miraculously saved my life.

Warm blood ran down my face, and multiple areas of pain emerged from
what I assumed were broken bones inside me. There were voices calling
out, but I couldn’t respond with any type of clear response. I coughed
out globs of blood that had drained into my throat while the shame of my
sin enshrouded me entirely. Out of habit, I closed my eyes to repent but
found that nothing spoke back to me. I had laid it all out to the
figures that answered my last prayers of forgiveness.

So I lay there waiting amongst the shame of my sin. While bathing in the
judgmental state emitting from the crucified figure that I once found so
holy as it hung attached to a beaded rosary, remaining tightly wrapped
around my rearview mirror.

After killing the leader of our flock, my accomplice decided to take me
out as a last attempt at righteousness repentance before turning the
weapon on himself. I confessed my actions to the police and now wait for
my trial. There is nothing that makes sense to me as to why I was
granted the gift of another attempt at life, but I am glad to know how
the weight of sin holds itself in my heart.

I now sit alone on bail in my empty home of regret. No company from the
living or the spiritual plane as I now know what lies beyond for all of
us.
