“Aaaaaggghh, Aaaaaggghh”, these cries were at dinner today. I thought
tonight would be different but it wasn’t. Marie slid a chair near a
baby. Charlie? Is that Charlie? Her sister’s son? We haven’t baby sat
for him since he was the size of my forearm.

Marie scanned her phone for some music, or maybe even a silly video.
Anything that might cease this child’s incessant crying. Charlie was an
inconsolable lad at times. So we tried as much as we could to not offer
our own time for babysitting. Call us selfish.

Charlie’s face is plush red and and his mouth agape. The dinner in front
of him lie stabbed into with a plastic spork upright in a scooby doo
dish filled to the brim with Mac n cheese. Marie is tired, I can tell.
She won’t even acknowledge me though. Even now. I have tried to amend
the things I said to her last night but her demeanor towards me tells me
everything I need to know. Which was no demeanor at all. She ignored me
entirely. I just stand there in the hallway, a pathetic attempt at
saying sorry given visage.

“Babe, I just — I’m sorry for last night. I think I’m just really tired
and thin on patience. Definitely no excuse for ridiculing your efforts,
but I think I’m just in need of sleep.”

She doesn’t even acknowledge me, trying to entertain the baby.

“Hey. I really am — “ I begin again. Her insistence on ignoring me made
clear, I cease trying to talk it out. She needs more time I guess.

This blows. My dumbass standing there trying to open dialogue with Marie
after making a fool of myself and then getting too drunk to even make it
to the bed. Charlie is a very expressive baby boy, but he always eats
his food, and his rolls of overlapping skin that make up his gut is
evidence of that.

Here, he only himms and haws, now readjusting uncomfortably in his high
chair as he turns his Casper-like head to me. For a moment he doesn’t
cry, almost as if he’s unsure of who I am or why I’m there. I made all
the noise I was going to make trying to apologize to Marie, but did he?
Did he get all his frustration out? His hollering had hushed completely
as his quarter-sized, piercing blue eye balls locked onto me.

“Hey, Charlie…. Hey, bud.” I say, curiously. I started to walk toward
him and after a few steps he lets out another thunderous cry, this time
worst than before, a subtle panic in his face.

“Fine. Whatever”. Marie can handle that fit. I’m already just taking up
space so I’ll leave.
Marie finally settled on a video of Blue’s Clues of all things and
places it in front of him.

“Isss okayyy. You want the cheese? You want the cheese?” She remarks,
tired and worn down. She lifts the utensil from the food and performs a
little jig to the rhythm of the Blues Clue’s theme song. She continues
to calm him down with cheese noodles, and eventually when I leave, it
works.
I walk to the back room and sit down on an empty bed. Where was my
stuff? I noted that much of my stuff had been neatly placed in the
corner of the room; my clothes folded and my belongings placed in bins
beside it.

It wasn’t that bad a fight. What the hell? I wondered.

Not just that, but things in general have felt different since
yesterday.

I woke up and Marie wasn’t in the bed. She’s always the later sleeper as
well as the resident blanket hog. Today, I awoke to no blankets at all,
or pillows come to think of it. I’m not sure how I slept so soundly, as
I’m the type of guy that needs a robust, firm pillow to rest my head at
night or my apnea tends to act up. She knows that as well, so I’m unsure
why she would be so passive-aggressive to the point of affecting my
health. Especially when less snoring means easier sleep for her.

I can admit that while we had arguments before, last night was
different. We are both stressed with tight work schedules, stacked bills
and the baby on the way. A lot of our night had been spent unwinding.
With me massage her plantar fasciitis and her telling me about her day.
I loved hearing about her day, because I myself am pretty boring and
have little to nothing going on other than her.
Our baby has yet to enter this world, but our night usually ends with
the two of us cuddled up in the bed, the television on low as we whisper
what types of adventures we would plan to go on as a family. She usually
fell asleep midway through her own vacation idea. I would soon follow,
holding her close with her hair let down, the alluring scent of rosemary
cucumber pulling us closer together.
It was in this moment that I felt most whole. It was in this moment that
sleep would capture me.

We didn’t do that last night. The verbal war we went through led to me
slamming the front door and leaving the apartment with an air of fury
left behind in the words that I spoke. I got in my car and headed
anywhere but there. I didn’t know where I was going but I figured
hitting Gus’ Bar a few miles out would give me and her time to cool
down.

Soon the alcohol drowned any vitriol I still harbored following our
fight. I didn’t get shit-faced drunk, but I drank to settle my nerves
and in doing so, I softened.

Finishing off my last beer, I glanced down at my phone and saw that
Marie had tried to call me twice in the last thirty minutes. She likely
felt the same way I do. We have far too much ahead for us to be at each
other’s throats the way we were last evening. I paid my tab and drove
home. There was a wagon of beautifully arranged orchids by the side of
the road. The sun hadn’t fully gone down and the man that presumably
owned it was just now packing up. So I thought I’d grab a few for my
rose, my Marie.

The vendor didn’t mind at all that he had to bag me up a bouquet after I
planted a couple 20s in his outstretched hand.

“She’ll love them I’m sure. “, he said to me as I headed back to my car.

I nodded at the friendly man and offered a gentle smile as I opened my
driver side door. I sped home, a renewed sense of realization of what
truly mattered washed over me. It seemed like every light was green as
my foot never had to leave the gas pedal the entire way back home.
This was all really silly.

I was going to hand her these flowers and then I was going to talk to
her belly. Then I was going to let her and my child know how much they
meant to me. And that they were the only things that meant soemthing to
me.

When I walked in the front door, things were more blurry than usual. I
was barely buzzed from the bar so I just chalked up the oddly hazy view
to not having a drink in a very long while.

But my legs also felt heavy. Every step I took was a concentrated effort
to get to where I was going. Clearly, I needed to lie down but walking
to my room was never this hard. I couldn’t even make it to the ajar door
of the bedroom before I fell forward, the flowers I held jolted from
their floral structure and scattered in front of me, a single white
orchid meeting my eyeline before everything else went dark.

I awoke in the bed again, but like last time, Marie was not there
either. No blankets. No pilows. No sheets. I turned to see my stuff
still organized in the corner of the room.

Standing up from the bed was harder today. It felt as though my feet
didn’t tread upon the carpet but instead they sunk into the floor. To
even lift a leg in order to move forward was a hassle. I pushed and
pushed. I struggled to get to the doorway and finally I was able to use
the very frame of it to support myself. Trying to enter the hall again
brought me to a crawl. I couldn’t even get back to my feet if I wanted
to. My apartment had changed. The furniture was different and not in the
place it was just yesterday. The walls had been painted with a new coat
of beige. I wasn’t delirious. I couldn’t have been. It still didn’t feel
like I belonged here. Like, this wasn’t my place.

“M-M-Marie..” I shout unsuredly.

My energy, whatever was left, seemed to dissipate exponentially with
every movement. I looked down at my arms as I continued to crawl down
the hallway and toward the kitchen and my arms were… they weren’t even
what arms were supposed to be. They were frail, discolored and elongated
in a manner that made me gasp in terror. I didn’t know what the hell I
was looking at but my hands seemed to sink into the floor as well. I
fought it.

Whatever this was… whatever was happening didn’t make any sense.

I climbed the carpet while on my knees and forearms. I couldn’t help but
twitch and jerk in order to prevent my hands from becoming one with the
floor or me falling through the damn thing entirely.

I reared back and leveled my head. I needed Marie to see me. I needed
help. I could hear her humming to herself just feet away.

Charlie is still sitting there, in view. This time a small bowl of
oatmeal sat across from him. This he liked. As I used everything I had
in me to close the gap between Marie and I, he shoveled in another
mouthful. I tried to speak out loud and couldn’t. My voice was not there
any longer. And even if I could have spoken to her, I don’t know what I
would have said in that moment.

“Is that momma’s sweet boy?”, Marie says cavalierly, as she comes into
view.

I ceased my pursuit.

No longer pregnant and no signs of showing. At all. Marie sits down with
the baby - the baby that wasn’t Charlie after all.

“Momma’s boy?” I mutter, considering to myself. She doesn’t acknowledge
me, still gearing all of her attention toward the child.

“What the hell—“, I relent.

I allow myself a reprieve from struggle and when I do, I’m risen to my
feet as if another party has me strung up on cables. I can see my
apartment more clearly now.

It is different. A baby pen with toddler toys adjacent to it make up
most of the dining room. The television is turned to YouTube while soft
rock plays on the background. I see a picture in the middle of the
living room wall. It’s a repurposed frame with an image of Marie and I,
a smaller photo of this baby in the corner. Above even that sits a
shelf.

This shelf had been handled with obvious care.
White orchids sit atop each side of it and an image of me is placed at
the center. It was a photo of me at the park grounds, grilling burgers
and hot dogs. That was a good day. That was a really good day. She took
that photo of me a year ago. I had bragged about my cooking skills the
entire day, and then I left them sit too long. Marie would poke fun at
me ever since then for how charred the hot dogs turned out to be.
The only other thing on that shelf was a jar. An ivory-glistened jar
that had been etched with my namesake.

I felt a mix of terrible sadness and unbridled anger. I turned back
toward my Marie. This could not be it. If that was my baby, I need them
to know I’m here. I’ll never leave them.

My ongoing jerking and convulsing only heightens but it came with no
mental effects. I could see and I could process thoughts. I limped
toward my child and my Marie.

The more I fought, the more unnatural my movements became, but I didn’t
care.
I needed my family.

I slumped down the hall with an awful groan accompanying my limited
movement. As Marie slid a spoonful of oatmeal into that boy’s mouth, he
tilted his head towards me once again and his eyes shot wide. The
oatmeal he was chewing fell from his mouth and onto his lap as he let
out a shrill cry of recognition. He shrieked and twisted in his chair as
if he was trying to manage an escape.

Marie tried to calm him but showed me no awareness whatsoever. She
couldn’t see me but he was terrified of me. This child was the only one
that could see me and he was terrified of me.

“..Marie….”, I repeated to myself as I stopped approaching.

Suddenly, I recalled.

“Had she changed that?”, a question of recollection briefly visited me.

Though so much has changed about this apartment, had Marie changed that?
Because if not, then there should be a mirror that hung on the wall just
a few mere inches from my face. My limbs still unruly and shaking
vigorously - now independent of my will - I slowly turned my head.

There it was. The mirror.

I turned to peer into it, my child’s cries persisting.
I saw who I am and who I am not. I saw what I had become. I saw what the
source of his crying was, and what truly haunted him in this place.

His ever-constant cries let me know all too well.
