After bouncing about jobs for a months and my landlords nagging I
decided to take a couple extra odd jobs, one of these was at a biohazard
remediation company.

My work was mostly on people who died alone, lots of people don’t know
how bad of an issue it is, but a majority of these maggot infested homes
are just regular people.

The job wasn’t so dissimilar to the typical lonely person dying and not
being noticed, this time it was a eighty year old grandmother, we got
notified by her neighbours after they went to check on her. They said
that they thought she was on holiday or at a retirement home, so they
never bothered, her family didn’t bother just leaving her to herself.

It was me and my coworkers Rob, me and him had been on a couple jobs
together, I could tell the job wasn’t really taken out of desperation by
him more just morbid curiosity. When we opened the door the smell hit us
instantly, through the door was a tunnel made of bin bags boxes and
blooms of fungus on rotten food. On her records it never said anything
about being a horder, rob got on his knees and giddily trailed through
the house to where the police told us her room was.

The tunnel got narrower and the cigarette density on the floor grew more
and more, the thought of how long she must’ve been left alone caused me
to mope about and think, what could the family be doing that’s more
important. Rob on the other hand had his head down like a bloodhound and
was worming his way through the tunnel at an athletic pace, at one point
he turned back to me and near licked his lips saying, “you wanna be done
today?” To that I didn’t even have words, we got paid by the hour.

About halfway through the house a chair had collapsed dropping down a
large amount of wet bin bags and boxes, it only left a tight gap where a
rat had died of poison and given birth to an ecosystem, Rob of course
paid no mind to the sickly churning of cockroaches and maggots as it
passed his face. Instead continuing his eagerness and pushing through
the mounds of filth.

When we reached the room the door handle was coated in a thick brown
sticky goop, Rob said ladies first, and patted me on the back as i was
able to get up to a half crouched stance. I pushed open the door feeling
the disgusting unstick of my gloves and finally getting a glimpse of the
scene.

The room was entirely coated in cigarettes, broken ashtrays and alcohol.
The woman was lying face down in the sea of vices, Rob immediately
brushed past me and got into taking the photos so he could begin the
deep clean. I got to take in more of the surroundings, pictures of her
grandkids, notice boards and her private diary.

I looked over the boards and they were filled with pension notices with
receipts for fast foods stapled over top of them. The diary was locked
unfortunately and finding that key would be impossible in this house.

Now I’ll tell you why I quit, it was the single cigarette lying outside
her window. Rob had hollered out at this point that he was going back
outside to get more equipment, as well as telling me that he was going
to leave the camera outside. I kept perusing the room when I found an
odd engraving, “Keep for you have nothing, lest you want for nothing
more than to spoil”.

That’s when my head started to churn and when I heard the door open
again I rushed out to tell Rob what I saw. But Rob wasn’t anywhere to be
found, the full day I searched I only found one piece of evidence he’d
left, the camera at the front door.

I still imagine Rob lying supine under a shower of cigarettes, I pray
for the person who has to crawl through the blood stream of rot next to
fish out the bodies. I just hope they find the engraving in their house
afterwards.
