Whenever work life becomes too monotonous I like spending time all by
myself. I sometimes sit down with a cup of earl grey, and treat myself
with a novel. What I however love the most is being creative. Although I
have written a bit before and do a couple sketches here and there, I’m
not particularly good at either. What I am however a bit more confident
in is playing the ukulele. Well particularly writing my own songs. I’ve
never been too fond of learning covers. To be honest it’s probably
because I’m a bit lazy, and get bored of practicing the same thing again
and again. But fuelling my everyday experiences onto a fun chord
progression, just feels right. It’s a chance to clear out feelings you
can’t get out other ways. I don’t like to play my songs aloud to anyone.
Of course they’re never gonna amount to much. I could never make a
career out of it, heck even play a single show. But there’s just
something nice about isolating yourself. Just you, some cozy tunes, and
a place where people rarely come around. Except, that’s not how I feel
anymore. well not after that afternoon anyway. 

It must have been around late September. Although it was hot enough to
keep the windows open. It was another of those days where I’dd had
enough, I just needed to get outside. To get a break from it all. I
flung my uke bag over the shoulder, and headed towards my favourite
spot. I live on the edge of town. It’s not a long walk from my home to
where there’s nothing but fields. Well with one exception. The park.
Although bearing more resemblance to a forest, that’s what the locals
call it anyway. What used to be a gravel digsite, a while back, had been
turned into a few square kilometers of woodland and tall grass. Overall
big enough that you’d only bump into the occasional jogger, or
dogwalker. That the place was quiet was just an added bonus, what really
settled it was the five minute walk from my house. 

As usual I found a somewhat uncomfortable spot in the tall grass. I sat
atop a hill looking at the opposing treeline. As I clumsily unpacked my
uke, I checked the path behind me. I saw no signs of people just how I
liked it. No movement and, besides a light breeze, no sounds. Either way
a couple of tall bushes sheltered me from the view of any passerbys. I
started jamming, and quickly got a unique chord progression going. A
thing I really love about the ukulele is how crappy it sounds. But I
think it does so on purpose. I find it oddly comfortable. It doesn’t
sound like any sounds stemming from nature, but sitting there in the
late hours of the day nothing sounded more natural to me. As I
eventually mastered the chord progression I was ready to go ahead with
the next step. I broke out in singing to an audience of no one. At least
probably no one. I raised my voice a bit, and began working on a vocal
melody. It took a couple of attempts, (and a couple of false notes).
Which really made me cherish that I hadn’t seen anyone else in the park
today. Finally I had a hook. Any musician knows that feeling. That
moment when the song just slides into place. And that was what I felt
there, in the last seconds before… I bursted into song, a bit louder
than I should.

My melody sprung to life, through my raspy voice. It felt strangely
amplified. I suddenly shut my lips, but the singing continued. It was a
loud cawing like a crow’s voice, but it followed my exact melody. I was
sure of it. It only lasted for around a second. Then it abruptly
stopped, as if its owner had caught on to my action. Someone or
something had tried to sing along. Along to a melody that had only
existed for the last ten minutes. I couldn’t determine what direction
the voice originated from. Could it have been a bird? I didn’t sound
human. I tried glaring into the bushes behind me but they were too dense
to make out anything. Suddenly the park was the last place I wanted to
be. I’d really lost track of time, dusk was slowly setting behind the
pinetrees. I grabbed my bag and began to walk. I was afraid to run. To
catch the attention of whatever made that noise. I shot glances at all
the nearby trees, but it was too dark to tell out any movements.
Whatever it was I probably already had its attention. I accelerated. The
gravel on the path cracked way too loudly under my soles. Just don’t
look back, just don’t look back I thought. I was gasping for air as I
finally hit the main road. 50 meters ahead was my block, and a good
distance behind me the outline of the park. My pace settled as I slowly
caught my breath. I turned around to catch a final breath of that
threatening treeline. The last rays of sunlight came sharply from the
same direction. Rendering it to only an abstract silhouette. It was
impossible to make out any details. But for just a second, I thought I
saw something, something that moved. Could it have been a small tree? it
wasn’t that windy.

As I arrived home I locked the door and turned on all the lights. I made
myself a cup of tea, and slowly loosened up again. In the newfound
safety of human civilization the rational part of my brain was starting
to win. That sound was nothing but a bird. Oddly timed yes, but still
just a bird. And the silhouette? people tend to see whatever they think
they’re gonna see, when panicked. Besides, I couldn’t keep bothering
myself with imaginary concerns like this. I still needed to get up for
work the next day. As I threw a frozen pizza in the oven, I’dd finally
calmed down. After a couple hours it was back to the usual routine. Soon
this little experience would be nothing but an odd memory. One by one I
turned out the lights and eventually I tucked myself into bed. Overall
this had been a good day. 

I abruptly woke to the melody of my phone alarm clock. I tried opening
my eyes, just to find out they weren’t closed at all. It was still dark.
I could barely make out any of the furniture in the room. Why had I set
the alarm this early? Nevermind that. I was still tucked safely under my
warm blanket, and I could probably still get some good rest, if I fell
asleep quickly. I knew I shouldn’t put that much effort into it, but
still, something was bothering me. No, I needed to clear my thoughts, I
needed the rest. Then it hit me, I didn’t remember setting an alarm in
the first place. Barely had I gotten the thought, as I heard it a second
time. It was a melody I knew. The one I had sung in the park. It wasn’t
a recording, It was a voice. And it was very near. It sounded
androgynous, and was almost a whisper. Hitting the notes flawlessly. Yet
seemed devoid of any underlying emotion. I felt a light chill on my
cheek, and suddenly knew where the sound originated from. My eyes slowly
crawled across my bedroom floor. And finally made their way to the
window. Outside was a silhouette. It seemed unproportionate and lanky.
Something fleshy resembling a face pushed up against the glass. Its eyes
met mine. I shut my eyelids abruptly. And hoped it hadn’t noticed I was
awake. It was dead silent. Then again came that awful melody. I don’t
know how long I laid there. just listening. Praying. To this day I still
wonder what would’ve happened if it knew my window was unlocked.
