I’m sure that Widow Creek Ranch would’ve been quite sight any other day.
Parts still were, those lucky enough to be up wind. Everything else was
burned blacker than coffee. There had been another record breaking
wildfire, brought on by also record breaking heat and drought. This was
the first time I was seeing the aftermath. Entire hillsides were barren,
save for dark disheveled figures that were once trees. Just a day ago
this area had been an evacuation zone, shrouded by walls of smoke higher
than the mountains that made up the scenery. Firefighting crews had the
flames contained elsewhere, which had since passed the property by.
Where they hadn’t touched, the ranch looked something out of nature
documentary. Green. Idyllic. Remote.                 

 

That last one became was more apparent on the drive there. As I turned
and left a paved road for a gravel one, a got to see what looked like a
small mountain village. I’d seen photos of it before, all taken in
winter like something out of a Christmas card. If I was still seven, I’d
think it was Santa’s workshop. The closer I got, the I more realized
there was nothing small about this place. What seemed quaint cabins were
actually giant buildings, barns, living quarters, and garages filled
with trucks, atvs, snowmobiles, and a bunch of others I couldn’t even
name. It boggled my mind that one man owned this all. 

 

Robert Cornhill. He something urban legend in these parts, and that
saying something. For a county so small, we attracted our fair share of
rich eccentrics. Pretty views and isolation no doubt had a lot to do
with it. There were other benefits to owning ranch in Cornhill’s case. I
could see some of his livestock grazing in the distance, mostly cattle,
with more exotic varieties sprinkled in: Texas longhorns, zebus, yaks…
there were even bison in one field. 

 

It was lucky so many made it through the fire alive.  It was a miracle
Cornhill’s strange pseudo village still stood. A few buildings were
singed. Only one burned down altogether. For the most part, the fire had
only skirted this area, like a bullet grazing flesh. The property’s many
tenets and caretakers evacuated even before it became mandatory.
Cornhill himself never did. I knew rich folks could be stubborn, but
even others in the region knew when to leave their villas. By all
accounts, nothing that Cornhill’s employees said could get him to leave,
and most didn’t even try to. If you knew anything of the man’s
reputation, it was no mystery why. 

As I pulled by the first building, I could see a perimeter of shrines
encircling it and all the others. They came every shape and size. Some
were just piles of rock. Others were statues, either of people, animals,
or some combination of both. I couldn’t tell which Cornhill made
himself, or which he’d brought in from somewhere else. He claimed to
have been all over the world, and to have learned from every corner of
it. Perhaps he thought these shrines would protect his land. He was
known to be the superstitious. Being reminded made me wish that was all
he was known for.

 

As I neared the center of Cornhill’s private town, I spotted a woman on
horseback, reins in one hand, lasso in the other. The latter led another
horse behind her, black and slicker than oil. Looked just as expensive
too. Next to the rusty mare she rode, it was easy to tell which was
Cornhill’s. I slowed my vehicle and rolled the window down. 

 

“Are you Mrs. Tanner?” I asked.

“Yes,” she answered with a tilt her wide-brimmed hat, “I was told the
sheriff would be here.”

 

“I’m afraid his office his still busy,” I told her, as both of us looked
to the blackened hills, needing no other explanation. Still Tanner was
disappointed. She looked tired, as if the gray of her hair had only
formed that day. “Is there anyone else here?”

“Yeah, my husband Bill,” she explained.

 

“Is he an employee too?”

 

“No, just helping. Mr Cornhill turned all his horses loose. I guess the
fire finally scared some sense into him.”

 

That sounded like it should have been good news, though I wouldn’t have
known by how Tanner said it. She spat at the ground, hard and bitter. I
couldn’t tell if she was chewing tobacco, but it sure looked like she
needed some. 

 

“Have you found all of them?” I asked.

“Not even half,” she muttered. “Can this be quick? I need get this one
in the stable.”

 

I gave her a raised eyebrow. “Didn’t you say over the phone that the
stable burned down? That’s what dispatch told me.”

 

“I was talking about the older one,” Tanner pointed to the far side of
the estate, where the only building to be destroyed once stood.

The remains alone were massive. Charred beams were crumpled one over the
other, like the legs of dead insect. Under them was a formless mound of
black, what might have been the roof before it caved in and became only
ashes. The former stable was a set apart the other buildings. Even at
distance, I could tell how giant it must have once been. 

 

“The new one’s that way,” Tanner pointed in the opposite direction.

“Is there enough room for every horse?” I asked.

“Yeah, Cornhill didn’t have us using the old one anyway.”

Again my eyebrow raised. “A building that big, and he wasn’t using it?”

“Not that I’m aware,” Tanner said and shrugged, “He kept the place
locked up. Did the same most everything else. That’s why I called. He
left a garage door wide open, and a door inside the garage too.”

“And you still haven’t been able to contact Mr. Cornhill? You have no
idea of his whereabouts?”      

“No, but that’s not unusual. The man came and went as he pleased. He
wasn’t the type to answer questions, I’m sure you understand…”

I gave her a nod. No one in these parts needed an explanation,
especially not someone from the police department. Cornhill’s record
wasn’t extensive for the most part. A traffic violation here, a
disorderly conduct charge there, and one case of possession of an
illicit substance. Didn’t stick. Whatever Cornhill was smoking was so
obscure and exotic, there wasn’t even a law on the books for it. It also
wasn’t what made Cornhill infamous. There was another case. A much
stranger one. 

 

“Can you point me to where you saw this?” I asked.

Tanner gestured toward center of Cornhill’s manor, to what was cabin in
aesthetic, and a mansion in scale. 

 

“The garage is out front, you can’t miss it,” she said. “Also, if you’re
wondering about the smell, it’s from the freezer. The power’s still out,
and lord know how long that thing’s been left the sit.”

 

“Have you already looked inside?”

“A little. The place is huge. Cornhill wasn’t eager to show anyone
around, so your guess of the layout ain’t much better than mine,
especially with the lights still out.”

 

“Great,” I muttered. As if the call wasn’t taking long enough.

Tanner then reached for her belt pulled out a walkie talkie. “Reception
ain’t too good out here, so if you need any help or have any more
questions, call me on this. Bill should be on the line too, though don’t
expect him to answer. I swear, that man’s never gonna figure out how
these damn things work…”

 

“Maybe you should check on him.” I suggested

 

“Yeah, maybe…” Murmured Tanner.

 

With that we parted ways, Tanner toward the stable, me toward the
mansion. Soon as I was parking in front of a garage door left wide open
just as Tanner had described. What she had left out was the truck parked
inside. The vehicle’s headlights were faced outward. Cornhill, or
whoever had last driven it, had backed the truck in at an angle.
Curious, I left my car to investigate, and was hit by the other thing
Tanner described. The smell. Sure enough there was freezer in one
corner, and the stench worsened with each step I got closer. Just to be
safe I opened and checked it. Cornhill wasn’t a vegetarian, that was for
sure. After that I examined truck. The doors were unlocked, and the
tailgate was down. Despite the latter, the bed was empty. Did Cornhill
plan on loading something? My eyes went to another corner of the garage,
to the last thing Tanner described. An open door into Cornhill’s
residence. 

 

Beyond there was only blackness, so deep and empty, the thought of
entering drew my hand to the gun handle at my hip. I was tempted to just
call it day, leave, and let someone else search the property instead.
This case was sure to go into missing persons anyway. Cornhill was high
profile enough that search parties would be crawling all over by
evening. Yet, if there was any chance he was still alive, heck even he
was dead, no one wanted to be deputy that could have saved him and
didn’t. Especially not in a lawsuit. I sighed, removed a flashlight from
my belt, switched it on, and stepped inside. 

 

The first thing to greet me were open jaws and shining pointed teeth. A
bear skin rug hung from the wall, the animal’s face frozen into a
permanent snarl. On the other side of the hallway was an even less
welcoming sight. Tribal masks were displayed like paintings in a museum.
Their countless faces watched my every step. Some frowned. Others
grinned. Most weren’t human enough to do either one. In every shape and
size they came, and out of every imaginable thing were they made. Carved
wood, feathers, hair, seashells, teeth, bone, claws…

 

I couldn’t tell you where they all came from. At most, I could recognize
as some as vaguely Native American. Everything else could’ve been from
anywhere. Africa. Polynesia. Papua New Guinea. My light shined over
them, one after the other, until I decided darkness was the more
pleasant sight. 

From the hallway I entered a larger room. The heads of elk, moose, deer,
and anything else with antlers hung above mine. A line of bighorn sheep
and pronghorn decorated the neighboring wall, and something much more
troubling beneath them. Weapons. Lots of them. At the center were two
spears crossed over each other, each with a tassel of feathers hanging
just behind the blade. There was long bow, complete with a quiver of
arrows, tomahawks, a club lined with shark’s teeth, and what looked like
a blowgun behind a glass case. All were neatly hung and framed. I
couldn’t tell what it reminded me of more, museum decor, or tools in a
toolshed. Hopefully not the latter, given the owner.  

I told myself that it was mostly rumor, that the charges had been
dismissed, that I was too old to believe in ghost stories. Yet, the case
was too bizarre, too infamous not to think about. It began long before I
joined the department. 

Cornhill was in a dispute with another ranch owner, a man named Victor
Crawford. The details on why are so ‘he said she said’, I can’t even
tell you how it started. Can’t imagine fighting a neighbor when you have
this much to yourself. It doesn’t really matter anyway. All anyone
remembers is how the incident ended. 

 

They’d been at for months by that point, with Crawford making legal
threats, and Cornhill much stranger ones. ‘Spiritual retribution’ as he
called it would come upon the Crawford house. At the time people
laughed. The situation was just tabloid gossip. So were the rumors that
Cornhill was on drugs and practicing bizarre rituals on his property.
Even his employees claimed he would spend hours dancing in front of
bonfires, singing in languages no one could recognize, much less
understand. 

 

“Not even the voices in his head agree with him,” Crawford himself had
commented. That was a week before he went missing. 

 

On an early spring morning he left for a jog and never returned. His
property was almost as big as Cornhill’s, and it took two days for
search parties to find him. When they did it was at the bottom of a
steep hill with his skull split over a rock. Crawford had somehow
wandered three hundred yards from his usual trail. Through forests and
thickets his tracks led, twisting and turning with no pattern, and in
seemingly random direction. No one could make sense of it until the
autopsy report, and the results of that were even stranger. 

Crawford’s corneas were damaged. He’d gone blind. To this day no one
knows what caused it. Neither him nor his family had prior medical
history anything like this. His body been outside for some time, and a
rainstorm had passed by, potentially washing away clues. That’s what
forensics concluded anyway. Didn’t stop people from speculating,
including Crawford’s family. They were dead set that this was a murder
case, and that Cornhill was responsible. That he didn’t have an alibi is
the only reason the case made it as far as it did. Cornhill’s still an
innocent man as far as justice system’s concerned, though public opinion
never made up its mind. To this day there are still stories. They’re the
kind of thing you hear around campfires, that Cornhill’s some sort of
dark shaman, that he had knowledge and power over things no man should. 

 

I’d all but forgotten a time when I still believed in those things.
Every step I took became reminder though. My flashlight shined over more
of Cornhill’s collections, over so many artifacts I couldn’t name.
Around every turn there were more. That, and a new set of turns. Tanner
wasn’t lying. This place was huge. A maze of shadows. A jungle of a
home, complete with its own beasts. At one corner I almost jumped.
Standing there was a polar bear, at least nine feet tall, as frozen as
it was lifelike.

 

Cornhill’s trophies only became more exotic the further I went. The
heads of the warthogs, wildebeest, and water buffalo gazed from above.
Two elephant tusks flanked a hallway entrance and formed an arch
overhead. I sighed with relief entering the living room. 

Three large windows provided some natural light, dim, but still better
than what I’d seen so far. Above hung a chandelier of antlers. Below
there was an elaborate diorama, three prancing antelope and a lion
crouched behind them, eyes just as much on me as its prey. Despite the
better lighting, there was still no sign of Cornhill. I continued into
the next room, this one much darker. My flashlight shined over a
cupboard. Behind glass I could see more of his collection, shrunken
heads, a bowie knife, what I swore had to be a voodoo doll.  

 

There even a few framed pictures of man himself. Each one was from its
own corner of the world, steaming jungle, scorched desert, high
mountains, serene shorelines. Different as the locations were, Cornhill
himself stayed the same. Same adventurous grin. Same well groomed beard.
Same crisp white hair. Despite the latter there something almost ageless
about him, as if time where just another obstacle he’d bought his way
around. In only one photo did he share the frame with any else, what
looked like a witch doctor in what was no doubt Africa. Cornhill claimed
to have learned many things in his travels. It seemed I was getting an
idea of the teachers. 

 

My flashlight left the cupboard for the floor. I noticed the carpet was
wrinkled. A bookcase that should’ve been flush with the wall was pushed
against it. Passed both I strode,  and found an open door, unpolished or
painted. Every other I’d seen had been either or both. Had this one been
hidden? My light shined through, revealing a staircase downward. One
creaking step at a time I descended into yet greater darkness, if that
was even possible. It felt like being in a submersible. One shrinking
light a void of nothing. Stairs went on and on, until something crinkled
underfoot. There was shattered glass at the bottom, and beneath, a
concrete floor covered in stains. Some were smears of red. Blood. 

 

A trail of it led me onwards, through a canyon of cardboard boxes. My
flash light shined ahead, until I saw an arm outstretched from behind a
corner. For the first time in that dark labyrinth I ran. With a skidding
turn, I found a man with his back lain against the wall, still as could
be. Robert Cornhill in the flesh. I almost didn’t recognized him. His
skin sagged and creased, and was no less white than his hair. His grin
was long gone, replaced by a frown determined to drag the rest of his
face down with it. The old man was now a far cry from his pictures. 

 

With one hand I felt his throat, while the other kept a light to his
face. There no pulse, only cold rigid flesh. He was gone. My flashlight
went to his arm, riddled with cuts and chips of glass. Had he lost that
much blood? Was that enough to kill him? For someone his age maybe, yet
something in my gut said there was more. There had to be. As I stood up,
again I noticed the cardboard boxes. Why was this room hidden? What was
Cornhill hiding? For the nearest one I reached.

 

I don’t know what I expected to find inside. Another weapon? Drugs?
Pornography? The last thing I expected was a lump of fuzz the size of my
fist. What I thought was a rat for one moment, and realized was a spider
the next. 

As fast as I could I snapped the box the shut, stumbling back into
another which tipped over. What fell out I saw for but a moment. I only
recognized it by a sound that filled the entire room. A rattlesnake. The
only thing louder than it was what came out of my mouth. Away from the
boxes I scrambled. It was all I could do. My every sense was
overpowered, and from every direction the snake’s rattle rang. I made it
maybe three steps, then tripped on something I couldn’t see. From my
hand the flashlight went flying. All I could see was darkness, even as I
hit floor, face first. 

 

At once the rattling ended. Maybe that was just my ears ringing. Maybe
the snake had stopped to laugh. As my skull pounded, I slowly looked up,
searching through vision that I’m sure would have been blurred if not
for the darkness. Eventually, eyes came into focus, and found my
flashlight. It was still on, but underneath something else. With a
careful hand I reached. With every inch I got closer, I expected another
rattling. There was no telling where that snake had gone. As soon as the
flashlight was in hand, I yanked it back, revealing what was above it. 

 

Scales. Lots of them. All were shining back at me, like polished ivory,
and so was the glass in front of them. I breathed a sigh of relief for
the latter. Before me was an albino python, ten, maybe twenty feet long,
all coiled within a glass terrarium. The reptile lay so still, I almost
thought it was stuffed like the animals upstairs. Only a few flicks of
tongue proved otherwise. 

 

My head turned. My flashlight reflected off of more terrariums ahead,
like windows in a neighborhood. There was another above the python’s,
much smaller, and filled with brightly colored frogs. They fled from the
light as I stood up. Down the corridor I walked, each step slow, and
gentler than a mother’s hand. The rattlesnake was still hiding
somewhere, and who knew what else. Most of the terrariums were empty,
but having opened two of the boxes, it was no mystery why. I could only
imagine the things I’d walked passed. I got an idea though. There was a
monitor lizard the length of my arm, a scorpion the color of charcoal, a
fish tank filled with piranhas… 

 

At the end of the corridor was a shine of silver. A refrigerator door
left wide open. Inside I expected to find food for Cornhill’s pets.
Instead there were glass jars, their contents liquid, ranging in color
from lime green to honey gold. For a moment, I blinked with confusion.
Then I read the labels. 

Death adder, black mamba, taipan, diamondback…  Next to the fridge was a
table where more jars sat. Cottonmouth, coral snake, eyelash viper… One
jar sat alone and against the wall, empty and covered in dust. Yet its
label stood out to me more than any other. 

 

Spitting cobra. 

 

I didn’t stay much longer that dark room. At least one of Cornhill’s
snakes was loose, and that was reason enough. As for the old man
himself, I checked his pulse one last time, just to be safe.

Still, nothing. With newfound interest, my light went to his arm. Amidst
pale skin and dried blood, the broken glass, no, the broken jar pieces
sparkled. I couldn’t help snorting at the irony. If the Crawford’s were
right, perhaps they’d gotten justice after all. 

 

Through boxes I walked, this time with much more caution, and up the
stairs I climbed, all the while reaching for my cell phone. Dispatch
could call off Missing Persons. Now we needed Animal Control. I was at
the top of the stairs and about to call, when Tanner’s walkie talkie
buzzed. 

 

“Deputy! Deputy! Are you there?” Her voice came in fast frantic. 

I unclipped the device from my belt, “I’m here…”

 

“Bill’s dead!” 

 

“What…” my pace slowed, becoming unsteady. Aimless.

 

“I… I found him by the old stable!” Tanner’s voice shook, unrecognizable
from how I remembered it. “He’s… He’s…”

 

“I’ll be right there,” I told her, “did you check his pulse? Did you…”

“Half his face is gone!” Tanner almost screamed, “his stomach’s ripped
out! Oh my Go…” her voice cut off into static. 

 

“Tanner, Tanner are there?”  For a moment, I couldn’t tell the static
from the weeping, but there was definitely both. 

 

“… I’m …I’m here,” her voice at last came back, small and frail.
“Deputy? Deputy?”

Now it was I who couldn’t answer. My gun was drawn, the weapon trembling
in my hand. In front of me was the living room, with the chandelier
above, and the diorama below. The prancing antelope were still there.
The lion wasn’t. 

 
