Everyone experiences sleep paralysis differently. It usually happens
right after a nightmare for me. What happens is the nightmare scares me
so badly that part of me wakes up, but the rest of me is still asleep.
I’m aware that I just woke up from a dream, and I’m frozen in place in
bed. It’s usually almost pitch black, but I can slightly see the
environment around me. I don’t know if I could feel a presence, or if
I’m just scared that there could be something hiding in the dark.
Nothing ever happens though. I just lie there perfectly still,
absolutely petrified with fear. Nothing ever comes out of the shadows
however. 

After years of experiencing this, I developed a trick to wake myself up.
I scream. Of course nothing comes out at first. My jaw is clamped shut,
my vocal chords paralyzed. I keep trying harder and harder to scream. My
vocal chords start waking up as all my screams come out as just moans.
The chords become stronger as the moans become closed mouth screams.
Finally, I wake up crying out. Now of course once I’m fully awake I’m
not actually screaming. It’s just that startled yell people make when
they are woken up unexpectedly. 

I’ve come to find that I was dreaming the whole time. When I’m finally
fully awake, it’s usually bright. I think I have a tendency to
experience paralysis only during daylight hours, I’m not sure why. I
also notice the room I’m actually in is very different from the room I
was just experiencing. In the dreams I’m usually on my childhood bed,
the couch from my grandmother’s house, or somewhere else that I might
have spent a lot of time when I was younger. 

I don’t experience this nearly as much as I used to. Months, sometimes
even years will go by between episodes now. I can’t even remember when I
had the last one. Well the last one before the recent bout of episodes. 

Recently I’ve started experiencing paralysis again, but the frequency
has only just increased. There’s something different this time though.
I’m fully aware during the episodes now. They’re not dreams. It’s like
I’m not asleep at all, just fully paralyzed. I can pick out all the
different sounds around me. I can see all the details of the objects
within my field of vision. I can even smell the environment, and when I
can finally move, nothing changes. It doesn’t feel like I’m waking up.
I’m in the exact location I was during the episode. Lying in the exact
position. 

The first time this new experience happened, I had just woken up from a
nap on my couch. My eyes opened up, and I was lying on my side staring
in the direction of the TV. It was in the middle of the day and the
whole room was drenched in light. Obviously I started freaking out
immediately. I couldn’t move a single limb on my body. All I could do
was blink. My girlfriend walked into my field of vision. I tried to get
her attention, but my vocal cords were completely seized up. While
walking across the room she arrived in the center directly in front of
me, she stopped in place. I was half expecting her to look over at me,
but she never did. She just stood there staring forward. I tried my
trick of screaming to wake up, but I couldn’t get it to work. I just
lied there staring at my girlfriend standing completely still with her
arms at her side, staring directly in front of her. 

I thought maybe I was stuck in a moment in time, similar to what you
might experience during a psychedelic trip. However as the minutes
turned into hours, the light in the room started to dim. Time was moving
forward, and the sun was beginning to set. Eventually the room was
bathed in darkness, being lit by nothing but the ambient light from
outside. I could do nothing but stare at the silhouette of my girlfriend
who continued to just stand perfectly still. 

I remembered another trick I used to use to get out of this situation
when I was a kid. I would just relax and let myself drift back into
another dream. I was terrified, but I had no other choice. It used to
work, and it has to now. I concentrated on relaxation techniques I’ve
been collecting throughout a lifetime of living with anxiety. I slowed
my breathing, deep breaths, in and out. I focused my mind, trying to
empty out all thoughts. I felt my heartbeat slow down, my eyelids get
heavy. 

I woke up again, it was sometime in the morning the next day. I
immediately tried to move and my entire body jolted. I was no longer
paralyzed. My girlfriend started walking across the room again, my heart
leapt. This time she immediately turned to look at me. 

“Did you sleep the entire day away yesterday?”

“Um.”

I was still trying to collect my thoughts, my brain still waking up. 

“It’s fine,” she continued, “but we really need to try and take care of
some chores today.”

She then continued walking by and into the kitchen. 

“Were you able to get anything done yesterday?” I spoke with my voice
raised so that she could hear me in the kitchen. She didn’t respond at
first. I thought maybe she didn’t hear me. 

“Um, I got caught up with my game. It’s fine, so we both took the day
off, we need that every now and then.”

There was something off about her response. It was almost like she was
trying to think of a lie. I brushed it off. 

When it happened again, I was in my bed, but she wasn’t there. I lied on
my side facing the empty side where she was supposed to be. The ambient
light spilled over and around the curtains. It wasn’t much, but it was
enough for me to make out the world around me,I just couldn’t see any
details, mostly just shapes. The problem was, since I was on my side,
there was an entire half of the room I couldn’t see. I felt a presence.
That shouldn’t cause me fear, it’s just my girlfriend, but it did for
some reason. I could swear she was standing directly behind me. I could
almost hear her breathing, almost feel the warmth radiating off of her,
and then it slowly faded away. She was backing off. I could even hear
the subtle sound of her feet moving across the carpet. I heard her
walking around behind me, occasionally moving something, like she was
looking for something, or even just something as benign as stretching
her legs to relieve some restlessness. There was nothing actually
sinister happening, so I practiced my meditation, and fell back into
sleep. 

In the morning while we were both getting ready for work, I made a
mention of it. 

“Trouble sleeping last night?”

“Nope, slept like a baby. Why?”

“Just thought I heard you get out of bed.”

“Oh, probably just got up to pee while I was half asleep, okay well I
got to go babe.”

She kissed me and was out the door. It was so odd the way it felt like
she was dodging my questions. 

The next night I woke up on my back. I could see the entire room this
time. She wasn’t next to me again, but I also didn’t see her anywhere
else in the room. The bathroom door was wide open, and the light was
off, so she wasn’t in there. I wanted to go see if maybe she was just
grabbing a midnight snack, but of course I couldn’t move. I lied there
for quite some time waiting for her to come back into our room. I was
fairly calm due to the circumstances. It was odd how I was starting to
get used to this new version of sleep paralysis. Like, I was still
frightened, but I was fully awake and aware, knowing it was eventually
going to end. Where was she though? It felt like I had been lying there
for an hour, and she still hadn’t come back to bed. 

That’s when something caught my eye. Nothing had moved the entire time
save for the blades of the ceiling fan. No, there was something there
this whole time that I hadn’t noticed yet. Just at the foot of the bed,
there was something round barely poking up from behind it. I focused my
eyes on it. That’s when I was finally able to make out my girlfriend’s
eyes peeking at me. She didn’t move when I noticed her. She just stayed
there staring at me. I tried to scream, I wanted to know what she was
doing. We just stared into each other’s eyes until the first rays of the
rising sun started seeping into the room. Eventually her head slowly
dropped down out of view. That was it, she didn’t go anywhere, she just
stayed hidden behind the foot of our bed. 

My eyes bolted open as the alarm clock started going off. I looked over
to see the light in the bathroom on. I snoozed the alarm. 

“Honey?” I called into the bathroom. 

“What?” Her mouth clearly full of toothpaste.

“Everything okay?”

I heard her spit into the sink. 

She appeared in the bathroom doorway looking confused. 

“Yeah, why?”

I dug around my brain to find a response, but came up empty. 

“No reason,”

She returned into the bathroom. I heard the shower start. 

“I’m just worried about you.” I continued

She returned to the door to look at me. 

“Why?”

“You just seem to be getting up more in the middle of the night.”

“What are you talking about? I’ve actually been getting better sleep
than I ever have.”

She turned around taking off her shirt.

“Is there a history of sleepwalking in your family?” I called out

“Can we talk about this later?” I heard the shower door slide open and
then closed behind her. 

“Sure.” I said defeatedly 

When I got home from work she was on the couch with a laptop sitting on
her criss-crossed legs. The TV was on, her favorite show playing,
probably just filling in the background. I picked up the remote and
paused it. She hardly even registered it. She didn’t even acknowledge my
arrival home. 

“So, it’s later.”

She looked up at me, raising her reading glasses onto her forehead. 

“What?”

“You asked if we could talk about it later, well, it’s later.”

“Oh, I don’t even remember what it was you wanted to talk about.”

“If it’s possible that you might be sleepwalking.”

She raised an eyebrow. 

“I mean sure, I guess, but I don’t think so.”

“I’ve been waking up in the middle of the night to you up and doing
things.”

“You told me that you’ve always had vivid dreams.”

“No, I’m fully awake when it’s happening.”

She lowered her reading glasses and looked back at the computer screen. 

“What about that lucid dreaming thing you said you like to practice?”

“I never got good at it, and plus I haven’t done that in years.”

She looked back at me over the glasses sitting on the tip of her nose.

“Clearly you’re having side effects from the new sleep medication.” She
looked back towards the screen. “I’ll make you an appointment with
Dr. Franz, and you should probably stop taking it.”

I gawked at her. I couldn’t believe the way she would just gas light me
like that. What was her angle, what was she trying to pull? Is this some
big elaborate prank? I just couldn’t believe she would use information I
confided in her with against me like that. I stormed out of the room, it
seemed like she didn’t even notice. 

I didn’t talk to her for the rest of the day. I don’t know if she
noticed me intentionally staying out of the room she was in. It was
childish I know, but I was just so angry. I stood there next to the bed
staring down at her. By the sound of her breathing, I knew she was deep
asleep. I really didn’t want to get in bed next to her. Was I really
being that petty? Then I remembered the couch. Yes, I am going to be
that petty. 

The problem with pettiness is that you always just end up hurting
yourself. Specifically my neck. I slept with my head at a 45° angle
against the arm rest of the couch. I forgot to grab a pillow, and I
didn’t want to go back to that room to get one. What I saw when I opened
my eyes made me want to scream, but of course I couldn’t because of the
paralysis. There she was, the tip of her nose against the tip of mine. I
couldn’t see anything except for her eyes. They say eyes are the windows
to the soul, and here I am not seeing one. Her eyes seemed dead, like
there was no one looking back at me. 

We remained locked, staring into each other’s eyes for hours. No matter
what breathing exercises I did, I could not calm myself down. I was
absolutely petrified. When dawn finally arrived, I started to wonder if
we were just going to stay there forever. Eventually she stood up and
walked out of the room. This only frightened me more. Was she going to
do something to me? I was completely defenseless. I heard her doing
something in the other room. What could she be doing? Eventually she
came back into the room fully dressed for work. She just glanced over at
me for a moment and just kept walking. I heard the front door open and
shut, the sound of her jingling keys, and the locks being engaged. She
was gone for work. I could finally relax, and I fell asleep. 

I woke up much later, the alarm faintly going off in the other room. I
wandered in and shut it off. I called in to work and told them that
there was a family emergency. I packed a bag and threw it into the
passenger seat of my car. I just started driving to my parents house,
which was several hours away. 

I pulled over at a rest stop to take a leak. I looked at my phone to see
a text from her. 

“Hey, I know you’re mad at me. Whatever it is, I’m sincerely sorry.
Let’s talk about it tonight. I love you so much. <3<3<3.”

I ignored it and got back on the road. 

Normally I would just let myself into my parents house, seeing as how I
have my own key, but this visit was unannounced, so I’ll ring the bell.
I didn’t want to scare them or anything. My dad opened the door. 

“Heeey! Well this is unexpected!”

“Hey dad.” We embraced for a hug. 

“What brings you around to this side of the woods?”

“Uh.” I was at a loss for words. 

“We’ll get to that later, come on in, your mother is going to freak out
when she sees you.”

I followed him through the house to my mother’s sewing and crafts room. 

“Hey, look what the cat dragged in.” My dad said as we walked into the
room. 

My mom was sitting in a rocking chair, a crochet hook in each hand, and
a thread of yarn leading down into a duffle bag that I’m sure was full
of several spools. She looked up and pulled down her reading glasses,
letting them hang from her neck. 

“What in the world?” She immediately smiled ear to ear and placed her
project down on the TV tray to her right. She stood up and made her way
over to me. 

“Hi mom.” We squeezed each other tight. She always has to mention how
much she likes my beard hugs.

“What are you doing here? I mean, it’s not that I’m not elated to see
you.”

I rubbed the back of my head. 

“Well I..”

“Wait, where’s..”

I cut her off.

“Back at home.”

“Is everything okay?”

“Yeah, I just..uh..”

My parents looked at each other with silent communication. It was
obvious they think we’re in a fight. 

“Oh okay,” she said sorrowfully, “well you know that you’re always
welcome to stay as long as you need to.”

“Thank you.” My phone started ringing. It was her. My parents looked at
each other again. 

“We’ll be in the front room.” They both walked out. I felt bad, I didn’t
mean to kick my mom out of her space. 

“Heey Babe.”

“Hey, are you stuck at work?”

I closed the door to the hallway. 

“I am so sorry I didn’t tell you before I left, but I didn’t want to
bother you at work. I’m at my parents house. Buster has taken a turn for
the worse.”

“Oh no! I’m so sorry.”

“Yeah, I took a week off work. I wanted to spend some time with him
before he crossed the bridge.”

She took an extra long pause. 

“A whole week huh?”

“Yeah, that felt appropriate to me. I’m not sure if he’ll even last that
long though. Probably stay an extra few days to be here with my parents
while they grieve.”

“Okay, I’d head over as well, but I don’t know if I can take that time
off work right now.”

“Hey, don’t worry about it, I’ll see you when I get home.”

“Okay, be safe, love you.”

“Love you.”

Those last words did not ring hollow, I really did love her. I do love
her. I love her with all my heart. I just don’t know what’s going on. 

I opened the door to a chihuahua terrier mix wagging their tail.

“Buster!” I said in a playful gravely voice

I picked him up, and he licked my face. 

That night I was looking through my bag. 

“Shit, I think I forgot my medication.”

“Your sleeping pills?” My mom asked. 

I looked up at her, “no,” and looked back down into the bag. “I don’t
take sleeping pills.”

“Really? I thought you did. Oh, maybe that was…”

“Yeah, she does, not me. Damn!” I looked back up at her defeated.
“They’re not in here.”

“Well, what do you take, maybe your father or I have something you can
take instead.”

I started rummaging through my bag again, this time looking for my
toiletries.

“I can’t remember what it’s called, but it’s for anxiety, my doctor just
switched me over to it, since the last one wasn’t working.”

“You take your anxiety medication before bed?”

I pulled my tooth brush out and set it to the side. I kept rummaging. 

“That’s what the label says to do. Well anyway, it’s not that big of a
deal, I literally just started taking it, I guess I could go another
week without it.” I looked back up at her, “do you have any extra
toothpaste?”

I slept just fine for the entire week I was there. I guess I just needed
a break. Maybe the stress of my job was interfering with my sleep. I was
still worried about going home. My anxiety grew the closer the time came
that I would have to go. 

“Did you patch things up?” My mom asked while I was packing my things. 

“Not exactly, we’ll talk about it when I get home.”

“Remember what I said, you’re free to stay here as long as you need
to.” 

I looked up at her, “Believe me, I wish I could stay here indefinitely,”
I continued packing,  “but I’ve got to get back to work.”

I got home really late, she was already fast asleep. I looked down at
her, I was suddenly struck with guilt for lying to her. She was so
beautiful lying there peacefully asleep. I really am still absolutely
madly in love with her. We’re going to get this patched up, I have a
feeling this nightmare was about over. 

I woke up in the middle of night, I was immediately terrified that it
was all happening again. Right up until I felt my fingers move. I tried
turning my head, and it obeyed me. A wave of relief washed over me. I
chuckled to myself and sat up putting my feet on the floor. Oh man, I
think I really did just need a break. It was just stress. I stood up and
turned around. There she was, standing in the middle of the floor,
staring directly at me. I yelped out in fear. 

“Oh my god, you scared the shit out of me.”

She didn’t respond. 

“Hun?”

I walked up to her, she didn’t follow me with her eyes. She just stayed
locked in the same position. I waved my hand in front of her face. I
snapped, I clapped, I even shook her. She wouldn’t budge. It suddenly
dawned on me that I forgot to take my medication last night. I ran into
the bathroom and opened up the medicine cabinet. I found my anxiety
pills and found its generic name [REDACTED]. I then pulled out her
medication bottle, it had a different name. Both labels with Dr. Franz
printed on them, which was unsurprising since we both see the same
family doctor. 

I went and grabbed my phone off the side table and unplugged it. Holding
my phone along with the two bottles I went and sat on the couch. First I
googled mine. It wasn’t anti-anxiety, it was in fact a sleep aid. Why
would he prescribe that to me? I don’t have problems sleeping. Aside
from that, I couldn’t find much more information. I had to dig really
far to find a paper on it. It wasn’t old at all, in fact it was from
last year. It hadn’t even entered human trials yet. I then looked up the
medication my girlfriend was taking. It was also a sleep aid that was
experimental. Why would he put us on two different sleep aids? The paper
I found for her medication was actually from this year. It had just
entered human trials, and there was only one test subject. I looked back
at the front page and saw the authors name Dr. [REDACTED] Franz. With a
sudden realization, I went back and searched for my medication again,
this time with the keyword: Franz. Sure enough there it was. It entered
human trials this year, with only one test subject. 

I became very angry. 

“I never signed anything!” 

Then another realization hit, and I smiled. 

“Wait, I never signed anything.”

We were about to be very rich. I’m going to sue the absolute shit out of
everyone involved. As soon as her medication wears off, and she wakes
up, I’ll tell her everything. We’ll stop taking this poison, and
everything will go back to normal. 

There’s just one problem, it’s been three days since I’ve come home, and
she’s still standing in the middle of the floor. She won’t snap out of
it, I don’t know what to do.
